please refer to doctor Julius Sumner Miller
This super slice of pizza crawled into my mouth!!!
Those stupid holes that randomly spear in your clothes.
2/24/1777P Henry:It will naturally occur to you Sir that there are some Secrets on the keeping of which depends the salvation of an Army
How can anyone forget 9/11?
Please pray for those who lost loved ones and pray for this country...
Be Blessed!
Must be a slow news day.
Two news helicopters for an occupy protest on walnut.
Good Morning!!!
LMAO I thought if u hashtag it they will but we didn't!!
WTF????
Hey, everyone: Follow He's new and needs twitterfriends.
RT : This company is doing a good job with social media //Thank U...appreciate it!
So the guy who doesn't care abt the poor  likes firing people endorsed the guy who has no chance  the Presidency?
Or was it vice versa?
To the entire panel: since the incident you spoke of, have you experienced or witnessed violence first hand?
If so, what was it?
Day 21: My fellow Fellows: and many others.
Yeah I'm not doing my paper.
This game is insane.
33 still in the first.
If youwannaimpressme be yourself
Good movie  home now in bed 
its a 7 hour ride I doubt it was good
we would not go without you!
Still working on plans, will be a summer or fall event : Enjoy until then!!
and got some stuff from the store got back put it away got on my labtop and here i am!
I hope skiles keeps Jackson on the bench tonight
unless its ugly anime then it hurts the brain and eyes.
What anime are you watching?
RT : We must make the choices that enable us to fulfill the deepest capacities of our real selves Thomas MertonWhat else is there?
I'm honored haha
Melo needs to man up and play ball this season then can sign anywhere he wants provided no lockout.
Agreed!
RT : I'm liking this new look nuggs team.
You doctorve there?!
i love you gurll!!
x
oh well good for them though!
Should be fun!
Hello Florida
I Kant wait myself
Unfollowed all the people who unfollowed me..
Love the service but when will I have it on my iPhone?
bro nick gave my home room and teacher a day off!:b
what's the eta on the south greenlake location?
Looks like he was gonna flip him out the ring
EMCSupportFail love when you get the engineer and you tell him you are running ESXi and he asks is you are running Windows or Linux.
Day 2 of the doctorft is just as important as day 1.
The Browns must addoctorss WR and RT tonight.
Could really set up the offense nicely.
Well done Sir.
I so hope you get into being an NFL analyst after your football career.
Holy crap why am I up this late?
again TT
hey send a shout out.
3 words about the new release?!
mind pointing me in the direction of Tim Cooks house?
i am chris brown u funky mf
Well, I didn't hate the midterm I took tonight.
Its only been 19 years since the last one.
thanks and same ya'll :
IWishThat ass was a little harder to get like the days before social networking.....its kinda taking the fun out of it
If you got something to say , come to me about it .
WELCOME!
RT After many years focused mainly on local UPA leadership, now looking forward to also serving on the Board
Doesn't remember Minnesota being in the mid80's in October!
Globalwarming?
Can't wait to see if we have any new friends when we wakeup!!
LOL
You climbed here for yourself/we climbed for ourselves RIP, you angel
: I want a pinch from your bucket asap!!!
whenever you want lol.
you're fired!
so I'm guessing you didn't do shit to shay and Austin like you said you were?
Where can I find this blog?
Thanks
2013 cobra only 75 Grand I will bring cash 
Even though Gingrich and Santorum doctorpped out, we can still have more Republican debates.
Mitt Romney could debate himself.
There is a sermon from a preacher describing how men are like waffles and women like spaghetti.
It will explain everything lol
My new year's resolution is to lose about 230 pounds of Kevin Gregg.
Thank you Nicholas Ashford, you brought great music to the world!
hehe.
Impossible, possible, so close.
: glad I could help.
And finally see the project too!
: social networks have the ugly bitches feeling they self.
Portland Mayor Michael Brennan will present Key to the City to Judge UNITY DOW at Portland High School at 2:30PM today
If you meet the Buddah on the road, kill him.
Why is there no equivalent in the Xtian tradition???
Should Marge stick with the gray hair?
Everybody is attractive in their own way.
Ikea is always exhasting!
However, it was lovely to explore another Brooklyn neighbourhood with buddies.
awesome : Wow.
A complete stranger just told me I was too tall  pale to be in Vegas.
My bus doctorver want to decide to come early nd try to leave me then he want to yell hell no don't do dat
Alright, now it's time for Adele radio on Pandora.
It's about to get emotional up in here.
If i could sing and dance with anyone i would sing with Jessie J and dance with you and the Boyz :
Firehook Bakery also bakes a small round loaf of chocolate cherry bread, neither too sweet nor too chocolaty!
sorry but the clippers aren't getting passed the Spurs :
best show on tv right now.
I was obsessed with Borgias last year on Showtime  this puts it to shame!!
Oh no!
I just imported my calendar to Google so its integrated with maps
good students  today's
FOX Sports reporting Sadler deal fell through..That's a shame..Keep up the good work on TV, we're all big fans in Baltimore!
Crucial action step for U helping to keep heart healthy is to maintain a healthy weight.
What do you do when your friend is about to make a disasterous mistake?
Beautiful day in Brevard FL...call it paradise.
haha my cat is named cewbacca but i spell it chuwbacca and i call him chuwie haha.
he thinks hes a dog lol
The diet that helps people reduce wt.
In the short run needs to be the same diet that creates  maintains health in the long run
awesome!
let me know re: boxes  I know BeleChere will take over the weekend, haha, so anytime is fine!
Feels good to let it go
: CaliBaja joins Twitter 
Hispanics do it better
Looking good pretty lady!
I'm more interested in the Bark in the Park this weekend.
RT RETWEET if you love TITTIES ...
saw this and immediately thought of you lmao
Ah BothOfUsRemix is trending!!
:D
So here came's irl a school day.
Nice
My dog's breath smells like hardboiled eggs, just in time for easter.
Some day I will learn to spell Hors D'oeuvres.
Until then, I will keep struggling.
It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and THEN do your best.
W.
Edwards Deming
agreed!
quality vs quantity!
although, both is quite nice.
:
Rev.
Elijah Slack!
RT : Who was the first president/dean of UC?!
Im 10 RT : Note to self: Don't retweet 14 year old kids with teen angst and a hair straightener up their ass.
We wrestle not against flesh  blood but against principalities, rulers of the darkness of this world, spiritual wickedness in high places.
Gotta be up for work in a few hours and ofcourse I cant go to sleep n for some reason everytime i lay my head on my arm i get a headache :/
Tempted, but fighting is the most there is to keep it alive.
MLB/RockRoll crossover: Wilson IS Wilson in WOULDN'T IT BE GOOD?
Thanks for the follow!
Love Charlottesville
BATMAN.
RT : HOLY TEETHING.
When kids make, everyone learns.
RT : Webslam rules!
So hard to make choices when everything these kids made is great!
Good sentiment Bee.
I hate arrogance.
Even if in the heat of the moment.
Listening to a discussion about the proposed digital public library of America
Instead of trying to learn a new skill, let it learn you by expanding your consciousness and allowing it to grow.
idk man.
i just want it to be summer so i can dye my hair red,  hang out with my bestfriends.
Coming Soon!!
Amazing home for sale in The Highlands...
4b/6b Yes!
4 bedoctoroms and 6 bathrooms!
375k!
Operation Ajax  conspiracies, murder, intrigue, the CIA, real historic records, be wowed  all from your iPad
Did I also mention the 3 pieces of cheesecake, champagne, Champagne of beers AND vodka clubs?
Apparently not.
In some room at the RAVE getting ready to meet Pauly D!!!
I heard that.
geauxpackgeauxRT : hahaha you already know
Fuckin summer nightz i missed you
You are never given a wish without being given the power to make it come TRUE.
My RV is unfortunately not cooperating for this trip.
Scannebago 2013 though!
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
I had a doctoram I met !
Fun!
We'll have to try it!
RT Quick and sweet experiment you might like!
Speaking from the heart.
:
Welcome, Jenny.
Happy spring quarter!
wow!
I love that stuff!
best ways to keep the business model beyond professort?
Sure will!
80 of men say they'd marry the same woman all over again.
Related: 80 of men are afraid that what they say will get back to their wives
good thing its only a half day.
im dead tired and hungry
lol Also been junknotized.
Like rumpnotized, but frontal.
RT Being rumpnotized is sort of like being hipnotized, but lower.
For those good with photos or photoshop: Be epic, take a photo, integrate it with our logo.
Best one next Friday becoms our FB professorle pic.
RT : Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king.
Carry yourself as a hoe  we'll see how far you go.
i love looking through old pictures.
it's like watching myself grow up.
Hey checkdown Tommy, see what happens when u throw the ball over 4 yards in the air?
How about stretching the field a bit next possession?
Seriously if you want to help me move this weekend...
Payment comes in pizza and beer.
I have a cargo van.
I will kiss you.
maybe they need help setting up a bank account and will share their millions with you .
.
.
Friday needs to hurry it up.
yess  I've love for them to see this.
you have the typical american tourist looking person next to the mexican that looks laid back :p
My name is and I am a doer.
hm...what's up with the spam?
have u been hacked?
17 to 3.
Monarch over ThunderRidge end of first quarter.
it's very true
i fukin hate tmobile
thanks for effective twitter uses for smallbiz !
The demand for coffee was so big in the 19th centennial that at the time authentic coffee beans were scarce.
there is no chiller person on earth than Adoctoran nani zendejas 
Did you talk about the volt today?
I heard the last few minutes of the show and PFM
Hey just wanted to follow up and see how your first day of work went on Friday.
Did it all work out?
More thoughts on the speech last night?
Thoughts on the rebuttal?
over 10000 sold!
where ya going
Dimming lights, using occupancy and daylight sensors can reduce lighting needs and increase the life of light bulbs.
Our editor Josh Climo is working on our baby.
Maybe some pickups.
Hopefully not.
The footage looks great!
Ugh todays gonna suck
mister Gaspard is in the building!
night dork :p
This is a first  doctorss shirt tucked into track pants and gaudy Nike Shox.
Hmm, did I miss this trend?
Thank you!!
She is our okay, maybe we are ready for kids...
well let's get a puppy first dog.
LoL!
We love her!
I'm here till Saturday....you've got time to join!
:
Coming soon!
The 99CentBookEvent:
Thank you!
: RT : Be sure to follow One of the dopest magazines on the market right now.
Go see for yourself
Starting my p90x again tomorrow.
Double up,Double up..
Make today your best day ever!
oomf is really going through it.
Give it God and let Him do the rest.
Bout to buy a new baseball glove.
I told y'all I'm serious bout making it big in the league.
What about arranging to use one of those fishing tours that have a boat already?
After watching the last episode I'd like to amend my answer.
I'm gonna go with a Hanna/Marnie hybrid.
Nick Hoop sighting.
Yeah, it looks like Facebook will stream all 9 prelims.
It also says the prelims will be on Fox Sports too.
Hey!
Make sure to pick up a copy of the new March issue of Brick Road.
We'll be passing them out on the SDSU campus on Monday!
tomorrows friday thank god3
Behind my smile is a hurting heart.
Behind my laugh, I'm falling apart.
Look closely at me,  you will see..
the girl i am isnt me.
the school buidling can be described thusly: faded, peeling, stained, pockmarked.
We sat on small plastic chairs.
No sense of urgency
Sandy!..To late for Speed 3?
Check it out to change your life!
W.amazonkindle.com Testament to Truth: memoirs of a life's odyssey
Yesterday is a canceled check, tomorrow is a promissory note, today is cash on hand.
I like Dizzy Gillespie.
I'm not sure if u would consider Nina Simone jazz, but I love her.
im bout hungry af son
yeah i kinda feel bad for them...
for the pain we will cause them if they dont renew this show!
lol :p
: Dating a Sagittarius?
Try talking about matters of social justice and politics.
They tend to be interested in those subjects.
Best day ever!!
No school, just chillin.
Thanks Tom, great read.
Would be interested to try a few of those.
Ugh , School Tomorrow !
Are You Kidding Me ?!
Thankful to be working on a project that details the struggle in the doctor.
Really has opened my eyes to that region.
Cain's 999 Plan: Because poor people are not getting poorer fast enough.
I love my mother :
could you please link me to the radio website, so i could listen?
:
Frank McNulty to LPR2011  public policy is a marathon, not a sprint.
Good first class.
20 students are already following the class twitter feed.
Thanks for the retweet!
:
We know those!
Hope we made it a little better, .
Brantley strikes again.
Joy.
Great win for the Lakers
word up RT: This rain is actin childish already.
Wtf
Missing me some heat right now :/
writing block dissolving  euphoria
Ha found twenty dollars in ground
ur not gonna break my soul....3
I don't like them either
I'm so addicted to this channel
Texting my sis in law and she be so real with me and that's y I fucks with her
This could be the record to do it.
Even though I miss the gruff, harder edge of Blue and Red.
lol you know it
I have elephants in my pants!
Another reason to be proud to have the IMA, see story
I adore that movie!!
Sometimes God allows us to be tested because he's preparing us for promotion.
me to love the way he Rap's
Getting ready for tonight for big 22nd everyone come out!
RT : EveryoneHasThat1Friend that they can only be around for a short period of time
I'm sending this by tweet  Text if anyone tht attended the crawfish boil Friday  Party  my house Sat have Pictures please share
Our new menu's are here!!
ya definitely!
Once the post birth craziness dies down a little just let us know when would work!
Get some rest!
What a stunning NYC day.
Off to Cowgirl to take advantage of Happy Hour.
Just watched a lawyer doctornk 80 ounces of diet pepsi in 4 hours.
Awesome.
You really need to rethink posting this article.
It is one of the most badly written articles on the subject.
The human element is the most important part of making music.
Dave Grohl.
To celebrate our collaboration with this saturday a special FF in the next few posts.
Just wrapped up a dope studio session at wit and .
.
.
Gallery coming soon
Thanks for the RT, Patricia : 
Dems and MSM call it flipflopping if it's Romney; if Obama, it's evolving.
And wrigley a janitors closet at an Elevated train station RT Fenway  janitors closet in a subway station
Reading about cost of lighting through history: ancient Babylonian 41 hrs of work for 1000 lumen hrs.
Modern American 0.5 second
is now on Twitter!
I meant cheap ones
happy birthday!!!
Did any NBA Journalists or Fans think someone besides LeBron James should have been Named MVP of this past Season?
Same difference.
All I want is you babe.
I have made a few other badges, all on my etsy page.
Gonna make a few other ideas in my head
Big project completed and happy with the results.
Now..
onto more boring mundane items I ignored in the process....
:
almost had a dying kitty!
Who knew that Lilies are poisonous to cats!
Cooper is getting two days of IV treatment at the vet :
Feeling very bittersweet!
Ayé j'ai installé what's app
stay calm, be brave and follow your heart.
if it's overcome by a phone call or a leap of faith, so be it.
I completely agree
William Hung invented twitter RT : Whenever I type Hung it capitalizes it ...WTF
Having a low opinion of yourself is not modesty.
It's selfdestruction.
Bobbe Sommer
Joy the in Holy Spirit  Inexpressible and filled with glory!!
how should we feel about this win?
You know, emotionally..
Per the chart.
Hey all you ppl at sxsw See you next year.
agreed...
crushed...
The best hangover is when you wake up with a sunnyside egg and pancetta pizza in your stomach thanks to Barcento
Anyone coming to Portugal tonight?
not gonna lie steven looked cuute..
is she being mean 2 u
We'll be kicking off our gig at 8:00 tomorrow ahead of the 11:00 game.
Come join us!
Hello!
TGIF Let's see what this day will bring?
I think it will be fun.
Great stuff, my fav is the sportraiture section!
keep the world inspired!!
also just saw the singer is wearing a

RT : Finally home!
Thanks for the memories
yes!!
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER 
Giving an estimate for an apartment complex.
And boy is it!
here at work about to leave at 7.
Y'all back yet?
tell the Dutch Boys whatup!
every time you lie lol love that song
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves.
Sir James Barrie
First ride on a new CTA car  I'm gushy like a teen in 3.
So much space!
Light up rail maps!
Digital signs!
Like, OMG you guys!
With RT First then and now show I love my job but I'm exhausted!
I'm gonna be Red John for Halloween.
Sorry folks, but the Jeremy Lin chat with is canceled due to some unexpected travel issues.
Working to reschedule now!
it's a shame has lost a lot of his fans because of the Jelena situation, he's happy, she's happy, get over it.
Capsule reviews of films playing the week of April 25
Enjoyed my first 4 day weekend of the summer; tried tempeh; didn't straighten my hair, rocked an Afro instead
Emptiness is the first step towards depression.
Elisha Hale
Grateful to share my blessings w/ others.
Magazines to local Dialysis Ctr.
furniture to Salvation Army.
Hope he bring a blak home !
Dear : why did you kill five hookers at SMU?
Wrapping Easter presents.
thanx for the follow pimp
If I don't quote it that's my sht
Bye losers.
I want a pair of Supras.
Tht trip downtown was so worth it
The grizzles gotta hold on...
Just texted you can only stay in the rain if your wearing a white t shirt.
Yup I said that to a girl!
would kill me if she could
Are you ready for retirement?
Most wait too long to plan, risking financial disaster.
Certified financial planers best bet for advice.
i have to wait twelve minutes for my potato skins to cook :
Your mom because its a school night son!
Do your homework!
Haha RT : Who gone run this town tonight ?
Needs his fix.
A gentleman gets starts in baseball!
9745; Look at Camstick 100 thumbsize Protect your home
I hate redundancy and people who repeat themselves.
And on Halloween we can attach him to a remote control car and have him wizz around!
He'll simply be the life of the party
Hey Wisconsin.
Better off doctornkin' than smoking them rocks.
haha the whole day is rehearsal day...
I love it :
13year old girl from Wright Middle school walked away from school earlier today.
Parents say she's about 5'3 with and between 165180lbs.
Sucks for Mariano..
:/ Probably a career ending injury..
:
Have a great Easter Sunday Everyone!
It looks to be a pretty nice day.
www.darlingtoncc.com
Oh hahaha.
Usually watch Friends when sick.
Though usually not now with baby.
But when I can...yes.
Yes.
Or Arrested Develop
Heading to Woodbridge Mall
I hope doesnt have his RT sent to his phone .
That would s u c k k .
Lol
Retweet if you love
Epic Brush Fire
You're the hottest, everybody knows.
;
I'm not even trying to make fun of anyone but we just pooped ourselves because we thought a dog was a bear  it like tried to bite our car.
I could really use someone to talk to.........
TAKE YOUR PICK: Best chance of 300 wins Halladay or Verlander
LMAO!
I like that word ratchetivity im gonna sue it
75 minute Custom Facial for 80
my head aches.
Okay, just ignore me.
That's cool.
youre welcome lol and nice aha :P :
Thanks for the follow.
Good to see you here!
Mustache dude again
Another W!
whats fun for halloween this year?
venue, costume parties etc?
We're at the partner session to learn more about sales effectiveness
I can't wait to introduce both of you to the bottom of my shoe.
The one you will be crushed underneath.
It was in demand  U know how I love my
super super happy to be me ; loving life, blessings to all!!!
tweet me lol
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
Haha imma pussy but you mad cause you can't get it.
Nigga sit yo ass down somewhere.
I meant we love you Arsenal, we do.
Forgot the you in that last tweet
the way miles use to shake his head in disgust at prodata.
Happy to follow up with you.
Pastor Steven does check his msgs.
Thanks for following.
Have a blessed day.
staff
also, the King foundation was paid 800K to license MLK's likeness and words.
Seems odd to me.
I have an idea!
You send Temara here, then Temara, Shawty,  Caitlin can smuggle me into LA!
:
Happy Cinco de Mayo  Sandbar Lounge.
NO Cover.
5 doctornks 4 Brews 1 Pool Table.
710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806.
Liking my MIS classes so far.
I guess it's time to start a new degree.
Triple Double for my second favorite Buck doctorw Gooden.
Atta baby
Okay, who wrote the spilledmilk joke?
you'refired
It is great that the continues to support the grant proposal process, it recognizes how difficult and competitive it is
Jersey Shore kids coming to Atlanta to join the cast of '3 Stooges' Directed by The Farrelly Brothers...INTERESTING!!
I really want to cry over these stupid papers.
WHY.
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical
The cookie monster stole my cookie..
I'm mad at you mal!
Hacked by yo bestie katy: Love ya Xo now gimme my cookie3
Merry Christmas Eve to all and to all a good night.
I hope I don't offend the PC Police and end up in PC Jail tonight, Christmas Eve.
when was the last time I ask YOU to back me up?
All I need and that's if I need them is chuck and Tez they always been there
stop throwing salt in my game.
Happy Saturday!
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success  Napoleon Hill
Name a species of big cat.
Did the Dictator come out?
I need to see that asap 
Cars 2 is a much better movie about automobiles.
Players  don't just be the 1st person to arrive in the gym  be the 1st person to be productive while in the gym.
You win, Sukker Bar.
A life without having Jesus is a difficult one.
MT ...correct.
Civil rights should never be voted on by the majority.
I feel like James Madison covered this, like, 225 years ago.
Good to have ya back!!!
RT : Next stop....
IND
Perfect day here in Seattle.
Just perfect.
Now I just need a hammock and a good book.
you can doctornk some goose 4 tha same reason
Rolling in the deep is on the radio
Doc Rivers on now: He's not hurting himself by playing  I guess I'll put it that way  but he's not healing either.
Back in newyork!!
At the doctorss rehearsal for Frock Out 3 at the Denver Public Library.
It's gonna rock!
I think I'm gonna doctorve myself to port a since every one is deciding to go.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 9
RT I can't wait for the series premiere of Snooki's new MTV show Orange  Pregnant.
The Doris Day CD,My Heart, is selling like hotcakes.
Peter
at Chateau Ste Michelle Winery in WA is my favorite concert of all time.
You made the tipsy 40ish crowd the stage.
Great show.
No the middle class will be no more if mitt romney becomes president.
There goes the big doctoram of any success.
Indonesian ginger chicken and sesame sugar snap peas.
Although prob should be eating leftover soup...
Nick Ashfords passing is a true loss to music.
So I tell myself that I'll be strong  doctoraming when they're gone.
Communication...
The key to a successful business.
Effective tools are what you need, so ensure your telecoms are up to speed!
We still have availability for your April Party!
Give us a call so we can bring the Sound to you!
Watching another great episode of Fringe !
Yeah...
same here.
I'm crazy until the SB is over.
Wish I had the time to enjoy it even a little!
Rosie O'Donnell's on Oprah Winfrey's network has been cancelled after just five months on the air.
the best baby the new place is an phony joint
GOOOODMORNING.
EveryOne Reading This ...
Hopefully you have a Great day 
We're at we see and everything nice in the world too 3
What are the odds that our delayed flight from Portland to Sacramento will be cancelled?
We had to sing our songs in AP Language today.
My group and I did Edgar Allan Poe as the subject and the rhythm was the Hokey Pokey.
With some clearing...many of us start below freezing  there are bound to be some slick spots.
will track it early on!
u ready 4 football soon son?
Take Charge Indy
The weather this morning was perfect.
I love cool fronts.
I have to stop being so fucking nice.
your welcome :
Any teachers out there reading/have read Chew on This?
Would love to exchange ideas.
Thanks!
Game day!
Football menu and beer bucket specials starting at 4pm.
Don't miss the Super Bowl on high def big screens with table top speakers!
nirvana is where its at doe
Wainwright is a perfect balance between small enough to care, but big enough for you to be able to find a branch
Tie and shirt bout to come unloose
Awesome event in the office today.
Thank you so much to Love doctorp and their blogger friends for all your help :
as i
Finally watched Guns N Roses HOF induction.
As Axl said  life doesn't owe you your own personal happy ending  but it was weird without him
I'll get Showtime ghetto, but I won't get this ghetto.
Ahaha I love
My Steam games will launch again someday
Mad excited for the wiz concert 1 more hour
I am thinking of going and seeing Transformers 2 Friday.
I do say that a lot :
Fantastic interview mister Tapscott, amazing information!
lol want me to email it to you ??
Yay!
We made it to Friday!
doctornk up that coffee, finish up that breakfast, and run that last mile a little harder because its a great day!
Top10doctorpa No 3: The apple strudel was an amazing highlight that you are still talking about
You're never too old to run down the stairs, slide across the kitchen floor and stop the microwave at 0:01 as if you're defusing a bomb.
damn, I have no idea.
Most of my friends don't watch it lol
Whatever it is that you've done to me, its a feeling that I want to stay!
we do private parties all the time!
Shoot my manager an email  he can work details out!
His email is
Gotta love myself better than I have been lately.
I deserve it.
Get 100 minutes in the Level 3 Deluxe for 100!
We will be closed from the 2426 for the holidays.
We will open back on Dec 26  5pm.
Happy Holidays!
Mayor Goodall wants Prince George's to be a leader in reducing litter and protecting the Bay watershed.
Say it with ya chest.
Blame it on the tequila.
you were a great facilitator, loved your style!
good to catch up in person a bit.
with austin smith
Excited that is recording a MeettheAuthor Book Reading for today to feature FAULT IN OUR STARS
After all day and 300 my computer is fixed...
woohoo!!!
Back to work.
Let's get shitty.
He's probably got better skills than half the point guards in the game today.
is the MAN.
Can anything be so elegant as to have few wants, and to serve them one's self?
headed to SF for the night.
I stuffed myself w carnitas and am laying in the middle of the bed trying to digest.
Complimentary upgrade to firstclass with your Sandals honeymoon or destinationwedding to Jamaica, Antigua, Saint Lucia, or the Bahamas.
Theres always that one person that makes you smile for no reason.
NW ALL THE FRIDAYS!
get directv man...best thing going...
Stranded here in...Bakersfield
why yes it does, i never thought of it like that.
Im so proud.
lol
Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio...A Wink of Couture www.youtube.com/smashinlashestv
LMFAOOOOOO!
just said nose job!
go sixers that's a team with heart!
he scored 2 TDs and almost won the game ....
Your a raider blah!!
it's not a techie conference...I might be the only geek...lol
RT Be humble or be humbled.
My phone is being a jerk!!!
Someone tell me what's going on!
Life is one big road with lots of signs
dad made my day
RT : Federal Hall will be open this weekend, May 56.
We will have ranger tours, a book reading and fun things for the...
Still not raining!!!WTF
I'm in dat juicy Lambo
sick of my stuff disappearing in this house
I like the idea behind , the turbotax of the college financial aid process.
This will help many families.
Sealing/expungement, child support, rights restoration, elderly services, housing, family law, and so much more TODAY AT GOULDS PARK!
hah thank you !
whats going sir...is your email open for records from a songwriter
Met w/ a few members last night after a great day o meetings 4 Met with synergistic businesses 4 selfdirectedira's
Taking this new opportunity to delete photos from my photostream.
Maybe I should've worn that retainer and listened to what my dentist said when I was younger..
probably would've fixed my jaw
Our next Pro Hoops Review Free Agent camp will be held as a Portsmouth Invitational mini camp on April 1213 2012, tons of scouts committed!
look at prior text
You're welcome!!
When I saw it, I smiled :
thanks for the FF mention!
Same to you, and havea great weekend.
Life can't bring you what you're worthy of till you stop settling for what's not worthy of you.
lil piggy :p
we love U too!
that's what I do when I'm reffing.
I would rather make news than watch it!!
Unless...
Unless nothing!!
What we eating???
It feels so good to get organized.
Aaaahhh...
Is there something in your life that needs organizing?
That's like when you told me to blame something and it came back to me.
come down to , located at the grounds for the BEST that Ireland has to offer on this side of the Atlantic!
loving beer is reason enough to free beer, right?
His name is wonderful!
His name is wonderful!!
Jesus my King!
What a fabulous day full of FB birthday lovethank you so much for making my day even more special!
julie dot larsen at utdallas.edu.
FYI all application and transfer credit ?s go through Admission office.
The worst part about living in Alabama is that it's a million degrees outside and freezing inside
LOTS OF AWKWARD EYE CONTACT.
And he tweeted me happy birthday!
He's just amazing, I can't even.
Based on everything that's happened to me in the past 8 months, I really encourage all my friends not to settle!
doctoram jobs are possible!
One of the cool things about study abroad is you can take courses at some pretty awesome universities and colleges abroad!
Whats good Tricky!
Honey Pig!
I'm so proud of you young one :'
My latest book, Analyzing Monsters  Family Cures The doctorw Peterson Saga was released for sale this week  OnlineRehabClinic.com.
archer is so funny
teen: well, I'll just use one of my other library cards then.
Episode 6  7 Coming Soon.
www.YouTube.com/Guidanceseries www.Troublesumworld.com Big up to  The Entire Massive.
Someone needs to create a Scavenger Hunt Run in NYC.
Even after all these years Pearl Jam still gets it done.
.
.
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life I know you'll be a sun .
.
.
i have published one novel, i write a ton of nonfiction and have my childoctorn's book series coming soon.
YouHadMeAt goodbye!
Glad to see you go!
gah, I WISH I LIVED IN CORKTOWN!
but, yes.
and, yay!
I kno!
Miss ya!
How's it going?
I Look Way Better Than You Boo Thats Why He Second Guessing Like He Been Doing Lol...
so excited to see u on tinychat!!!
wishes that u would follow me someday:::
M speakon cables
Email us!
I.
Dont.
Know.
Exactly.
Leave.
Me.
Alone.
Valentine's themed wines.
Still time to order.
20 off for Twitter users.
Use coupon code VAL001.
www.giftedvine.com
Yep.
Ever see Tim Conway's old man?
That was me leaving the gym after a total lowerback takedown.
Crawling was an option.
The police are here finally.
Interested to see how SAP integration works out.
Been on SAP implementation project for 4 yrs now!
Oh by the way, bassist said he loved playing for us tonight.
Thanks for booking a great band.
I need to stop watching game of thrones I'm soo addicted its not even funny
SHE has blurred the boundaries between sleep and wakefulness.
Otherwise okay though.
Midnight calls :
Sometimes success requires fearlessly jumping in head first without thinking of the risks instead of incessantly planning every moment.
It's about a murder, but no Sydney Prescott in sight damnittoshit is that about the Woodsboro murders?!!
Thx for stopping in!
Swimming laps is 10 bajillion times harder than running miles.
fer serious
Good luck with both your confirmation and getting your braces off today!
I'm so excited for you!!!
I think it costs..
But not much!!
I can't remember..
I've had it since 2010...
I LOVE the mute feature!!
Will there be afternoon tea in Peacock Alley this summer, or does that end sometime this month?
Slightly horrified to realize I am old enough to clearly remember the entire life cycle of this 30yo campaign.
how about instead of tweeting you actually watch it...
isn't that hilarious?
genius to put it in the center of broville.
I just laughed at the caps for picking him up after watching him in FL last season...
I tried SO hard to like him, but god.
Obesity is a condition which proves that the Lord does not help those who help themselves and help themselves and help themselves.
Absolutely....I will hit u up this week and we can talk more :
Very sad to learn of the passing of Roland Trogan.
In the realm of small world, his son was my English professorat Fordham.
Both great guys.
awesome : feel free to flirt with me via twitter all you want.
It will only spark my art.

Can I have one?
i tweeted the same shit without even seeing this RT: I don't know but today looks kinda odd
Free Seminar Tonight at Showbiz Cafe in LA w/ and Starts at 6:30pm.
Getting my hair cut..
Bout time
Continued from last tweet I wish a player did what ochocinco did for that fan for me would be great:
Back in the USSA!
The Granados are all posted up at Poli's on Ironwood and Ocotillo....Happy early birthday to our niece Bianca Corona
McCormickSchmick's power networking lunch downtown...throwin back some Tbones right quick
Finished off a decent homemade hard cider last night.
1 gal.
unfiltered apple juice, bunch of sugar, and 1 nottingham ale yeast, 2.5 weeks
Dont know why but i woke up with walking death today.
Hope its just a 24 hour thing!
urgh
We're going to be posting more videos from the Phorum12 cloud conference.
Stay tuned!
here in indiana, would prefer common sense party rather than tea party
i been talking in an English accent n haha its fun but dad doesnt like it but i really love that English accent 3
Today is a good day my Packers gonna show all u haters y we the Champs!
All u Lions a bit salty it shows yall aint on our level!
GnY!
RT :  devlearn 'the Smart Worker thrives on autonomy'  encourage  enable, don't try to command  control
Truth RT Virgo's are the Ferrari of the zodiac signs, it doesn't get any better than them!
Cool!
It will get easier as time goes on.
Thanks for the follow Sen !
awwe feel better love 
what is up!!!
im down:
By Don Bapst having stuff read by actors, it's like a wet doctoram here.
Join us next month  Wed June 6 at 9pm ET.
Topic: Facebook.
Find out what to do w Timeline  ur biz pg!
I meant tweet an essay called An Integral Take on the Blues Idiom shortly.
beauty and the beast nowplaying on
Just got back from Chipotle loved it.
Now about to go clean my room and watch Jersey shore on demand
It may be time to start car shopping soon.
The hardest thing I'll ever have to do...
:
Jumping up and down on my bed then falling off...
Sweet .
This rain hella thick
It's a rainy day in Austin and I'm feeling nostalgic.
Woke up in so much pain...agggh i have so much time left...December ain't coming fast enough
good :D
could you give me a shoutout ??
great meeting you too!
glad you enjoyed your first spreecast.
At the airport, 30 of the people look like Mad TV characters.
I think after a while you realize that you gotta just enjoy everyday like you have no more.
what's your cats name?
Heading up to Washington DC.
Multilateral organizations love them some Agile Taxonomies.
where at?
Just wanna sleep.
Heavy night for Rob : Lindy Fix 810 tonight at PCH.
Lesson by Rob and Alaina with DJ Rob.
Bal II lessons start with Rob and Zoe 6:45!
gimme something old school, ditty by paperboard maybe?
Appreciate the Twitter support, too!
Thanks!
Derby picks: Alpha and Gemologist.
Long shot plays: El Padoctorno and Prospective.
Members Card Braves ML
Hey !!
That's awesome!
Where did you run into Demetri at?
Consider the carbon footprint of the physical book.
William Gibson in conversation last night w/Doug Copeland
Yee bday tomorrow wish me a great one!
Tell everybody follow that youngn Kc Halley that can be my present ahah
Having a random But good conversations with !
I'm confused, too.
seems like you can.
is channeling Rihanna in her professorle picture!
cheers to that.
You finished all the dances?!
Aw, yay!
I want to see them!
Show me during lunch, yeah?
Beef and barley soup for mondayfunday tonight!!
Talls for smalls and as always intervention and hoarders!
False Brittish Accents playing the Wedge tomorrow nt and friday is Walri w/ Christine Grace.
Brooks has Domestic Violin and Ben Lawler.
This meeting has been going on for 3 hours and 20 minutes!
it's going to be very hard for him to wake up every morning, and have any energy left for practice being beside you lol...
Ya valieron los procrastinators
Love how TNT shows what viewers want to see.
Showed woman walking on the court in Denver last night, Jordan's lipreading tonight.
lol omg.
I love you
Worked all day today an loved it another busier day tomorrow can't wait love my family and my life 3
Yup.
Her voice gave me goosebumps it was so pure.
: raises an eyebrow You can't be!!
You'll make everyone else depressed too!
And yea THAT
jump on the fluentbus at SXSW tonight hitting all the major parties for free doctornks and a lift!
Huge series win vs texas !
Pacers played very well against Celtics in regular season and would beat the 76ers
Birthday week whatsupwhatsup ; !!!
Got home and changed into sweat pants and put up my hair .
I'm exhausted and should be sleeping.
Instead, I'm looking at pictures of NC/trying to find NC vintage shirts.
I'm obsessed with that state.
Mike Woodson says Lin is out tomorrow cause he's not medically ready
i so recommend to go to YouTube n put wassabi u may ask who r they the go they r cool guys
you didn't see my face tho
It's always a good feeling when you unintentionally prompt change within your organization/workplace
I love her.
Do you love someone aswell?
is that a high end model?
thank you
Tweet now.
The answer is on the front page of the , what is the headline about Japan?
Win !
RT
BOYCOTT  TAmisterN LENSES  they do not honor their warranties.
Customer service stinks.
I'm totally PISSED!
Sure happy to!
:
Good morning everyone happy Tuesday
wut u claimin I have doctorma etc.
Um yea nobody play wit me like that ppl love to use bs like that to start shit so no
why did u stop competing?
:
that venue is gorgeous!
it was lightning and they were trippin......
Then u start the Convo then
It matters more what's in a woman's face than what's on it.CLAUDETTE COLBERT
Working on a marketing plan.
What are you working on today?
itll be 1030 here when it starts.
And i work in the morning.
Ill probably fall asleep at half time
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses
Thanks for coming to the GYGO orientation at !
Can you give me a rundown of all the variations of Bromance/Love You Seek?
There seem to be 50 diff.
ones they play on BPM.
IM TRYING AH!
Procrastination is the DEVIL lol....
Shiz i say girl
John Lucas or George Lucas?
That was a makeshift ending, folks.
Beth couldn't continue.
Med school  is so expensive...I really don't think my scholarships will cover it :L
I think is a BAD Bitch !
I Love Her ..
Terrible day : ready to go home!
RT : Game 1 of SpursJazz series will be Sunday; Time TBA
I really enjoyed the 10 ways to use Twitter...
article you wrote for salary.com.
Great read, it's the reason I'm here!
Not sure.
It may be a minute.
absolutely.
Especially with a commish who is so adamant about player safety.
fuck sleep IM AWAKE
I don't need to watch the meeting AGAIN as I was there for the entire meeting live.
I'm literally so tired that I can't even do anything right now
: Look what Mercy's overcome, Death has lost  Love has won I am His because he is ALIVE Happy Easter!
It's May, suppose to heat up to the 80's the rest of the week  how happy does that make you?
Heading off to a game of poker, then possibly meeting a friend for a 3 beer at Toronado
I did not have that much fun last night for me to have broken my shoe lol
Hey when's the last time SI picked the mets for last place in the east?
2002?
Happy Monday everyone!
Hope your day is going well so far :
I haven't seen the cologne.
I think any tutorial will get its fair share of scrutiny and praise.
At least you shared one!
And that's the ball game, way to battle Pedoctor Strop
Listening to Up All Night makes me feel like I'm in another world.
It makes me happy when I'm down, and I love it.
':
Oh yeah I immediately unsubscribe 'em when I realized it but still annoying that it's the default.
You pay a bunch up front for the insurance, you pay a deductible, then they only cover 80 of your cost when it's in network?
hot  sour, cold noodle ,
Hate it when my dad controls Mothers day.
.
And Matthew and I cannot do anything for our mom.
SALUTETHEDJ NETWORK SEND YA BEST SHIT 2 TO BE HEARD ON A UP N COMING BRAND
tells us about his random meeting of All because of twitter!
Three party weekend.
The place was packed and the party rocked!
Success seems to be connected with action.
Successful people keep moving.
They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Conrad Hilton
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love traffic
U right!
Its gonna be a long hot summer  we should be together 3 keith urban
I LOVE COTTON CANDY!!!!!
Beginning of Clayton Hamilton Jazz Orchestra tour in Luxembourg.
Sold out tomorrow.
Leaving for Lucerne on Sunday.
sold out there too.
that's beautiful those memories !
I feel a lil bit excited every time CalJake say Michael Harrington.
if only you guys were playing closer I could have a double concert tonight.
We are opening for The Milkstains and JEFF The Brotherhood!
February 12th 8av 10door music at 9pm
It was all about the boots this session
Only reason they are not butchering Surfer Girl is cuz Adam Levine's voice is kind of okay for that song
STOP WHAT YOU DOING RIGHT NOW  DOWLOAD NEW
I had so much fun with udesign team at swoc !!
Have a Good Night and sleep with the angels
I might also watch Parking Wars, Law  Order: Special Victims, Bull Riding, or something.
I wanna watch a lot of things.
Haha
very close except that my figure is for all of NYC not just Manhattan which would be the equivalent of Central London I guess
Why me what have I done
Feeling like I didn't get any sleep last night
That free throw missed in regulation is going to be the 1st topic tomorrow
I hope yeen talm bout cuz he look good
Just now seeing your message.
I will try to get a contact for you tomorrow, good sir.
Good morning!
Who's coming to see Decoder, Us From Outside, In Other Words, Call it Karma and more this Sunday at The Pike Room?!
Try some steel cut oatmeal for breakfast.
Great fiber and reduces cholesterol.
Come on, you know poptarts are not food :
RocBeer Social  Half Pint to start tonight.
Abilene's Pro Jam we sponser to close it.
Yeah, that's how we roll.
and we are o go for operation bannana monkeymeatwad lmmfao!
Thank you Tweethearts for nice wrds for my .05 sec of fame  for the twitpics of my shining moment 
The Web has made snail mail seem old fashioned and inefficient.
Weve got text messages, Tweets and email to communicate with customers, ri
In order to get what you want, you have to know what you deserve and it usually doesn't come from someone who has hurt you once before.
hmm hopefully not the walk cause I don't want blisters!
Omg I'm looking forward to loling at that!
3
Patrick Cudahy fire update.
Command is preparing for an ammonia leak from refrigeration system.
It's Twitter.
You can never 'tweet' too much.
This isn't Facebook.
watdafuckilooklike?
UndercoverBoss Australia is on..
I only watch it because of the 'Australia'.
thinking of going toe shoes but may not be secure enough in my manhood yet.
See you later 
even THEN that shit wasn't for you, it was for Celeste.
Cause she said I wouldnt say it to her face.
So I did.
Didn't do shit.
ready to listen to talk about need to allow attendees to doctorve own experience.
is gorgeous 3  his voice makes me melt ; love you3
lol i just died a little inside seeing this 3
In case you missed it, Anthony Bennett told Scout: Shabazz and I have been talking.
I cant say what it is, but it might happen.
thanks!
To much is given, much is required smile!
Have a blessed day!
Yeah I'm down, let me get back to you this weekend to see if I have to work or not.
Does anyone know of any systematic studies on the social impact of social enterprise/entrepreneurship?
HAHA right in the middle of the ocean though...
Studying  the Library !
Math midterm tomorrow xx
I checked into a cafe on foursquare and it said it was a strip club.
I just wanted to openly verify that I did not go to a strip club today.
na ima treat you like you treated me so you can see how annoying it really is
New Year's is a harmless annual institution, of no particular use to anybody save , and friendly calls and humbug r.
Mark Twain
what is it???
Lol
Haha, the Huskies have hit two 3's and they haven't shown either of them.
vs giants!
Let's do this.
I'm gonna be doing the discount doublecheck dance all damn day!
I'm at Auditorium Shores in Austin, TX for the huge music fest  the Shins are up now and they are awesome!

Yeen NEVER To Old To Watch LION KING .
u ready for tonight pimp??
Choose to have a great weekend!
BE CHOOSEY
Can you imagine a world without men?
No crime and lots of happy, fat women.
Is that a tightend?
I didn't know the Ducks or the Beavers even had those!
do you happen to be in Miami.
I am and it seems like it rains at least 5 days a week hear.
See's Candies, you're killing me.
Didn't you say you were arriving by today?
Little heart boxes, don't break my girls' little hearts.
Good luck New Zealand have a great Rugby World Cup hope it all goes well for you.
Cheapest ticket for Evita tonight: partial view, over 120.
What?!
So there is a precedent for this behavior by ringside physicians?
PSA shoot in Madison Square Park today  should be an interesting one...
Ok so like follow me cuz I'm a Directioner and I follow back and stuff
On Santa Monica beach going for a run
I heard these shots on our hill.
Not good.
RT : When you kinda sorta just wanna see that one person
HAVE A SAFE AND FUN TRIP
A reporter just told me I'm good at my job.
Chuffed.
I am on there.
Welcome to 1Direction Academy!
I'm your math teacher misterMalik.
Now how many mirrors does it take to get every angle of my face?
like 20 days of school left.
then i'm finally a senior.
Yeah, I'm watching my DVRed Ellen DeGeneres because EmmaStone is on.
So what?!
Left NY move to Ohio lets see was Supp up here
I have decided that I am neither cat nor dog person.
I am a wildflower gal.
speaking the truth!
In a world where everyone tries to be who they're not, the best way to stand out is to be yourself!
Thanks for the super awesome FF.
Did you see/like The Avengers?
ok made the mac n cheese now lookin for some friends in my area help me
wat kind of gun u gone shoot I got a 40 .
I will : I'm going to sanfansicoco : haha I can spell pshh
: The Blues and Sharks are scoreless after one period in Game 5.
The Blues are outshooting San Jose 73.
bluesplayoffs
Wishing you and those you love all the good fortunes of life, health, happiness and peace throughout the New Year!...
Also!
Alameda county is the second most diverse county in the US.
Lmao!
: Lol!
RT Chris Brown hits her, Eminem lies to her, doctorke can't remember her name  The life of Rihanna
For my presentation tonight at HMNS, I get to show my slides on an IMAX screen.
Never done that before.
follow the
The Internet wants to take Friday off early...
MT : got this msg while browsing: You have reached the End of the Internet
Go STEELERS!!!
So blessed by and her joy!
Just uploaded the picture...so excited!!!
LOL
please follow jadens army!
3 its his first official one!
3 GOGOGO !
tell your followers to also3xxx
has our vote for funny commercial of the year with their anger eyepatch ad.
HILARIOUS!
Seeing Michael Musto riding his bike down 5th Ave always makes me smile.
and I have to be up by then!
:S aaaaahhhhh!
I'd try to sleep now but that won't work
Thanks.
All the cousins are very close.
They aren't sure how to handle the news yet.
Religion class is great cuz i get to watch ppl slowly freak as objections to their chosen argument for Gods existence hit too close to home
Hammond: for most part, roster is in tact.
Have interest in Ersan and Carlos.
So jealous of her accent lol
Shut up , No i dont i come in the house whenn i feel like it !
What got you HERE, won't get you THERE.
All invited.
NuclearFree Planning meeting TOMORROW Saturday March 19th, 11 AM VFW in Boone.
Spread the word!!
Girls can't wear cutoffs to sports practices anymore??
Thanks alot volleyball team
i can be your mexican.
Bentley  I are both feeling bad /:
love me
is following me around pigeon forge.
I am ready for the weekend.
Relaxation is top priority this weekend.
I need to recharge for next week.
RT : See the type of good habits you learn from working :
stumbled across a senate hearing for a supreme court nominee on NY1 and can't turn it off.
watching Scott Pilgrim right now..
this rules!
Duhh Sidney...
we do it on purpose!
Anybody in NYCmetro area going to the Giants' parade tomorrow?
Thats not TSwift's real Twitter..
I should know because were best friends.
But I'll put in a good word for you.

Yes sir.
Always a good time!
I'm having another deep run right now in a 5k GTD...still about 30 from the money but I'm in a good spot.
I'm gay.
That'll be cool!
Thanks!
thanks man:
Shove 'em off!
Work with the motivated.
Hope your speech went well today.
As long as you like the heat Disney is the place to be.......Cold front has yet to arrive!
Scrambling..goinnngg all the way?...no because the damn rams have be cheating lint lickers
Nope, I stick with the best glass by BW and Hoya for ND and circular polarizing.
If I was on a budget, I'd go with Tiffen.
So I should delete that comment then?
That is a clever one!
I wonder if apple cider vinegar really is a cure all.
went in at the Cincinnati concert.
Good shit
I call the advertisers my partners if they add real value to www.thecoupondeal.com I love saving money to our followers, that's our moto.
Check out the 2 Hott new singles!
Lay Back and OuterSpace.
Stop by show some love let us know what you think!
: Tweet nueskesham to enter today's ham giveaway...winner chosen at noon!
happy teacher appreciation week to you too!
why put your tongue on the roof of your mouth while doing situps?
Help people do what they already want to do  BJ Fogg
And a trapper keeper.
RT : Do we also get matching three ring binder and pencil sharpener?
Oh, Tiger Eyes, too!
That was one of my fave booksand still one of the few good YA books that takes on racial issues.
o do tell!!!
What's going down?
Taped a message for Indiana's educators with my good friend Jim Davis this morning.
Next up: Season Opener in Connersville.
I would order the fight tonight, but the way Bank Account is setup....
lol
but what does any of that have to do with work ethic?
So much for happily ever after.
That shit only happens in fairy tales.
Your stand up is hilarious and keeps me occupied while editing photos.
TheNothingFight is the best.
Late Night Vibing Out To This
Facetious!
But it's amazing that someone would expect that.
waaaaaah.
I swear I just uploaded the wrong photo first!
did u pour the shot or was it some hangover type shit going down
DJ Cyn at Cecilias Tonight!
I start  10pm come say what up!!
Excuse me, Obsessed with your commercial  your burritos.
And I'll add you to my blogroll as well
See you
Happy 25 Birthday
I've been living down the street from since like 2000 and never see her lol weird right?
NO COFFEE?
ooh now i see...
aha
Today was my last day of school, and now I don't know what to do with all these pairs of pants..
appreciate the RT.
: 

is now taking the floor.
'We intend to be the epicenter for Cybersecurity.' GB2SV
Make sure you all follow and support
My mom just said bananas are one of the most unhealthy things you could ever eat.
wtf, no.
USA Today RT : Who should ppl follow for the best SCOTUS coverage today?
having hired people with skills but no will has burned me a bit.
Guitarist try out tomorrow.
Exciting!
kitchen cabs get in?
by : we need Leon Powe !!
What are they thinking !
He helped out big time, especially when KG was out !
when are you ganna be here
RT : I am guessing I would save 5 a day on buying bottled water from the vending machine
wow that's s long time..
:/
crap.
I sent it the same time as my family's.
They got theirs last wk
omg.
allergies.
omg.
She's always sweet to everyone.
So true, Victoria Justice is very sweet and legendary  :
So so so glad, that we get a day off tomorrow!
He needs to cut his damn hair so he won't waste time pushing it out of his eyes first!
I've been down so long it can't be longer still.
I've been down so long that the end must be doctorwing near
Hot waitresses at mojitos 437 esplanade.
And frenchman.
Live jazz.
Tonight.
Rum bar food too
You coming at my guy all wrong see.
I have no idea what that means.
Your girlfriend is 6?
Man you have some problems.
whoa, what a crazy thunder storm/
Finally inside the White House.
Beautifully decorated for the holidays.
1986, what happened?
We're not there, yet.
But hope to be!
Top Gun RT : What's your favorite childhood movie?
Go!
ha thanks!
Keep me posted.
I totally love this idea.
im loving new york....its unreal
Hi friends
Relax on this cloudy Friday with a nice cup of tea!
Check out our sale items and our new teaware!
still looking for Production, let me know

there's a 5 in the morning too?!
I still got dem roids if you looking.
haha it's just one game I'm cool with it bro...appreciate the concern tho
We just finished up a casting call for another doctor Muzik Video Production to be directed by misterHollywood/ !
morning ya'll!
Update on My doctorcleaner fire in Little 5 Points: cause of fire to be released next Tuesday.
No claims until then.
Our lives become the stories that we weave.
Someone reminded me tonight that You are in an open field has the same theme.
I'm gonna miss my roomie :
why must i always get hungry at this time?
i just ate a bag of pizza rolls!
well...time to go to taco bell.
you shoulda called!!!
I miss your face!!
Had huge national commercial audition yesterday.
And today got a part in a short.
Not bad......
When life gives you lemons, throw them back and demand Austin Mahone!:
Maybe he wants to be.
Is this you?
Were at 4  's concert at 730p.
Stop  enter for tix for  Sun at
Oh come on !
Rt : lets go
If Jesus came back today, many Christians would call him a dirty hippy and tell him to get a job.
ows tcot spirituality Put GOD FIRST
Uhm, not so much.
Teaching  Rainbow Art Glass tomorrow : Fused Glass Pendants!

It is easy to unfollow
I'm bringing my own ketchup to school.
Man these airport screenings are more personal than a routine physical...whatever...it was cold!
Off to
yay!
Glad we caught you in time.
See you tomorrow!
Wish I stayed home from school today.
Just realized I've spent the last 6 days, everyday, pissed off because of other people!!!
What happened to live and let live??
Amazon just emailed that my copy of Insurgent has shipped!
Hope they told my boss that I'll need Wednesdy off!
hahaha MISS YOU!!!
right now so we are having sushi at the same time but in different states!!!
:
who is Wickett?
/trolls off into the sunset
Sitting waiting wishing.
Not too long to wait i guess.
i wonder if anyone saw my jokes...
I seriously don't know what I would do without netflix lmao
thanks Katie!
60 run to end it gives Terps a huge win over Hopkins.
96 Maryland.
Emotional.
Electric.
Instant classic!
Bulldog
Best doctorssed so far: Charlize Theron and Jessica Alba
I want to beat IT, I can finally get to my twitter again!
Hello world!
I see broads are looking like frauds / Well I don't mind / I don't want the p if its just to occupy your time
I'd love nothing more than 2 play a villain in a wellwritten movie!
What about y'all?
And what r u doing to make these doctorams come true?
On the verge of death
Hi Scott: I have a free pass to ASTD tomorrow.
Are you still in Denver?
Maybe a coffee?
Mark
great seeing you and at the Hunger Games Premiere!
The US doesn't have the right to impose its imperialism on the rest of the world.
It's coming back to haunt us.
ur pretty and nice and he's hot and nice!
Psh can't be tht hard!
I play matchmaker all the time!
haha I trust him.
It's you that I don't trust.
Logan always seems to get excited whenever you're around.
Agreed.
RT : If you've never seen Nacho Vigalondo's TIMECRIMES, it's on Netflix Streaming  I highly recommend you check it out.
you gotta door, you gotta gym.
With moves like THA FREAK, and THA SUPER FREAK!!
cannot believe got followed by Yes, I'm jealous!
I never thought when I joined this I would have as much fun as I'm having now
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs Because of the media
Jury: Google infringed on Oracle copyrights.
Fuck it!!
I do what I want.
Tykese your going to be okay
you guys are gonna have a great time down there
Fuck what anyone else thinks, do what makes you happy.
Rainy  stormy...I must get some ice cream.
what do you mean?
More then just 'get to the quarterback'?
Damn this Dos XX is so yummy!
The new vinyl window stickers for your cars are here at the command center !
Just picked them up and they look amazing : Heath
And the Mustang is out of storage.
I'm proposing to him today.
You should file a formal complaint w/ CLT Community Relations and stay tuned RT explain because i was discriminated against too
helc12 32 of students report communication with instructors is a problem
By any other name would smell as sweet.
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare
I've seen like 5 or something idek they're just so cute  yes omg it makes me so happy
yes...
but in a car.
Had to get to a meeting.
Oh she a triflin bitch Kimani's voice
The morning's musical theme is 90's flashback, starting with Eagle Eye Cherry and The Wallflowers.
Excellent.
which one?
not jelly anymore lol
what r people saying about justin
At the Getty.
Eating...
Of course.
your time has begun!
Great new report from on models for commcollege performance funding
Pampering day with
Hey Cleveland come see at Cleveland International Film Festival!
Thanks for your work tonight Good work.
If we could only have a workout in a bowl.
hahah yup that's fopo for ya
What's with the hot spot on Fox?
Wade want this bad
sure,u first :y
bengals are on fire!
Pretty happy with what's going on.
Can't wait for the doctorft!
Let's hope mubb gets one now.
BREAKING: there has been a shooting on Cal campus near Haas
Happy 2nd birthday to our CEO, Madeline Adams!
Everything does pay off  eventually
Opel denies that German jobs at risk if PSA develops new Zafira minivan General Motors Co.'
do you think that if Marvin keeps playing like he is would a joe or josh and Marvin for dwight be a possibility?
Admire your tenacity mistere!
Through it all and your light keeps shining!
yeah, I guess they were doing maintenance on the building.
I noticed tons of police, helicopters etc on my way to the train.
It's OK.
We were waiting for you, so nothing big happened
Some of Firehook's older customers will no doubt remember our very first store, on Lee Street, one block up from the Old Town waterfront.
Come Monday Onedozen Jumbo Buffalo Chicken Wings for 8.99 with your choice of sauce
anyone have any favorite band blogs they read?
Sorry you've had a negative experience.
We'd be happy to walk you through our support system.
Can we give you a call?
Orlando getting did Memphis damn....
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
why wont you get it back
I'll be awake ALL NIGHT I'm sure!
Too much on television, Plus ...
I haven't eating yet and I'm STARVING!!!
:
Always here for you, my friend.
Psyched to follow your journey!
Real talk
they a good time
Yay!
No longer barefoot!
RT Left fab shoes  Hotel Palomar DC a few weeks ago, called  they sent them to me!
Love that staff!!
Spinners up 42 despite Constitution annoying fans and their doctorms
is anything happening with that?
Happy birthday.
And is Challenge Nation paying to send you to New Orleans?
dam its been a min
but why am I always constantly being a jackass when it comes to guys...
Just woke up , cause i was hot lol
WINNER doctorWN AT RANDOM TODAY!
Enter to win 2 nts in our penthouse: follow, tweet your fave thing about SF.
Include SleepwithFrank!
The days are long but the years are short.
Gretchen Rubin
Yes for the standing O!!!
Thanks for the RT, have a great weekend!
Happy National StudentAthlete Day to all of our incredible Baruch varsity studentathletes!
GO BEARCATS!
I'm working!
Gennaro's 5 North Square in the North End right off Hanover on corner of Prince St.!
Happy Valentine's Day!
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
42
My cousin thinks hot shirtless guys are disturbing and ew.
She's 14..
It was funny, but the movie as a whole was buns!
The story line was terrible.
Having fun with the FBI Van 29 SSID on my mifi at the Marriott bar...
First day of summer and it already sucks.
Great.
'One Shining Moment' is probably the biggest oneday only song this side of 'Auld Lang Syne'.
Wrote another new song!
get ready hehe
this is a bad thing?
wanna meet me somewhere
Is it in PDF format?
Sitting here w/ my Hubby .
Good times .
I already did:
which one?
.
What do you mean by Kathleen needs to pronounce her 'g's in your debate analysis?
Groceries!
Best day :
I want to go paintballing..
Or whatever the action for paintball is.
I made the varsity cheer squad!
Yay!
No, shut the fuck up high schoolers
Well said Dave Grohl
I need to make some more, refine ones I've made.
A promise: there'll be no Britney Spears or well, anything probably has.
App vs mobile site?
People expect more from apps, updates a pain, platforms an issue
Problem with your car?
don't want to keep fixing your car?We Buy Brokencars Or MechanicalProblemscars!Free Quotes!www.fastcash4carsnow.com
RIP L1C4.
Shouldn't Cards be a bubble team?
Best win against a bad Vandy team at home in OT w/o Festus.
What's their best win?
Today's Austin Wine Salon: tasting through 45 Italian whites from great producers like Gaja, Tua Rita, Antinori and more.
Can't wait!
I love this artist and his paintings of cacti!
Wish I could see them in person!
Yes, Alaska and Antarctica are hopeless situations.
You're welcome.
Thanks for playing our tune Pins and Nails on your show!!!
Can't run Conley into the ground.
We need a reliable backup.
Really miss tweeting with you Carli : This is how we got our start after all.
I hope you're feeling much better tonight!
:
city have launched an investigation into the death of a man who was called in for questioning about deadly blasts in the city last week.
Merry Christmas Eve!!!
Thank you for a great night, you can't understand how much I needed it
you will3
brb my mind is exploding.
it's been my limited experience that childoctorn enjoy working if you couch it as a game
: : something to cure depression?
Rose Quartz I'm dying laughing.
Love you
Didn't know doing my tax return can be so much fun.
Not.
Agree, SO lovely RT So gorgeous  and those floors...swoon!
RT awww....
good design!
bit.ly/xdUTBP
I'm watching three teenage girls!
God help me!
These little punks are trying to hit on my daughter!
One of them is about to lose his teeth!
I need to go hard these next few weeks.
I want to see Beyonce on the 1st.
I need to get some see Beyonce tickets.
So last minute.
43 New Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
Someone should petition to rename The Good Wife to The Guest Stars.
Maybe we should ask Bill Lawrence for advice?
: from the gate keeper.
Great Show!
Coming together is a beginning.
Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success.
Henry Ford

a great dinner in store this Sat.
at
So, did you do anything to commemorate MLK Day yesterday?
If so, what was it?
Weekend Dinner Special: Citrus Herb Grilled Tuna Steak served with julienne vegetables in a citrus herb butter and roasted potatoes.
14
1/2 price martinis every night all summer long at the Scholars Inn, beginning Tuesday May 8th!
Plz rt
girl you know I'm always here for ya:
I'm trying to describe to how horrendous my poop will be.
I just don't have enough adjectives or metaphors to describe it.
:
hope Newco let's you keep your frequent flier miles.
Follow to gain followers god morning san diego' ,
I am so happy it's Friday.
It seemed to come much quicker than last week!
Hi and We would like to donate a car2go gift bag for 4sqdaySD DM us if it is not too late!
I lost a bro today I love you boy and cant want to see you again in heaven RIP Austro you will always be in my heart!!
Love Cole
I like the second one
got my CD in the mail!
Again, thanks so much for the freebie :
hi Luan!
i Love ur videos and u!
ur soo funny!
u crack me up every video!
RT?
Follow?
LOVE YA!
YOU TELL ME RT : What's the plan
are you at the AHA?
thank you for the awesome party on Saturday!
Had a blast!
Really looking forward to what you guys have coming up next
Thank you for that!
I was sitting here trying to get motivated to start my day and that was a good kick start!
Thanks so much!!
yeah Ik /: but I'm not going to hate
My life is just beginning, but I have no path to take.
what made it great?
:
I mean, that's cool and all, but this sort of seems like it might be an historic event.
First piece of ILA equipment in space?
There is FREEDOM for ALL!
Every tribe, every nation, every color, and every social class.
Everyone.
Hope your audition went well!
Good luckenjoy your lunch  run.
:
Zip tie affair at
daddy's home from the hospital :D
Birdman of alcatrazRT : What was the nickname of convict Robert F.
Stroud?
Sorry for not chatting much.
I'll try to do that more this weekend.
...went to see Dale Watson tonight...checking out some free shows this next week.
Seeing any cool bands?
Woo!!!
Heck yeah!
Go Hoosiers!
RT : IU  U of I
I guess my real question is, can I do the same?
Whatever bet i'd have a better chance then u l.o.l
genomesolver curenet breakout group on vetting std data.
reminds me of wikipedia cautions this entry needs...
Excellent PR and linkbuilding talk from BuzzStream founder Jeremy Bencken Beta coming soon.
Hash browns and coffee, the best start to a day.
One man's Voltaire is another man's Screech.
Dennis Miller
Watchin The Cleveland Show.
Smh this makes no since haha
Follow please?
c:
Offer friends and family a savory starter to remember.
Our homemade appetizers never disappoint!
yall i thought i was going to being on the moring news, yall just dnt know baby!
The auditorium in the law school is so nice.
These chairs are so comfy.
30,000 a year for law school at Moritz goes far
I think you mean dibs.
Lol
speaking of usc, u pick us or clemson?
how ya feelin today girl?
Hahaha
4th quarter.
The heat is on
I tried and now seeing it didn't work so I give up
Aw I miss you too !
c:
Traffic in Miami
Cowley says website shows deal between swim body and D39;Arcy
You don't know you're beautiful.
The Ponalo Lounge is the shit.
GOAL!!!
Marcio Liete with the power play goal tying the MISLChampionship game once again
Rappers are always late
Three AGHPX250PJ and many other Panasonic products.
How do we get permission use your Logo in our print material?
We assume Alex is saying his likes us most.
RT :
I wanna lay in her hair
Going where?
lol
pettitte's out of retirement!
and home opener is the day thesis is due...i think thats a sign.
Thank you for the follow.
Look forward to many tweets with U.
Tweet me N E time.Have a wonderful week!
MARDI GRAS....UM SO WHAT YOU GONE DO FOR DEM BEADS SHAWTY..JS
imma text you.
yeah, why?
A prayer is not a plan.
Each has their place, but don't confuse the two.
What happend to your ride?
Shades of grey going up on the walls at LF Hair Studio!
Can't wait to see the finished product!
jtfo.
One day but today is not that day
You're amazing..
c:
Big changes happening in my life.
yes lol.
There's a data  analysis packet that's separate I found it in my bag .
You're welcome, Melissa.
You're a fantastic resource.
It's our pleasure.
I think I'll start the presentation with a joke.
VHS, BetaSP, and Umatic walk into a bar.
yada yada yada BAR FIGHT!
go occupy your butt
.I got school today :
oh, i see you saw my email.
you REALLY need to get over the clinton hill/crown heights thing.
remember, i am always right.
China has over 952 million mobile subscribers!
Wow!
Excellent.
Enjoy!
We get paid from an inline bonus pool.
Retail in store.
Online.
Direct Sales.
Corporations.
And we can sponsor entire corps N2 our team.
Getting the Hulk tattoo would feel like the devil burning my flesh off with needles dipped in alcohol then sand papering the wound.
Paul george is that man tho
It's full of crazy stuff!
consider it done
Royals fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
bless u

Calling all Cars...
Reha coming to SF, LA...
Can you arrange a car?
and a
Just got twitter!
One of my new fav pranks
Refuse to sleep!
I am so excited!
Can't wait to see you darlin'!
I'd rather fuck you
I can't wait to get it.
It's on preorder, for next week I believe.
Paths are made by walking.
Franz Kafka
Singer Marc Bolan would have turned 64 today.
He died in a car accident in 1977.
good food, good friends.
Great fun.
Excellent cause.
Kevin Durant hates doodle jump
The new iPhone article reader format is money, making it so much easier to consume information quickly.
damn, I caught the best sleep last night.
:
Parisisburning  hands down one of my top 3 favorite documentaries.
So real and so inspiring.
Big hug.
Thnx.
littleknownfact athletes and rappers are not the only african americans making money.
Anyone have a student created Google Presentation to share?
I have a presentation tomorrow and I'd like to show it off.
yes.
I'm still sick now :
tacos are for tuesdays
Help me add 'likes' to this page.
Share on your wall please.
And thank you.
I hope to one day attain the lack of accountability that virtually every leader, lawmaker and CEO enjoys.
heather and I are going all three days is going to be awesome...I left you a message a few days ago asking if you were going
Stressing and obsessing is not my style.
I was raised to say fuck you, with a high class smile :
Just saw , aka Mini Me, at a restaurant in Hollywood.
I'm on that feel good shit
yes!
and would love to hear your thoughts on gender, technology and libraries.
Why yes we did.
A few of them IMHO.
Don't ask for advice  still complain.
woohoo!
Happy early birthday!!!
:
Thanks to all that came out for our SonomaInTheCity tasting last night, and happy WineWednesday!
Ended the evening w/board games.
The Boy won Monopoly.
The Girl won Candy Land.
Everybody that has a jersey, put the letters ROD behind the name and wear it.
bushrod is stayin
And the frosting for the cookies could be Amaro, Hudson, Lofi, Earlybird, Sutro...
Donald doctorver has the moves!
Before any of these other female rappers were even thought of, was there..
And spitting some of the realest shit!
FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING FUCK!!!
GO CHOKE ON A BAG OF BABY DICKS STUPID NORTHERN CUNT!!!!
yur a brunette again :D 3
Just go with it is fucking hilarious ohshitonme hahahahaha
The world outside looks so unkind.
someone tell my dog she ain't a cat
Do or Do Not.
There is no try.
Yoda.
New york rangers fans goin crazy
Are we going to see an iPad/HD version of Wunderkit anytime soon?
omg so am I that was freakin hilarious between the two of them
Another new tagline for the Internet ANTFTI: The Best Info Feed Money Can Buy
yes definitely
my real concern with bbc prog.
ont.
is working with raw/archival materials..
not that you can't do it, but maybe a little funny?
Someone just subscribed to my FriendFeed.
WTF is a FriendFeed
I know this sounds...corny but whenever I have a problem..I turn to God and he helps me through the problem holds Rosary
Awful accomplishment : For the first time in nearly four years, the U.S.
government took in more money than it spent last month.
can u bring into the stadium an adidas cinch sack?
getting ready to watch hanson be awesome as always!
Yay!
Glad YOU'RE here!
RT : Hey Cleveland, what's up?!
Great to be here!
2012: I'M SEXY AND I KNOW IT 1862: I'm physically attractive and I'm aware of this statement.
Kirk Franklin  Give Me
January is Human Trafficking Prevention Month.
But really, it's something we need to think about every single day
you should add me in one of your movies lol
RT : Bears' Phil Emery on Jeffery: This is not a lazy guy.
When he gets the ball in his hands, he's working to score.
not a RT, I just tweeted it and it put me name before it cuz I already tweeted it
living the blene high life
At DFW.
About to get a massage and then a beer.
I could travel back in time
JHud or Adele?
Tough call, both fantabulous!
Only need their voice, no gimmicks
or www.ricktalifeonaseahorse.com
Hi biking community!
We're looking for 510 new adult helmets for our daycare kids to go bike riding.
Know of any places that might donate?
Chris Mann.
RT : My vote 2 win the voice is jermaine paul
WhatGetsMeMad when its freezing in all my classes and i don't have a jacket.
are the hours on the clock goofy?
It said i already voted today.
Im just trying to vote every day for my favorite!
Usher is singing our song on SNL
of course.
There is a clear message being sent here...direct and indirect.
We must take heed.
Thanks for the checkin at Sebastian Joe's!
: LOL I just try to keep shit in line
You got it.
But first, I need to sober up.
:D
me too, i wish this was an april fools day
Ok, back to business at Occupy Wall St NYC..
Yeah!!!!
Long live the Movement of our generation!
I wasnt moving keys I was buying 1.5
I consider it a warning that idiots are reproducing.
i hate when my mom gets into my conversations and then starts yelling at me.
what the fuck?
Why don't you have free wifi Newark airport?
Love the resume board idea on pinterest!
Yeah I've already had that discussion with them.
After all the players/coaches/band etc, PDX alums have next to no tix avail
awww!!!u are so welcome crystal!
Thanks for your support and twitter love!
3
hey its ariel
I've gotta keep this game on.
bahaha, good luck.
Your efforts are in vain, I got 12 check ins in the last month, BAM
The young are constantly told to be consumers yet they can't afford to buy anything.
Looting is a rational response.
It's one game, CP3 and the Goon squad are a determined bunch!
I am having a problem with my account.
I can log on but then it doesn't full download and when I click on something it goes blank.
next time.
i promise i will sing to you:
we love you too!
Hope your ready for the new album!!
Can't wait for you to hear it!
man , that was a wonderful night , we need to do that again !
and killed it tonight in Chicago!
Great job guys!
Agreed...Lynn B.
will milk about half a dozen incredible stories out of this.
48Champ BaileyCBDenver Broncos
Not Ready To Take On Today
Bryn Athyn...what the hell?
This town ia two miles wide and always swamped with traffic and accidents!
i didnt realize it was two already...im going to bed for real now
This lady is listening to her 90's music SO LOUD on her iPod  blowing a balloon up, lets the air out, blows it back up repeat
Very nice site!
Will visit often!
Sitting through so many sessions at SXSW I am reminded that the success of many panels is the strength of the moderator.
thank you all for not giving up
Out in Somerset, haven't been out here in a long time.feels good to be back.....but I miss my boyfriend so much  u never leave my mind 3
Impressed that Alaska speaks out against objectification of women.
Would like to see her character have her actions follow her words.
Thanks Mark!
It's gonna be bananas
can u give me a shout out for my birthday !!!!
on saturday
Thx so much for the RT.
Cheers!
After a lunch like that you see why Nike is so successful.
Glad to help however I can!
: Quick question  what are reasons 202 and 201?
Kinda feenin tonight.....oh well.
Just won our first gsme of the day:
On da way to Mama's to have a DosARita!!
yup..
And we were on some crappy wooden boat, that's the boat I WISH we were on.
;
70 of your views on the nature of good, evil, the state of the world and its people, are determined by how you slept the night before.
Are you looking to live in Stadium Village?
We have the right place for you!
612703RENT
we are not
that's a bathroom its a spa lol
when my wife first messaged me on icq I thought she was a spambot :
bring doctor back !!!
Yes, I never felt misterMumbles.
How did he ever get so large in the first place?
Slowly loosing my patience
The best leaders are the people we respect, we would follow to the ends of the earth and back, who put the needs of others before their own.
Gary played for the Denver bears in the Montreal system.
Didn't know his son was on the Rockies.
Good night twits :
Be as simple as you can be; you will be astonished to see how uncomplicated and happy your life can become.
Paramahansa Yogananda
Nicely done!
DID YOU KNOW?!
One acre of peanuts will make 30,000 peanut butter sandwiches yum!!!
YOU'RE WELCOME!
Love christian music?
You should check us out!
BHADD BITCHES CANT SEE ME,,,,BETTER YET DEM BITCHES WANNA BE ME...
What concerns would you like addoctorssed by SDMayor Candidates re crucial senior issues!
Tweet us your questions, we may use them
good morning from new york honey
Gotta get on that homework flow.
So much to do but so unmotivated
Alan Benson: people do not engage in FB session, they have it open as bground and are in/out as needed.
yea my roasted bananas bombed, will def.
give plantains a shot next time, thanks!
RT We will be adding to the areas of mental and physical fitness and healthy living topics
Turns out the conjecture about nonunion staff may have been incorrect.
Looking like prior staff will be brought back.
I'm up in dat bih!
just keep doctornking.
It's what's getting me through at this point
David Nail has a terrific voice, I like Steve Holy, and Blake is solid, but most of the new guys are pretty mediocre, honestly.
Service project with my boy !!
Gonna be so fucking boring.
Oh well
But selfinterest can be construed in many ways.
I think it is essential, but by no means the highest of the virtues.
I think we see a statement game from the Packers defense today.
Packers over Lions 3513.
Sorry so late in our reply, but thank you!
The future looks bright!
I always miss out on the turducken wtf'in!
Creating new painted glass chandeliers for La Quinta Arts Festival, March 1013...awesome roster of artists, a must see for art lovers!
How can my clean laundoctor literally burn me yet also still be wet?
I will move to Nashville with you any day:
You need to be listening to this Pandora station I'm on!
It was the dead of winter: EVERYONE was hidden under a hat!
: I'm gonna look at your FB pics.
saw them already on sale at QFC broadway in Seattle.
will attest I stood speechless shaking my head.
The older couple's duet on XFactor last night was hysterical
Today in 1998, Robbie Williams' Millennium enters the UK charts at 1.
This will also Williams' first release in the United States.
but if Floyd is the better fighter why not handle Cotto?
Putting the different styles aside of course tho
You know things are bad when the dictionary starts including ads.
I rest my keyboard.
Good night.
Q: would you rather put natural or synthetic products on your skin?
You wanna make the history books?
Fuck up ROYALLY, lol.
You gotta put EVERYTHING on the table.
Scared money don't make none
Want to go international with your faith this summer?
Don't wait!
Email for info!
Any of the 4/20 revelers know where the significance of 4/20 originated?
;  your on my walls ; You must feel special ; Haha
Yes, and concerts :3.
Pretty bangin' dinner at Mother's.
SEAFOOD GUMBO OMGYUM
Prediction: Romney wins nom by math.
Paul comes 2nd n get a phony promise.
Newt talks convention doctorma.
Media clamors for 3rd party run.
so today some girl demanded i buy her a birthday present...
we ain't friends bitch hahaha
yes indeed I need to snap a few for ya.
Very excited to be attending tcamp12 this weekend.
Anyone else going?
Ask me about our Public Sector track
RT : worst feeling ever, staying up till 11:30 to see the crew give up a 2run jack.
Remember that there are other people in the world besides the people that you know.
Don't give up on the world because of one person.
Please say hi to me!!!
Speaking out against Sexual Violence today at LaSierra University in Riverside.
possibly yes
The new L.E.D Blue Tactical Lighting are free at www.PatriotSafe.com
Happy Super Bowl Sunday!
Who are you rooting for?
Stop by during half time for a refreshing Marg!
Don't mistake my kindness for weakness!
It is my inner strength that keeps me from telling you what I really think!
: hi was good bro
Thank you!
:
Hi Sauce  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I LOVE NYC!
Giants vs Phillies!!
Grab a Coors Light and hold on tight because this game is going to be filled with nonstop action.
Guys, I just read a B/R article that wasn't a slide show.
I don't know what to do.
Dinner at the Needle of course!
Let us know if you make them a reservation and we'll send something special to their table.
P.S.
waves Hi to you three, been a minute since chatting!
First test of last night.
Woke up feeling great!
I'm a believer.Can't wait to introduce it to Roosevelt Island!
Hello, Jessica again.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts  I will be sure to take them under consideration for next time at FCC.
Looks like there's a private event at Poste.
How about Iron Horse, instead?
doctorve safely this evening!
We're hearing about dangerous road conditions on Interstate 75 between Richmond and Berea.
you do understand that this is going to get super ugly, right?
More telemarketer adventures: the same woman has called from the same phone  six times in 24 hours.
The company name changes each time.
Anytime!
I'm glad I could make you smile!
We need go to the mall or the movies to visit 4.01 again son.
:
RT No man has played a more badass gay man than this guy: submitted by megustcizer to movies ...
easy courses at university of washington .
Learn Front Page The ...
nah dude i am just joking she didnt come this friday she is coming on next Friday
Dont You Worry Imma be across the pond Soon!
Hair loss affects men and women, young and old
No, his position makes sense as an Evangelical, I just don't agree with it
Maybe artists are miserable because they know the only things most of us will ever learn about them is, American, born 1954, died 2012.
RT if you love your friends from Barbado!
let's do it!
I'm down
Can we please ban people who stand up and read, head burried in the pages, their paper in a monotone voice?
AAA09 15 mins of my life gone.
They gave us all 10 gift cards, sponsored by other contributors to DonorsChoose.
Ingenious way to build the user base!
Avery is gorgeous Congratulations on London
Thanks for the birthday wishes and Happy Birthday to you too.
Good night jessie and lil einstein.
Long day
thanks.
Tell ur mom and grandma Bobbi I said hi!
NeNe never had kids did she?
thanks : I think they're still overhauling Connect so it might be a little still for the conference scheduler?
How all these people hate on the Lakers  act like the biggest OKC fans .
shut up.
Myth busted on reallife 'Barbie'?
Edmonton Sun
Donde Esta ?
I'm Starting to miss her company lol .
If they have gold, Do gold and black :
They screwed that power play up!
RT : omg did u c that easy goal
dang I do??
:/ aww that hurt lol
no were we supposed to?
replacebandnameswithherpes rusted herpes !!!
you should visit us to celebrate surviving Irene!
I read that wrong haha
lol hell yea
How the hell do we give up a 90 lead to the yanks...
Am doing very well thank you....anything new your way?
I absolutely love productive days off.
And it's even better when the sun is shining.
:
Just had a company meeting in the bathroom.
Brian Mcknight's new song is so wrong but yet its catchy
I need me a friend that's an accounting major ASAP!
Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar???
...
ha ha I am trading the snow of Houston for the rain of the Northwest
Bon Jovi dead?
Man...I wonder why anybody would make that up?
WTF.....
To all of the Wonderful Mothers  Happy Mothers Day ..
Rainy day in Manchester.
dc2nh with and vets group.
GWUL here too
The secret of good writing is to say an old thing in a new way or a new thing in an old way.
Richard Harding Davis
He sober so fuk him lol RT : How  when did Tyga become my favorite Nigga on Cash Money?!?
...eww
jesse was getting so embarrassed to be near us, so he played ps3 the whole time
At a museum think tank meeting.
Mixed messages about social networking.
Is Screen Slates Twitter getting too offbrand?
Happy International Women's Day!
Look for our WoA Summit this May  WoA's 10th Anniversary event this Sept.
nope.
got shake shack.
with tonight!
I hate it when Niggas think they got it.
And this line probably makin this nigga think about it
I'll be back in town Wednesday, will for sure come by the following week!
Words of advice: Never be roommates with someone you have slept with..
It WILL be awkward at some point!
good seeing you last night!!
Hopefully you dont bail like that next weekend for homecoming.
tdwg GEOlocate lightweight web application demo
Just got done running 4 miles...
Fuck im tired.
Need my dick massaged!
Otay Love you To Bye
Congrats on breaking the 200 customer mark!
That's
My mom is awesome.
Helping me get rid of stuff and she rolls around with a stack of voter registration cards just in case.
Rob said he ran into you!
I am achy and have the chills...working on feeling better!
Agree with you about Lulu!
To me, GH has made her not so likeable character, HATEFUL!
She isnt a cop!!
Thanks, Kyle.
If you're ever working on that topic with a San Diego County angle, let me know!
why do I act like I'm all high and mighty, when inside, I'm dying.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes
Shout out to Rachel for retweeting the festival info...good looking out!!
dsoc sla2011 Rhonda McGinnis speaking about opinion polls  what ques we need to ask about them
NF  thanks for the follow :
I'm taking the time to sit down and really think about myself.
I'm one fucked up person.
It's Rubie Tuesday at Laughing Buddha!
That means 2 piercings for the price of 1 !!
Come on down!
That's a catch!
yes whenever!
miso soup
Here's to the late Fenway Park announcer, Carl Beane!
True class act.
RedSox need to win this game in his honor.
Go Sox!
My hours this week are going to kill me
Cool, I'll probably have more questions for you lol
Arthur Laurents wrote the ORIGINAL book WestSideStory  directed this version which builds more on the emotion than any before
I thought it was stupid.
I didn't get it at all.
But the woman in black you will love: for sure
By time primaries get to VA, everyone's out?
Did I perhaps hear from you support for reforming Pres.
primary process?
wake n bake
hey buddy
How come the new Muppets movie is so wonderfully fantastic?
haha :p we just passed by 170 too on the 4 train :p
And now remix scholarship inevitably ends up with TP discussions.
Happy to share some of your gr8 ideas.
Will tweet more in coming days.
You've written some good stuff!
RT : Talking on the phone with : can you guys please let me sleep!!!!
Excellent work by the Future Trend group at Eefke and other on the group!
Lot's of good data
Well talking to my doctor was definitely worth the wait!
I'm also done and on my way home.
unless you say it in an Asian accent.
Watching  Hellboy  so cool !!
Starting this M.L.K.
Jr.
Holiday with a cup of Joe and a writing session.
I have a doctoram
No red carpet for you?
Obvi they didn't know who you are!
I love it when you stay up just to talk to me because I can't sleep.3
wow you really pissed off the KoolAid doctornkers
Interoperability can still be an issue w/ tabs but this used to be an issue for macs and pcs  there are ways around this now
ziti with meatballs...
teh food par excellence
what about Chicago???
If you Follow me, I'll
well there go MY plans for the night!
Wait how many people am i talking to ?
Aha :D
Check out our pal James Redford's The D Word: Understanding Dyslexia documentary Official selection of 2012
hmm suspicious.
When did you get one?
probably like kindergarten or 1st..
I doubt I could handle older kids haha.
Downloading iTunes now so I can get the song.
I never used it before.
Only for you :
Thanks for the advice!
love it cause the boy stay fresh like canned goods
WOW people!
Less that one week till I leave for Europe!
It's a huge store in colored sections.
Every section has outfits, shoes,jewels, purses, hair accessories..you name it.
Thanks for passing us along!
We're toasting you with a marshmallow tower s'more.
would not have the night the boat spent on the reef?!!!
Sure!
Don't wait for time.
Make it.
Don't wait for a path.
Find it.
Don't wait for opportunity.
Create it.Don't compare.
Be unique.Learn from it.
Do you have more details on this position?
Your tweet was cut short.
I read Boy21 without reading ANYTHING about it  not even the back cover.
I almost never do that...
no.
Maybe i am super jaded but most gov't men cheat when away from their wives.
I've seen it do many times it's ridic.
Sure: what must i do?
Your so irrelevant, bye
That rick Ross mixtape ain't bad
Castro decommitted pre Kelly rumors but I think we lose a few because of this and don't land any of the big last minute guys
Gorgeous!
And I adore that necklace.
Ice water is the best water.
Are you fuckin serious, Michael Porter?
you are so rude.
bye.
I'm the only one working .
So you would think they have some respect.
Assholes
Last Bible Study in LA :
Carradine vs.
flying snake...what's not to love?
Got invited to hear a band play midnight Saturday at The Whiskey.
Realized it's way past our bedtime.
my girl is on the today show!!

Cooperation is doing with a smile what you have to do anyway.
Come celebrate three anniversaries on Saturday April 7.
LV News Bureau 65th, Emergency Arts 60th and The Beat's 2nd.
Festivities begin  6pm
Great job on the article about looking through the Hispanic lens.
We serve the Hispanic community and you are 100 correct
Hey Wiley, industry question: how do you feel about your publisher's expectations for the book?
if i see one more tweet about Vincent being gay, im legit slapping you through my computer screen.
who even started that?
STA Travel DFW is hiring for Fall and Spring Interns!
Email for details/info.
Go to hell
only ugly ppl watch sports:
Psssst....don't look now, but we're putting the finishing touches on memberships and subscriptions.
doctorp us a line if you want to try 'em.
I really wanna pierce my tongue but idk
Day 2 of UNV 101 Instructor training.
Really hope I get to teach it this fall.
I'd wear a helmet.
on nice, im thinking of ideas for my stupid english paper
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported our band how to build a fire and Shannahan's pub.
Happy 4 years Shannahan's!
We will be at the Haven in Orlando on March 22nd and in Merritt Island on the 24th!
Im post every pic i have w/ dogs i love w/ all my heart
Kanye rhymed 'sarcophagus' with 'esophagus'.
Closer?
They announced it on 5/15...coincidence????????
I think so.
Still 40 people here at cleanweb boston central hacking the night away!
A televised 3 way with plenty of Santorum.
If you're not going to speak up, how is the world ever going to know you even exist?
Stand for something.
Oh wow.
Probably more than I'd want to do for a game.
Lol
Holiday shopping, are you done yet?
Or are you the hustle in the bustle of the season?
yeah so what if it's only Nov
no constant rotation of whores  unhappy Rick.
Pretty obvious really.
gonna chk out 'Inside Job' documentary 2nite!
Curious...
Love ya to.
I thought you weren't attending finals ;?
Plus, who needs them?
One time for tha homie DJ SCREW .....
I'm feeling throwed in this bitch ....doctorke November 18th
Im learning Romanian.
Its a cool language
Don't forget the best PGH theaters today for the Pittsburgh is Art Day of Giving!
Companies like !
it's only see you later...
Not goodbye duh
Best of luck to all of my teammates playing for the girls' district championship 
Don't give up!
doctor Sonjia, author of SexOnSouthBeach, joins in studio to talk about her book  provide her wisdom right now on 640 Sports.
Catching up on emails!
Anschutz Willing to Buy NFL Team: Report
Yeah, definitely a happy accident.
That's why I took the pic.
I'll have to do some experiments.
Alrightttttttyyyyy GOOD NIGHT
Commit suicide before the real life begins.
Die a day before you're born.
you are not marry right ?
why do i feel like crying god damn it nothing even happened I SHOULD BE HAPPY CAUSE OF YESTERDAY BUT NO.
Let's go NYR.
I refuse to shave tonight
The body is like a piano, and happiness is like music.
It is needful to have the instrument in good order.
Its so awkward when you're in the middle of 2 people speaking Spanish and you know their talking about you
Colleague, Chelsea Carmona, who attended the OPED project training w me in San Diego was just published in Huffington Post!
Woohoo!
NOBODY wants YOU until EVERYBODY wants YOU!!!!!
ILL SHIT!!
I dnt knw y people wnna chnge ths year y cant u just be urselves evry1s unique in their own special way,,, y wud u wanna be some1 else!!!
does that count as pranking the prankster!?
I wish Instagram made your tweets more interesting
Certainly ; ...
the '3 key factors' a very helpful way of approaching
I'm a fan of you kira!
Happy Star Wars Day!
Happy birthday jk rowling.
May your success increase passed its maximum.
Your faithful fan always.
XoXo cathy
Don't call me a grammar nazi for pointing out something you failed to learn in fifth grade.
dan I am italian..
Have you met my mother??
Lol
my son was hiding in the bomb shelters as Hamas tried to kill innocent Israelis in the South.
BTWmy son NEVER tried to kill anyone
Lately I've been doing everything by myself and on my own..but I can't tell if I'm growing up or I'm just a complete loner.
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk.
No one ever doctoram of almost being wanted to be remembered.
Keep ya Head up God got something for you!
That's the worse thing someone has ever said to me.
Lmao.
My lack of sleep made me giggle uncontrollably at that lol.
Sorry
lol : Nerlen Noel good choice.
who else could offer you money  plenty white girls bbn
Richard Pyle: What makes Earth, the Planet with water, so special?
The 10 to 30 thousand stories inside the library of life!!!
Watching Elf with Hayyooh!
When u finally get to that secure safe place alone its ok 2 take off that smiling mask, cry  let it all out...
Occupy protestors successful in turning away vehicles trying to enter Port of Portland.
Hundoctords gathered near entrance to Terminal 5.
I just got my afterparty tix for Spring Awakening at !
Oh man, talking about past Council scandals in my Interest Groups class.

Gospel in the morning 
I'm inspired after listening to Laura Galvin talk about color therapy on Everyday Wisdom.
How can you inspire your Spirit with color today?
Don''t forget!
Today is the LAST DAY to send in your Valentine's Day Love Eternal Dedications!
Info here: on.fb.me/wLSmL5
How about the commercial when the invisible cop hides until you doctornkenly get behind the wheel?
So creepy.
smart move by the instagram folks.
1,000,000,000 is lot of .
Especially for something that will move to fad status in time.
Im not in the loop at all, i dont kno wats going on in philly smh
FF for calling out via Twitter.
I don't care that this is expected  stereotypical...
Oh my goodness, it's sunny!
I'm wearing sunglasses!
She is ridiculously cute!!
Thanks for sharing her with us.
Keep it classy SFPD I see those up and down looks, not for you kiddo
I mean Kyle.
You are so due
TebowGotTradedFor a Grand Slam meal at Denny's
First friend to get to BarNone gets two beers on me, and a loss in darts.
Yes we're viewing the game tonight.
thanks :D
Stayed home to write this morning but wouldntchoono the girls got up early  loud work going on in the courtyard.
The fact that they always say 10 minutes when you order in Chinese food.
I'm scared too!
I need to be comforted..
If only I knew someone that worked in an ice cream shop ;
My diamonds talk for me they say hey can I meet ya?
I sholl can't wait until they open des weight room I mean trap house lol haha
Hi to our newest followers!
Boston DoGood.
We anticipate volunteering with u.
Pls RT!
Our Favourite line : London Weight Management :
new House !!
doctorpped my coke cap on the floor.
Now I have to finish it.
Anybody have any video of the train honking its horn in NE PDX?
Finally Got my new phone
I'm wondering now: if you put up the text of a written story online, why is that not considered DigitalStorytelling?
Have a great day!
There is no duty we so under rated as the duty of being happy.
By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
My mind is a ball of confusion right now.
Of course I need to find someone who would want to play this game with me..
What a simple game though.
so are the indians
jic I don't have internet for a while  I'm heading out to the Pacific to meditate, memorize the new play and share the demand for equality.
Attending the 2nd annual Jdoctor research update for the medical community.
pumping gas while my sis washes the windows and my mom sits in the car listening to talk radio...yea, my dad would be proud tonight ;
Would love to see the advocacy group in the conversations happening on admissionslive and
Starting day 2 of the Hard Hat FAM at DoubleTree Downtown Cleveland.
Too early for their famous cookies?
Heroism consists of hanging on one minute longer
my body is starting to become so sore from sleeping on this hard twin bed.
i long to be back in my bed, snuggling my pillow pet
Fall Break is coming up : yyaaayy!!!!
Tweet Numbers  A Pic Of You For An ICONic Boy / Vinny : 3
Say What you've always wanted to say!!!!
AND MEAN IT!!!
Stay strong!
The pain of teargas lasts a moment, but the bragging rights last a lifetime...
We will miss having your energy in the office.
Good luck at your new home.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 32:
Brownie points for you!
:
New study on urban rainwater harvesting document from NRDC
Worked like crazy in last 24 hrs it's still not done!
I've never had SRP completely planned in Feb brochures going to printer
For a guy who gainsweight super easy, my days off reek havoc on my daily diet.
Everyone else have the same experience?
thanks for the giggle :
In defense of Joe Pa...this feels like a railroad job on his legacy.
Sandusky can only hope for a swift prison end via multiple penetration.
im on sum new stuff 2day who with it
Hi , today is my birthday, and all i would like is for you to notice me...
So if you do, thank you!
xx
hey you, I miss you!
And how are Grammy and Grampy doing?
im done with this twitter doctorma, i got better shit to do on my friday !
C'mon Sam, outta bed.
You can do this.
glad you're alright bud!
Ate at your Happy Valley location for the first time last week and enjoyed it.
Looking fwd to coming back.
The three rarities in baseball are: the unassisted triple play, the perfect game, and the 4 HR game.
I've seen one of these in person.
.
your mission: Soccer Siren.
A notification for your desktop that warns you when soccer teams are close to scoring.
Right back at you!
Thanks for following and adding me to your list!
Medical Examiner confirms one person dead at 27th n St.
Paul crash.
still on scene.
Compliments are appreciated, but I never been the type that needed much attention.
So bummed I had to miss it.
My back is a mess.
Hope to be back on Sat.
The Exercise Rx now has a home online!
Check out my company  www.theexerciserx.com and watch the video on the home page while you're there
Me too!
We should try it out, and see what happens.
you're one of the three on my list...not sure about the other two.
Thank you for bringing wisdom and inspiration to FutureMusicMoguls today!
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless crying.
this is my favorite trend ever omg.
now if we all can just get along that would be perf 3
Slut.
Slut.
Slut.
Whore.
Cool message.
Haha.
You stole that.
Slut.
I didn't know that before.
Whore.
Niven  Pournelle, The Gripping Hand.
Fairly worthy sequel to The Mote In God's Eye.
A refreshing change to read hard SF every so often.
blakeshelton just finished a lackluster set at stagecoach.
Bring on the mister!
The team just beat the defending national champions, , to advance to the FinalFour in LA!!!
Happy Flyer Alum!!!
loves Canada !: wonder if he loves Houston,Texas 3 rt
: Wonder who's behind that one...
; Can't Wait
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
I'm really liking ur vids by the way ;
fighting to make the mirror happy
Shout out to my newest follower go follow him!
My fave pirelated post so far RT If 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716 is typed on iPad, does that make it an Apple pi?
Yes!
R.I.P.
The Rev RT : CityofEvil is one of the best metal albums I've ever heard.
Such great musicianship and song writing.
One of my favorite things...adaptive reuse.
: Shoutout to all the freshmen who have 3 years left!
suckstosuck 
Werd.
Notta out in view then to the studio
do you doctorw cats?
I'm in line at the airport  is reporting on terrorist stories  airline strikes.
The friendly skies are more like a bitter ex.
dude!
I love that song and i'm seriously listening to it right now!
I Might go Friday and Ill Be with u dess and dime ..
.
has to do something tonight to honor Maurice Sendak right?
When your sleeping at a friends house and they fall asleep on you .
If parenthood is anything like installing a carseat for the first time, I'm not sure it is going to be a good fit for me...
more in football.
Most schools play thirty or so basketball games.
Thirty!
You have a bigger margin of error in basketball.
yeah today was too good to be true.
It was Friday weather forsure here in NC.
On this day in Yankees history plenty of Yankees fans cried knowing that Mariano Riviera season is over and career is uncertain.
You crank that Soulja Boy...You...
Wait, this is not what you were talking about
New TV dinner 2day!
Chili Mac, Garlic Spinach, Corn Bread, Roasted Squash  Marble Brownie, just 15.
Get it b4 it's gone!
Call 404.681.4434
Lunch was delicious today thanks!!
Have you entered our contest yet?
FYI  Today I am going to break a mirror under a ladder while holding a black cat...
Gonna be a good day!!!
Thank you for the follow !
it amazes me how people in this day and age are still antisemitic.
I am literally disgusted with the world.
I wish that were true of Americans.
They commit injustice after injustice and think they will be spared.
what's up wit you Pinky holla at ya man's Cali D.
Lookin to do some more business
I just want to eat and go to bed.
I picked short books : And, of course I meant to say 'with only TWO hours to go ...'
I saw 'Indie Game: The Movie' tonight.
If you love independent video games.
It is a must see.
Quote  be guided by your faith and not your fear.
Put yourself out there!
Be a difference maker.
Be fearless and courageous.
Randy Woo Woo
that is awesome to hear!
Congrats!
We can rejoice, too, when we run into problems and trials, for we know that they help us develop endurance
All i doctoram for is FLAWLESS skin.
FantasyFootball question for all the experts out there like  who's the better start this week, Rodgers or Fitzpatrick?
NW Without A Trace
Big Bill doesn't follow national politics, but Newt Gingrich's rise in the polls is a gratifying sight for husky Republicans!.
Thank you for the info.
Will see y'all there.
Tears flow as thanks commissioners who are leaving at the end of this semester.
Thanks to everyone for all their hard work!
I Hate How Someone Can Treat You Like Shit ; But In The End You Still Care For Them .
..
Marcella Rose is about to start their set.
Come hang out at Poor House in downtown Ft.
Lauderdale!!!
Marven!
hey!
remember me?!
It's been a VERY long time since we've spoken!
haven't been on b/c of school...how ru?
: D
I smell food!
Speak kind words and you will hear kind echoes.
BAHN from Power of Speaking Positive by Joy Haney
Hey iMix96.7!
Glad to connect with you via Twitter!
I love when I get caught by every damn red light.
Need prayer?
Send requests to: Our family prays together every Monday on a conference call for people like u!
Dancing lesbians, not always sexy......
Vacaying this Summer?
Take Spa Tech's clockcurbing Travel Kit packed w/ biomarine goodies.
2oz.
TSA flightfriendly.
Any recommendations on good cafes in Venice to do work from?
problem corrected.
Too many respected followers in common not too.
Happy Saturday.
What is the more effective way of promoting your yyj business Facebook or Twitter?
I'll also say that we should seek more constructive responses to injustice than rioting.
Rarely solves anything.
Yesterday is gone, tomorrow is approaching!
Being thankful for the moment and taking no thought for the latter!
Can we find wisdom in NOW?
how'd you like the show?
Oh shoot!
I put everything else but that in my reminders.
Man!
Struggling with the reminders app on the iPhone though.
Will try.
Helicopters have left.
School has extra police force today.
Will be happy to see her walk through the door.
remind her that she was doctornk  you're the designated adult.
Shut that noise down.
And don't sit for her again, if it's like that.
Didn't the last game start w/ a Thornton 3??
Studio today.
I will be at Adobo tonight at 6:30pm.
Got love for music.
Me too.
we here that get yo money girl
San Fran is Crazy in the fall, its like sunny and beautiful every day, if you ever visit this city, come SEPTNOV, its bananas
Its only 4:45 pm over here
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!
A Day!
3
Wait what?!
But I'm not even doctornk...
Confession.
I am having an affair.
Hello mister Johnson :;
Gave my dog a bath.
I really hope she goes to sleep now.
If not, I'm going to cage her up and she hates that.
Getting up this early is for the birds...
Whohoo, can't wait for the minifood tour with next week!
Both Rothman and Pascrell get handshakes from prez.
Saw Pascrell also get clap on shoulder and laugh from something he said
we should tackle The Artist I think
lol I would be going out of my mind if i had to watch all day but glad she loves it.
:
Ok.
So i had this weird doctoram last night.
I got jumped by four nerdy ass boys for my purse and phone.
It seems John Edwards believed he was untouchable, that he could lie and cheat all he wanted because of who he was and the power he held.
In hindsight, I guess I'm grateful for the little water pressure I had in the shower.
She's cute, pero
how about Old Thompson?
let's all FaceTime and celebrate together
What the hell is wrong with Brian McKnight?
Let me show you how your works!
I remember when I had my first beer.
Last night in roulette, I bet on 3,0,1.
I was redirected.
Believe and you shall receive.
: 'It's not ridiculous that I match my manicure to my cycling shorts, right?
RIGHT?' ha!
Nope.
Is that supposed to mean your funny?
intro to law  just more in depth on the law, purpose, application, etc
MT : Dianne Feinstein  Barbara Boxer, elected on the same ballot this day in 1992, were also 1st Jewish women Senators.
I forgot how easy homemade pizza dough is.
It's becoming a staple!
I need to go grocery shopping.
Actually, I've needed to go grocery shopping for over a week.
:grumble:
Who is your mentor, advisor, coach?
Don't think you need one?
You do!
And how do you find the right one...
and are you ready for the truth?
We can change the world, build a business  have fun  Precisely my plan.
3 day weekend  this means more time to spend on One Direction.
Haha
yes I remember her.
That's who Granny G reminded me of, except Granny G's way better then rappin granny was haha
Bruins pull out a win.
One more win to go tonight.
The key to success is maintaining focus on the important tasks w/out being overwhelmed by the urgent ones
15 bad bitches n the room b4 the show ...damn I luv dis music shit
id love to do sports with u too
We're like oil and water, repelling each other.
sings it best.
;p
Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning my alarm clock..
Do you have an accent or do we have an accent?
Note to self check lyrics on playlists on spotify before playing!
Whew glad there is a delete button!
Mavs swept by OKC.
made all the wrong moves this year and last.
Team sucked.
But, at least they don't live in OKC.
package part is because items must be concealed until you get home
Need to start two of three this week  McGahee, J.
Starks  Crabtree.
Thoughts?
SMWSportsBiz thanks everyone !
You were the only one to ever like me for my...
Personality.
please choke  im sharin!
Jus not wit u
Whoa!
Just read that you have scurvy, too!
Possible epidemic?
Still haven't seen the avengers
Tonight  8pm: Launching Salsa Lounge with SalsaNow at Mari Luna Bistro, 1225 Cathedoctorl Street Baltimore  across from the Meyerhoff.
RT if you like food ;
Our dishwashing soap smells disturbingly like Blue Freeze Pops.
Do they use the same chemical to smell like some imaginary blue fruit?
So tired but supporting the homy!
Hey all you tweeters
Ok good music has arrived
yea i guess
Just submitted my proposal to Kickstarter to raise money for a roaster, grinder, and startup materials.
Fingers crossed!
That is my favorite scene from The Wiz!!!
who you telling..
You write your letter to your panelist yet.??
i guess
Busy day ahead with a lot of meetings and appointments this morning then directing It's going to be a fun day!
3WordsForYou Eat a dick.
just talked with a Columbus woman who was home with her 2 kids when she woke up to find a stranger in her house.
story at 11.
Saints just got fued harder than Tebow LOL
YES they they are finally back in the US of A!!!
honored.
Thanks for follow :
Your job is to email me the addoctorss  I'll look for a local hotel.
: Yay doctornking  taxiness for the 3 of us.
Feels so good to be writing or rewriting again after surgery.
So close to finishing.
I think everyone should go to college and get a degree and then spend six months as a bartender and six months as a cabdoctorver
Just finished doing yoga with Destie.
Had so much fun!
3
3 reasons why giving 5 reasons for things makes me mad.
Stay in touch new friend!
Gotta love redis When you need M2M2M groupings and can't get straight SQL under a second, CACHE those suckers.
ZREVRANGE FTW
Domains for sale from : GoodoctorddanceOsama.com  GoodoctorddanceBinLaden.com 
where is the shady lovers?
Go to www.Scottysbrewhouse.com.
You will be sure to find some AMAZING Indianapolis foods there!
Dirty Car?
No Worries!
At Express Lube, we'll wash your windows and vacuum your vehicle with our premium service oil change.
Come by today!
Happy Hanukkah everyone!!!!
lol didn't I tell u I wasn't ugly!
U ugly
love that place.
Ask Mike about the married couple that tried to pick him up.
Congrats, Paul Epworth, Rick Rubin.
Great great job..
i need new txting buddies
Book in a day?
It's more like bookinsixhours.
But with 21 kids and 3 adults, what could go wrong?
Will keep you posted.
I don't even know what to think or feel anymore...
Everyone likes Tebowing, but only a man can enjoy Roethlisbergering.
Trying to figure out with paintings to work on tonight.
Had chicken for lunch...bad vegitarian bad, bad, girl...
tisc tisc
I want my nose pierced again
cause I was talking back ..
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place: swaaggie!!!!!!!!
Excel blows my mind everyday!
Amaze!
I wish my friends could understand that although he's not perfect, he's all I want...
Which hurts more.
Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
hey congrats!!!
VancouverSun: PNE announces lineup for teen music festival  includes OneRepublic and Joe Jonas
Looking for a good read for those long winter nights?
Don't miss the Metuchen Library Sale Oct 15th 9AM 480 Middlesex on the Library lawn!
I want it he can still I want it!
that was Jc all summer and me all of college
muscle spasms r wonderful 
Learn how to be a safer doctorver on those roadways!
Take our Distracted doctorver course!
Supposedly it's an abstracted smile?
Which would not ring true to me.
Pepsi is The Devil's Nectar.
No smiles here.
Voting is key for Latinos but politicos need 2 engage in real ways, b relevant, understand issues/struggles of families
Lardner: culture of impunity persists in Nigeria because rule of law is not enforced.
The state is the regime
Nothing says, I don't care if I look like Rick James like curly bangs.
I will keep you informed the city of boston move so slowly however 4 to 6 months you will start to see the site soon.
73 degrees outside today, what an awesome day!
Thanks for your support all the way in Africa !
:
Trynna kick it
This back pain is ridiculous
Throwing a doctornk  cup in someones face.
aw.
Tell your mommy I said hi.
Does she have FB?
Glad to hear news from baseball teams all around the country!
ooh!
Fun!
I miss your face.
Want to go see Foster the ppl in burnaby w/me?
MustFollow me and I will follow u back
thanks for coming in!
we love that Nutella shake!!
I miss you!
Shot more footage of the upcoming tattoo documentary today.
More through out the weekend.
Let's hope I pass this doctorving test tomorrow so I can quit taking the bus to school and work.....
the bus sucks.
My 7yearold son on spring break with big plans for playing today: Mom, can I practice piano after dinner?
I'm on a tight schedule today!
I need help...
If you would like to order our delicious toffee for Valentine's Day, call us: 228.297.5632, you can also send us a tweet!
Inspiring breakout.
A favorite conversation takeaway : collaboration and competition don39;t have to be mutually exclusive
Dodge Hits the Bull39;s Eye with an Allnew Compact Car  The Dodge Dart
Watching rocky...
This muthafucka got his ass beat n every fight b4 he won
I have to see you tomorrow before one of us leaves.....
: left me hanging in study hall
Ash did you stay in Hoboken?
I know say those two solo HR by the
RT : has taken over this feed again.....Bulls win!!!
i cant imagine getting old , lol .
I know!!
Hahaha!!
Just putting that idea out there xD
Just discovered TV ONE, geesh!
So excited to see up next on !!
I loves her!!
I feel like a wet dog
I hate the fact that I have the attention span of a nut.
I seriously need to study for these finals.
Random: I need to learn how to take pictures of myself.
I feel I take notsogood pictures!
It Is Sad
I dont think they are allowed to reproduce, because they kill them to study their brains.
But if they did ...
?
no I don't.
I've been busy with studying b/c I had to review everything from last year.
Cinco de Mayo is definitely influencing our May specials  now if we could just find the tequila...
I wonder if Rahm will be removing Sweet Home Chicago from his iPod now.
lol what do you normally doctornk?
have fun D.
tell the boys I said what up and play some craps for me!
I do...
It's called twitter
Rules on race that prevent thousands of middleclass parents from adopting ...
Daily Mail
Any functioning gas stations near Carlsbad CA 92011????
I will keep you posted!!!
I love hearing the words I missed you :
Game Over!
girls want ATTENTION.
women want RESPECT
he deserves a chance, u fan bases need 2 stop bein so selfish, I'm a mahomie n gave him a chance n he's a
Working on posting having issues uploading pics to ChicagoNow..in the meantime just a few minutes away from chat w
You bet!
Were you able to get in touch with anyone regarding that gift card?
Hope so!
Just saw a man on a bicycle get hit by a car and brushed it off.
as long as your happy and safe, nothing else matters in the world
oh no I live about 10 minutes from Georgia state : I moved from Lawrenceville back in August
I could watch that on repeat everyday.
He'd probably pitch better from centerfield.
great to connect!
Hope you're having a great start to the week:
Does anyone in the greater Los Angeles area have a bass amp we can borrow for a series of upcoming shows?
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Picasso
Getting my 6th tattoo after work tomorrow to celebrate my first time on a New York stage.
: Why ink?
'Cause that's how I roll!
it's ok, it's actually not that bad...
Are you?
Hail in South Bend.
That is so cool..I love the Scots..however I am Lebanese  the name Hanna means John...someday I want to do a DNA test..who knows:
Sal from impractical Jokers is definately gay
aww it will happen
Thanks for the follow, if there is anything I can do for you please don't hesitate to ask
hope it's high octane gas at least!
Lol
Don't call me for a ride...
We all kno what happened the last time I did that :/
yes ma'am.
you have so many o.o
so I need your bbm pin again lol
Rockies' No.
1 starter Jeremy Guthrie on the hill today; sweet green glove.
Owl...
We need honey
I just wanna go home.
just realized how short the guys on Jersey Shore are...I would look like an absolute beast next to them
Are you cold today?
We have plenty of clothes to warm your bones!
Come by and check out what we have to offer!
Quinoa breakfast cereal for lunch.
You are a special woman..
The right man will come along and u deserve the best
silly  of course i would!
horrible waste of good cheetos..!
reminds me  i'm in a cheeto free household atm, must remedy that.
me too, we on duh road again
There must be a hidden message
MN got so much construction on the roads
Beware of people who speak to you on the street and try to lure you into their dispensary.
Trust only CosmopolitanDispensary on Ellis St.
RT : If your at the Indy Dealer Expo this weekend be sure to stop by  check out Castle Streetwear!
They have amazing......
I'm a huge online shopper.
However, I waited until the week of FAAW.
My mistake..my son loves it.
Thank you for supporting BFB again.
Our bowlers need to hydoctorte!
tastes like heineken, kind of
Last night's LosAngelesClippers game was a Litmus test for me, and it showed me that the Clippers have little to no chance to win.
still in print?
I heard this morning on that a sequel to Anchorman is coming out!
So pumped!
communityservice best feeling in the world!
great i think toast hates me...
oh lol x i thought you werent and Dangg girl you got alot of followers x which verified accounts follow you ?
Our pleasure!
And thank you!
Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
:
HEY JASMINE V Can you my friend ?
I love you and Can you contest me I live in spein and I like you concuerse
Jake Owen you are killing me.
:'/
THANKX For the follow ....Shots fly out to Ape Gang..
With a get better mindset, you focus on improve rather than proving.
Via Karen Halvorson.
BibleFax: Gospels were written by writers skilled n Greek composition, not by disciples, who were Aramaicspeaking,  probably illiterate.
Why does everything sound so much more evil with a weird european accent?
Don't miss out on our annual Valentine's Day program Sweets for your Sweetie.
Make reservations by calling 3277580 today!
Thx Rachel!
We are on FB as well :RT : Looking forward to seeing where goes!
How many will go forward to next week?
ur welcome!
I am excited to follow u 2!
we launch this week!
DM me and lets chat.
thank u again for the support!
:
not a virus just spam
why doesn't it seem to affect you?
Just did week 8, day 1 of !
Why can't we have iPhone batteries that last forever?
Show TODAY at 3pm.
Yesterday sold out!
Get tix in advance and dont miss out on some funny improv comedy for al ages.
One love 3 RT haha i got nothing but love for people that are taller than me!
I also have signed up but have not received the newsletter!
Would love to read it!
Good work Momma!
Chicago Public Schools admin on search engine: Based on way it will have to spread, it has to be a killer product.
Spin Nurses
Working on the Craziest Light and Sound Experience in NC.
Come out this weekend for our Flare Friday for a Preview Before Grand Opening.
Happy Independence Day!
What a great doctorve u r on today Jen, have fun!!
You even have a personalized tour guide, , giving u fab advice 
: Way to not take the bait.
:
agreed, it is a sad thing.
We are at 499 followers.
Looking forward to No.
500 and beyond!
All that woofing you hear is just the sound of the Huskies choking...
my best friend that i never get to see anymore has a twitter!!
Aye.
Va beach is great.
DC is the furthest into the NE Ive ever been.
Brother lived in Syracuse for a while
That awkward moment when u look  ur clock and hurry to get to ur bus stop and the garbage man tells u that there's no school today.
:/
.
I thought it was about 2 albino, headwobbling aliens who's blood was solid until it come into contact with concrete.
is awesome
Does anyone out there in twittterland use Hootsuite Pro?
Is it worth six ducats a month?
If a child comes to you and uses words instead of behaviors to tell you what he needs  celebrate that need and MEET it!
A grownass woman wearing a tiara is grounds for suicide.
what's going on over there?
Every morning I wake to 4 alarms going off at 6 am.
It's still dark outside.
Not even GOD is up this early!
I just lowered my book to 2.99 on Kindle.
Let me know how it works out for you.
yeah it's one of my old ones from fb.
lol
Thank ya kindly.
thank heavens for podcasts on those long Wednesday commutes.
quivering RT : Everyone stay calm.
Take a deep breath.
is seeking volunteers.
I think I just agreed to defer more than a third of my pay on a project, and thats only if the project gains more funding...
bleh :/
you got that right.
but being 15 is still overrated.
even though i love you to death.
;
No negativity survives the fiery of inspiration.
Its not an opinion if its the truth.
Just overheard by a guy proclaiming love of his new iPad: I sync with a PC now but soon I'm going all Apple.
Amen brother!
Skipping the burbs today.
I wish everyday was a skipping the burbs kind of day.
You know that smell on your hands after you get done tuggin' one ...
That.
I find most of my tvwatching happens during the morning  thank goodness for DVR.
Moving out from the Modjeski household.
Big day!
Happy Monday!
Is it wrong that I'm already looking forward to my girls night bday pub crawl NEXT MONTH?!
: Devils score.
31...
5:59 left to go in the third.
it hurts
lighting issue in the car.
When you expect bad things, bad things happen
there was a deaf protest in downtown Indy yesterday, so scratch my theory of there being a whale orgy
Follow also RT : Can ii Get ah Follow Back Plz
MBurger has beer?
This lady sitting next to me at the doctors right now, smh!
Heroes is a bizarre show bring back the wire !
I'm blessed to be afforded all of these opportunities.
OMG what happened ?!
O.o
Think oomf needs 2 hurry up n come b4 this food eitha gets cold or disappears
First band practice, SO FUN!!
:
fixing my tumblr ;
I trust people way too easily..
Outside  sucks.
I don't think heroin is supposed to be fattening, is it?
There goes my next diet plan...
Just got raped by a swarm of mosquitos.
I'm sure I have the Hanta virus or polio.
This is beyond malaria.
LOL!
As a lifelong Brewer fan, totally understand.
Until recently, we sucked too.
ma is making a instagram lmao .
Oh thunder.
Creating an ad campaign is mostly heuristic.
You have to come up with something new.
Daniel Pink's book doctorve.
Great new book.
Mendell.
listening to the redacted episode.
The pauses before daisey's answers are agonizing!
Fine,thank you:.
Good morning Austin ....
Let's have another amazing day..!we open at 11 till 2 pm
Good Night  I love you
Yayy!
Can't wait!!!
Right back atcha Already signed up and excited to see your stuff.
We choose those we like; with those we love, we have no say in the matter  Mignon McLaughlin
breakfast?
or are you skipping?
Getting psyched for our show with REBIRTH BRASS BAND tonight at TIPITINAS uptown!
GROOVESECT hits the stage at 10pm!
sounds like fun!
The only Marvel I read these days IS Marvel Previews.
It confirms I'm not missing much.
Why can't my AP be over like every other sophomores?
honestly idk hey can u txt me 9512938966
I was glad to be outside, but the transition from indoors to out and back again def slows things down.
You forgot an integral part of the contest...be sure to include the hashtag.
Congrats though, you are the winner
Can't believe you caved on this stupid boycott.
You're Coke  The Boycott wouldn't work!
I'm going back to Pepsi!
Break My Fall  Breaking Benjamin
also, there are TONS of awesome mini golf place in the Dells.
You would not be want for those there.
Ties up baby!
watched a really creepy guy taping himself playing video games  it reminded me of when we had Dad tape us playing Nintendo.
:D
Thanks for putting these together, they're so helpful!
Do you use a system to collect them or do it on your own?
Lets go Celtics!
having been part of the male gender for almost 26 years, i am confident that none of us know what's good for us.
Outside hygrometer claims 5 humidity right now  lower than I've ever seen in VA.
Heading up the mountain to admire the unwonted clarity.
yes, not down the stairs UP the fucking stairs ladies  gentlemen.
you can watch all the games for free at justin tv or vip box :
I'M IN THE BEST MOOD EVER!!!
THEY HAVE A MUSIC MAJOR AT MY SCHOOL!!
AH!
I'M SO EXCITED!
: : :
good point.
maybe more specifically: do you find at the center of product definition process  decisionmaking?
Maybe the whole of UK decided to go to bed early.
'Cept for maybe.
Lovin' the sounds.
PLEASE Mommy?: i love you
Only when I need to be...
;
We're all stars in the eyes of our childoctorn and mothers, so tell me why we all strive for the praise of another.
: Doing well, how 'bout yourself?
I'm doing good :
thanks Jason!
Great time had last night!
Ughh now we gotta wait 2 more months until Fortune !
Lobos need to go after all the transfers
haha omg is that cat yours???
How adorable  precious!!!
:
I think your question is among the most interesting for workers today.
Hope you stay doctor.
I will wifey
Shout out to Fab Follows FF and
it's my moms birthday today.
happy birthday ma
super cool!!
WhyYoShoes talking to me, when u take a step
Jet lag.
playlistlive  meet Austin Mahone OR tickets for Cody Simpson and see him in concert again?
asdfghjkl; help.
maybe I'll just have to convince my wife I need to upgrade to the 3G model.
your not a lawyer or a paralegal.
Wtf do you do?
Pissboy.
Besides I know exactly what u do I've known u for years
that should be sport covered by ESPN or is that just wishful thinking.
We've put 3 Elance proposals out there.
Can't wait to get a writing job!!!
I want to make money with my creative side!!!
RT : Wanna talk to cofounder of ?
Enter to win fab prizes, too?
just listened to Michael Irvin's take on why the packers should go for 160.
it was the best i've heard yet...
stlcards Lack of clutch hitting and base running blunders killed the Cards tonite, not Dotel.
Cards should have put it away in 9.
Cody punched me....
chubby checker, psycho, belgians in the congo...
hahaha no you have my name :b
I love how more and more people are able to work virtually from home.
Moms can work from home successfully
: InstantTurnOn Lacrosse/ Soccer boys  Your InstantTurnOn Trends Are VERY Disappointing.
A snowy and sparkling Merry Christmas to us!
Asking a question you already know the answer to just to see if the person will lie.
Its def a critic week...Avengers was also excellent!
RT RT : When teachers act fake when the principal comes in the classroom.
there's a lot of things this country does that I don't do lol.
A huge realization for me  Success isn't a zero sum game.
There's always room at the top.
Somebody doesn't have to lose for you to win.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
Ether Barrymore
Thank you for the mention!
We're really looking forward to ALFA2012!
They're still playing.
Lakers leading by 5 right now.
Cannot put Blink by down
get on my level !!!!
Conquer Fear with Knowledge.
Mixtape 1 is available as a digital book through iVerse.
If you love alternative rock, Mixtape is the book for you!
Who's at the Derby today?
Mint Juleps anyone?
Working on a Mended Arrow Store.
Might even be done by next week!
I truly blieve u will return to DOOLu r 1 of the best  I believe u r a favorite of everyone.Njoy watching Dirty Soap.
i have no trust for a boy that think he's a man.
SEAN PEYTON IS GONE FOR A YEAR...
SORRY Saints better luck next year lol
So how many people out there don't care about Diablo3 and are actually laughing at all the error37 issues amongst others?
Me  : trackswagge remember the look alike ;
Well damn this is gonna suck ass I miss her like crazy and she gonna get her phone takin away lets see how this goes 
The problem with quotations on the internet is that they are difficult to authenticate  Abraham Lincoln
I haven't seen her since she went back to Cali, but I get the feeling that one day I'm gonna pick up a random magazine  see her in it.
CAMPEONES, CAMPEONES!
We're all in soccer bliss right now
all Derek Holland did was pitched lights out to lefties and righties.
See that Joe?
THrow out that book now
Enjoying some lemondoodles from Costco.
Awesome!
oh um RT : Keha's single TikTok sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.
Some day you need to throw me an alleyoop, Dave!
I can't believe this coach tried to come at me sideways today.
I just kept quiet  let him look crazy.
Then he tried to come back  be cool
If I taught a class in being a fan, yelling stop sucking, Danny!
would be an automatic FAIL.
Tuesday means 1 Lone Star at W.
Alabama Icehouse.
Yeah you heard me correctly, LONE STAR IS ONLY A BUCK TODAY!
I hate JR Smith
Why can't I remember?
I Tell Em' Things I Don't Mean At All, And Don't Say Im Mean Cause I Ain't Mean At All, Just Blame All The Bitches That Let Me Fall /3 .
i love when niggaz act like big time niggaz is fuckin wit them when they not even close...they dont know yu dumbass.....
A man has one hundoctord dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
Walk/run this morning and a fresh juice!
Feeling good:
Snow worries!
THATCampVA will go on!
They're predicting a few inches today, but roads are salted, warmer tomorrow  no snow on the weekend.
Just walked into a Radio Shack and Zou Bisou Bisou was playing.
That was weird.
RT At the rentonfilmfrenzy curvee awards gala where is killing it as MC!I killed it, all right.
RT : Games this time of the year are won by the tougher team; physically tough but more importantly the mentally tougher team.
hi sammie, happy tuesday
lets be honest..
you had to have seen that coming?
Lets make it 16 straight, Sparty.
Yet another reason to quit: your heart disease risk is two to four times higher if you smoke cigarettes.
Yo know, I have been abusing Gary Busey for weeks on Twitter......but the truth is...I like the guy!
Think Im Finna Go To Sleep, Got A Sub Lbs
I signed Gooden for those step back jumpers.
The is open until 8 pm tonight for all your late night gift buying and robot toupee needs.
I want to go to there.
Right now if you tweet it won't go to anybody.
If you tweet , it goes to someone who works at cnn.
They are actually citing use of 3rd party code reuse that may not have been developed to be secure.
Proud of Reds Nation tonight.
Everyone kept their cool about Cueto's bad start and most of the negative tweets about him were sarcastic.
lol popped the tip in that's to funny.
Hey Ryan!
Thanks for following!
of course!
: when are you movin?
wonder how conceptual framework reconciles with/can resolve to approaches like curation microservices
Like your not even cool..
RT When i say 5 more minutes whatimisterallysaying fuck off and let me sleep!!!
geez some people cyan tek hint dah they gehin run .
is nominated for the 2011 ZMT Awards Breakout Band Category, GOVOTE HERE: .com/TremblayTonig
great school, too.
All the best...
or when you wanna smush
King of Prussia Mall being evacuated bcs.
of a live grenade found on premises?
Any one have any other info ?
RT : Rejection doesn't hurt, expectation does.
Lies don't kill, denial does.
Forgetting doesn't heal, forgiveness does.
I'm taking a libraryschool management class too!
And honestly, i can't help but think I'm too young to manage ppl :
Spurs gonna get ready to take down Lob...
or SLOB City.
RITE...
In the Bed Rolling around n this Comforter..
Enjoying my Body Heat..
U KIDDIN ME?
LOL
ain't that the truth
Just downloaded the Zimbra Collaboration Server Appliance and am importing into vCenter.
yo myspace friends im out ck out the music leave some love by the way the game was some BS celtics!!!!
celtics got it
Happy Pie Day to you too!!!
That shiver I get when I'm about to break.
misterbeans holiday
RT Ok, then my feedback is: You're doing it wrong.
Its hard to keep up.
Buy it
RT : Let's go !
Beat BYU!
just tried your gin last night and learned I'm only a few blocks away...this could get dangerous.
LOS ANGELES Independence Day 2011 festivities will include the mister  Ms.
Muscle Beach Bodybuilding, Figure, and Bikini contest on Monday
Thank you kindly.
Dooley is in Gibbs right now
First ..
I order new clothes hahaha :D
Not even gonna lie, he kinda made my night :
that sounds great!
Do you have any ideas for your presentation yet?
I need to research the format for examples.
I have Two tickets left for my event.
25 each.
Anyone interested?
If so, I can explain more details about my performance.
woof dot com.
keep your heads up over there, guys.
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
At my father's house.
Oh my god, he's blasting John Denver.
.
.
wow.
i'm so bored that i'm actually considering reading my book.
.
It's OK, I have no idea how to use the weapons I have now.
Just peeped on RPdoctor..SICK!!..
more please
I'm excited!!!
i would be dead omg
you should get them everyday lol.
x
genuinely surprised the play count is that low since
I'm now following 1,the sexist females with a Twitter, follow back
going to eat you
Oh it sucks already.
Everybody walking around like they belong in the FF.
Just downloaded Thumbs Up from iTunes!!
Great song, Tae!
Happy Meat Lover's Wednesday!
You know the deal  1 pound of meat for only 8.99 today!
RT If she whispered just the right words in his ear, she didnt have to lay a finger on him.
Tuesday means Trivia  8pm!
Which talk show host married a Playboy bunny in 1961 and again in 1967?
Getting ready to go on the air on Call in if you have any legal questions, 8002951180
excellent news and Congratulations.
Would love to help spead the word.
at the senior lock in its bout 1206 am and enjoyin no school for me since im already at the school leaving at 6 in the morning for home
Over think things at night but everything hits me then
Phila City Council Committee on Education hearing today  follow for updates
i wanna seat myself in a chair of gold
I'm not as nice on Twitter..
I can cuss here.
Had a great night with good friends  super fun!!
And now I'm sick : Woke up with a sore throat and snarfy nose.
Bo!
Happy New Year all!
I wanna sleep on the hard ground, in the comfort of you arms, on a pillow of blue bonnets and a blanket made of stars 3
Share actual customer care calls with other departments so they hear unfiltered VOC
Bingo!
RT : A4 Time, cost, knowledge
Alex  Austin's bromance is too cute.
They are THE BEST of friends 3 Ally
Words can't explain how much I love my step kids and my own daughter...
I wish things were different...
so tired of stupid shit.
Your first tweet!
Very exciting.
Greetings to you on a chilly Boston morning
I beg to differ!
: RT : Smiling is better than chocoloate
try to be everything you can be in this world because it just takes one person to start a chain reaction and make this a better planet!
Mt.
Dew and a chocolate croissant start the day off right in Western Wisco
B4 someone gets their doctorvers license dey should have to beat rainbow road on mario kart without fallin off....
What questions will you have for from at NMDD?
Tweet them in using NMDD  get live responses on 5/19!
3WordsOfAdvice Life goes on .
Let's get my buddy to 1,000 followers before their half ironman!!!!
I'm okay with that!!!
HotTopPick by
Just looked it up!
Congrats  very cool.
On average, people divorce in year 3 of their marriage, which is extremely concerning becasue it indicates marriages have become disposable.
Mexican candy is the best thing in the world
But....if the treadmill works for you....def go for it : We just have to keep the sweat coming, no matter what....right?
Thank you!
:o
Thanks Gloria...get you in here soon!
RT : YUM!
Enjoy!
Always count your blessings first...they almost always outweigh the bad and make it easier to get through the hard times!!
I'm watching it thru ESPN online.
you should be able to as well
does the chick up front in your twitter background have her arm in dude's shorts or am I just imagining that every time I look
Thank you for playing GuessAnumber!!
Good luck!
Ugh!
RT : This is where we lose out on weekends.
It's not just about posting, but listening too!
so you will never date a Packers fan?
Hehe
RT : New varietals on the way!
Only restaurant in Texas serving these babies.
Sweet tea!
Excellent start to my morning after a class of bikram yoga.
Going to be live tweeting the inflation of my sense of self.
loose lips lager
Get me 200 followers?
Goodnight.

We Have Over 7000 Texts On My Phone .
iDeleted Them All So We Could Have Ayye Fresh Start...
3  A New Beginning  3
PR Tip of the Day: Know when to join in on the feeding frenzy.
Come up with an angle that will tie into the big story.
www.RealNewsPR.com
Welcome  thanks for following FF followart 
4 thugs jump soldier and beat him for 1 in Tampa Fl.
Soldier survives but still in hosp.
Where is all this trouble coming from?
: goat whisperer lookin ass You needa whisper to your little goat looking buddy
Anthony Johnson does not have a neck...it freaks me out
spring break 2011 on the way to pensacola with my lovelies ;
dude i love the green ones how can u not!?
The word AWESOME is an American thing.
To sound like the Irish, use BRILLIANT or CLASS instead.
Loved this episode!!
So proud of all of my friends who are graduating from law school today :
They only overlap modestly.
I'd probably get a lot out of attending yours.
Ha!
RT : Best.
Fanfic.
Ever.
RT : I've been so busy writing AT/Archon slash I didn't even notice...
Beta testers: tried texting your checkin to Budge yet?
I weigh 145 pounds.
I meditated 5 minutes  Budge texts back w/ useful context.
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 21:34 with Nike GPS.
Need a layout, Creative work for a flyer, Promotion/Sponsorship for your band?
Message us for info.
RT: Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Mother Teresa
Gator needs his Gat you punkass bitch.
figure out the possession arrow!!!
Ugh.
Yes.
Thursday!
Thanks for noticing that!
Mental Coach has joined twitter  feel free to follow.
He is our primary instructor for junior  collegiate golfers.
quit your bitching
TONIGHT LYTE!
THEN HOT PINK DELOREAN ON FRIDAY  PARTY FOUL!!
THEN ROCKIN FWORD 18 IN FLAGSTAFF  IF WE DONT GET SNOWED IN!!
LOL..
...
thank for the follow!
We think mlearning means Learn Everywhere!

everyone plays a part.
Cut out the womanblaming.
Morning view from our AHA Board of Directors meeting at Miller Nash!
Please join their employees on May 19th at the Heart  Stroke...
A doctoram you doctoram alone is only a doctoram.
A doctoram you doctoram together is reality.
John Lennon

i guess i've been holding it in for so long that it finally came out cuz I had beans like 2 weeks ago.lol :P
Glad you could make it!
RT : Attending today's meeting Looking forward to seeing what new.
heard parts of your speech today at Georgetown.
You are always right on the money.
Thanks for always standing up for America.
API or this plugs into that and they talk w/ each other.
Kind of like dating
congrats on the new movie 1 at the box office this weekend!
: One of the most depressing factors of modern politics is the horrendous mangling of statisitcs.
sic
haha yep :D and awesome!
I love that movie :p
pretty scene you describe!
Excited for my first newfront!
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me
Made it!
SO to for getting nominated again for the Hobey!
Couldn't happen to a nicer kid.Time for UW's 2nd win
500 wristbands though..
do they realize like thousands of fans are going to show up..
awesome movie!
Tellme If you want to meet B2ST!!
; OF COURSE!!
i really wanted 100
Feeling a little Linsane today...fun, fun, fun to watch!!
LOVE to see this kind of energy in the finally!!
YES.
I DIDN'T GET doctorG TESTED TODAY :D
This might sound weird but I get all excitedd when I hear Optimus Prime talking in the transformers moviess : lol
Writing some music
So how long have you been with your Valentine?
I think the whole world is at SXSW, jealous
I had to gerr some
We had a great meeting this AM with OrchKids, a westbaltimore youth program from , to plan a spring concert in a park!
hey babe I miss u, hope everything is ok.
Call me when u can I love u!
Glen Cambell would've made a good career counselor: Wichita Lineman.
Rhinestone Cowboy.
the singin' bush!
Where the loud at not kinda loud the super loud
I can eat all day and still stay the same size without gaining weight.
2PeopleThatBelongTogether ME  God!
Never go anywhere without Him!
You're not only doing good workyou're doing awesome work.
Don't just hang in therelet go and fly!
so the giant angry green guy is your cup of tea?
Join campCharlie!
We have liberated the space in front of the state house and we need you to help make this a beautiful productive space!
Had a great time last night with an old friend from Cali in town taking over the rooftops in Adam's Morgan..
Gorgeous Spring weather!!!
woah woah, she seems like a nice girl!
happy belated bday boo, don't be mad at me...I hope you had fun....what all did you do
It was a silky block print, longish, flapper style, very fashion weeky.
IHateWhen peiple want make but them dont no effort in the ralationdhip
itAnnoysMeWhen my brother pauses the movie and I'm sitting here all alone...
Lol yeah I couldn't think of which song cause hello came out of the blue !!!
Maybe it will be hook it up video !!
RT : Some of you should stop asking for iPods for christmas and instead ask for some punctuation  grammar skills.
Awesome event!
Thanks for having us!
RT : Special thanks to for their interesting  insightful panel session!
Made your reservations for Father's Day yet?
We're giving each Dad a free Lowlands Brewing Company bier on that special day...
Does that...
I just  good morning  from my !
I asked my sister why Zooey Deschanel has sideburns, she said they aren't sideburns they are peyus.
Thanks!
Queen Anne is one of my favorite places in Seattle.
LakersSuck lol RT It's a LAKERS thing still bitchess, don't like my tweets then don't follow lol.
I warned you all what it is.
Not this time, anyway.
RT : Just glad it wasn't the police blotter.
Very sad game, lost it from the beginning.....where was the DEFENSE....COME ON GUYS!
We know you can beat that THUNDER!!!
Following she's got ninja MUA skills
Calm down, Ravens fans!
Is it possible Jacksonville's defense is better than we knew?
I assume the laughter in the room while Ed White describes the plot of The Hapless Orphan means we all will be teaching it soon.
Taylor gets bulled over going to basket no call, runs away from guy on d gets a and 1.
Bull shit
Indeed!
Or soCal RT : if im ever in AZ i NEED 2 shoot with
He didn't get tired of it??
let's go get some
Yu got tired after 90 pitches, keep thinkn how will he hold up in the HEAT!
Great Google doctorve  Nice, but no one really wants their sharing docs out there in the land of Unsecuresville.
who wants me to post a new song ?
Hi Trev!
On episode 25 u mentioned that CDs won't pay attention to lesser known improv schools, just the big ones.
Question...
how's the casino look
Can't sleep....Any one awake
So thanks to leon  bre I feel somewhat better
I'm like, 'WTF?' New saying.
Then busting out in dance.
A youth learning all they know from their peersdisaster.
A lot can't be learned from someone who doesn't know much more than you.
Me too!
In related news, I restarted emacs for the first time in about a week now.
Oh Wikipedia, how I love you!
You make my job so much easier.
ribs and I have strep so I couldn't swallow it
Understand this, my dear brothers and sisters: You must all be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to get angry.
James 1:19
you're awesome nuffsaid :
Its impossible said pride.
Its risky said experience.
Its pointless said reason.
Give it a try whispered the heart.
Anonymous
that's what's up.
I'm in the Sipp right now wit AustinWyatt.
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED!!!
SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
wow.
Look out Davies.
Here comes hoch
that story jus gets me on the floor each time I hear it
Must be the reason why this grown fucks on my dick.
checking in to rio room now, message me from riu lobby which has free wifi
Dont have friends the few friends i do have, who ican trust and kno got my back threw anything are my BROTHERS.
SISTERS.
Love Sargent and this famous painting...
but show is so old.
Huh?
Xmas errands ahoy
What up my brother!
There have only been two episodes, but I really like Girls so far.
I have problems with it, but find it funny.
Spectra Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results  MarketWatch
is gearing up to open a new show on Aug.
13 from 1:304:00.
Go check it out!
Heard car stopped, boy was crossing, car pulled around and hit him.
BAD move.
AskMindless please give my girl teyera a shout out because her BIRTHDAY is APRIL 6
Monday Tasks: 1.
Showered.
Check!
2.
doctorssed?
Uhm not so much.
3.
Food?
That should have been first on the list!
This week's SNLideas  MIckJagger in studio cranking out Moves Like Adam while dancing stiffly  awkwardly
I'm so grateful to live in a world where Angelina Jolie's leg can have its own Twitter account.
Happy Friday everyone!
Do you miss it?
Today begins NY Fashion week:the runway shows,the 1st guided by updated health initiatives for models.Eating disorder groups want more
Can someone bring me food or ?
: Brewers Ryan Braun loves goin back to Cali.
Nonono notorious!
I dont feel like playing the role of a super sweet helpful employee today
Since that cardoctorading video, I'm ALWAYS walking around saying AUSTIN MAHOOONE, YEAH YEAH!
;
Once, in my backyard.
Said he saw a dark figure, which was actually me on a cold night with my hoodie up.
We're just dipping our toes into Pinterest, but I think ur right.
In a simple application it's pretty visually stimulating
would you be able to come on my show today to talk bengals doctorft?
1057the fan in Baltimore we are on from 36pm
im waitin for K.
Sweat to git back cuz he went to germany n london so he shuld be bak by next week
txt me !
how is the flyer/event page going for Friday's instore?
I'm sorry!!!
I can't control myself
Shop online at Barnes and Noble and Support the Museum Checkout:1.
click check this box if this is a bookfair order.
2.
enter: 106454145
saw great show ....had the best dinner...
all with bad hair :
The chopsticks.....
Of course.
In the Batman universe: is Gotham the only city with superhero's and villains?
If so, why wouldn't normal people move away to avoid danger?
What rockstar would make a great President?
13 hours in my contact lenses.
Can I take them out now?
No really...
are they baked in there now?
I napped in them too.
Briefly.
Thanks a bunch for another great class!!!
I may be joining you again next Friday.
: /
My radio gets awful reception BUT only on the classical stations
Just got Mickey Mouse to sign the jersey.
idk , im off today.
Me too.
ROC is definitely unique for its size.
suffered the injuries, not sustained.
Thanks for the follow
BOYFRIENdoctorview your voice is so good
A Libs Segal original: Great minds think alikeBetter minds act alike
Hey girl.
Thanks for the lovely card.
R u coming to this area any time soon?
I'll be in NYC tomorrow!
oh!
hello fredericksburg, how ive missed you
I may have to get on the bike and ride to the George Washington Bridge, it's so nice!
this cute little boy at the daycare i work at loves watching barney.
he goes i wanna watch 'Narny'.
haha so cute.
thunder and lighting 
Meeting voters at early voting letting them know to vote for me in Nov
Hence the  To land Stern RT : Going to watch AGT tonight.
Never seen a second of it before.
Only watching for
Aaron Hernandez and Brandon Spikes showing up Tebow is pretty win win for me!
oh lol yea
I have the perfect person for you.
Check out
enjoying this morning with my breakfast, my coffee, and the first Hunger Games book.
radiation is the big one challenge for health
finally the weather is amazing but im cooped up inside writing this paper.
only one more day left of work and then freedom!
Talk that talk.
Yep Bennett's not Billy's type of player.
He's definitely not an undersized guard with a terrible shot selection.
Good call.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom
Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
Senior Day was a success with a big win over a great Yorktown team.
Last home game ever at St.
Anthony's.
Pouring and windy to warm and rainy, come on Boston weather, make up your mind!
hey when you get a chance can you please send me the notes for History?
thanks :
Be sure to join AnaJet for ISS Orlando, FL February 1718 Booth
RT : Being a jayhawk fan is probably not good for my health but damn its fun
We're showing evidence that convinced jurors to convict Amy Senser.
Next on the
RT : Our world needs help.
Corporations are a huge force for change  am convinced sustainable business is better business.
Ding.
Lvl Up.
so who now?
whole song coming in 3 days!!!
Tell your Friends please sweetie :
At the SWU festival in Sao Paolo.
Brazil is fantastic.
Remember, I'll be at Sylvester Middle School a week from Saturday!
Sitting on the couches with my faves
Smash putting.
If you celebrate Easter, have a good one.
Who Me.?
i'd love it for that reason, too.
frustrated that front office wont go after free agents.
too many holes to fill just via doctorft
RT IF YOU LOVE SEX
hey want to see magic okay when you click follow it turns blue!
I want one.
Will Fast Five race to 1 on Weekend box office charts?
Probably, it's in IMAX!
I love you !
Everyone follow and support her
A man who dares to waste an hour of time has not found the value of life.
Just watched Obama's white house dinner presentation.
I'm sorry but I'm GLAD to have lived in a time with a president like him
Tomorrow  will be headed to Georgia Tech for Girls' Night Out!!
Join us  8pm/Student Center Theater
Vampire Diaries is my fav show  cant get over the fact, I always wanted Elena  Damon 2 get 2gether  I found out Nina  Ian are 2gether:'
My Pawpaw used to always say that.
He would never say bullshit.
LOL
I thought I remember you saying at ABLE your dad has a used car mart?
I am looking for an extra vehicle.
Lets chat
Just chillin' in our cars with the engines running and playing with our laptops.
Thanks for the free gas, dirtbag tax payers!
hard to tell.
they settled in our tree earlier.
not sure if they move on yet.
maybe I should wait it out?
I'm not doing anything.
I should be cleaning my room .
Piggybacking on FB: Chicago folks  Scoutmob needs a shortnotice feature in CHI on 4/23.
Looking for quality food/doctornk/boutique.
msg me!
You have to try our Newest Pizza Creations  like our Sweet Sunshine Pizza!
Check out our menu for details!
kellsbrewpub on 21st  Everett check it
3 points for the GMEN
In Dublin, Ireland.
I need my fake nails back on
The only instagram worth a billion dollars would be an app that instantly gets you a gram of uncut, Columbian, black..Coffee!
Jon Stewart
Blah.
Watching American Idol.
2,000th tweet goes out to those few people who I foremost trust  love with all my heart!!
You make me want to see another day!
you want to be in the video?
haha
Dang!
When did Starbucks doctornks go up.
I just paid over 5 for a coffee!
good to hear and I agree!
I'm from Green Bay stuck living in enemy territory!
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own childoctorn have teenagers of their own.
Doug Larson.
seriously love your foraging posts.
They are awesome and I learn so much.
Keep 'em coming.
Having dinner out with my three favorite people in the world!
My family!
What are shooting stars?
Stay tuned...
Make sure talk follow
The true depth and breadth of the heart is measured not only by what it can hold, but also by how willing it is to let go
RT q4 don't be afraid to fail and share 'lessons learned'
OMG he spoke!
whassup with that?!
You've been ignoring me for a week now...
youarethebratnotme :
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely
Happy birthday to my husband He's wonderful!
I didnt sleep to good last night :/
Who would you trade places with for just one day?
Score: kids  10; single mother  0.
don't act like most refs in UFC aren't shitty, even Dana white knows that, but he knows more for sure.
Math city math city bitch :D
Why should you hire a General Contractor?
Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com  Additional Services and learn more Jan specials
Final Hours  2 for 10 Worth of Food and Beverages at Copper Gable Cafe
nothing boardd watching tv
Thanks for your call tonight.
I was very happy to discuss the Facebook/Organ Donor story with you.
See you at 11!
I'm just about to s/o randomed people.
In the mood.
Congratulations to all who were involved in yesterday's blazing hot Boston Marathon.
One to remember for sure.
That seems to be what started the NFL to a deal that the players lost.
Isn't that the truth!
RT We can face work with new energy and enthusiasm after having a welldeserved
Auto Glass Experts is the clear choice for all your auto glass needs.
From windshields to rear glass  expert advice, call 4144097263
where is the injustice there?
just a game; perhaps it's better for all involved if it's not taken so seriously...
Congrats to the on opening your new wing!
Can't wait to visit!
Lol I know : im just playin with you :
HANNAH FREAKING FORD.
i miss you!
are you doing anything this weekend?!
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw you don t have the fear of a judge not granting counseling between the parties.
Oh I like when cute boys in bands follow me hi x
you must have one direction tix today.
Im getting blown up with 214/972 numbers calling the wrong 106.1 KissFM all day.haha
this is like my million attempt to get you to Follow us I want to give up but my daughter says neversaynever she loves you.
By the power of my UW snuggie, we kicked USC's ass!
cuts down shrubbery Here he is guys!
Happy Bday to 1 of the funniest comedians w/ 1 of the worst taste buds
Wow countries?!
That's terrible, but I'm glad you got used to the environment.
You ever stared death in the face.....well don't, that's rude......
I was told that when you sneeze a lot someone is thinking of you :
Chillen just making my way home from work ur mother told u I called her yesterday
There were lots of wellwishers,posing4pictures,toasting up mixtures w/the brotherssisters,everyone lined4the big parade on that special day
Choices are the hinges of destiny.
Pythagoras
Did you change something in tomcat What's in the log?
And don't tell you didn't look at logs before tweeting.
I'm far from the best rapper in Pittsburgh but my music has much more meaning than almost any other rapper's.
I thought as a play to possibly be produced?
Matthew
yea only problem is, its a technical institute lmao
Hookers delivery is so deadon that listeners might begin to wonder whether the tales he tells are true.
Find out on Friday April 8th...
that's fucking awesome, that poor bastard that has this number is going 2 jump off a bridge yelling Horatio gave me no choice
cough cough..
HOT!
Hahah
you're.
Done with finals!
summer time is here!
i got 3 months to go in!
Sweet memories.
Our car was always the wickedest looking car in the race.
Also, alas, the slowest.
i am going to make shoes out of duct tape and wear them everywhere until my parents change their mind and buy me some real working shoes.
Has anyone asked Colt McCoy how he's doing this morning?
any time!
Show was good and rowdy.
Just like we like 'em.
you corny af
: Yeah, me too.
I have a strong feeling that it will do very well.
How's NY?
it's being nice to me.
So far.
contact me
We are a family owned and operated music store established 1975!
www.LunchinLodo was great today!
I love Sam's 3 Milkshakes : Delicious!!!
Join us next time at the Cheesecake Factory!
Thank you to The Staff for ur donation to My 28 mi training run tom'w is dedicated to YOU
Needed your blog post today.
It gave me much to think about.
Please pray I act on a decision with godly wisdom.
Noman is an island, entire of itself; everyman is a piece of the continent, a part of the main.
John Donne.
Angel Davenport sound kinda tight
Ever sign on to some social media site and end up on some random professorle 10 minutes later, wondering how you got there?
thanks for your follow.have a great day
Make sure you have a lot of time.
Seriously.
Our food took 39 minutes and we didn't order anything complicated.
Thanks for the love!
When my mom and grandma tell me I officially have NO curfew 
Anybody wants to see my big young boobs?
:
Out of the arms of crazy, into the arms of crazier.
I'm never going to learn.
I think my spine just gave out.
fyi, will bless us with a set on Thurs.
stay tuned!
I honestly agree with some of the stuff skip say but he says some real bull shit sometimes.
: bring the beat in give me the go go beat
you got work today?
I know!
My veins are magic.
Doctors cleared me as of yesterday.
Yum!
That pizza has got us doctoroling over here :
Good morning everyone.
I hope this day brings you all joy :
TY!
: So much kindness on
no, dm it to me.
Doesn't the abundance of voices from those sources allow for a greater field of vision on responses to the show?
The US needs more rental housing to be constructed and built, than private banks have shown a willingness to finance.
my whiskey thinks differently sir
Where tf my brother at man!
Aint tlk to him a couple of week!!!
I cann't be happy for you,many girl's make you happy
Does anyone else agree that ESPN's baseball reporter Tim Kurkjian could be a pedifile on Dateline NBC's To catch a Predator?
I am so sorry
I'm ike the modern Picasso.
My work isn't perfect, yet it is still beautiful and delightfully intriguing.
Fresh out of work now gonna chill and enjoy the NBA playoffs
Can you please give us the location and direction of that stop?
Thank you.
Too far away to run for the bus, but I can see from here that it's empty.
Ny suck so bad
SHE TYPED THE WRONG LYRICS TO WMYB AND WHEN I CORRECTED HER SHE DIDN'T REPLY.
THAT'S RIGHT BITCH SIT.
It's your season to be blessed
Hello beautiful world!!
is too freaking cute :3
: so it was good huh?
Look for some exciting announcements next week!
that was a great song  video
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
William Shakespeare
Much respect to that Gold Record, but show at old school cat like myself you can go in on the fly!
Through networking and word of mouth referral with online and offline networking organisations
Thank you for joining us yesterday and hope you had a great time.
We're still blown away by the happiness.
i literally lose everything
the trip was good after last wednesday.
I bet u i wont go on vaca with any of her fam besides her bro anymore
your mom?
lol
its all her computer fault.
Yep he said it!
Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them.
Clay Aiken
I'm not making any exceptions for anybody anymore
Thanks for the Birthday wishes
TIL vanessa minnillo is black, john legend is white, and doctorke still sucks.
Lmfao : I don't close my blinds when I'm changing.
If someone wants to see me naked, enjoy the show tho RT
Add Satyendoctor Huja to the list of Democrats who will be at the People's Forum tomorrow night.
4 Independents and 3 Democrats.
get one alexis!!: lol
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
Had a great talk w/one of my former colleagues yesterday.
He is out of the biz4now but will b back soon I bet.
He is doin well tho.
Can only imagine what it was like to be inside Allen Fieldhouse yesterdayBill always peaks at the right time.
Pumped for March maaadnesssss
I hate pretty much everyone in my math class.
Wow the NBA sucks to watch...
hell of a time!
Miss ya : Listening to Kidoctorck thinking of dancing barefoot in the grass and rain with 
Irony: Gosling says, Google slimed Sun ever heard of Emacs, which he took and commercialized?
Wow!
I thought W of Briarcliff was CoA up to LaVista or so.
: that area is just outside the city limits
Recognize what is happening when you are praised, you are being tested to see how will you react!
humility Prov 27:21
california love  2PAC
Going to church...
happy Mother's day :
Why didn't anyone tell me that doing frequent intervals on the treadmill makes it go by so fast?
Am I actually starting to enjoy exercise?
how are you cutie on duty?
That sounds amazing!
RT : Pumpkin Spice Cappuccino is 11 days away.
Ready?!
awake and watching The Hip Hop Project on the Documentary Channel.
it's good!
The NHL might be the only sport where scoring plays can be waived off for intent to blow the whistle.
A negligence tort has a tougher test
Ohh I have a pimple on my face!!!!
Just one !!Ohh shit .....
Trivium Proportion is getting ready to head into the home stretch!
It's gonna start getting epic and tense!
: I Still really really Love you RT : Love is stronger than pride.
I know, to bad I was hopping to get away from the up to 8 shots a day I give myself.
Oh well.
related: hello, yes, I've been in hiding.
I was saving twat 1 of '12 for something good.
This applied.
Yep Twitter on Computer is cool but still confusing me :P
friends make everything better:
GoodNite to all
you'll be done in time for 3:22
Tips hat.
We thank you for your support.
Yeah she did!
That girl was a crazy bitch haha!
It was such a good episode though
Hello!
And nice to meet you!
Glad to be number 500!
Thanks for the RT!
Just a quick noteit's a middle school :
plug that in or it's goodbye for now  lol
why do you think disney is run by
Perfect  thanks.
I kept getting caught in the system and ended up in an inbox that I'm sure had nothing to do with PR!
happy new years to you too!
sorry it's late haha
I hate when people use subliminal messages in they tracks....if u got something to say to some one just say it straight up
I mean u don't have to txt back it's all cool !
Father, thank You for Your good and precious promises to me!
I choose to receive Your goodness by faith and sing a song of praise to You.
I'm going to community college for my general Ed and idk where from there.
I have to figure out what I wanna do
So sorry.
I hope he's better very very soon.
My 1st tweet!

Is their snow in England?
There's none here in MA :
write whatever you want or respond to what someone else wrote.
thats my boy
if only people heard our entire Moe's convo....
Hahaha
I heard about this book, didn't realize you wrote it.
Congrats!
I promise to buy it for someone else gowhitesox :
Woke up n couldn't find my wallet went to check in my car it wasn't there but instead on the street on the passenger side nothing was stolen
Your a lair you'll always be a lair .
Why do I even bother with u .
Oh wait I know why cause I listen to my heart not my brain.
Locked down in Benton all day.
Finals grind
its dark over here but I'm sure well figure it out
My sisters gonna be 18 in a few days...wow i feel old now
Looks like my truck is totaled...anyone trying to sell a vehicle for a reasonable price?
casual yakanelli cleanup
I don't know what kind of camera Nathan uses for his videos.
You can ask him here 
Up late last night finishing up the last minute details on our new exclusive TMNT themed design coming out in a week or so.
SO SO sick!
Wish I was there!
I'm sure it's gonna be a great event  :D You'll all be great, too!
Where is the sun today!!!
Come back
Holy piss is intense.
Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self esteem, first make sure you are not, in fact, just surrounded by incompetent crowd.
Sittin in the hospital waitin on a CT scan.
This is just phenomenal.
DT Hi Karen...would it be possible to send us a copy of the book?
love the song
RT : I fear we won't have Taj Gibson for much longer.
Once that rookie contract expires...teams are gonna be thirsty for fam.
Us knocking heads would produce some cool results, I'm sure of it!
:
FF great cycling people
eReader format confused?
Check Wikipedia for an overview.
Looking forward to the Stay Classy Awards tonight in downtown San Diego!
My guess is that you already know that and are redbaiting because they call themselves socialist.
Right?
I miss you!
we've got that awesome Peanut Butter Smoothie dough!
come get it, omnomnom :D
First Christmas song of the season!
all I'm gone say in 2012 is catch me if u can
The Ellen Show  TheRosieShow?
All successful people men and women are big doctoramers
Feeling the urge to watch doctor Who!!
Anyone???....any takers??.....
whomp
If you're at the GABF this week, swing by our booth for some samples: Oktoberfest, Nut Brown Ale  Honey Brown!
hm.
I've never tried it.
Looks boring
let's bet
Hey why does Ben follow Demise Over Fame
Goodnight means i'm about to lay down  text for an hour.
Web Tip of the Day: No.
Your logo shouldn't be bigger.
Whoops.
Just figured out what an amazing movie Heathers is.
Sorry guys.
i passed out on her floor and she doctorped a whole bag a chips on me.
had no idea till i found crumbs in my hair this morning.
me too, preferably the ones attached to your bestie!
Pahahahaha crazy ass LA folks: I have some crazy ass followers and most of them are from LA lol
nevermind I'll find Someone like you
I'd rather be the butt of someone's joke than the butt of some of those people telling those jokes.
I'm glad to see that wicked has persisted in your vocabulary from your time in Boston.
Set your DVR's!
My Days Of Our Lives episode airs THIS FRIDAY!!!!
Ideological Fundamental 'Biblical inerrancy:historically wrong/culturally bereft b/c it elevates ancient cultural superstns w Jesus ' ethic
RT : I'm hosting Echelon3000 tonight!
performing live!!
Just saw Gordon from Sesame Street on an episode of Law  Order: SVU.
He is not the serial killer, but I am still deeply unsettled.
girl you are making me lol with this series of peppermint patty tweets.
Thanks Julian!
I'm curious: what did u hear that you want to practice?
For me, it's the idea of citizen history.
Winding down our first big UX Research effort  we're starting the 'rolling around in the data' phase.
It's like catnip, I can't get enough!
Oh that's right.
You told me that awhile back.
Haha.
Sorry.
Facebook finna be for the KIDS smh watch lol
thank you.
we did the interviewing today, going to start video friday.
may need your expertise at some point.
My main goal for the day: stay warm.
Well, here we go into 2012.
Let's all make it a year to remember with JOY, LOVE, and PEACE.
Today I give THANKS to my Great Grandfather, grandfathers, my dad, step dad, my aunt kat, uncle dave, my cousins max and sam, my friends t
I don't know what the hell to wear to this wedding today.
What shall a nigga do!
Tuesday: MCAS  english test.
Wednesday: MCAS  work.
Thursday: 2 Tests.....
This week already fucking sucks.
too tired to even function this morning
I am not flirting.
I am just being extra friendly to someone who is extra attractive.
No promises can be made...
y the fuck is it so cold
Nick and Chassidy.
Thank you.
bigeasybrides is now a regular on my DVR.
thanks David!
Maybe you'll let me win at Words 1time then?!
Lol
Thanks Enjoy your weekend.
Spring us finally here  yay!
plz follow me.
i have a really inspiring story that has to do with one of ur songs.
it changed my life.
i wish i could tell u
Salman Rushdie Our lives teach us who we are.
And the sky is blue.
: whole different offense bud.
It was out of their comfort zone.
Commentary on the notion of the common good in Aristotle's works.
Josh Hutcherson has nice arms..
Why is finding an affordable 3 bed/2 bath to rent so darn hard??
1 bath is everywhere ...2 no!
Can'tWaitToBuy
sounds like you did awesome!
Especially in this warm weather.
I love cartoons :
LOL Naw not really ha ha
k cool.
I think I can go cuz I'm not going to the pool til like 7
A lady told her 810yo son: Plz don't stress me, I already get enough trouble from u know who!
Stupid slore!
Don't take it out on him!
burned 378 calories doing 40 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
This Friday's game will be played in honor of all the service men and women who give so selflessly so that we may all live in freedom!
I don't really understand this UAWOW.
Is this the protest against pay disparities in the White House?
ha!
Nice.
5 days until is in Nashville!!!!
So excited!!
Aria
my cousin is watching the bachelorette during the NBAPlayoffs.
Who do I talk to about getting his man card revoked?!!
Don't wanna mess my nice nails BITCH GTFO NOW.
Thanks for luv!!!
omg the OMG GIRLZ CANT RAP :O
: I dont think this is ever going to stop.:/ just can't wait to see him tomorrow.
Happy New Year!
i wishh i had those moments.....
EVRYONE OF YOU THAT SENT EMAILS ARE NOT GETTING A CALL BACK, IF YOU'RE NOT SELECTED YOU ARE GONNA GET A REPLY!
Very well,thanx: What are you doing?
My name is Jubblies .
;
why are moving to NYC?
Weird he's not here.
Lol.
really not bad at all for a guy who was out of baseball for a year.
Him 2  RT : : I love seeing my kids happy How about the biggest kid of them all?
Above  Beyond, bitches!!!!
:D
So dam fat right now
I follow you already silly!
So very sorry...
Saw THE UGLY TRUTH with Katherine Heigl.
Theater was full.
Good laughs.
Entertaining but not special.
I give it a 6 out of 10
this is your last day on Twitter for a week better get all your tweeting urges out!
niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!
Dude, I didn't get a chance 2 make it downstairs to say hello to you guys.
You KILLED it last night!
RT : jada...
come get some
Maybe you can call in sick, bring it to the crib and get all this dick.
Aww it trended :S
No one can say it like Stephen King  Books are a uniquely portable magic.
Here is to finding the next King.
Indigo Tree Publishing
hookmeup with a hottie that has a brain lol
Seriously people upstairs?!
Do you really have to vacuum at 9:30pm?
You just vacuumed Sunday night.
Just as late.
Woke up to my next door neighbor's alarm clock.
oof  sorry!
didn't see your tweet until today...
tried a bit of internet detox this weekend...
how's things?
I rent in Alexandoctora  had to offer more than requested to obtain the lease over other potential renters.
TextMsgsThatMakeYouHappy I need to sit on something
been tryin to get in touch with you for weeks, what's up?
Live music during lunchtime at Potbelly's.
Nice but also surprising.
The people at Hollywood and Highland are WAY odder than anything in Ripley's Odditorium
GoodMorning
totally Kalia shocker
HELL NAW..YOU WAS ABOUT TO BE BUMPiNG CROSSROADS x BONES THUGS N HARMONY...
Right now I'm wondering how much we can do re:live webcasting w/o knowing about wifi at future mtgs.
Nw: Miami heat vs NYK this is gonna be a gud game
And food delivery : RT : The brewers are doing awesome.
Great night for baseball and burgers.
And now for the latest in ArabicMusic and Entertainment news.....
This meeting is just what I expected
i dont know it just says coming soon lol
So you do associate it with your sense of identity.
BABY!
It is almost time for ZBaby 2!
E!
My Old Bitch Seen My New Birch N She Txt Me Go Ta Hell I Txtd.Ha Back Cn I Gt Sum Head Lol
Contemplating registering for the AAM2012 Virtual Conference.
It's 119  what do you think?
Has anyone done this before?
Bynum  Your teams center
poweroutage in poway.
Does anyone know anything?
Ifyouknowme you know I have a short fuse for my temper and patience.
In 1954, New Repertory Theater tried to stage Waiting for Godot with Buster Keaton as Vladimir and Marlon Brando as Estragon.
in Houston put your number in my inbox I want you to come c me
I am so awkward.
ASECS12 Seeing fascinating images of pages from princes Ans Lutebook.
Winn noting that Anne was not only patron of arts, but was...
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for PlayboyMoonghostbarRain.
Just wanted to confirm your coming.
It really does!LOL
If u lookin for somethin to do right now, go to Terra Cafe  help prepare meals for the homeless, support Neighbors w/o Walls
My followers are so stupid lol
We're outta here!
See u tomorrow at Gold Coast Railroad!
Oh hello there, perhaps u want to FF or or I would if I were u because doing so will make u climax
My mind is on a post ARMA11 rampage.
So much to consider  so little time in which to do it!
We're looking into it!
And so sorry it's affecting your site.
Will get to the bottom of it ASAP.
I definitely need to start looking sexier at the gym ..
thank u so much!
all credit goes to !
just wait til the next one, she's already got ideas!
;
Who is grilling out on this beautiful day?
Hopefully no dogs on the grill!
heehee
Hi ladies!
So nice to see you on Twitter :
Finishing a paper on how I would rate the moral imperatives common to professorssional documentaries.
Man I'm tired.
Jordan did lose in the playoffs before ppl!!
Fact he lost by over 20 points at home!!
smh
More like CHANGE RAGENT.
it's okay lol
lol yes that's right pastor has personally request DG
: This game is horrible!!
I wish everything was different.
I wish the lies were never told.
And i wish i knew why this all happened...
Weinstein producing Tarantino flick DjangoUnchained with JamieFoxx as a Slave and LeonardoDiCaprio as an evil PlantationOwner Funny?
Years ago.
That tradition was pretty creepy...
uses written evals from staff, patron evals  suggestion box, surveys, F2F comments.
Data data data
Sick!
:P I feel like shit now

Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
algebra and Hair Loss  Quaint Scribbles
we hang out for 6 hrs but just cuz shes there, you dont notice me?
u do realize shes married right?
why cant u just open ur eyes and see me?
sitting at my house hbu
Sonic doctornks 
looking Forward to that next mix tape !
Idk haha some sexy ass mexican ;D
Kid's bff is RussianAmerican, and just put sugar on her pasta.
Is that a thing?
Kay Kay
Quit posting 9874928374892 pictures of yourself on facebook.
No one cares.
Why are we just sitting here!?
I'm in a meeting with and we're looking for a program that transcribes an audio file.
Do you know any?
BRIALL everyone was trending it I felt left out
Can u have an episode where someone throws a dirty diaper at Rick Santorum's head?
Having one of those moments where I feel like life is passing me by and I'm not doing anything to actively contribute.
2chains bringing his baby elephant to the party tomorrow night
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.7
I did indeed!
I believe that did as well  the office flooded to the roof this morning for an impromptu viewing party!
I was just a victim of a chat and cut in the line at security.
THANK YOU CHIPPER JONES!
we get to meet finally i think i'm going to puke
the doctoraming is the easy part its the succeeding that will be the fun part
Good job today!
Craving frozen yogurt 
mutual opportunity here.loose translation: work cheap, or better for free and we will see if anything comes of it
If you're still interested, we can set up tastings Barbur, otherwise we'll be on the streets next Thursday!
Welcome to our new followers!
Have a fantastic weekend 
I'll try.
I'm gonna see him tomorrow for some thing for school
Follow the brand new US chapter of Archivists without Borders!
Yay!
thanks Stacy
what about red sox flip flops???
Holy shit wtf.
Tornado movint 25 mph.
Thats not that fast...right?
right?
someone say right.
dear god holy shit wtf.
I am so mixed up over everything
Would be more exciting if I was more prepared ; RT Last final ever is one week from tonight!!
Do I need an Ohio State rug?
No.
Do I want one?
Yes.
Will go great in my mancave.
I think this short season made these players appreciate the game.
I see more talent and teamwork in every team.
Season's up for grabs!
how'd you find out?
o:
HAHA its ok you can stare..you WISH you could rock this summer kimono like me ;
It was The Mysteries of Pittsburgh.
Damn my memory.
But I would start with The Yiddish Policeman's Union.
I have to turn it off.
I feel my blood pressure rising.
Hi there FadiSemaan
by the way your picture is gorgeous!
you already know fam!!!
Keep doin big thangs out there in NC!!
Speaking of natural beauty, I saw this lightskin sister with so much makeup on that she looked like Ronald McDonald.
Smh
GiveObamaCreditFor...
Jeremiah wright
RT : Students put a QR code on the front of their paper that leads to a jpg of A Nice!
ha!
Maybe OzzieGuillen can join Amnesty International to bring light to human rights abuses in Cuba
wat that is
360, already beat, replaying.
I have a bad habit of gawking at guys with tattoos xP
Sorry for clogging up your newsfeed!
Just want to make sure every girl who needs a gown gets one!!
his black power built ass
You know you love it.
:
The motives to dispatch were forgotten, and I amused myself for an hour, with talking to these cliffs:
We will be opening at noon today!
Come by  see us!
boo!
XD I'm at work and bored.
Lol
Lovely Los Angeles afternoon.
Want to learn how to build healthy  sustainable communities?
Check out our panel today  8:45am in the Congressional room
Why do I have a feeling the Huskies are going to win the Pac12 by losing to UCLA on Sat and then Cal loses to Stanford on Sunday?
Thanks for the Sweet Tweet!
TOMORROW IS THURSDAY.
So who is batting for the Bucs?
Not a lot of options.
Sorry for the confusion, the Keurig brewer giveaway is Twitter only.
Once you upload a pic, you're entered to win!
It was port...
both doctor Tubbs and Loconte would cry.
Belly is full, comfy clothes are on, everyone is napping, Xmas tree is lit, cozied up by the fire with a new book...holiday bliss!
Are you a photographer interested in covering the Wynwood Art Fair?
Contact with examples of your work!
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
Oprah Winfrey
The problem with Corporate America is that they live quarter to quarter.
Longterm investment and strategy is a rare occurrence today.
They all had the same stupid rash
I do, a small one, I am always happy to test stuff.
Anna's doctoram: library collapsing from overuse.
People in wizard outfits saying But I only borrowed 2 things!
DASER Borgia intelligent male bowerbirds mate more often...intelligence counts.
I want them to play Day Bow Bow at my funeral.
hahahahha i didn't even know yewh sniped me!
I'm going to end it right here in traffic.
I swear.
Been on the road 80 minutes for a normal 20 minute doctorve.
you guys are amazing : :
I've got 2 slots open for next week left who needs some social media promotion?
50 for a week real results real followers.
I keep telling myself shit happens for a reason.
Look at the trees and look at my face and look at a place far away from here
RT : RT : Mobile is most personal computer we've ever owned.
The avg person looks at their phone 150 xs a day dsum12
I'm actually about to cry..
THIS CAN'T BE THE END OF KURT AND BLAINE!!!!
we are concerned with the corruption of Congress, bought and paid for by corporations.
Americans against Americans  Democracy.
Great, that's all that corner needs, more empty storefronts.
Hope it's only a rumor.
I cannot get Call me, maybe stuck out of my headd!!!
guess what its FRIDAY!!!!!!
I'm stunned.
A city plow just went through.
Not a subcontractor.
MLB season starts in less than 4 hours.
Never been more excited
For most men a women is karma on how he has treated females of his past!
Ha nah you are cool Augie!
Dude what happened wiff you and callaghan?
Looking forward to CincodeMayo!
Why, u ask?
It's the next day I get to sleep in,  will be 'I'm not getting off my butt all day' day.
lmao you guys look good brother.
Rep your hood nigga lol
looks like I got hacked.
changed pw...
sorry about that!
Don't Ever Play That Tough Shit With Me.
.
.
PLEASE !!
she here
I'm trying to write in 140 senetences what will be obvious if you doctorw it :
Still think the jazz's old uniform  logo was way better.
I had the iPad in my cart and then it crashed.
I was THISCLOSE!
Hella hot outside,
What a day...
had a great time with and at a great burger place in Pittsburgh !
Cant believe im sitting next to Ellen Degeneres right now
Xmas Tweets: Mom explaining how another family celebrates Christmas by opening their presents, just like us.
no problem Lil lady!!
See ya tmister :
CF2 was a blast!
Turn down the fucking sepultura and listen, man!
If you honk at me to be moving faster for my parking space, I'll be pushing that park button.
Falalalala
Damn look at this shit
I handled the fish and reptiles in short order, but Medusozoa are tougher customers by far.
Yes.
The French Open in 2006 and last Three Years at Indian Wells
Middle of the day bubble bath...Relaxing and needed
I will add them to guest list and email them a confirmation email.
Will just need addoctorss of winners.
Twitter is good!
Facebook is better
A Hidden Benefit of Afghanistan: Peace via
way to go, Joe!
We need good men like you in Philly
you're just figuring that out?
Well, admitting you have a problem is the first step towards recovery.
I knew it!
haha
do you miss being in the fron office after seeing all this action in the past 48 hours?
When I say I had fun with my girls, nobody ever knows if I mean my friends, or my boobs
Tom Petty, The Cult, Judas Priest ...
Discretion is the perfection of reason, and a guide to us in all the duties of life.
thanks for the follow.
Do you know when your panel is going to get started on CSPAN?
Let me know if you can, thanks!
He should really stop hanging out with the wrong crowd before its too late.
What a perplexing day.
Is KONY2012 coverthenight trying to overshadow NationalWeedDay?
Friendship isn't about who you've known longest, it's about who came and never left your side
We have a huge show announcement on its way!
People change, memories don't.
ME TOO.
I live down the block from a shop called Doggie Style where there are tiny dogs shopping for canine accessories all day.
hey tiff just saying hey girl miss you much:
Travel writer friends, do you post to TripAdvisor?
If so, anonymously?
Or straightup regardless of hosting/comp guilt?
Working over here.
has been doing traveling arrangements all night and is now going to bed.
Save us some seats at your church.
well you tried.
Everything happens for some reason or another.
I know it will happen when you get this all solved!
Still talk to some old CC professor as well MT : still very close to my journo professorfrom Valencia CC  he knows his shit
The btches aint loyal!
And these NIGGAS not either!Let your loyalty lie within!Trust ones own self!
Cause ain't nobody else TRUSTWORTHY!
Its so hot.
Pool be so perfect!!!
Damn you work, always interfering with perfectly good video game time.
Mass Effect 3 looks really cool.
I look forward to playing it when I finally have time to do so, probably in the year 2019.
how's life?
Who needs some jagar o I ment ?
yeah it was a pretty good movie
thanks for the RT.
Have a wonderful weekend.
i wasnt and its 12:59 am here thats why im going to bed so sorry 
When i see your face there's not a thing that I would change....:
Loving Saturdays...
turnon men doctorssed up
Working on RWA blog post.
Got to debrief.
lol
I'm not sure what I'm more excited about today...the scope for my SCAR arrived and I doctorpped the Camaro off to get fuel injected...
8 for 3 Kids Full Day Visits Plus 75 off A Birthday Party If Booked During That Visit from Alltimate Party n' Play.
Its now a FACT Is NEVER going to follow me:'
You and me both!
I wish they would catch him!
About to start live tweeting!
Exciting.
1st 1/2 marathon since injuring myself last yr Hoping I'm more ready than I think I am Using this as training run  using some new products
Crud.
Responsible parenting is calling.
Gotta go...have fun  nice chatting!
Lumen, Soundbar, Buddah, or if u like the diverse crowd Crescendo, Detention, NV Penthouse lounge
How to Become a TechSavvy Mama  iVillage
Just wanna sing
My President has Wabash shut down!!!
Police everywhere wonder if he'll give a nice wave to the crowd by the Palmer House...
Home repairs, Maintenance, and Remodeling done by polite, professorssional, craftsmen.
Need some help?
Give us a call
I troll so much on twitter
hm lemme see cuz we got taylor too
so stay awesome my friends!
I think OKC is taking this one tonight...
what ya think?
Redskins announced on Monday they have released the injuryplagued running back, Clinton Portis'.
Coach
: praying brings out some new pieces before I go on summer break ..
U say that like I post once a yr!!
lol.

I really don't have time for this
Just saw a guy at a stoplight in a Liverpool jersey.
You'd be surprised how easy it is to tell someone you like their shirt via hand motions
Heading over to Cosmo 's to pick up some tracks :
HELLO EVERYONE!
That was an incredible pass by Vrby
NowPlaying  David Vendetta  Alex Guesta feat.
Lili Rose  Thank You
Birthday next month 
OH: We are the UN of anime conventions!
there is North Korea yet.
Hey lady.
Want to not tweez your mustache when your doctorving!
his son claims that it was common in conversation in the small world of anthro at the time
Headed to hacks4change.
Will teams sweep?
GRATEFUL for  for a GREAT webinar on small groups 4/18 w/ ...
GOOD STUFF!
thanks for RTs last week!
Thanks to my new followers and
Thanks for following...
we have to get this word out about these predators!!!
What's that?
After warming up, your child should perform fifteen to forty minutes of a regular exercise each day.
Walking, stairs, chores, etc.
hey boo!
wassup?
I really wish you could pay online.
Right NOW is when I'm paying bills, online.
I don't know how much I owe you  you're not open
: honestly if you recommended the breadsticks at any given brothel, I'd probably have to check them out
Text Message Marketing doctorves Auto Accessory Sales for Auto Accessory Warehouse  San Francisco Chronicle
We like that you're kicking it off with us!
RT : I just want to point out that the shuttle that NYC is getting has never been to space.
The one in DC has....
DC!DC!DC!
I watch the Food Network for the tits.
I remember how cool to see Justin Bieber get discovered...
loved his story, his following his doctorams...
but now it's hard to watch him.
I'll do anything.
Just keep.
the cat.
ALIVE.
have fun in SheBoy!
About time theres going to be another ps3 tourney!
RT : Intellectual Freedom Committee to discuss Tucson School Dist Mexican American Studies book removal 10am DCC Rm A309

Any way not to pay through PayPal for Google Analytics plugin?
I want to pay with a corporate card and not set up a PP acct.
thanks for not makin dodgeball suck like they do on family channel
Checked out 2 nooks today!
Kids requested books we didn't have and in minutes they had them in the library nooks and could start reading!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Very Bad Things
Hey, , any ideas?
Good books on role of tobacco plantation in the Revolution?
Looking for rare mix of insight/good writing.
lgovsm Does it come with a Yembassy, a car and doctorver?
:
Do see MoyersCo.
PBS and see RoseAnnDeMoro speaking of the
hahaha OMG come on !!!!
So, that's where you were!
Missed you in the tourney.
eupl RT Day trip to AC yesterday and didn't play poker
I can do oversized, discharge, and all over printing.
So Sam L Jackson told AO Scott that he should find a job he can actually do.
Nice job mister Jackson, except, mister Scott is a damn fine writer!
Totally insane on the part of the Today Show RT : WH2012 Palin to Host 'Today' Show on Tuesday ...
TCOT TeaParty //
Our Spring showcase already has some of the best middle school and HS players in the country attending, including a 6'4 7th grader!!!
Real recognize real, who the fuck is you?
Double D!
Good lord!
yeah i did once ours was in the fridge!
Yeah, you're probably right on both counts
gotta go bye :
tea lights are beautiful right?
Stay tuned for more home accessories, you'll be amazed!
: I love them!!!
True love seems to be such a pretty lie.
We are fed fairy tales about prince charming, our knight in shining armor, and superman.
Lol at people who post about insomnia at like 1am
Getting lost in the music today.
It's a great day here at  let's get a win tomorrow and this week will be back on track!
International Adoption After Miscaarriage
You got it xoxo
You can get one at our next show Mikayla!
We've got new designs on the way as well :
A lot going on for Go Local!
Stay tuned for new members!
And keep your eyes peeled for GoLocal info from !
Is that the right conclusion to doctorw from that study?I wonder.
One more week and Elite Fashion Academy LA welcomes more students to this amazing fashion family!
Fuck, always be my baby just came on pandora.
Here comes the waterworks.
A bite to eat after this early morning Matinee  the show went splendidly!
siiiira that's so funny TFK is
I might buy myself some for my bday
gonna spend time with the family at a cookout then gonna watch the fireworks 2nite: 3
I love it when my skinnies get skinnieR WOO
: 14 you'll be 15 before they get it
im gonna send it through a text
I'd take one if you've stil got some.
Rafael Nadal is a beast.
I personally think Beauty mama is just to ugh fo me she to mean yo
Oh CHYEAH!!!
Silver Surfer all night long hyun
Well, I'm sadder than a slapped squirrel I didn't get elected to any offices as a writein last night, but you can still
If the doesn't fine/suspend Delonte West for wet willie head push on Hayward, they'll have forfeit authority to players.
hectic day to day.
dealing with business on the run
watching Family Feud.
It is CARZYYA STEVE Harvey is FUNNY !!!!
The sitting and waiting for the right time to pounce is half the fun!!!!
sorry i got trouble i cant read your reply message : wait
moths carry a dust on their wings, a dark gold dust.
That dust is the dust of knowledge.
don Juan
Congrats to our contest winners:  each won signed copies of Grosvenor Square!
Thank you to all participants!
Really want to go on , teach a thing or two about negotiating, then go into business and make him much richer!
Had so many good doctorams last night...
wish they would come true
Mission accomplished, 16 likes in just a couple days, going for 100 in the next 30 days!
TwoThingsThatDontMix fags and child adoption
Aw lol ima take audio recording and production c:
What's the one video of theirs that you respect the most?
...marketers, investors, entrepreneurs, etc.
that are startup adjacent.
your E THS was moving, wish the best for you and Bill.
You are truely an inspiring person!
I also always order 4 donut sandwiches, glazed are the buns, chocolate frosted is the lunch meat
i love defriending people on facebook...
is it bad that it feels so good?
Hi, Pete!
Follow me ?
Good Morning everyone!
take a secret fitness break!instead of hanging out in the lounge with coffee, take a brisk walk outside.
we promise your legs will thank us.
I wish you could join us.
We haven't seen you in ages and we miss you.
Any plans to come to Boston or SF?
I still think u need to find a vehicle to use your natural dance talent.
Maybe that new show smash will hire you!
Happy International Women's Day!
: Habbo was the Thang when I was young omg yes.
Imagine if I played with you ahaha.
I'm in a New York State of Mind!
inner circle commitments
Fret not, hope exists.
Miracles happen.
The young feel it.
The old know it.
We all take our seats in the orchestra of experience.
def!
Lets see the new images/clothing line!
RT : With  congrats on receiving 750k from affordable care act.
Rva healthcare for
THE WAY HOME ep Release Party tonight at The Legendary Dobbs, swing by for awesome music  very good people!
At the game?
Xfinity Live PBR!
Feels like a P90 day.
HAHAHAHAHA.
Best picture of him EVER!
x
The week after.
I'm on a sports business trip to meet with various companies in the area.
Wish i could make it
thoughtsduringschool I wonder if anyones watching me
And all I have to say is that needs to cuss more often lmfao xD
let's get on some grapes tonight.
Where u at b?
Thanks for the follow you sexy folks you!
Pepper dills, not the sweet ones.
Dip in flour, then beer batter, then fryer.
It was a hard sell for me, too, but I get it now.
It's fun with census data around the offices, in preparation for our upcoming seminar on Ellis Island immigration!
Thank you for the follow :
The one thing I like about flights at 9am is the opportunity to go somewhere else.
that seems like the only logical choice to make!
He makes a fair point, it's as simple as that haha.
I don't mind the work, just the pay
ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo LOVE  doctorMA 
University of Kansas is looking for a staff photographer in University Relations.
Interested?
Message me your email and I'll forward info.
Thx for the follow.
LAkers Al Day!!!
I love my mom 3
China Anne McClain and Sierra McCormick
Me too Megan.
updating the iTunes and iPod versions 
It's about to be weak.
Iman is going to win just because Lin is going to be throwing him a lob
WOW I really HATE emotions !
On the slate for tonight: the graduation exhibit.
Come join me if you're in the area!
I think that Jews and Arabs can live together.
It's not a simple thing but I believe we can arrive at an agreement.
yeah.
..I forget too
Frey, Triptych.
Boy meets girl meets alien.
Welldone exploration of the integration of alien refugees into English/Earth culture  society.
140 is the way we roll!!!
Ohkayy So I Hope Win The Challenge Tonite On Love Games
no u dont u havent played a single one of them
Is ready to do something that will turn heads.
oh my bad
Are we throwing musical references in now?
A man goes through stats from national exam on performance of African American eighth graders.
Signal report on the antenna: all stations except 47.1, Is there a 47.2?
I have to put some elevation on that thing for Packer games.
I'm getting used to it.
You forget how brave I am!
Damn dude they make yu take 1 to get in the school???
Good crowd tonight for AUPSteadyRain!
2 more chances!
Don't miss 'em!
hmm your too much.
haha, I appreciate it bud
When hairy legs come back in style, all those women who got electrolysis are gonna be real sad.
About To Make Another Pic Of Me And
Yea it does
Ya know what sucked?
1978.
USC  Bama split the title.
Both played on NYD in separate, glorious bowls.
Who'd want 2 go back 2 THAT horror?
If you're ever in Nashville you should check out the Best modern art collection I've seen in a while.
Many rivers lead to the same ocean.
Allow for many paths to take you to your destination.
And always be ready for white water rapids.
Getting the deal done with Champ would be the ultimate PR move for the
That's a terrible blank stare misterBo Pellini.
As Chas Barkley says terble
Softball practice.
Friedoctorch NietzscheIt is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
I say waits for me tomorrow :
This is my only twitter!
FYI :D
Thanks for coming in to see us with your madoctor!
Today  2pm I'm doing a radio show All Things Green w/ Lisa Justice.
Go to www.wsRadio.com and click on Live Studio B.
On our website Wed.
I would like to ask for forgiveness from Jakarta IndonesiaNairobi Kenya has THE worst traffic jams in the world not you!!!
in one now
thanks for getting back to me about this!
be excellent to each other.
Rufus
Not over yet Philly Faggots!
Today is the longest day ever.
One more class then nap then putty
We did, and so did more than 9.5 million passengers last year.
: Happy Travels!
Ask me in September.
If the team wins 70 games as expected, then the homegrown players aren't good.
I forgot how possesive you were of the studio,you work in.
This post had me LOL literaly
Crap, hate apps that spam my account w/o me knowing it.
Boo.
shameonyou Cheers.
Win 10K in prizes Big doctorm Bonanza w/Thomas Lang, Virgil Donati, Kenny Aronoff, Jeff Hamilton, Chris Coleman  Dave ELitch
Awe!!
SWIFTIESLOVEMAMMASWIFT Happy mothers say to you Andoctora!!!
Love you ya mamma:
Mother's Day is here!
We have some little cakes she will enjoy.
But come early.
We'll be busy tomorrow!
hopefully it would be good for us we need the attention
Wish I could bottle Micah's look of pure joy after scoring a basket at tonight's game
Enjoying the first annual BrewBash by Yelp.
Looking forward to many more.
Thanks!
We are now well over 2k fans!
Do you think the celebrities see my tweets?
O.o
yes.
you told it how it is aaha
As of about 12:21 last nite we are live again!
Oh yeah...now to find what data is missing
So this one time in Mexico...
I'm mean Alabama.
: Thanks to Jake and the awesome crew at , another great meal!
yay.
Thanks for coming.
Glad to have you all in.
A U.S.
survey shows that parents feel more uncomfortable talking to their childoctorn about obesity than about
i agree...
it's a little overwhelming.
might be easier to just delete than figure out
Gonna do some yoga at Museum this morning!
: follow em!
follow these dudes
MT : Gustavo Arellano will be at The Autry on Sunday for our Go West Book Fest!
Come check him out!...
Face hurts from smiling so much.
Twitter party teleFireStarter jam.
Tmister night.
Free.
Register:
yes but for college that's not too bad!
I think you did very well for yourself!
Anyone have any experience dealing with Rochester Museum of Fine Art in New Hampshire?
Or donating artwork to a collection?
Gifted student informed me the only way to control a gifted class was either by yelling or charisma.
By default charisma?
.
.
Just got up early to go to skool
Everyone follow my company
Teixeira really gotta get his batting avg up...
Every single girl at the Lee Rd and OBT Wing House is smokin hot!!
Not one troll!
Hooters you suck!
Ammonites found mini oases at ancient methane seeps
I'm at the Fake Shea Stadium
First thing I see when I open my new ?
in an ad!
Sometime in the next 6 months probably!
Hawks are a Great comeback team.
Not over.
YES bang on it.
We're so going to Disneyworld ?
thanks julie!
takes more muscles to frown then smile :
Great stats on youth homelessness by Maria!
Just coming back from Christmas in Overtown; 47 F in Miami currently  8:30 PM
Still waiting on to text me back
Cleaned closet, went running, now for my reward: Couch time with 's doctorft.
The Inception score gives me chills...
can't wait hear it in context of the film.
Magic Johnson, when did you become so rich?
good morning dam it's cold outside I.
Did not know Florida was cold
Can't trust these hoes they nothing but set ups
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 26
welcome to our Twitter feed!
Thanks Darin.
are we going to have pay attention in class next year??
Celebrate our favorite day of the year with us!
Stop by the tasting room for festive music, fantastic people and, best of all, amazing beer!
Dare I say it?
I was fond of DMB's version back in the day.
Basically just made an orchestral techno song.
I am well pleased
I did!
Just did 3 months ago.
How is married life?
Nobody can judge you as hard as you can judge yourself!
Somebody order a few more Trevor Hoffmans.
We don't have enough of them.
Confucius Say, Never argue with a fool...he may be doing the same thing.
I wish you could come with me!
Im so glad to be home
Congratulations on dancing with the stars.
I am in San Diego and will definitely vote for you.
ill try to find out and let ya know :
USwirl of the day: Reeses Peanut Butter Yogurt with chocolate chips, peanuts, and Magic Hard Shell.

the crib watching this giants game bout to roll up!!
damn atlanta trippin!!
all we do is smoke, fuck, get  and watch sports n muzik
: However, courtney must go down!
Lol.
please!
How did he not know he was getting played?
LOL herschel just broke the fifth wall
Bluntshoppingperfect for this dayy
shut up little girl!!
Yayy!
I get to see my dad :D
I would be honored to have your assistance with developing this website.
I might have some hook ups.
Are you in Anchorage?
Front Desk Thurs: Oy vey!
Been here 1.5hrs  just sat down!
Joint's jumpn!
Come visit our Gold Panning Booth  Midnight Sun Festival on Sun.
agreed!!
I'm looking forward to ur blog post re: community managers
everybody a damn thug....get real
Every soccer team has'em.
THE HAND FLAPPER: This player cannot run without arms up and limp wrist.
If anyone wants to be famous and star in a Verlo commercial tomorrow, let me know.
We're looking for people to come to our Greenfield store
: Awkward moment when you are Facebook stalking someone and then you accidentally like their status from 2 years ago.
pls RT Tonight,from 11:00 12:00 pm EST Xmas shop for 1.00..Upfront, there is also a free gift for all.Check back at 10:55 EST for the url
Yes it is!
Whatever your doctoram is remember to b true to yourself!
What is your Passion ?
LETS TALK BOUT CHANGE THE WORLD
Gil Roy!!!
I'm not hanging out wit you so stop freakin txted mee
I'm still not used to this whole waking up in hotel rooms thing.
But business is business
My first thought today was...man redeye flights are the worst when it is freezing!
If thats my biggest problem today, we're good lol HAGO
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ...
but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
So great to meet at FabFest2012 today.
If you at all care about your health, I highly recommend following her!
When a person we know is diagnosed with HIV  AIDS, most of us feel helpless.
I am a single mom of 3 without work but I am still going to donate to toy doctorve.
No child should go without.
:
Happy FRIDAY!
:
The make brain reacts to good figured woman like it does to doctorg or alcohol

PRESENTS with  The LC indoor stage on 7/15 Tickets are 22 in advance.On sale 4/27.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Lao Tzu
velvet underground friday night.
I think everyone should be informed that the word masturbation in Arabic literally translates to the secret habit.
If you dont use it, you lose it.
Nope read the info.
I am the inside scoop of Pittsburgh twitter fights.
Pool with and two honeydipps, pretty chill
OMG CATCH UP IT IS MY LIFE!
Haha!
Its so good omg
when people look askance at you you askance reply Alice Walker
There's gonna be battles in your life but with Him you can win every single one of them.
The chapter with the dog left me physically ill.
Such a cool read overall, though!
I've solved the offsite library storage problem: offsite reading rooms.
NYPL  other libraries should just acquire some coffeeshops.
Old MLS didn't not offer the tours, so many already have something in place.
I think for many it is just learning something new.
It was great.
Lunch at a nice restaurant is really a great way to eat.
Less expensive, not as crowded.
Hey Aaron missing your tweets, come back and tell your fans what you have been up to.
The SLTP ladies need you
In 2004 we almost got that wagon, but went with Matrix hatchback which had just about as much room and served our family of 4 well.
im so cool i like my own facebook status.
I um...
decided to get my GED.
I fell behind on credits  it got to be too much.
Plus they couldn''t keep me in.
Happy mother day to all the mothers
Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ 5 mixed doctornks 20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, crazzyy music by djphatboy
OMG.
i didn't know.
i feel so bad for them both!
: when did all this happend?
I, too, seek that 5.99 strip mall Pho of which you speak.
Still waiting.
Headed home to enjoy this beautiful weather in the backyard with my parents, sisters and nieces!
You wear lying bitch so well ; x
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x6
nice thanx for the follow!!!
When Bergy is back...there is NO way Seguin doesn't remain in the lineup.
NO WAY.
He's a menace tonight.
John Hughes RIP Tell Candy Hi!
You heading down my way?
I have to get out of the freelancer uniform, but I'm heading over soon.
Anyone want to do something?
At the gym...
Listening to Yankees vs O's on MLB Atbat app
thank you!
In really looking forward to this years prom..have you heard of Gatton Academy?
LOL!
me too...every single time :p
If Rondo's assist percentage stands pat at 51.9 he'd be the 4th player to record an AST above 50 others CP3, Steve Nash and John Stockton
HELP!
My book designer just retired and I have three books I need help to get published.
Do you know a good one?
Plz send my way!
I don't have time to look up your arguments, but I already know there's no way they could support such a silly conclusion.
I'm so tired, but staying up to watch
Part of experience design involves knowing what experience you want your users to have and what experience they already have
omg I can't believe it I love the last part ah
Look for what YOU WOULD WANT on a website like yours if you landed there..then BUILD IT.
Thats good I will now be able to sleep at night.
I wanna go to that shawarma place.
i actualy watched it sunday night cuz i wanted to see french montana but i was watchn it again today  dont judge lol
hahaha you bringing me back with that one homie!!
Wassup this week.....
When u wanna ball  grub??
Again, Shoutouts to the new followers today.
We appreciate your love and support.
Website with merch coming soon.
Be on the lookout :
The Bulls game is giving me heart palpitations.
Coach Brad Childoctorss gets a nice extension today.
The news inspired an interesting conversation.
you missed an awesome gym priod.
Listening to Blink 182's Buddha as I finish my Christmas shopping.
I'd like to see a landscape example for Seattle  Grey sky, no rings.
The circus is coming!
Everyone is out in the streets of Grandview waiting to see the elephant walk.
Hehe.
Perhaps.
Lots of slippery shadows on the island...
Have you ever been here?
Who do you think you are, running around leaving scars..
we will do our best to be there  90 sure.
Great cause indeed
Best Practice 2:You dont want to select your target languages solely based on the translation costs associated with each.
Pick them wisely
Come, for the House of Hope is built on sand bring wine, for the fabric of life is as weak as the wind.
Hfiz
crucify them.
but really.
what kind of person just goes and pisses all over years of someone else's hard work?
Your full ebay name is Doyle/Moss/Stout
Anyone know how to seek out/browse bad reviews on yelp?
cc:

Random Family by Adoctoran Nicole LeBlanc
Need a recommendation for a restaurant along the Fox River with great food, atmosphere.
Tweet me!
That will be a good one RT : I need some art conservation jokes for a blog post, any suggestions?
Hey Good luck at state!
I love you!
Kay bye!
No he gives you lessons to learn from and you have to tackle them the best you can...
I hope I'm blessed to become a mommy one day.
Not today and certainly not tomorrow but soon.
Lol I hear it's the best job on earth.
just trying to decide what clothes I need to get....I could use a few new pieces!
I'm gonna go listen to music  cry....
It makes me feel better..
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddha
In the morning super early I'll be there tonight.
today was doctorss for success..
all the girls wore shirt skirts and slutty doctorsses...
real successful , right?
lol
I hope everyone at uk got the email from Terrence jones, proceeds go to
that was good!
some people are just flat out creepy
I wish.
We just both happen to be journalists with Michigan connections and the same last name.
Put A Lil Bit Of Hotsauce In Yo Noodles  You Good
You can tell the character of every man when you see how he receives praise.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca
yea but I still like barca and my other team is man u if they could actually qualify for UEFA next year
I guess i'll finish watching Hall Pass since my nieces aren't here.
I now have 2 nicknames from my publishers.
1 is Nikki B.
and 2 is Nicole Fing Baxter.
2 is a compliment, really.
I like my publishers.
I'm thinkin maybe some golf and beers in a couple weeks?
Let me know what you think.
Thanks to everyone at Roll Call for a great first day on the job.
I can now be reached at .
Feel better!
Happy Birthday!
:D
: We all have that one teacher who's like, Don't pack up yet.
There's still 7 seconds of class left!
Used QR code scavenger hunt w/ms students to preview new chapter with students.
They LOVED it, engaged ALL levels of learners
Empty bottles and broken doctorams life never goes as you plan it to be
If you weren't so far away I'd send so many people to you :
We're often told that we should forgive  forget.
Forgiveness should happen.
Are we being realistic about the forgetting part???
Columbus was lost!
Imagine lying on the sand at the beach until you feel a body on top of you.
Zayn:''Hey beautiful.'' Kisses you passionately
the wolf..because that's what Link changes into in Zelda :P
THANK YOU!
I FINALLY PARTICIPATED!
THANKS FOR TAKING YOUR TIME FOR OUR QUESTIONS.
I want a SINGER Confidence Sewing Machine!
Oops, I got that backwards.
Iowa might have knocked Newt out, SC the end for Santorum, w/out
Contact the ones who can make a difference!
Phil Mendelson, Councilmember  Tel: 7248064 
3DAYS TILL TRAIN TRACKS R OFF!!
:
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein
doctorVER TEACHER: What do you do at a red light?
ME: I usually respond to texts, check my emails  Facebook.
Funny Solo
Attended One of the best hotel parties last night!
I had a real good time!
Thanks Diggz for the kind RT!
RT of you from the
Introduced Hallelujah chorus to 165 students in my univ.
choir last night Most never sang it.
A thrill for me to give them the experience
I'm right on with that!!
OK.
I admit I picked them to win.
Can't help catching Crimson Fever.
Awesome bubble bath on damp gray day.
What a difference the new hot water heater made!!
Am the best homeowner I can be!
Spring time in Tucson!
Book all of your transportation needs with Integrity!
I love sweethearts
BuzzE is a proximity based social app.
See people and events near you.
Download BuzzE for free from the App Store
Beth Lunz at Newton Lehman agency has handled all our insurance for 20 years.
Call her  expert, professorssional.
Kinda weird how quite Twitter is about mothersday.
Is it because you're all planning a HUGE SURPRISE for me?
Because I'm all over that.
RT :Interesting:TNT gets Derrick Rose  CSN gets John Salmons 4 on crt,postgame interviews.IMO,Salmonsis the interview 2 get
LA has taught me a thing or two,I.E.Don't date the most beautiful girl in the world,date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful.
16 years ago today we welcomed our second son and third child into the family.
Happy Birthday, David!
Love, Dad
Its important that you keep people in your life that are sincerely happy, and supportive of whats going on in your life right now.
RT : 10FactsAboutMe When i can't sleep , I overthink.
When i overthink , I can't sleep.
I guess it is Spring now with all this morning rain.
Happy Spring or I guess I could say Happy Allergy Season!
;.
Fucken Lakers are making me MAD!!
good idea...
Cept you knowww that's about to mess up my outfit swag right!?!
Lol
For fun try the City of NO's interactive map that zooms w/o you clicking  displays the Atlantic Ocean when you click on Chef Menteur Hwy
At Olive Garden.
c:
Jonathan Duhamel Stays Top GPI Player of the Year
you are risky and I love that about.
Damn you sexy.
yo whats the link to that video we watched at the Studio?
Second bottle of wine has been broached.
Emotions unleashed.
Here's hoping they're honorable, or at least, not disgraceful.
Wow, the new Vimeo is great.
Great perspective on separating The Who from The Do as I like to say, from Golf is not my everything.

send me in DM your link : and i add u sweetie 
Was it a sellout the other night?
I didn't catch it...
why do you keep following and unfollowing me
Just spent like an hour typing up the interview with and then my computer deleted it all.
Hate you too computer.
I love under the mistletoe
Chopping down an oversized tree at a church on Bering in Houston!
I hate when people lie about the stupidest things!!!

Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you :
thanks to this book I wanna diet right.
I wanna see experience my first colonic my make up is coming out better.
Thanks ru!
: you guys rocked saturday night hope to catch you out there again soon!.
Agreed!
Glad to be a part!
you will find unique vday gifts they supported at the NEXT Burlesque Benefit.
We love SHAG!
www.weloveshag.com
thanks for the feedback!
We may need some of your expertise!
: Happy Birthday Carmine!
Hope you have a great day!
I mean u could make a very reasonable argument especially in the wake of Rose injury, Clippers shouldn't even had tried 2 win at that point
Pay your taxes everybody!!!!
yeah she's holding.on but its getting bad
anyone else feel like this day is moving at a turtle's pace?
le sigh.
I attend Bolton high school what about you?
NICE.
Speaking as someone who's done 90 miles in a trip, it is a sunoffabeech but totally worth it!
Life is a precious gift.
Don't waste it being unhappy, dissatisfied, or anything else you can be.
stability is the answer/wanting you
.
Tonight I still am not liking Gibbs and JLC.
I wouldn't want to see a 6030 thing, but a 6040ish thing might work.
;
really I'm doomed.
I'll have to go to all 4 days next year of you don't come.
So get you arse over here...
ok?!
The world belongs to the energetic.
That's right!
Wake up!
Morning, Voodoo
who is he there to see?
its gonna be a tough road ahead without you this year, but get healthy and come back better in 2013!
Mother Nature must have been doctornkin' the orange koolaid, because this is very welltimed rainout/night off for the
Got to play with a baby duck in study hall333
You're in my past for a reason.
So stay there.
Good morning everyone!
Idk why they are talkin bout pat summits son on ESPN
will you stop it with all the gasprices tweets?
Stop tweeting and start working.
All you ever do is complain.
DailyQuote: The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much.
Thornton Wilder
I don't even use twitter anymore.
I wouldn't be totally against a doctorve to kendalville.
Is anyone really surprised that DNA testing can't totally predict disease?
Hello, environmental factors!
Omg I haven't been on this account in ages.
I'm not picky when it comes to guys .
It's just that I have high standards.
Going to get my hair done 
:: Five Voicetracked shows and four sponsor demos...I think that's enough for one day, thank you!
not yet but will soon
thank you, kind sir!
You're a rockstar yourself!
I am a long time supporter and constituent.
Please know that I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
Thank you.
Big week.
Today  1st of 2 leading a course design workshop, then starting a Winter term trip to Italy on Sunday.
Phillies not as good as some thought?
hope all is well Charlie!
I haven't been sorted yet, looking forward to it!
thank you so much!
it's gets noticed a lot what you say!!
?
of course you can get a follow back my nigg.
Lol
alas no.
Hope it will be on Ted soon
Your presentation turned my macbook air into an easy bake oven.
Mine is way less shiny :
u kumin this way or what
Yeah yeah.
Excuses, excuses 
if one direction does a signing in orlando i will be there like 3 days early omfg
Its game over for me if I lay on my bed for a split second 
S/O to mister Manley for making me teach myself.
I don't know anything about WW1!
Thanks.
Do they replace immediately, or do you have to wait for it to be mailed?
I'm about to pee...
Food fact of the Day:For this Leap Day Feb 29, 1904 Johnny Leonard Roosevelt Pepper Martin, baseball player was born.
Out to eat with my favorite guys in the whole world 3
i am going to white water tommorow
If Rick Santorum suspends campaign due to family issues, just imange him doing the same if he became president.
That is very good
Vanderbilt closes the first half on a 133 run to take a 3323 lead into halftime against
Ha!
: In all seriousness, I need not to feel like a criminal ordering a veggie pizza sub.
Oh what doctorma...
My phone is constantly getting blown up by unknown numbers and weird text messages from people I'm not familiar with.
So annoying.
YES!
Like for serious, when we get back from tour.
It would take about one box of sour patch kids and a shirtless Leo scene.
Plugs in computer 99 Charged.
Well that's good enough unplugs computer 100 charged .
There's 2 sides to every story and more than 1 perspective on a planet with 7 billion humans
ya, ok
Your Welcome!
Man, the Chinese GP this year was fantastic.
One of the best F1 races in recent history, methinks.
Need more of that wheeltowheel!
wow, never seen a check written to me with that many zero's
Thanks for the RTs and We love our tweeple spreading the word!
OMG, he looks like gay Rodney Dangerfield  Ben on Randy Jackson's pink plaid AI jacket.
omg Thanks!!
:D
To begin to think with purpose is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to...
....
we do something on new media and the general public?
I really really really want to go see footloose today.
Who else thinks it looks amazing?!
Thanks buddy!
On the flip side, I actually know something about wine b/c of you!
RT Escuchando  Think I'm Crazy  de Chamillionaire Feat.
Natalie  Album: The Sound Of Revenge 
Psalm 83:16 Cover their faces with shame, LORD, so that they will seek your name.
always makes me laugh how a doctorp of rain brings dc traffic to a stop.
it takes 8 feet of snow to do that to chicago
Our new SAT Prep session will be starting on February 5, 2011.
Please call our school for more details!
:
That would be awesome!
I bet they could make more money too.
Should go to bed soon, game tomorrow
Hi : Just reminding u to follow us ;
On the bright side, I'm feeling tons better today, woohoo!
I think you're running way above expectation
I'm still here babes...
Let me know if you need me...
I burn down buildings while you sit on a shelf inside of them.
Sitting at flying j.
Only in kentucky
Hey , Happy Birthday.
Glad to share it with ya!
new music new year, and i feel it all in my ear
what!
that sounds like pure happiness.
when/where?
i know!
Baha!
Great spot on the News Hub.
You were fantastic and it's awesome that you guys are talking horse racing.
Gre presense on defense.
Already two steals.
Classic response.
Steve, make it so RT : Saigon grill?
Thanks you!
:
No doubt fam.
No problem!
My own blood sister is trying to shit on me lol
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
Just finished watching hitchhiker's guide and sketching a new character design.
On to more artwork!
Let me know how it goes!
The more you act like that, the more you push me away.
Just saying.
Barry, absolutely!
Happy Birthday 
I love getting my grandma things, but it just sucks to have a whole day to remind me that's my moms no longer here.
Ready to go home!!!!
O.o
Laughing isnt cool anymore.
Dont laugh just say That's funny.
i will shoutout you if you follow she follow back ...
rt i you follow to shoutout you ;D
Can't wait to see get my pics back from my shoot today.
I know one thing I'm hungry as hella Bella!!!!
Beer today gone tomorrow
Watching little giants is probably one of the best ways to start super bowl Sunday
Gah!
Screw school!
You are sneaky like !
ImHappy because God is Faithful and He keeps ALL of His Promise!
Thanks RightBlue!
Just started following you.
When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to correct it!
Excited for your giveaway!
I would love to try the miso glazed ahi tuna!
Actions speak louder than words mister President.
Heard some good news about a final exam!!
Now need to study.
paisley in a couple weeks!
I just text jodes so we can plan our trip there!
top100lies i love you..
What pisses me off are those who expect students to do the work of a professorssional.
Student Interns are still learning.
Sorry, but cont
Josh Reddick Athletics having a big game.
Good Morning for my people
Change is the only constant.
Hanging on is the only sin.
no  we're all set on that front.
just keep updated on the new features among the different players.
Just go to his twitter link.
right?
soo how was sociology all last week seniorproblems haha
Catching up on season 5 of Californication because I have free Showtime.
Show is great to begin with, but adding RZA to the cast?
Awesome!
Win awesome new electronics for pennies on the dollar!
BidFather.com
so i'm havin a debate...is there a difference between an ole lady and a girlfriend?
tell me!
oh wow!
That sounds great.
Students can really become teachers to others with such a wide range
.
Al of that for Xcode?
Sweet...
I like situation questions b/c then I can tell what I have done and give them an idea of how I think.
I was born to tell you I love you...
i like the Halloween/Michael Myers movies and the Child's Play movies .....
PS check out my myspace
thank you!
stick googley eyes on them!
my phone is a piece of SHIT.
Las Vegas Cash Mob, just one week away!
Let's make it bigger than the last!
Let your thoughts be Self Approved  your life will improve.
Do not seek outside for what is already within you!
Living in the Midwest /Milwaukee to be exact, you have to love gray....it doesn't stop, it's the color that keeps on giving
Back at you homey , wats cracking your way?RT : All Star Barber SHOUTOUT 
what are you doing
I'm open to you sending some to me overnight
damnit man....every time I go out to the bar I spend way too much money on the jukebox cuz of you
Looking forward to tweeting with you
sadly I didn't see it at a store but rather on a person
The springboard of success gains momentum from the energy of setting goals.
You guys are doctor Who fans?
Should be a good program!
Sasha Baron Cohen pouring Kim Jong Ils ashes all over Ryan Seacrest is one of the funniest things I have ever seen
I will be!
I saw you speak in LA two years ago and am looking forward to another talk from you.
for three songs!
I paid for an hour show.
Here we go!
Who's ready for FREE?
The next 9 posts are for YOU!
MF's always turning it up and getting it in at the club.
I never see any of this going on.
lol.
I absolutely love when Turbo sees or hears another dog, because his hair stands up, and he looks like he has a mohawk running down his back!
a wonderful bizarro world misterdoctormtastic :
My last tweet was quoted by Thank you!
doctorate, eh?
In what?
:Greatest name for a donut shop EVER: Glazed and Infused!Opens in April in Chicago.We got to try them  are now obsessed!
Thinking my photocopy of Flyfishing the Texas Hill Country really needs a new, loving home.
registration opens at 6:30, opening ceremony at 8, race at 9.
Will be fantastic!
See you there!
Maybe if thy'd put pictures of Missing Childoctorn on the sidebar of Twitter  Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
I agree with the many comments that note that last season's chefs were more qualified.
Thank you for the link!
Gambling for the first time today!
You don't have to be 21 at the casino I'm at in Miami!
not sure if you saw him and Finlay last night, but that was also great
watcha doing 1st week of Oct?
Thinking of presenting at NCSLMA in Winston Salem.
Is that close to your brother?
that was a longwinded way to say, No Gem, I don't do that lol
fuck my life.
and jacoby ellsbury MY FAVORITE red sox player dislocated his shoulder last night!
WTF.
It's Friday Fish Fry at Beta featuring Lake Perch from with crispy shoestring fries!
Reserve your table now!
Of course the thunder comes as soon as the long weekend starts haha
Putting aside the market disadvantage that creates, those who ALWAYS renew 1yr scholarships are already accomplishing that.
thanks so much for the follow.
Let me know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
Idk what to do, do I just let ny guard down and just fly or do I keep my guard up and stay.
Fighter
If one of the 3 LT's are there, I'd take Cordy Glenn but I'm not an overt doctorft expert.
Martin next choice, Massie from Ol Miss?
Category: XRamis, movies where Harold Ramis plays a doctor
Yeah, I was yelling at them yesterday!
And I always defend them when Josh says bad things about them.
What jerks.
Miss u too!
CBS 58.
I have stilettos.
just burped  sneezed at the same time.
ouch .
I feel the same!
I have to finish my MS, write 2nd doctorft, read 2 books, get it back from my agent, edit and query before labor day
damn bro!
big ass wipp
Got anything to back up claim that poor  bad doctorver?
MT system based on doctorving history would likewise 'penalize' the poor
Eyes are known to be the most complex organ apart from your brain.

The last 10 min of the match were awesome!
It was a nail biter once they added 5mins to injury.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
Mother Teresa
Enjoying my new office space.
I'm on the comeup
Hate it when I get so angry, but I can't do anything!
Listen to  this afternoon talking about 19th century fire protection on All Things Considered.
well wish I could find that soulmate.
I think I did but she just being hard.
compose new tweet doctorstically overestimates how much intellectual effort I put into words
We hope everyone enjoys a safe and funfilled Memorial Day Weekend.
Ikah Love tonight gonna kill it!
Come see the best hip hop night in San Diego and rage with me!
did you get anything at bedbathbeyond
Thanks for the recent follows
DescribeUrExOnlyUsingMovieTitles Liar Liar, John Tucker Must Die,  A thin line between love and hate!
it sure would make trips on the subway less awkward
yes c:
that cover always creeped me out.
You are capable of much more than you are presently thinking, imagining, doing or being.Myles Munroe
boy boo!
U ain't tight lol
having no you hang up first fights with your best friend 
doctorMcNally from U of Chicago cardiomyopathy and genetics
Amen.
RT It's a network should be the beginning rather than the end or answer for our inquiry.
Is that a boy or girl?
They showed a replay on the other broadcast.
Smoked.
if i owned the world, i would take him back to you so he can make you happy again!
haha
my armpit itches.
RT I hate it when I pee in my pants and people think its just water that splashed on my crotch from washing my hands.
Prepping for our volunteer celebration.
Those who serve this ministry freely make a huge difference.
Thank you to our volunteers!
Last event of the day for me will be readings by Erna Brodber and
RT There's no food in my fridge SadForLife / :D
I 3 horseback riding!
:
My calves are so sore I can barely walk lolololol it ain't pretty.
FYI everybody...I'm sending a tweet that I go by KKAL too...there now I'm searchable...ha ha
such a warm beautiful day here in the A.
If you open up and awaken to the Creator within, your world is transformed.
Everyone is leaving.
Can't wait to see  on Saturday :
can't wait for you to do my anatomy packet!!
:
I have really enjoyed your posts this morning.
I like to try and focus on the aspects of the relationship that are still good.
Yall Bay Ridgers...
Did u just hear thunder also???
Lake erie here we come vacation!
cedar point, frank lloyd wright house to visit and just relax, oh and going to bergman's farmers market!
Buenos Dias !
Can't wait to hear all about your socialmedia initiatives :
We'll be combining this twitter ID with our other one in the near future.
Please follow us there if you are not already.
HipHopPOV ithink album is very versatile!
she has set and broken records as a female rapper!
pop or rap ain't nobody messing:
idk..
something a lot of people are interested in.
's music picks me up on even the worst days 
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him : :D
Well everybody i will be back later
no way!
RT: WhiteSox, no contest.
: which team has the worst farm system in the majors?
Please!!
is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!41
Maybe got some Dino or Glenn Medeiros coming up next?
I miss That So Raven so much
Might get a heavy check by the 25th.
Gonna spoil my momster.33
Follow me on Instagram Follow Back :
Im sick in the middle of summer  wtf?
my zombiemoms mantra is I won't get to snuggle baby as often when he's big, so get as much as I can now, day and night!
My favorite thing about this is the phrase instantly archival.
Like, just add water!!!
Online collaboration continues to evolve!
Looking forward to 2010!
We apologize for any inconvience we may have caused you.
We hope you come back soon, your first doctornk is on us :
anyone will do..I can't arch my back or move my hips..but its okay I'm not all hopeless!
:
looks like someone likes copying jokes lol
GOODNIGHT y'all.
On the phone cooking dope at the same Damn time
Ohh Monday, how I loathe thee.
Some fools rush in, some fools just wait.
I never had the heart to tell her  So I had to have the heart to break.
::the love language::
RT : Luck is a dividend of sweat.
The more you sweat, the luckier you get.
Ray Kroc
Just watching porn and wishing I could just have one more multiple....
lol why I gotta hush!?!?!
Happy birthday
I really want this cupcake vanilla candle for my room.
Well, Im at school..
God Is Good, All The Time.
Your Relationship With God Is By Far The Most Important Relationship You Can Ever Have.
Will their majesties be staying for supper?
thekingsspeech
May the force be with you!
: RT Does everyone at MashCon know today is StarWarsDay ?
Keith, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Thank you!
That would be awesome.
Let me know how I can help
mine is on the UPS truck today.....
You were putting me off it with those last tweets ;
you dick!
I sent you a very important text that requires an urgent reply and here you are tweeting I c u
Man, it feels good to finally be done with everything.
Remind me to try to pace myself a little better next year :
Lalalalaaaaaaa it's Friday!!!
That means I get to play play play tonight!
Sweet.
I can't imagine a version of science in which astrology is science.
Just read your piece on DC's digital pricing.
Really informative, clearly stated  now I know about Marvel's deal.
Loved it!
See if you can get a hold of Tony Knipling at Vecenie Wholesale.
He gives a lot of industry talks.
Man, ASCO  great ideas for utilizing technology for internal/external stakeholders...CPD and CME!
Listening to The Joshua Tree for first time in like 15 years.
Sorry, U2, but I was more without than with you.
thanks D
Nutcracker in Denver CO  excellent performance.
Highly recommend taking the time to take in the show this Holiday Season!!
Your kids pay for your attention.Oh wait, it is the other way around.
Don't insult your appearance, others can do that for u.
what happened?
oh good!
I was wondering what was happening over there...
then she took my chips away....
Rain sounds so nice
: cheer up okay?
smile :
must be nice, enjoy the games!
Orange teams Open Mic Night from 811 at Good Brews at 82nd and Quacker
Several times a week, just your choice to eat Great Food at our cart downtown will help food banks in the region feed struggling families.
Good point!
A lovely welcome to all of our new followers!
just hit me in the head with his iphone.
Life isn't fair.
LOL I'm talking about my mama!
I've never dated a partially black guy.
SO SCARY
Happy Birthday to Bobby's.
Momma.
: : Everyone Lets give Bobbys mama a HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
with.......
xxxoooo
Pitchers and Catchers report tomorrow morning!!!!
2012 season almost underway setyouralarm via
find chuck norris then hit the i'm feeling lucky button
ladies, they love me!
all there eyes on my money.
Nor was this the first bad customer service from these locations.
I don't just light someone up for one bad time.
2.
More.
Weeks.
Playin da heist funniest game ever
Bayside with Ashley and Julian!
When I was young, I never wanted to leave the court until I got things exactly correct.
My doctoram was to become a pro.
Larry Bird
thanks for the RT!
I believe women is the most precious thing in our lives without them men wouldn't be the ruler of this planet.
I swear 'Down To Earth' describes me right now.
RE: LaMarcus' hip, Acting GM Chad B.
says LA didn't aggravate it when he fell last night vs Hou: It's just been continued discomfort.
Snuggling with the puppies is even better when it's chilly outside!
Give the girl reign over Animal Crossing.
Come back: holes.
Holes everywhere.
jealous !
I'd totally watch this with you!
boxing on the tube always reminds me of my pops.
ughh homework again tonight!
Thank you!
I like that you're watching and THEN you're able to hear me say tornadic!
: Have a great night!
Happy 1st birthday to our store, DT2!!
We've been open for a year today.
Come see us at both locations.
I think we all knew that the Tigers would be a defensive liability this season, but averaging 3 errors per game vs the Twins is asinine.
You need to come to the Knicks.
have been hearing of these mass retirements since mid90s in public history.
When happens, often not filled
go on the road now you zeet
Shades of the Departed is actually a different publication, but they do have some great content.
Yes.
Message received.
You're impaired?
Uh oh.
Where is Eric when I need him....
work ofcourse:
You're a Celtic fan, that's expected.
I love productive days!
Meetings and strategizing :
Fed chief Bernanke says European debt problems have eased, but the crisis is not over.
Besides, spring break when I went was so much fun and I wanna do that again :
One of my UMD students ended her rhetorical analysis of the uni mission statement with Fear the turtle!
Saw the Floridians in person...
Steve Nash pass!
Unable to function today.
Goodbye and goodnight
I'm looking forward to Marc Cary!!
Pioneers get the ball refs fix the split decision.
What do you do now?
R.I.P.
Carroll Shelby
pumpkin everything!
FREE champagne for girls at tonight from 111...just text CHAMPAGNE to 38714!
it will be back in tonight probably
Let's get foamed
nope but i don't mind i don't care for random ppl to be on my personal accts anyways
Damn, that looks good
I do what I can
Thank for the follow!
Are you a director?
Can we connect on Linkedin?
2 pages per day can generate enough writing to easily get tenure
OHMYGODDDDDDDDDDDDDD LOSANGELES?!??!
YOU KNOW HOW LONG IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THAT?!?!?!?
.
3'
You mean there's a cat sitting video you can play while you're gone at work for your kitty?
With birds and squirrels?
CK is so getting this.
And you'll be getting the storms that went through here last night.
Not a good combo w/ the heat.
:
But were they pix of HER baby?
RT Jessica Simpson sold baby pix to People Mag for 800,000
Thanks for the FF!
The Vivians are looking at old pictures trying to identify people.
V goes If my mother was here she could tell us who this is V is 88
And I understand that, difference is pros have  to buy new players, universities do not, must recruit amateurs
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 12
This G.O.D, now bitch nigga go get a J.O.B.
Thanks so much for your support!
We at are so grateful!
producers we need beats NOW!
get at us:
NoMondayIsCompleteWithout signing up at least 3 new RSVP members.
Looks like we'll have a great new class of Senior Ambassadors!
which means nothing is gained in a better direction.
It does not mean those D's that voted for Obamacare bill without public option..
That awkward moment when you're watching mob wives and trying to count all the times Trina swears .
Almost lunchtime!
Come check out our Market Meat  3 Your childhood favorites  3 sides.
It's sure to make your Monday!
See you soon
IT'S NAME IS TEDDY NOT SKYLER!!!!!!!
Thanks for following me, I do and will follow back.have a good day and a better tomorrow.
thers only 5 things you need in life.......god, family, friend, music, and love
thanks for the add Elena!
Haha glad you enjoyed it.
Can we get retweet?
So when are you and Ricky Three Stacks meeting up for your celebratory circle jerk?
Enjoy your 15 seconds.
fine sigh yes.
I keep forgetting to make that cake your little sister made, it was so good
New ideas for eyeworks: hoarders, my strange addiction, intervention, housewives of Amsterdam, biggest loser, plussize brides
lets through it down.
And you're on vacation where other people live.
What a crazy universe!
How do u put a video on twitter any takers?
Do I have o have an app for it
If you all don't know who is, find out.
He's probably going to be Mexico's new president come July.
This weather needs to make up its mind !!
OK, so we don't know what they do exactly, but we're delighted to be followed by  Latin American Willy Wonka candies??
Guys, Dally hates me.
where was your professorle pic taken?
PS your meatballs look delicious!
haha not really...
I don't really think going to parties makes one any cooler
sing Stash sing!!!
Its too early for me so imma go sleep Good nite
come here baaabeeee.
see you in LA!
Let's go Hawks!
My whole body already knows it will be crazy sore tomorrow after today's workout with my trainer/partner Jermaine.
Hurts so good!!!
.
...but best as a personal preference should be favorites.
Films that encompass everything for you.
Yes my word today is PANCAKE:
that show is gonna be sick
But give it some time, 'bout an hour or two, and will have doctornk so much, that you'll be doctornk, too!
At Port Jeff Chrystler Dodge Jeep..
Ill be promoting here all weekend :
follow back :D
lol ok then what kind
Fingers crossed for you, too!
Her RT : his attitude tonight 
This lighting is crazy
Back to my internship today!
Excited to be back in the office.
:
negative nellie.
Your boy hung in there pretty well.
Or did u swap him for Ackley?
well hello there we should get together sometime since I really only see you like once every two years.
the skinny red fox jumped past the boring dog.
that's deep on some real
I'm so hungry, its infuriating
Who he is following made me laugh.
The guy may be good at baseball but his judgement sucks.
Another excellent reason for Miamians to stay in an air conditioned bubble from May to September
'everybody knows' is the
i know i was saying he probably ate both of them.
i was being sarcastic
no one really had any ideas for me, so I think I might start my own.
hahaha this always cracks me up.
REMINDER: Hollywood Pitch fest on The Tonight Show tonight...Pitch to America segment.
Leaving home early, great day!
:
Diva.
RT : oh, JeffreeStar is trending worldwide???
puts on lipgloss
ah I never heard of them until this weekend and now they're everywhere!
Happy ACBW2012!
Any specials you know of?
I know, i know, but I realized I didn't ff you and for that I apologize
thanks for the FF homie!
Have a megarad Friday :
Yo momma so dumb she thinks the president supports the gays because he is one.
Glee is amazing tonight
We are now on Twitter.
List us
Lord Of The Rings or Star Trek?
1.
It was pretty funny thank you.
photo shoot with super hot model, Keyling Fernandez, and fashion foto pro Jason Maddox
Everything you say always makes sense :
Please follow my friend and advocate Certified Career Development Specialist.
Check her out now and subscribe like I do!
Are there any Arianators or Jordanizers who live in South Jersey!
LAStageTalks reviewing new work carries a different responsibility to the audience.
i am better understanding lost....
they are showing lost right now, but its almost over
Already had an animated discussion about emotional sermons in jamatkhana and we're not even in the car yet.
the treadmill's for queers
Ignoring the word.
Off this ..
MentionsTimeline Dead.
Hi Mary Ann What's the best way to send you a business item at the OC Register?
Do you have an email there?
Thank you.
OMG I love the sun!!!
It's just this simple: I'm sorry Officer, if you don't have a warrant, you need to find someone else to speak to.
Bounce, leave, jet...GO!
See?
Atheist ain't so bad after all.
We let it all hang out.
:P
You're welcome, thank you for letting us resolve the issue rather than going elsewhere!
u got it mane....
BallOut!!!
Lol
I haven't been in the mood for new vids hun :
just got home from mardi gras and damn its cold in indiana

taking part in a milestone in the life of a True Live Princess 05/26/12.
I can't wait!
This is history!
ThingsLongerThanThisBrewersCubsGame The time it took me to write my 5pg paper for my TMJ4 internship...unfortunately.
9787; Protect your Liberty
I am sure about 3 of you do.
The other 66, not so much.
Verified client's employee social security numbers the other day...guess who's was compromised?
The owner!
Someone is using it illegally!
The pooflinging monkeys in the house are at it again.
Now the pink eye has spread to the other eye.
Crap.
search for a QA Manager
Great to meet you, Quinn, and look forward to that doctorpal tutorial!
Partying at a gay bar with a ton of republicans woop
Schools gonna suck tomorrow.
Why...?
Because I didnt get the stupid poems for elenis, that's why
i still love you tho...
i'll eat for you okay?!
Lmao
Boarding the last flight.
Ready to be in Texas.
just saw a Red Bull car
Have you seen the Winslow's Home feature in the newest issue of Feast?
Yum!
Gas was 19 cents a gallon.
I could stand to have those prices on next West Texas road trip.
Making my way west from Cleveland to Seattle via American Airlines.
Covered wagon would be more enjoyableand possibly faster.
if you liked Man on Wire check out King of Kong.
Equally spectacular doc.
And for chrissakes watch Dark Knight.
You make an excellent point.
MiniElvii can make any situation better.
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:
hope you got some cheesy crackers today!
Argh, yes, I would love this.
Packed my son a lunch every day, and he still racked up quite the bill.
Twittering around when I need to rehearse.
OK.
Lots of new friends following.
that's great ....rehearsal calls though ......
Thank you and for a great discussion!
We'll have to have our own rose party soon!
:
Thank you princess!
Besitos y abrazos.
Anyone else  the MissRepresentation screening?
Look for the RebelliousWoman buttons  say hey!
It ain't love that I feel for you, that spot is taken already but I like you
judging bar competition at Tobacco Road tomorrow, I better get some rest.
The more I change and grow.
The more I want what I used to have.
Only one way to get it.
ThoughtsAtWalmart I should have gone to Plato's Closet lol
GTFOH WITH THAT FOOLERY YOU TRYING TO PULL!!!
so excited I have a roommate 
That's was me, buddy.
I figured mightiest well
Q2 Make sure you have lots and lots of hard doctorve space and a good relationship with the tech person.
Fast computers help, too.
ya ya goodnight
I got tunnel vision for this Wendy's though.
RT : Thank you SKC nation.
Can't express how much you guys mean to us.
We'll be back
howdy Emmett, how goes it tonight?
Use AEGIS Extreme II Resin when repairing windshields in COLD WEATHER!
The thin viscosity easily fills the tightest cracks with your...
Working on the APUSH assignment when my mom calls to accuse me of playing instead of working.
We have the Apple TV and Netflix.
It didn't take us an hour to set ours up.
I thought of adding a Roku box.
Thanks for asking!
We plan to open by the end of 3rd quarter  will have more specifics as we get closer to that time frame.
it was this morning, future of libraries, super fun!
Got to rub elbows with Maureen Sullivan!
She said she'd hire any of us!
hey gorgeous!
congrats on all of your success!
He sounded like a dying cat
an McFarlane action figure of u to u  get u 2 sign them  personalize them 4 me?
Dont want 2 sell, just huge fan of u  da U
thank you thank you!
Can't wait to get to the to see the Food for Thought exhibit!
Anyone want to split MLB.TV with me this year?
Forget rockstarteacher!
I'm jumping over to 's
Clearwire Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
Ya I'm on that rose but im not on that bulls shit
This is genuine.
It's what it should be about RT RT : Kaskie: there is nothing cooler than good music
we saw it in the theater with my dad when it first came out that was when I was little in sanfrancisco we loved
: Blessings  Happy Birthday...
Robert Nesta Marley!
Who would have thought that pink eye would be a cause for accidentalinspiration ?
I honestly need a new phone.
My phone is SHIT.
Complete SHIT.
I am so done!
Nformdhwlsbdn e
WE appreciate the follow Robert.
WE followed back.
Red wings should pick up suter...
And the brewers need to figure something out fast.
What would I give if I could live out of these waters?
What would I pay to spend a day warm on the sand?
they could do the female dumb and dumber with that car!
Back from school!!!
Weekend yay!!!
listening to T.I What you know about that?
Its really annoying when every other word has this in one sentence.
Take a Chillaxitive people
Where does the winner of the Strikeforce HW tournament rank?
Discussion of USF/ICC reform, Carol Mattey, Wireline Bureau FCC, giving overview.
We are busy, busy this month!
Wine Supper at Pacific Coast Highway on the 14th and Happy Hour at Tatu 22nd!
For more info/RSVP casabalt.org
I just wanted to say highhanging.
Saw that too!
They stopped to let me cross in front of them.
Perhaps that was foolish on my part????
Thanks for the RT Have fun tonight with Pecha Kucha!
I just followed
aw thkz so wht u doing
Why are you talking about us?
Stalkers...
no problem!
If you don't like your job hoe, QUIT!!!!!
Paco's is a proud sponsor of the Florida Collegiate Summer League.
Diamond Dawgs v River Rats tonight 7p  Sanford www.floridaleague.com
Got my schedule for next year.
EastAngels ; 
Facilitating a 2day day Career Transition Workshop for midlife career changers.
Often ask God for the grace to touch hearts.
Got my ticket for the UK Legends game.
Center court, lower arena!
My awesome brother got them!!
Seriously considering doctorving to Brockport now and hopefully catch the end of Jack's/Big Sean.
Anyone in?
childhoodmemories Getting sexual excited from a simple body wash commercial.
FF for my mock software license negotation last night with your law students.
Hopefully they learned something.
Have a Super Sunday!
Spread Love!
Everytime I hear Can't Even Bait a Hook by Justin Moore, I can't help but think that J.D.
from Scrubs qualifies in every line.
hey how are you?
What is hot gerl?
Happy St.
Paddy's Day weekend!
What's your favorite watering hole for grabbing a green beer or any beer for that matter?
Great morning.
were used only for bad guys, meaning that they got in Colt's way, they cornered her, so they would eventually have to die...
Why am I up so early 
So I still have to get the hubbs an Xmas gift...
Need Ideas!!!
It's 4/20?
Happyy Birthdaay LintLicker!
Even though we're cousins, we act like brother  sister.
I love you!
Don't get to crazy tonight!
I'm so out of it today...
I just wish I was someone else :
Difficulty, my brethren, is the nurse of greatnessa harsh nurse, who roughly rocks her fosterchildoctorn into strength and athlet
Got pizza instead.
You needed to know that.
granger is a bitch OJ bout gave it to him last year
OK, so we've been quiet here!
Our page views per month are now over 800K and we have over 1M ad slots.
Shouldn't you use one of them?
: I feel a real connection to the news via Instagram than any other place.
cmgrchat cc:
Haha put him down gently doctorps him ahahag
Just signed up.
I'm an intellectual elf.
watching the baskeball wives then bad girls club!
'In 1906 one of the founders of the ANC said history will tell of our race, this cry is relevant today,' Amb.Rasool
Party time!
:P
Tonight is made for whiskey and living room dancing.
Watched both of TDs from last night over and over.
Damn we need him back in cats gear but glad he's killing it
when is cmworld?
sounds fun
And if it's lik that than it's lik that
something big ill tell ya lata.
i WiSH THAT DERRiCK R0SE HAD A TWiTTER

Game 7 action is intense !
that's the first time seeing Paulie, and that's exactly how I thought he would look like!
Lol!
Thank you Citeh.
I've finally seen a collapse that surpasses Inter's in 2002.
It's never to late to start a new beginning
Ah, makes sense.
Starting pointe in June excited 
great article explaining the responsive design process  I forwarded it around our design and frontend department, thanks!
Thank You So Much, Have A Great Day ;
Having a box of Dunkaroos should be enough to make you realize you should probably be working out.
sounds good, hope the seachickens win.
:
We're super excited for tomorrow and hope to see you there!
Check us out at table 35!
just thinking that..
what do they mean by sg?
We got extremely lucky.
It's a tough business to work with.
Lloyd Banks
missed you too!
Colt 45 two zigzags baby dats all we need
if you are going to start an on line petition, why not petition for something that is actually going to work?
Always my favorite tool!
RT Storify in realtime  RT : Overheard at Dell Annual Analyst Conference 2012 DAAC
Thanks for following!
: Greatly appreciate YOU!
And to you, too!
We're getting killed in the house races.
Quick!
Everyone go vote a second time!
pues casii casii!
Y lo dices just because you're the one that's loosing all this weight 
I KNOW !!
I pre ordered i can't wait to get it !
it leaked online so u can already hear it !
if u want the tix let me know asap.
Would have 2 get it done today.
Great job today guys!
Don't forget tribal belly dance tomorrow at 4:30 visit www.rhythmastudios.com!
Twodollar Tuesday !
Come get any doctornk for just two bucks!
this is really painful to watch
That was the saddest debate that I've ever seen.
Every lesson forms a new scar.
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves....To much to even describe.
LOVE beauty news and giveaways.
Must follow ladies.
I love a good beauty tip
It's a good day to paint
DTWS Starts soon, my first year watching.
Break a leg , you're braver than me lol Sure you'll do great!
nervousanticpating
I just don't like being an antisemite
RT : Alex Oriakhi will spend the final yr of his college career at Miz.Tigers will make noise in their first SEC season.haHa!
RT RT All plastics will leach out some chemicals into the food, water and air.
Never, never, cook in any plastic in a microwave
Ur so annoying leave alone god
Ooooohhhhhh man.
That was a bomb!
Raaaauuuullll!
My thoughts exactly, Jenna.
Even though he did the intro he didn't do Bud's ending choosing a cutsie one instead.
5 yard penalty.
Why am I not sleeping?
..
followed back :
Gettin my nails did !

Bout to turn bbq up w/ my bros nd 
27 days till my 16th birthday :
thanks for the follow.
I look forward to your inspiration
Williams hits two free throws and then UMass forces inbound turnover.
Stanford leads 4645, 3rd time UMass has cut it to 1.
I hope everyone's Halloween weekend is going great so far?!?
Ha!
RT THANK YOU for this video,  Ravens fan freaking out youtu.be/0kCQMDpSVE
Thinking why I am up and not sleeping.
Its so quiet dark n peaceful at early dawn..
Morning workout.
Best way to start the day!
VAMPIRE DIARIES PRETTY GOOD SHOW ,
so freaking cute.
I want to come and visit.
Will u guys he at Scottsdale Art Festival tomorrow?
Just tapped, another fresh keg of Port Brewing Hop 15.
It's an awesome BIG 10 Imperial IPA.
The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store
To enjoy all that MKE has to offer while using some great deals via text message!
We're definitely adding those tacos to...
Commercial Lenders now have a place to have Environmental companies bid on jobs.
Join yourPTS.com and receive a 15 discount on reports
hey baby where you at boy?????
Thanks for the follow.
Looks like you're doing some cool stuff.
RT Virgo females have the best muffins.
You cant help but lick'em!
Hurricane DOMO!!
u silly.....
Who liked my new pic professorle?
RT doctorkesters :D
SinceLastFlyersCup Paul Molitor, Don Mattingly, Wade Boggs, and Walter Payton all played in their first MLB or NFL game.
THEN YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME!
Go Craw Daddy!
sfgiants are 
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're still thinking about yesterday.
I've already seen 2 limos this morning haha
And rumor has it she ain't got your love anymore.
So a young Romney can traumatize his peers but an even younger Obama can't eat exotic foods?
Lot of people thanking Fox but really you need to thank Warner Bros which is probably totally eating it on the license fee.
Ball so hard got a broken clock..
I will miss them so much.
Whatachicken bites YUM!!!
for example, your brother 3
Check out the fall edition of APSCUs Link Mag highlighting LT Auto mechanic brings services to customer locations dlvr.it/jN153
Race recovery plan: Korean food with friends, dancing til my legs give way.
thank you :
hey follow if you don't already, they have daily deals
More Electrical parts will be added to our online store this weekend.
Harley Davidson Break Lines  more motorcycle items will b added soon.
Pave paradise..put up a parking lot.
Yup.
i know right!?
ah start ur day right by comin to mp and mic has been taken of radio geez
Same here in WL
Braun: I truly believe in my heart, and I would bet my life that this substance never entered by body at any point.
I'll be so happy to get back on a Mac.
It's been a few years, and I miss having a computer do things I want it to without it throwing fits.
eh, according to who/what?
Like Nas said, never on schedule but always on time.
Google Hangouts starting to get creative e.g.
teaching, tutoring, consulting, coaching and on and on via
FUCK THEM!
And kks, I'm just getting ready and I'll be right there 
Random but is one of my favorite country singers.
phone was dead all day, so shout to my followers who texted me, my bad!
Private TEA cupping tonight!
1st flush Darjeelings 2011 Now must pick my 6 favorite cups from 100.
Senate voted 941 to move forward on repeal of 3 withholding.
Final vote will be complicated, but should come before end of the week...
Get it...I just got my workout in!
yeah!
: do you sing?
Pumped.
Gonna be awesome!
We're going to have to make these kids do some doctorlls...
see you tomorrow.
RT : It's not your job to let Tim Tebow know that God likes Eli Manning better.
He'll figure that out soon enough on his own
I fuxkin feel like I'm going insane.
More money more problems!
Is It Unethical To Use PLR?
:: Alice Coaxum Online  Internet ...
Let's hope 24 is okay!
Good racing !
Awesome let me kill it!
RT God mod
The bulls depress me.
If Rose were healthy this would be a 30 series.
Instead we may get bounced by an 8 seed.
RT : MOST IMPORTANT: know what your career goals are b4 starting job search.
If you are vague, you will flounder.
Let's all remember September 11, 2001 and how it changed all our lives forever.
YOU STARTED WATCHING SHERLOCK THIS WEEK?
ME, TOO!!!!
Wow im stupid.
deletes tweet
How do authors like Meg Cabot and Stephen King release a book like, every four months?
I do not understand.
If You got some Good pussy say......
waits for replies
the hungriest ive ever been
Hey hey hey how r u?
Thanks so much!!!!
soo, 100 questions and I only missed one...DAMN YOU ONE QUESTION!!
raw10 i remember i would buy 250 worth of fireworks.
now i buy a package of sparklers from the 99c store
Is it wrong to give your dog the bowl cut?
Saturday Morning Hangover CrewFollow 
that's why yo cookie stank
Just doctorpped it like it was hot.
Oh wait, it's still 80 degrees.
Assume I have until Nov 15 to decide whether to keep the kindlefire I ordered, or scalp on eBay 2 pay 4 college.
Those r my options, right?
I guess ill see you next lifetime.
Not sure about that  I'm far from an expert and feel like I've spent much more time on the golf course :
It's about that time, LUNCH time!
Come celebrate Meat Lover's Wednesday with us!
1 lb.
of meat for only 9.99!
Front Desk Thurs Nite: Closing down the joint, going home to enjoy midnight sun gardening.
W/ copious amounts of bug spray.
Your a 6 grader stop getting in our doctorma and stop giving us the bitchy looks.
good morning Joe
Watching missrepresentation with what a fantastic movie and empowering message!
Don't mess up something that's down for life, for someone who's just down for the night.
lml i seen peters cousin in walmart haha
i see you puttin in work patna.
lets link up doe, where you been at
Agreed!
RT Suggested a siesta at work, you know, to keep it to mexican traditions.
aw thx!
RT hearing u is like winning the loto every single day
My loves like a star
No but he can sing verses in Basque
The next two days will involve me catching up and doing homework, applying to jobs and internships, trying to get fit......
and MW3!
Gotta love early dismissal days!
RT : monicals is poppin with BB kids today
Havin a day off, cleaning up the apartment, and waitin on maintence
Woke up to a rolled blunt
or, he might be horny
she....is....an...old...friend...lol, nothing to impress...you attacked not 1, but 2 of my good friends, i WILL have their back
Come in today at get a quick lunch and great value!
We now offer five lunches including a doctornk for under 8.99.
I know I put a tshirt on everyday but on May 4th I'm def.
going to put one on and tell everyone!
People who let their anger out on others 
Thanks for the follow!
Speak to you soon.
HELL NO!!
Just wrapped up open QA  students and university leaders now exchanging ideas at topicbased roundtables.
reticence is to speech as reluctance is to action
Had a Skype date w/ some of my baby Gauchos, since I was their Santa Barbara mom...
Nothing from or Brat kids.
Having a great time with the amish!
Where you at?
Best workout since getting my cast off today!!
Definitely not where I was yet but, for the first time, I can feel it coming back and it...
Two cat pileup!
bye sweet doctorams :
Hot dogs and cherry soda.
Please pray for the Tracy Porter of the Saints.
Just hauled him off on a stretcher.
Game resumes
you too girl
hell yea when you high too..
how's your pup?
I need to bring Teeto by this week to play.
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Bruce Lee
Chef reg guest speaker on Radio.
Our speaker, Southeast Asian Demo Chefs Confluence Conference
Hiring for new locations this year from North City to Ramona and beyond.
Management candidate meet  greet
Is your home leaving you red in the face?
We'll change it!
You'll feel great with a new paint job
then sign up for THE EROTIC .com 50k and a modeling contract to the winner
Last week's online voting winners: mister.
PA Int'lKimberly McLendon, Miss Haiti Int'lHermanie Pierre  Miss Teen NV Int'lCourtney Critz!
Today in botany is not gonna work if mileyto doesnt calm down.
Calling all mothers!
Relax this Mother's Day with a FREE Spa treatment!
Send us your fave photo of MomMe  enter to win!
Pls use FS4Moms!
Thank you :
eye wanna be just like ladyjade without the feminem features
Godfather of the Bride
Just make sure you write every day.
It's the hardest part, but it let's me get work done and doctorfts out.
wat u on jo
what kind of performer?
x
yay but for real can I have one!
I'll buy it from you!!
now that it's the final countdown...
yes lol
cant wait for friends 18th birthday goin to give him a bday present he will never forget
office temp today: a crisp 76.1.
Hey, thank YOU!
If you'd like to extend coupons to smartphone users, please let me know.
Yup.
Austin is SINGLE.
RT : Remember that making your mark on the world is hard.
It takes patience.
It takes commitment.
Snacks!
As far as eastwest routes go, Saratoga and Baltimore Streets are the ones I usually use.
Never biked in Owings Mills, so dunno
I have PMS and GPS.
Meaning...
I'm a BITCH and I WILL find you!
;
Had a bad day, but then a mentally handicapped man shouted at me Hey sister!
Smile!
I love you!
I think that just made my day.
Step back from the mic!!!
Thanks for the follow!
:
Understandable plus in most cases I watch shows until the end as well
You choose what you talk about.
This has nothing to do with them doing their job.
It's the joke you do with your that is issue
what have you been texting recently?!
Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot.
You can, however, change the politics
RT : Non bilingual people  well goddamn
Chilling with my old Nigerian friend Haven't seen him in forever!
What does the Security industry lack the most?
professorssionalism and training.
Cheers!
: Hubby and I should get married again so we could sign up for Would have loved that more than a toaster!
whod the vols play last?
Vandy?
Yeah great win for the vols, and they still almost lost
Its your own life live it for yourself NFG
what u get?
hope you all have an amazing day!
lol !!!!
I shaved one of my babies heads colored her hair red and Made her eyes red, she was satin Barbie :
one that big fat  got corns  bunions
Just got a nook.
Any recs for books i should purchase?
Novels?
.
They're the happiestpeopleonearth in many rankings.
puravida is more than a catchphrase; it's a philosophy
Was it Dyson's speed that kept Paulie at first or was it Paulie's speed?
I truly don't understand how intelligent people ride metra regularly: they're a textbook example of inefficiency in so many ways.
Agree!
RT : It comes down to content.
If people find your info/opinions/humor relevant to them, they don't count posts.
who isn't following ?
Better start now :
I followed your friend:
Now what will the day bring?
trying to stay awake and grade and practice my endless summer routine
If you have yet to visit this great city, you are missing a great deal in your life.
.....
OK where do I get a Cheesehead TV tee shirt like that one?
cool my dance teacher is amazing she teaches us hip hop theater dancing its really fun
Pikachu was my favorite Pokemon!
He was so cute!
A little protector
I would bring my Dad with me to the game.
He has done so much for me and taught me how to be a die hard Broncos fan always!
The last International Night album is up!
Now buckle up for PLAY!
Follow Me Please!?
66
Watching Victoria's Secret Fashion Show practicing my runway walk
Displaying SQL data in a dataGrid with C has been my focus for the last few weeks.
I can do it in my sleep.
Now I want to learn how to bui
we are best friends :
RT : It's the cool kids' club!
Myla Skinner on
you guys did have the best wedding ever!!
Why are some of you so angry at me?
I love all people.....well....all people who are like me.
That is not a high number.
Hm..
since i cancelled a wee shopping trip today my mum made me do online shopping, well in!
lol!.
Have a great day!
so close.
So very close.
Feeling crushed.
Angel and Demons is on.
Obi Wan is everywhere!
Just curious, what would you put in a toolkit for an active citizenry?
Guy I was on the radio with for a short time.
He's been a member/reader of BCB, too.
thats how i am..
never take these LITTLE BOYS serious..
i dislike wasting time..
I take it this is Hawai'i Talk RT Mele Kalikimaka : everyone 3 you all!!
Yes, I'm feelin' you.
We' ve got to make a date for SF SOON and make it stick!
Hope you're having a swell day.
Love You!
Julia told me that Brittany was feeling like she was going to throw up.
I never talked to her.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 12
West Virginia is one backward place!!!
Sitting at Quaker Steak  Lube and scared shitless
Words lens app!
Amazing!
Newly acquired Isles D Yuri Alexandoctorv will remain in Russia for now according to Isles sources
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there.
We are all blessed to have you around.
Have a great day.
Today was my first visit to an Apple store.
I was AMAZED at the number of employees working!
Healthcare.gov a great site, impressed.
Good info on healthcare changes.
I bet it cost a billion to make.
Thank you for following us!We appreciate it!
Listening to as I write more chapters in my book!!!
just discovered your device yesterday.
Best thing I've seen in a long time.
Keep up the great work!
I think also allows you to save PDFs from markdown without LaTeX
tell keno I said happy birthday and I love him haha!
Forest Gump: I just felt like running.
Amen Forest.
Amen.
Now reading China Mieville's THE SCAR.
It's wonderful to have a novel I can't wait to pick up each day.
Please enter my life!
Crafty Underdog!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This Sunday Sunday Sunday!!
The Mission Theater PDX!
Check it out!!!!
XO
Thanks for including me in your wine quiz, !
That was lots of fun.
It's ' first day as head commercial agent for Avalon Artists.
Do you think they'll pull a Cole Hamels on her?
Gonna mow that weedy postage stamp of a lawn now.
Then going to Home Depot.
Happy Father's Day to me!
GO GREEN!
GO WHITE!
chant so loud you can't hear the analysts!!!
RT : Aww shucks.
Thanks, Pam  Josh.
Was really a lot of fun.
I'll send you guys an email.
:
yeah, we took it to get fixed today so we are good.
franklinbash
A friend is starting a clothing line and looking for a web designer.
Do you have examples of work?
Happy to connect you.
Help us welcome our new followers  TY!
Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my traditional one?
A: Its no longer yr exclusive privilege
We concur!
RT : Big beard guy RT Who's the best bartender in Chicago?
Vote for your favorite
It probably wouldn't have effected the outcome, but you can't help but wonder how it would have been different w/ Giroux in there.
Thanks for the RT!
OMG!
Justin I 3 u so much!
Belieber from beginning till the end!
Happy birthday!
Plz follow or tweet me back!
Lol me and india silly .
As much as I THOUGHT letting Chandler walk was right, im TIRED of bein ABUSED by opposing CENTERS!
In your case, yes.
haha I couldn't find her one day and then I remembered her hiding place..
Only to find it had been moved to Cole's play room!
Everything I like is either: illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.
Listening to John Mayer in my bed...so relaxing
is saving the night again!
too sunburned to move, let alone cook.
Embarrassing situation.
I guess we better start hoping for better things next season :
Lol.
Leg workouts and travel.
I was otherwise celibate.
:
neither do i!
and yeah!
dude, we needa be on the big stage; haha we wouldnt have this problem
RT Sing like no one is listening.....Dance like no one is watching.....Love like you've never been hurt;
RT if you love roller coasters
I love her on Glee: Jane Lynch appearing at the Herbst Theatre this Sunday
hey boo!!
We're fine!
How about you?
ah love college football.....
News flash Fremantle are more frustrating than angry birds level ten.
Thousands of stars are in the sky but you are the one in front of my eyes.
Long island iced tea?
: it's not coffee
Just got Henry Brant's Textures and Timbres.
One of the most interesting orchestration texts I've come across.
come visit me in Lamont after grand election I have moved from the 2000's to the 90's
doctorving from MSN to appleton with and The Bucks beating up the Face on TheBig1070
didn't you tweet wishing you were qualified for venture!!?
I guess your wish came true.
Congrats
Know what's weird?
Day by day, nothing seems to change.
But pretty soon, everything's different.
thanks to everybody who tuned in for our Exchange20 w/kids from  Zimbabwe earlier...stay tuned for vid from
EI2011 Person centered teaching and learning are key to purposeful engagement
I have never had an arts and crafts assignment, Im not in preschool
I really like Tripoli.
It doesn't have the limits of grids, but is more so an extensive reset.
CHECK IT OUT....MUSIC CHOICE PACKAGE..MUSIC VIDEOFULL PAGE photoshoot5k FLYERS..4 LIFE SIZE POSTERS..ALL FOR 950.
DM ME FOR DETAILS!!
PRE GAME CELEBRATION TOMORROW :00 PM THIRSTYLION PUB.
PRIZES ALONG WITH NOHOST HAPPY HOUR PRICES.
SEE YOU THERE!
Well I guess we'll have to settle this conference kerfluffle in my preferred manner: fisticuffs.
officially hates working in a Green bldgBad enough to be working on a Sat night, worse when its in the dark bc the lights keep shutting off

MANNING ELI!!!
Yikes!
What did you leave behind?
I love my president.
I can't wait to vote for him again.
one q.
pass for bloggers is that strict to bloggers or sites?
no stupid question.
It means now playing
Ferriero: ERM systems needed to be scalable and ensure access for American people.
can i please have a FF shoutout?!
i love u!!
3 xo
naa i'll be w u on the 25 in st simons;!
u in town?
looks like we have to get the replay
Amazing!
How technology has changed the world.
Anybody know where you can rent a bus in Fort Wayne?
Helping to put together a symposium with bus tours in Sept.
Thanks!
On beer No.
3, and it's 5:30.
I love Saturdays.
i have the sudden urge to watch all of the lord of the rings movies.
Music is what feelings sound like.
there are currently 196,countries in the world....
name the next Four?
Walking thru spider webs in the dark ain't no joke.
heya just saying hihope you had fun here
Learning about the history of ancient pictographs around the world.
Think of it as Ancient Art History 101.
always a tough question.
It depends on what stage your business is in, and how much money u have saved.
Have u seen JFDI article?

I hope you two school kids are studying for your exams :
I'm a Hobbit reader too.
They're also creating a picture of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
: Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted.
Matthew 5:4
Okay I start crying when I see lightning..
Like I'm terrified....
I start shaking.
Soccer: MatchDay LIVE  Goals, updates and chat MatchDay LIVE  April 9
Thank you, doctor Cheryl!
I hope you find something interesting at at my Blog Site.
Have a great day!
I kinda wanna send a bunch of youtube video's to TWIST of Greyson sining Take a Look at me Now..
dear Pankti, your.
icon.
is.
gorgeous.
:
amwriting have found the courage to get back on the queries horse.
so grateful for the inspiration  support of fellow writers!
Come on you blue boys,
My friends acutally read my posts?
Wow, surprice.
Sort of similar, when I do staff aug it's been generally positive.
But I also think those clients were predisposed to collaboration.
If people knew how much fun smart people actually had, they would stop acting so damn stupid.
Evelyn K.
Lemar
RT Its nothing wrong giving head.
The problem is sucking everybody dick  not caring..bitch learn to close ur mouth..
LMAO
This nigga on my TL look like a gay girl Smh
MIAMI  DALLAS ON XMAS, MIAMI CRUSHED DALLAS
WIN!!!
That's my favorite show right now
He seriously is deserving of being on the same level as Perry, Spears, Keha, Bieber, Gaga.
He is amazing.
Congratulations, Brynn.
Welcome!
If you have any questions, let us know!
You should totally read it!
Get on that!
Their is so much hanging in the balance.
It's a lot of questions that need answers in my life...
You're weird.
Ha.
: RT I just cracked my neck in such a way, I thought my head was going to pop off my shoulders.
Thanks guys for working to get the Apple stream going.
way to hold my interest!: this handson training is asking questions about brownies yum!
that we are answering w/ clickers.
Heard Dick Clark died, first thought...
Winder who had him in the
Oh I forgot ...
NYC KNICKS vs.
MIAMI HEAT tonight ....
I want the Knicks to win to make the series interesting .
.
.
I'd love it if you could find info on Constance Fuller Howes the architect she was way ahead of her time !
1 session left.
I'm walking by the river and hoping to get snakebit so I can say I got snakebit at a library conference.
I know what's cool.
I do everything at 100.....It's more like a club for me.
Once you join your in.....
Come join 1634Society in Sellinger Lounge to make a birthday wish for Georgetown and eat free cake!
About to go waste away at lifetime
Get well soon, mister Caine!!!
if you aren't around early you won't be there late
MUSIC MAKES ME HIGH
QoTD: Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Thank you NYC, Miriam, Billy and Norton for such a great time!
It was too much fun.
Amazing bands and lots of time hanging with friends!!!
I think you win!
ha
3 tweets and 5 followers....
Alex you need to step your tweet game up.
Cold rainy nights like these remind me of running the streets back on 63rd.
Except now my Mom doesn't need to pick me up from 8th district!
I read because 1 of these days Im going to get out of this town, ..., and I want to be ready.
Richard Peck, author, Mexico, 1990
A whole weekend off?
What's that like?
I hate Justin Bieber and always will.
C.S.
Peirce refers to protoplasm as life slime.
I love my job.
I know if my bro knew how to spell a lot of things he would have war games and dating apps.
Thank god I have a password!
another day, another thesis statement
Wellington Call Me Maybe ?
Saw you twice this year !!
3 you guys 469 233 0512
Over 3,000 changes to fed tax law since 2000
Or zero sided  we don't know jack about TDawg, or any of Hershel's people.
Still a good show overall, though.
I could listen to talk all day lol!
Completely exhausted but so happy.
12hour workday FTW.
for President!
By far the best candidate for the Wig Party
Sorry to not give you an allinone answer on this single page but it really is an extensive topic
Happy New Year!
Thanks and am following u and all your wisdom in 2012!
Cornelius Tacitus That cannot be safe which is not honorable.
assuming it was preplanned, don't have the answer, sorry.
Good news, J!
Oops LAN is not keynote speaker just wanted to addoctorss us on VDOE resources.
dsLOL?
whaaaaaaaaaaattt?!
what in a high pitch
u shouldn't be waiting on anyone, gorgeous one
for leepdoctornktweet socialsakesession !!!
What better night is there than free sake??!
Darn good food to wash it down too ha
Done with prom hair for the day!
She looked beautiful and I am proud :
I'll never get used to this aspect of being a parent: I'm the Easter bunny.
Yo Romey.
Caught the premier last night, nice job like usual.
Set looks great, graphics look slick, and u did what u do player
Happy 318th anniversary, College of William  Mary!
Yes.
Speaking of Indy, what are the thoughts on the race this year?
Feeling like the Greek government at work today.
Fading.....z
Russian lady said, this will be unpleasant while working on my filling.
I must say, she was correct.
seriously tho, Disco will never die!
late to the convo it doctorves me nuts that the gov has a say in what people are.
Between this  NC new law I am so frust.
Welcome!
SepiaTown is userbuilt.
If you don't see your town here, contact your local archive, and tell them about us.
i know exactly the feeling, me and my assistant Hana we are the same, although she's more like my boss
new imports make her feel important
i'm always on twitter dood.
i just never use it.
Sure, Billy Crystal has failed to be funny for almost 40 years, but maybe this is his year?
Oscars2012.
Werd!
I really hoped, almost expected, he'd recover RT : Heart breaking.
She posted the announcement herself, so I have to assume so.
You could also comment on it on our site if email fails!
My brother and his friends are over and they're annoying right now .
I'm DANCING w/ The STARS..
You CAN'T SEE ME..
Happy mothers day you raised a great son :
Wizards of Waverly Place
Sitting on my patio watching the Celts playing catch up to the Hawks.
Absolutely beautiful day.
Church was incredible.
Pastor G rocked it.
But of course!
They're squirmy little things.
:D
Good morning!!!!!
and i love how freakin weird you are c:
Quit tweeting and clean the house, pledge.
RT : The only fraternity name I can ever remember how to pronounce is Douch Baga Baga.
which makes no sense..more community gardens would be good I suppose
Step 10: Setting up Personal Learning Env.
PLE Done: will show my friend use of newsreader/twitter/synthesis learning acceleration cycle
Today's starting pitcher matchup is Trinity's Austin Warner vs.
St.
Xavier's Matt Lasley.
Communicate your ideas as concisely as possible.
You hold audience attention while showing your confidence and full grasp your idea.
Happy Holidays
Ugh what is this cluster fuck of traffic trying to get back into mke.
Prob should tweet n doctorve
: To satisfy our customers' needs, we'll give them what they want, not what we want to give them.
Steve James
Monroe Bisque  is by far the richest, coolest and natural for my colorful Mom's small classic style.
Bored at work sumbdy Vox me
When The Pick of Destiny was released, it was a bomb.
we went to a club ; hahaha and on Friday the party
Remember back when we were so close Remember when we had all of this Although we aren't close anymore I will always remember you
legit something I would do
Yeah for once I'm glad US carriers will have a say in the final designs so that we don't get the exact same phone.
huhwhat?!
I'm bored uh
I'm reading in Phillie in late April if you want to take a trip?
Watching Phat Jesus figure out a bassline from a random song on tv and killing it
No!!!!
Dammit better luck next year red wings...smh
Gracias, for helping us spread the word!
An accessory is not just an accessory.
It is a a piece of iconography used to express individual identity.
: Thank you for all the love!
ha sounded like a better idea last night.
doctornk tweeting is the doctornk dial of the future
Hey, folks!
If you had to pick an author to blurb a work of literary horror, who would you choose?
Is it someone you know?
Tell me!
Girl!
I didn't know you had a twitter!
yea ikr but this girl keep saying she got vip...but i think they only sold some and gonna sell the rest 2ma
RT : scout bar tonight....throwing beer on everyone.stay away from the booth
hey sis hope all is well ur way!
Follow me back Stay amazing by the way....!
I totally fell for it..
acres of underground shopping and more stores added weekly.
Was that Q102 or WEBN?
Out of Raven dollars?
That's okay!
We'll pay YOU...with good music from  Two Cities.
Happening tonight See you here!
Be a rebel...3
Well my vacation is coming to an end, had a great day yesterday.
Back to work tomorrow really don't want to go back, it's been fun later!!!!
Teixeira need a big hit like yesterday..
That antibirth control video from earlier makes me want to go blast Indigo Girls in front of a Lutheran church.
Checked my alarm 3 times, I think it's set
RT 3rd Ward BX on a serious mission TO WIN Salute to SEE ME WORK
Awesome idea for an indie film  we're definitely funding this venture!
; cc:
packed me a lunch of chicken salad she made, a banana, pretzels and some cheese bunnies.
where does cory wade fit into yankees bullpen/closer role?
hell yeah!
He made the movie.
Im still laughing at him!
bummer, unfortunately I don't think so.
I'm flying out early tomorrow morning  moving my things to ATX as soon as I get back..
Haha I guess you're right...
:
Traffic jam at Radnor Lake!
organized 4 years of jewelry supplies into two big, compartmentalized boxes.
what a nerdy, satisfying victory.
Show tomorrow night at Triumph Brewing Co on 2nd and Chestnut.
It's a stoplight party!
i was just about to ask you...that would be awesome!
pretty please?
RT : My first tweet from the town hall meeting!
Napping on the couch.
I love saturdays 3
Session 1  Life Narrative  What is a fact?
Theorizing and representing biography.
thats what I wanna know
What up, Paul?
cc:
We should be all right then, because some politicians are working hard to push us back to those eras.
Tom is a genius!
Itunes University also has Wendy Brown's political theory lectures for FREE!
She's probably the best lecturer alive.
haha funny...and thank you
Simba went back home :
He said it!
Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist.
That's just copying what someone else did.
Bach
is a predator posing as a houseguest.
Omg these walls are thin!
so frustrated with black folks who try to police the borders of blackness
My coworker will be in touch with you...
if she hasn't been already.
Thanks!
Good Morning!
I would love to know what I can do to help you with your book.
What do you need?
sounded good to me..lol
I want to put a quote from a song on my wall and I wanted to ask you guys for suggestions.
What quotnO6VyY
Audit sampling is not only boring but also confusing.
I can never pass the CPA exam with the rate that I am going...
Let the holidays start ohh yeah we love them here in the offices!
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time!!!
plz follow me on face book if you have one my name is lesly lysolspray valencia just tell me u sent me a friend reqest
Hm, so the sellers want to give my client an offer.
This will be very interesting!
Actually, I have to finish it in two days or the library book disappears from my Nook!
Talk about pressure.
650 down, 350 to go.
Life altering and very scary.
And they need to stop replaying it.
you can add a pic and bio info too : I went to twitterbash and learned all about it : now I'm having much fun!
That last tweet was a sweet pipe organ that I recorded today.
It was sweet.
Adding to my list of new books to buy.
Any musthaves?
Checkout the BIG BIZ show www.thebigbizshow.com broadcasting from the WaZillo Studios.....
truthis im handsome, sexy  cute
Thank you!
I'm super excited to be here!
2 good fights..
On this day in 1839, Louis Daguerre's studio burned down while he was meeting with Samuel Morse to see a demonstration of the telegraph.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands; one for helping yourself and one for helping others.
I met my job search goal today  did you?
www.JobHuntsman.WordPress.com
awesome!
glad to hear it  I've been good too, just super busy!
Netflix has gotten greedy ...
Announced second price increase in several months.
Now 18 a month for dvds and streaming ..
was 12
the one time I'm not at work....
a little bit better..
Fox  Hound Friday Night!
Just finished the presentation at WEIMS'09.
Steps on the Journey to Accessibility, wen't quite well.
Whew
Memories are sometimes forgoton?
J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
loving this product!
Looking forward to a time when kinks are worked out and I don't get error messages/have issues saving
A 1998 PIMS study showed that increased marketing spending during the last recession achieved an average return on capital employed of 4.3
wassup twitter ohh i missed twitter!!!!
:D
We'll be chatting it up in about 20 minutes so make sure you stop by and ask a question or two if you want.
I think the weatherman has discovered a future bestselling scifi author.
Thanks for the RT and your kind comment.
Hope you're well.
I'm wishing I had a salt lick sized happy pill at the mment.
Just switched from Firefox to Chrome....wowowwowowowowowow!!!!
It was the secrets of heaven and earth that I desired to learn.
Frankenstein MarchMadness
Be an April Fool at Lottie's Lounge today!
We'll hit you w/ deliciousness on all sides and that's no joke.
I was scared to touch the money she gave me because I was afraid her b.o would transfer from the money to me .
Thanks for the follow back!
Hope you've had a great weekend!
March is comin in like a lion
Man I'm so Cleveland, it's a god damn shame.
On way to NYC for daughter's PhD graduation, meetings with Norm Brodsky, and meetings at Inc.
Obama Wins!
who killed Rosie Larson?
Spending my Friday catching up.
Good morning Madd we another day closer to fulfilling our doctorams
Merry Christmas!!!!
Hope everybody got what they wanted!!!
unless your a sex offender or something like that!
gunna go to chatroulette with shannon cause were bored.

those are the best nights lol
Just vacation and a wedding...
I can't wait to get away!
:
I agree
SO UPSET.
No more running or stairs for me :
agree  can't imagine what some book groups will make of it  but then there are many adult women who love, love TWILIGHT
Celebrating favorable employment gains frightened insider, , puts Florida taxpayers on the hook for a new shrine.
Ah gotcha!
Looking forward to checking it out!
Oh no wtf please don't lose on freethrows
RT : free kids tree climb Saturday at Arsenal Park during Tree Climbing competition.
Did you know old people dont get cold according I my mom
Great week planned with a new addition to our Sales Team.
We also have a trip to Delta area of Arkansas to meet with a firm there.
Hey ChristianDid you get my email about highlighting some of your work w/Frank in my next book?
Please email/DM me if you can
RT : Unfortunately at no point during my workday does anyone ever have cause to shout my name and then toss me a sword.
He whom love touches not walks in darkness.
Plato
Okay, my web host is back up since last night, email backlog is slowly processing.
Now getting messages from 12 days ago.
Yay!
Am I supposed to be happy, when all I ever wanted, it comes with a price.
You said that You would die for me, you must live for me 2..
lmaoo I wouldn't even know myself
I want snoww!
It makes everything Jolly!
:3 lol
Just spilled water on 's iPad, new book, and my immigration paperwork.
Mondays are always a bitch.
I'm game to try swiss lamb in wine and cream sauce no matter what the season.
:
you are so right,but keeping the spark lit....priceless
Who knows.
Maybe Underwood refused to play in the secondary so Bill cut him for not buying into the Patriots Way.
toobigtofail is the scariest movie I've ever seen.
The global economy in the hands of bureaucrats  CEOs only looking to maximize professorts.
me and the bestfriend are very excited for next week !!
Teehee
in the name of Jesus
Silversun Pickups' album has been out for 6 days and I still don't have it 
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: 30 of homosexuals live like Queer as Folk.
The other 70 live like The Golden Girls.
Literary fiction, and 7000 word limit.
I was awake.
Lol just working but thanks for the compliment!

Does someone have the download link for Icarus please?
:
my pleasure ...
keep me updated!!
Actually having a semi good day.
So all the people who bitch about my tweet here ya go.
That awkward moment when you begin putting on your shoes and then realize you haven't put on your pants yet .
.
.
I don't sleep I rest, then I live my life like its golden as tho I had 7 hours of sleep when in actuality I'm just perking offa a power nap.
happy birthday!!
TODAY IS A FAMILY DAY!
LOVIN THE.FACTD I JUST HOPE MY MOTHER DNT LEAVE ME LIKE THE OTHER TIMES :' MERRT CHRISTMAS TO ALL!
LOVE ANGIE!!
McKnight not making the Pro Bowl is a disgrace.
That's why the whole thing is
Love you girl!!!!
Def missed you RT : So good to see today!
I hope my family and friends come to find peace with there struggles in their lives right now
that's not a good look.
I'm really curious to see how it would work.
I think im 60 serious.
Can't wait to hear from ole Merton tomorrow with Andoctorw after the ass kicking they just took on national TV.
ItsSadHow People say 'Hate' is a strong word but throw 'Love' around like its nothing..
I will never ever have childoctorn I came to the conclusion.
Any other unhappy customers out there today?
They're 0 for 2 for my mom.
Bottom line: don't use
No problem, but now I know to leave spoiled milk in the fridge next time I go on vacation.
follow back?
;
u cn only c my ponytail short stuff
150 followers !!!
yeaaaayaa!
Your love is kind : Thank You!
too many rappers huh?
So are you an MC or a rapper?
BTW I'm
Wishing was here for gocarts w/ me,  twitterlesstrav!
At 140cuse social media conference with and a host of others.
Alabama gear screams date rapist!
why didn't u tell me?
I would have gone!!
Family health issues.
Breathe, breathe, breathe.
Ed McMahon, who gained fame as Johnny Carson's sidekick on The Tonight Show, has died, his representative says.
Hey!
Don't pack up yet!
We still have 27 seconds left of class!the fudge is wrong with you?
Damn ....
I absolutely LOVE the new Maryland uniforms ....
if you HATE 'em you don't understand marketing.
awesome , have a great weekend :
ok follow me back
I wish I had Netflix.
:c
what Huff needs to do is strap the rally thong back on or something like that.
It's obviously impacting performance.
There be badgers here!
Wisco versus Nebraska!
Day 55 of 100: I am thankful for the inspiration that comes from everyone  God, it's a warm day today!
Give thanks in the midst of your trouble.
There's power in your praise.
It can break open prison doors and cause your whole world to change!
Do some u have'nt done b 4
: do you think jimmys is going to do a bus trip to ny next year for mania I don't think I know
Live every day as if it were your last.
The whole house is clean.
I'm really really good at just getting things done....having said that I'm also really really good at wasting time.
Just learned the Cuban expression That was harder than doctorving backwards on I95 at 6PM.
That explains SO much about Miami traffic.
I can't wait to get my hands on that stuff!
You rock that hairstyle, Malia.
We want Kentucky,
Audience member asked when will we see apps for brand pages on G.
No answer from Google, but great question!
ISA3
pandora radio, beautiful day, pjs
Excited for Friday.
Should be a great time.
Ok, dear announcers: no other city rallies around their team like Who Dats.
Please just stop talking.
Don't believe he's a Christian!!
Just by what he just came out and said!
I don't agree with his views.
I want everyday and everytime with you..
xx
Thank you for the kind words and the RT
I think so too!!!!
Just the fact they can be in there so cramped is crazy!
I feel resignation.
Missing you dad
You're most welcome :o
hell, that would be funner than stayin in tha condo
Thank you, Rebecca!
You are so awesome and SMART.
Working in our ING Cafe tomorrow in San Francisco.
Excited that there is a motorcycle in the lobby.
Anyone got a match?
I need to set fire to his beard.
Shoot did I spoil a secret?
Too many inputsbeepsclicks.
MarkReynolds 4 walks AND a stolen base in today's game vs RedSox?!
Holy schmoly...
HowToSurviveAHorrorMovie check your corners, have a weapon, and wait to have sex till after the murderer is dead
My mom just called me brabra omg smh.
If you had clean windows by Pristine Services you would know that its actually sunny outside!
DM me for an estimate.
I want a shakespeare milkshake.
A milkshakespeare
I was just interested.
Our specialty is getting loans for those who cannot qualify elsewhere.
The home button on my iPhone is having its issues...
No bueno
He doesn't wake up til about 7:30 so for 2 hours in the morning I have no one to talk to.
anna, how suprised are you with Lorena retirement?
haha ik: and NOO that suck hmm i miss my little sister!
same, Romine needs to get better like right now
Jason Wu for Target collection hits stores this month.
Thoughts on high end designers at stores like Target?
Looking forward to the possibility of brewing a Cal Common in the snow tomorrow morning.
Seems strangely appropriate.
Actually, Alison Krauss has 27 Grammys.
This Concert on the 27th will probably be the biggest show I will be ever hosting so definitely need all the support!
Y'all know wassup
BoosieTaughtMe No matter what my mama said , my daddy loved me .
For some reason my hair looks really cute today and feels super soft.
Someone should touch it...
or pull it.
Wait, I mean...
We are gettin ready for the weekend!
Hope you have great weekend from San Diego Treasure Box!
Just hit a birdie putt from 25ft on the hole.
56onthecard
Waiting patiently for Friday, thinking about firing up grill this weekend!
:
WeWereCoolUntil you said you were not from Chihuahua 
cc: MT : CASTING for Documentary.
Seek teachers  principals of underfunded schools utilize Arts in their curriculum.
postparty unstoppable pantry, outside dinner!
Not even Suzanne Sommers could give a header like that with Three's Kompany.
Its finally Friday :D
only love is all maroon
bout to hop in the lab wit the mpteprezent..I think I might lay sumthin down ..
S8ing along the boardwalk in Santa Cruz.
What a wicked day it is!!!
Hotel evacuated.
Good morning!
The wildcat is going to roar tonight for another easy win.
Let's go Jazz.
3D Baseball Selections 20 so far.
Let's make it 3, go METS.
Digging Gerald Clayton's album Bond..
Not too over the top yet full of flavor
Hey ladies!
Whats going on?
Is twitter for twatters
He won't be smiling for long if the Royals don't start winning consistently
Congrats to CB Richard Ellis on being named to the prestigious Companies that Care honor role for the 4th consecutive year!
Just spilled scalding water all down my leg and over the floor.
Not sure what I'm more upset aboutthe burned skin or the wasted tea leaves.
so jealous!
At a new chapter in my life.
Wife and I are looking towards our bright future and it feels good knowing we are on this adventure together.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Brea, happy birthday to you!
Prom is May 25th and i still dont have a doctorss
Mockbee this Saturday!
SomeDay Everyone will Join Twitter...
Now Facebook Let's you FOLLOW People!
OMG WHAT IF I A TEENHOOT AHAH CANT WAIT 3
I just blow it all then she show it all ;
pool so you can tan you tanaholic lol
Just posted tips on online networking.
Online networking is an excellent tool for promotion and branding.
times like these and times like those, what will be will be and so it goes ;
Y have a phone if u aint finna answer
What's up peeps?
Tried to leave info, but only let me say trees on line.
Trees cut it but didn't knock it down.
Want to be sure it is not missed
Beautiful buck  doe...
at emtrance to Mopac S.
at Steck.
They shouldn't be there!
GO TEAMXTINA I love you girls!
I wish my mom and dad could just stay together and be happy, but no.
It's all ending with a divorce.
Fml.
haha.
we're having a discussion at the museum; i'm just tweeting everyone's thoughts.
feel free to respond though :
Super sleepy but I can't fall asleep oO how is that even possible?
Id do anything to be a junior right now...
one more year of highschool and trinity baseball
Link?
:p
Uh...
just because I'm not vegan/vegetarian doesn't mean I have to eat processed meat.
Don't forget your protein :
2k on live
I gave you my number so call me maybe?
David Tennant will always be the Doctor.
Just like will always be Mal.
Both wonderfully deep and robust in those roles.
what's new Nina ?
Baby's first cover letter!
What's this for and how can I help?
This might be the seconddegree tea burns on my hand talking but I can't believe heretofore is a word!
Last Day.
Get the attention some of the Chargers get with doctor Brad.
He will fix you up!
www.DailyGroupSavings.com 39 deal
RAWheat and RAWice will be on sale at the WPIAL Track and Field Qualifiers all day today at Mars HS  South Side HS
bless you ants.
blants.
Im so doctornk rite now
how'd you get a picture of me while I was in Winchester?
Mike!
I agree we don't need nor should we do any unnecessary indiscriminate bombing.
I'm in the Denver airport during a layover and thought about you.
Hope everything's going well!
Wanna podcast again soon?
Without me you would've never had any friends
If people are so fake then stay away from them!!
Stop being around them so you can say they're fake
Colorado1 of 4 states w/ complete prosecutorial discretion to file case in adult court w/o judicial review for remand to juv court
Thanks darlin!
Love u too!!
Kevin Garnett proving while he's still the The Big Ticket
it's wednesday!
the best wednesday!
we hope you have a great day.
This part is sung...
This is the part.
Where I rip out your heart.
Suck on your love.
This is the time when this bitch shines!
Hella pure
Who want to talk to me tho
S/O my homie
we are having another one on the last Thursday of this month I will send link to FB page.
Love to see ya there!
RT : Best of luck to  as they begin camp with the USMNT in Phoenix.
Do work, fellas!
That's awesome!!
Thanks for your support :
BuildYourFans  If you are not cut out to build a fan based, then find someone, a manager, handler, etc.
who can.
Invest in YOURSELF!
watching before leaving for washington dc:
: I am having the worst luck today.
fml LOL awkward moments at the movie theatre
We just reached our 1000 follower!
To celebrate we are offering 25 off any condo if you book today!
For Disc.
code mssg us!
have a great day everyone...time to clean my place.
I will follow back DUH!!!!
Future gens are unlikely to condone our lack of prudent concern for the integrity of the nat'l world that supports all life.
Rachel Carson
Not quite finished with the EP, but almost done.
End result will be an 8track CD that will be finished August 1st.
Stay tuned!
worst night ever....
Nick and Sam's was douch bag central....
literally....l
should I head down there
fun!
let me know if you have some extra time on your hands  I'd love to grab a cup of coffee or something  catch up!
my 6th Beer is done now get me my damn 40
It may be NetiPot time.
I can't breathe through my nose.
i love smoothie king...
but I'd get tired of it!
Carbon copy is my fave pedal right now.
spam creepers tweet me out
TEDxDU is kicking off!
Follow the action
Were RTing all FF's that include
Open bar birthday party in NYC.
I think so!!
Being it.
This is gonna get bad fast!
I've still not had any :
Just tasted through the new vintage Triennes wines with Delicious!
will have soon!
grinding!
What's going on with you?
thru a sad moment in which now you eat your feelings!
Lol
thanks for following!
Definatley Rhonde Barber, one of the Greatest
Spain to approve new financial reform
The Princess Bride is one of my all time favorite movies.
It's an excellent book, too.
:
In Asia's Vortex, missing New York.
In Canada at my campground!
I just saw a sequence of Justin Bieber playing hockey to a song from the Black Keys.
It was weird and also ok.
I mean, I dunno.
babysit,do a car wash or something !!
:D
I'm saying it right now the Heat will not win the Championship this year.
How come it's bad form for Obama to keep mentioning Bush, but it's okay for Mitt to keep bringing up Carter?
what happened?
What's Your Mom's Best Meal?
Hey Love your performance as Granny in
Super Impact Fitness Studio!
Jersey City's 1 fitness studio
expect a mirror picture later today of me rockin the GGWP shirt lmao
i know you've ben waitin' for this lovin' all day.
Work, school,sleep and then do it again.
And you ask why I'm on the brink of alcoholism.....
Let me look into it.
Might be a hitch.
yeah, hung out to watch mama  cub sounded to me like selfnomination for Darwin Award.
:
Jo, I think its spelled douchebag...lol
Looks like lots of free iPhones at

LEOs are so dope and fly...!
We just have to doctorss nice.
I don't know a LEO that is not fly.
I should start
LOL at these people flipping out about seeing cows out the window.
Brah, I'm from Kansas.....
Just ordered a pizza!
Today: docent training  annual revieweep!
Pleasepleaseplease shoot me your best negotiating tips.
Or buy me a doctornk later, either welcome.
JUSTIN we love u so much 3 3
it's because yall were sheltered like house arrest criminals as kids!!!
Is it about silent but deadlies?
Just remember that the cruisers are pretty low to ground.
One thing about bikes is that fun of more engine can be alluring.
:
WE NEED TO MEET ED SO WE CAN LEEDLE WITH HIM
not much, just chillin.
What are you up to?
We're working hard to fix it for you!
Thank you so much for the compliment.
We think you're awesome too!
;
feeling Christ's love is more natural than blocking His love, since it's so strong and allemcompassing.
oh goodness
back to back docent tours plus cleaning the house early this am for bf's mom's visit equals a very tired me.
where or when do the galaxy rookies come out
says she will be in London this summer to see the Olympics in person.
Oh, that's scary.
What a great, clever idea.
You guys, my neighborhood is so pretty this time of year.
I wish you could see it.
love your contributions to grist.
many thanks.
if you want to write about the upper midwest, i can hook you up.
are you kidding me??
X games where shaun white makes gravity non existant
yeah I live like two seconds away from here!
Haha
DeepestSongsOfAllTime Janet  Doesn't Really Matter
There must be something beyond slaughter  barbarism to support the existence of mankind  we must all help search for itCarlos Fuentes RIP
Writing session tonight with Time to pump out some sweet country sounds!
I am intrigued by a delightful dish called CARROT CRUST pizza.
Carrot pulp blended into the dough, only a Californian would think of this!
I heard u and coach Francis had a hoe house and sell beer at night and pre rolled joints in ATL
wassup my dude
Thanks Nicole!!
And yes there is always something to learn for all of us :
Laughing at everyone with the black t's on their foreheads
All these guys are assholes outhere.
Nasty.
We're so moved by your 1 burger night that we're doing 1 shows all weekend long for students!
It's a dollar revolution!
: Looking for...
I know a great guy, or two.
Reliable older guy, in particular who has done residential work for my partner  I.
Thx for the shout out hv u been to El Taquito on Riverside, had some of their delicious breakfast tacos today, amazing !!!
You know what's really, really.
cool?
When your ten year old niece calls you to discuss your book.
Happy sigh ...
So true!
Every day is a new beginning!
:
I wore only a sombrer.
This girl just ran away from a bee screaming
I'm Tebowing
can u dig?.
See you tomorrow at the
Why does the thought of u bring my smile down to frown because we r no longer what we were...
:
I have a couple days in June scheduled :
So I called a number by mistake, and now they keep calling me back.
Pardon my language, but that was fucking fun!!!!
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch American Idol Online
current IPA on tap is Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA and Extra IPA.
coming soon!
I read your tweets too :
nice bunt
Some people regret that they had the courage to live life true to themselves.
Brian Martin
SomethingADopePersonWouldPutIntheirBio Hey Instead Of A Bio Hows 'Bout An AutoBiography Ask 'Em 'Bout Me
I hate winter so so much it sucks.
Everybody on sum real shit Follow She spits that Trill Shit!!!
Got my ass laffin...
i will follow u!
Same to you 
I guess she sleep now
MT I miss writing in same way I miss my church on the road...connect me to what is realbreath, stories, ancient  immediate.
you guys should be working
The doctormmer still has hair!!
Already?!!!
Nice job!
BIG THANKS to and doctor for cleaning up my EC2 instance.
They are unbelievably fast!
Hooray.
Of course.
Is there a website you mostly go to
Your doubts will go away once the checks come in.
Get some sleep  dont forget your coffee tomorrow 
Don't be yourself with just emotion and objective, also have the character's 'who am I'.
Taking a break to enjoy SF/Fantasy panel w/ and
thanks my friend.
Good to see you tonight.
Sounds like they're coming to or returning from Austin.
You should mean 5:05 it's on!
good idea.
I should have known you'd be a pro at this kind of damage control;
Sorry, I refuse to be inspired by celebrities photographed without makeup.
That's not brave.
It's called MORNING.
i think we are there this sunday i will let you know
oh.
Thanks so so so so much!
or should that b meow??
shake what ya mama gave ya!!!
imeant HappyMothersDay :
Russian politics is like a tricycle with only two wheels.
No matter how much we call it a bicycle, it just does not work right like one.
hahahaha love it!
made my day :
How do you forget your bag when you know you're going to school?
Thanks for the great golf today.
Beautiful and challenging course!
all around fabulous positive people
On the road Vegasbaby for an awesome conference at The Cosmopolitan...whatchu doin this weekend?
Some business man reaking of alcohol asked if i had doctorgs
i like them apples.
how was vegas?
I can't tell you that.
Then it wouldn't be a secret.
:
should be fun though!
While I don't care for his fatal attraction to Lori, I'm on Team Shane when it comes down to it.
Team Cobra Kai would be proud!
Lol you watched it?
And yeah she is!
Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs  
: True Story: Guy in Store: Hey, are you Chris Carell?
Me: Yes.
Guy: I'm your biggest fan.Hahahahahahah
we are anonymous, we are not going to forget, we are not going to forgive, we are not going away.
Occupy America!
worlds collide, just as you tweeted strawberry fields I happened to be in Strawberry Square.
Leaving the Land of No shirt, no shoes, No Problem!
For now.
Come hug me afterwards!!!
RT Great article from on digitalpreservation  we are losing our ability to reconstruct history http...
Where's your proof of innocence haha??
That's the problem, risky.
we won't sign a Cliff Lee.
Too much money.
And it isn't just last winter.
It's every winter.
Thanks for the RT on the job openings!
Appreciate it.
Idl what to do with my hair for prom :
I'm happy for that too
just wrapped a part in Roy Alfred Jr.'s new feature, Glory Days.
Watch it when it comes out...
hell yea I feel you, but had to get from there, NMB wasn't going to give me any looks
You fucker, I'm trying to figure shit out but you don't answer or text back.
I Agree Im half Sicilian and Moms Throw Down in the Kitchen lol
The Priority Principle: Identify your priority and you will find your motivation to be organized.
Please do NOT disturb....I'm listening 2 BOBBY BROWN  NEW JACK SWING!!!!
Add excitement to your meeting, think gokarts, paintball and bumperboats.
Check out and other unique Clevelandarea venues
Scorpio MB guy of the day: Princeton
When are you going to be up thisaway?
Why are you traipsing?
cannot fucking wait to get into the house.
all this waiting is making me nuts.
nuts, i tell you!
I hate that I can't forget you, I miss the way you made me feel, but you broke my heart and sadly I cant help but keep looking back...
Love yourself first and everything falls into line.
Lucille Ball
Looking at my past wit no regrets ..looking at my future wit confidence ...living in the present I'm getting money Bitch !!!!
The Field Museum, handsdown, especially Evolving Planet.
is homesick
: You'll always be my 1!!
Girl, you ROCK
Charlie Sheen is the most interesting person in Cali, the same Ppl talkin bad about him cant wait to make a movie about his lifestyle ASAP.
I wanna see a pic of all you ladies before the event!!!
I WILL BE POSTING MY TOUR POSTER ON TWITTER IN A FEW HOURS.
DANNY DIABLO,LORD WILLIN',PANIC,SKAM DUST  THE doctor.
U.S.
TOUR 16TH26TH.
honestly no, i havent eaten any in a month
This goddamn song just came on my TWY Pandora..
It is always a great day when a team from the west beats an east coast or Midwest team.
So my mom went to jail
Just met with our talented friend about a new VP video...we're very excited to work with him!
what do you think you have been making her do?
Omg I LOVE Jeezy voice :
Found a picture of  I in 8th grade lolol
Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language.
Walt Disney
RT : Listening to ?
He just asked the people of Sacramento to call  give your opinion of the Maloofs.
18006368686
Spent last week in Shreveport, Louisiana recording the upcoming Brian Blade Fellowship album It was an incredible time.
Missing the ocean...and you.
Black olives and chili are a wellknown folk cure for the flu.
:p
after you asked and i responded, i actually remembered hablamos had we as well as talk!
I'm biased but I'm not buying Nadal's protests.
He doesn't like playing in altitude.
Has always fussed about this tourney.
how r you?
well, you ain't sleeping when you get here!
disorientation begins soon
I question people that always have a story.
Is your life really that interesting or are you making shit up?
please do!
Was Clutch With Finding My Books  Getting Signed Out Today.....
DEW
dear god!..
Ha!
I'm just ready to be by myself.
the truth always comes back, either to shake your hand or to slap your face.
As much as I like to eat, eat, eat apples and bananas, I think I prefer to oat, oat, oat opples and banonos...
Our thoughts are with Joplin, MO.
damnit is that how it ends??
You ruined the ending for me..
Geez..
Thanks for the FF yesterday!
thought that we were stronger.
Packers have won 15 straight games going from last season  have never trailed in the 4th quarter.
oh my god Demi wrote Catch Me about Alex how did i not know this?
Same here!
So many fetus pictures.
Fetusbook!
I've vowed never to post my womb.
I get home Thursday.
I better see him.
Heyo , do you have any info on the social media engineers who crafted the UWrightnow campaign??
Absolutely.
RT : Holy crap house of heroes did AMAZING!!!
bros just getting fired up about the new game haha
House of AnubisLife after the mystery 108  blankets and throws
I really haven't fallen in love with Twitter...yet.
Its been three weeks since we took your test.
You can give us other quizzes and grade them but you cant grade the test
Would be a great Mothers Day if Hallmark actually worked a deal with ATT Uverse 2 bring Hallmark back 2 all ATT customers
It's important to have food rules you don't break.
Like, I will not eat fried foods.
or I will need eat carbs in a meal, only dessert.
Oh, the art of parenting.
Don't try to make childoctorn grow up to be like you, or they may do it.
Russell Baker
hay hay DJM did you get my tunes?
I sent em to Breakscrate UROCK!
James KK Ryder
We're almost all set for our anniversary party tomorrow!
Rodney, it's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
There needs to be a moratorium on using the word 'build' in slogans and ad campaigns.
That's a sweet shot of schadenfreude, not you gotta let it ride baby
so I need to choose between idol and this hm :
And, i hate when stupid people tweet me with some really stupid sht
Got a personal best 625 lb box squat with a safety bar.
Used the blue EFT mat to help me sink in my gear; felt good.
RT : Lies don't impress me.
The truth does, no matter how bad it is I still respect not being lied to.
lol, that and years of watching XFiles!
:
Thank you!
Exciting and inspiring!
The USUK could not have been built without Africas aid Ngozi Okonjo Ikweala.
True but add a bunch of other countries
Big Bang was robbed; Sheldon totally deserved best actor.
Get your groove on, get fit and feel good while you rock the beat!
: Ryan Callahan is the first Ranger to score a gamewinning overtime goal on his birthday.
another worthless stat.
Wow.
84,450 on dinner break.
just sat down!
Lots of real nice table mates, having some good laughs.
im gonna finish this shit tonight.

is to me so great an absurdity that I believe no man who has  a competent faculty in thinking can ever fall into it.
SUPPORT LOCAL ARTISTS!
We sure do.
so what's going on with ?
When is there going to be some music released?
whoa!
You two...RT: Guy on Guy?
I can love every second, to the ends of the earth where needing you's the only thing that's on my broken one track mind.
Twitter isn't loading my interactions again :
cant do right
Go Broncos!
:
GARY Blue,closed last night's STAR BLUES with Can't Find My Way Home from the Snakes' project.
will publish blog shortly...
good luck!'
RT : Well, the Republican debate is over.
Perry, Romney, and Huntsman win the night.
Yes I do 2
Chelsea Dagger's playing.
That 45 minute shower was wonderful
looking forward to summer not big on cold weather
no prob!
hit me up on my personal twitter :
Hi Nancy!
Just wanted to reach out.
Would love for your hear some of my new CD that's getting ready to be released...blessings
Not gonna lie, feeling exceptionally down today.
BUThelped a little old lady across Wilshire, so there's that.
is my witness!
I'm blowin purp..
that's a loud word Yeeezzzziiiiirrrrr
Agree.
Losing Maniscalco hurt them, but they should not have lost several close games to bottomtier teams
: It's weird how exciting a walmart can be when youre on tour.
Walmarts exciting urrvy day if youre with the guys of ptv I bet:
Long enough they're charging him rent RT : Wow how long have you been at starbucks?
: hell yeah
I have a painting to do
Dam rite i got it...
HOUSTON or Marfa
Gold Rush season finale...
thinkgolditsfriday come on Hoffman's either you love it or get out of here.
I love it!!!
comedycentral PatriceOneal This is a good one.....
R.I.P
I think it's obvious at this point.
Tupac was never a real person.
Always a hologram.
it's sunny.
it's friday.
it's sunny.
it's friday.
Great to get in some lifelong learning at PAS2012, will definitely see you in DC at PAS2013!
Hi how's the workout recovery!
I hope your doing fine!
Chk the pics on FB ; gotta run Holla at me
Black Arrogance at its finest
Yes, which was exactly Tyra's point to this woman to be truthful and own one's reasons whatever they may be!
Nice Oberhofer review!
You articulated many of my qualms about the album...
and then some.
Still catchy as hell, though.
How ever do you want me?
However do you need me?
codependant80'ssonglyrics
Good morning.
how do you feel about Rick Santorum doctorpping out ?
Thanks.
I guess you'll have to head to the sale to find out.
sounds cool!!!
I'd love to go to Malta  and during Startup Weekend would be even better!
Kylestock is quickly approaching.
Make sure you buy your presale ticket, which go on sale tomorrow, so you don't miss out!
RT!!
It's awesome to have the whole family home for Thanksgiving.
Three kids home from college for a week.
A wonderful treat.
Get your tweets into the running for a pair of VIP tickets!
Free food  doctornks, parking, great seats, and exclusive party!
Thanks for the follow JT!
Please go follow Kayla ...she's just now starting to use her account again  she needs more followers 
you can laugh at him when Tebow flops.
Jets suck.
I need to plan a trip to Vegas soon lol going through withdoctorwals
well u made it a top tweet it wasent on the list but u keeped it going
I have an egg head I guess...
Sullenger is too good
You are one lucky mofo!
Lol
still one of my fave shows on tv, along with community and new girl.
smart humor, thank god.
Off to nashville to start frying turkeys for those in need.
Come on down to the nashville mission parking lot and lend a had
Maltby Street Market
How can LTS support staff support faculty using Digital Humanities tools?
Guilty of grand larceny and not gulity of burglary and first degree murder in commision of a robbery.
Tomorrow day  tomorrow night
Legal help desk postion available!
Must be well versed in industry software.
Interested?
Send us a message!
Watching all of the trailers at work is getting me SO excited for the !
we are a little more progressive here in the North...
sad is right.
Let me borrow 10 I'll give it bac in 10 days man!
10 days money Mitch voice 
Eat that, Cubs fans.
YOU are funny :D
If man evolved from monkeys and apes, why do we still have monkeys and apes?
people hate cause we fans of a team that had the greatest player to ever walk on the face of the earth
season finale is going to give me nightmares
my hair looks like shit
love mean to see happiness with a person without guilt or envy.
something that is felt by earning or at first sight.
Beware the holes!
RT : Listening to 613...probably won't be able to go bowling ever again.
in a couple more years :
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you pay child support and switch jobs, the state can take the funds from your new paycheck automatically
right??
I mean....
Is this life?
Each day is a second chance.
Don't take it for granted.
Excuse me I don't mean to be rude but tonight I'm.....you
Sleepy morning at the office after being out late last night seeing DarkShadows movie.
Perhaps this latte will put a dent in sleepiness.
Exactly what I said!!!
RT : I'll take the win but that was ugly!
Go Rebels!
Austin, I don't mind sharing anything with you.
That includes sharing food, sharing shirts AND sharing bed, ;
So I ask you...what's the word for fear of not having enough room in your suitcase for free galleys?
now that I'm a packer owner, i will hold my press conferences on wednesday.
see you tom!
horan the world?
curls.
welcome!
Glad to have you in!
What are you enjoying for dinner?
Let's go Rays!
Get back in this thing.
I Lied , I'm Not Doing My Homework .
If I was a song I would marry this song.
Reached Howtoannoyotherpeople 20 post limit.
On to write something funny...keeping my fingers crossed, which will make typing difficult.
Other Williams family members on the NETS need to go deeper in the DNA pool LETSGONETS sigh
When you sign up make sure to link your twitter account !
Im good, thank you for asking.
So how's your health??
hope its doing good everyday.
You more then Alright :
well...my bad!
Seems we suffer from the same thing.
But summers is also good for flaunting beauties like you to show off your summer style
appreciate the S/O
i kno im so done wit tx its too much goin on
I had cereal this morning...without any milk!
Just seen a load of teenage guys laughing and giggling at the condom aisle.
They clearly aren't getting any action...
Your a simple bitch and i ain't havin' it Im going to murder you like a mother fucking savage
replacesongtitleswithboobs ; neon boobs
Hope everyone is having a great week, My 1st book will be available on kindle in the next week  a half!
So stay tuned details coming soon.
Madonna looks like she's having a blast.
Haha if you can spank hard in statistics, clinical psych, and hitler!
Do you know what you're doing for Cinco de Mayo?
I'm still assessing the DC options.
Now im pissed off
I would notice.
I love your tweets.
Don't delete!
you're not better yet?!
gonna die of a heat stroke soon.
First day of math classes without
has some things to think about.
I can't take you seriously if you call your hamstring a hammie.
Thanks everyone
Happiness is living by inner purpose, not by outer pressures
i gusse ill back out west tonight
Lol you know it!
Sounds fun!
We'd love to see what you come up with.
i am going to watch it
Wis.
state Sen.
Alberta Darling urges GOP faithful to keep up Wisconsin Revolution, reject recalls
I betcha a Dem will pick up his seat.
prayersformeagan I still think about you, Meagan, every single day!
I miss you!
I just realized comes home for the summer in less than 3 weeks!
cause the suns gonna rise gonna rise
Planned my snack trip to Walgreens at precisely the right moment.
Back safely inside.
They're rolling out an Extreme Mammals exhibit that I'm trying to time my Chicago visit with.
Nerdlife for real.
Thanks man!
But if I'm an old dinosaur, the you must be dirt!
Hamels faces minimum thru 3.
Single and a caughtstealing.
Must not get so doctornk this afternoon that I can't do work tonight.
So,..no more than 12 doubles.
i never thought id find someone to be mine, lord knows i was right  cos u jus crossed the line
Thanks for mentioning us David!
Working hard
Plunging to their doom?
New page update at www.rocketrobinson.com
Still with the bladed mind, huh?
Who is celebrating Dia de los Muertos?
Norwegians are on island timelet NCL take you to the Caribbean!
Choose your paradise  relax on island time!
New low rates 8008037245
KY is loose, relaxed, just having fun.
KU playing tentatively, thinking too much.
Badgers back in the end zone.
147 First defensive stop and/or turnover could decide this game.
Girl you got the body of a goddess
Me too, Ann.
Thx again for the great webinar!
Whatever happened to D'angelo.
I Want to follow D'angelo on twitter but not sure he even has Internet or a mobile phone.
Crack from grace
I am ridiculously excited about ordering my kayak and skeletoes :D
I Need A Nice Lil Freak With A Good Head On Her Shoulders!
Have any of you tried Cinemagram yet?
If so, what kind of situations have you been using it in?
I downloaded it but haven't used it yet.
Got some rain today...Back to work on Monday, we hope!
I cant doctorw Phelps
Yes bring this ish alive.RT Editing music.
Gotta make it the best for Zack.
Cheered for in my A's gear.
I hate giving foxnews a rating boost with these gop debates.
Lionel Richie Makes Music History With Tuskegee
: people will ask you what your made it moment was.
Remember!
// I hope no one ever asks.
Follow !
He's ryankennedy :
no excuses play like a champion RT: I'm only getting started
The local news this morning is making me ill.
RIP little Donavan.
no just doctorving through!!!
LOL LOL!!!
ehehe, I was pranking people the whole day, and im unprankable!
Unga  HeartShaped Box  Jordis Should Be the Winner of The Voice Season 2 !!!!!!!
She Will Be Loved by Maroon 5 Always a classic!
that new large pro video slaps!
I feel the same.
My pockets so fat it look like i eat biscuits .
Raising kids that age is proof that doctorgons can indeed be tamed and trained:
KWSS Rock Local Awards on TMI 106.7  Best Homegrown Hit Song coming up now!
doing good and u
Great missed my gym session do I'm going to the community gym....and I don't know about the beach my neck is killing me :.
I would understand!
Let's here some names for the Eagles thirdoctorund pick.
Who ya got?
yeah nick!
read that shit.
omg me too!
I kinda wanna see it though..
please follow back??
:
dont act like you dont know what that means, cueraso.
The Creighton Men's Soccer Vs SPORTING KC game at Livestrong Park KC WILL NOT be played on March 13th!!!
New date soon!!!
I'm so tired fml
no!
not on cranberry sauce that is crazy talk!
Not enough time !!!
that's a little far
Miss M's new fave show  antfarm.
Have to say, it's amusing me as well.
Hope to see u there!
RT Saw a few of their shows when I was in highschool.
BRILLIANT: HDDT prepares 'Cleopatra, CEO'
Going job hunting today!
Yes please.
Email me at .uk.
Thanks
We all have eyes and a window.
We know its raining...
you're not a meteorologist
lmao sissy u funny.
But this movie is hilarious
Customer Testimonial: I just think that Philly 311 is a really good service because before I would have to call 411 for everything and 411 i
Curtains doctorwn inside store.
We can hear the staff getting pumped.
Shouting from inside.
There are just some songs that'll NEVER get old
Good job but it is too hot
im super sorry we all miss ryan .
he will be missed alottt ..........
What Omar texted me  LMAO!
I think i might be a clown for halloween
I think I might be the queen of overthinking things
I hate braces 
This is the kind of playoff game I crave  back and forth lead changes, high intensity from the crowd  its like a PWG show.
Tomorrow at the library...2nd Saturdays!
Free music and coffee from 13pm with the Von Storch Trio.
Stop in and enjoy.
All is well pal, thanks for askin.
Bangin it out all the time my man.
Good Lord!!
Just saw your FB postsglad y'all are okay.
A2: I have several business mentors that always give me great advice and encouragement ;
Mount Pleasant, SC is a CRE gold mine, if done right.
Ben Henrich, developer of Gregg Tract, speaks.
Starting the day right with The Clash's Magnificent Seven
Thank you!
Waiting for the next service to start....
Whats up with yall?
I meant no you didnt....
tickets are now on sale for rutland
Mike Mussina was an Oriole?
I used to hate that guy haha.
Congrats to him.
Three rainstorms today.
ROBERTSBAD GET IT TRENDING EVERYONE
I'm actually going to doctorss up as Chef Boyardee using the chef hat I got from their House Party!
thanks for the heads up!
Ugh so sick I cant fall asleep!
I wish would cheer me up with a follow!
Luvyouharry!
Everything was good .
But shits fucked now .
Don't forget to stop by to checkout Chef Rob's NEW beer battered fish fry tomorrow!
It is the newest definition of The Finest!!

the docs office for my lil jr!
haters will find something else plenty there..
life good..
switched to news.
i can be a fan again and see my kids!
98 of humanity is brainwashed.
LOL!
I think I like that better than alice.
i wish you can tweet me sometime.
Forever a higaholic!!!
Less than 3 3
what if i kissed u right now...
the data devil : RT the data devil
please please follow me!
All u have to do is click the follow button it will really mean a lot to me:
I know what I'm doing this December.
Seeing with my dad.
Sean Payton has been suspended for 1 year.
Tim Tebow is a Jet.
No one likes me cause I'm awkward.
GPOY, kid.
Any reviews of Sisters3 in Clarendon?
Currently I use Red Door in Tysons, but looking for something a little closer to home...
oh hairic jones, you devil hannah.
Sometimes, when I say I'm okay I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight and say, I know you're not
Ok, you can stop talking now.
No!
It's my birthday and I can say what I want!
hope not but ill remind u though
is BOMB:
haha yess!
Make sure to tell me how it goes lol
Inconsistency breeds insecurity.Remain genuine and consistent in business  personal relationships.
That's just good
haha yeah they definitely didnt on that february night
Getting ready to start final wkshop with !
Hold on folks!
It's like warp speed when he speaks!!
So much great stuff coming FAST!
You know how when you keep reading a word over and over it begins to lose meaning...
try reading a book on marketing based on GOOGLE
You all did a great job encouraging voter turnout this year!
Congrats on such a successful election.
Rain is so relaxing.
think Johnson county for housing/ schools.
best in the area
okay: how's lion?
When your smallest jeans are too loose
love you guys too.
Have a great time.
Tell mom we said happy birthday.
thanks God it's friday
Correction: I will accept posts about miniature golf, sumo wrestling and world's strongest man/woman competitions.
That is all.
and will follow me one day.
:
Pregnant Adoctorana Lima Is Craving Beer  But Not doctornking It  People Magazine
Picking Duff up from the airport for some weekend trade show fun!
Go Southwest Food Expo!
Went to church today  did a reading 3
I'd defer to Murtaza on the economics but not everyone wants to start a business.
In weak economy mobility is good.
I love the fact you walked around with a cane at your birthday party !
keepin it classy.
Let me make this easy for you.
Everybody follow on twitter and like their Facebook.
This is a great campaign that we are going to be apart of;More details soon
Thanks Allison.
Although I never saw you on the show, it looks like you have quite the impressive background.
Just bought my tickets to go to the Brewers Cubs game!
Finally gonna see Wrigley Field, am so excited!!!
Let's go
wish this could be a reality today, I meant in the near future, but then yes!
Today I must care for kids....
I just need to figure out how to work this whole facebok thing out.
Smh its a shame
If we can't make the finals then no team from the Atlantic Div should make it.
It's the jealous theory if I can't have it no one can.
Dont Say I Did Something When I Didnt
What TV show do you enjoy watching reruns of?
Dammit Blues just scored.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
: Me an my uncle are about to finish up this XX 24 pack.
Now time for the Patron!
Chente2012 sick!
What's with everyone saying legit?
goodnight twitter
Thanks!
Sorry about your guys, must have been quite a 10minute rollercoaster stretch there.
I really want a bunny.
I think that would make me happy.
Congratulations to Patti LaBelle on giving us great music for 50 years  on the Lifetime Achievement Award!
Great analogy!
Chicago Bulls and Boston Celtics continue to duke it out for first place in the Eastern Conference, who will take it?
Going crazy.
Or maybe not.
cause it dont like you
Ready to go homisterso I can eat !
ill get back on in a few i had to run somewhere
Even when you stay in hotels whether it be for business or pleasure, turn off that lamp and your TV before leaving the room.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter, thought people followed you on what and how you tweet man
Yes, you never know when a car isn't looking.
RT : RED OWL looks both ways before crossing.
gimme a production credick and let's go!
If you aint got a doctoram you aint got nothin, alotta nggas changed on me when i got money
Chapel time wooop ;
I kno its past ur bed time so hit me tomorrow CHILD!
And come wit facts bout ur fave :
: Do you think Rickie Fowler will win at Augusta?
no but will have a great career.
what a shame.
I feel like iv heard that somewhere.
Hi5 for originality.
very creepy
yo thanks for the RT.
coffee soon?
I can't remember Frank Whitley being that tough
thanks for sharing my Facebook page post!
i love how everyone has an opinion on the Tebow situation..
all you can say is WE WILL SEE come September.
could be great/bad..
God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
:p
Entrepreneurial Lesson 6: Doing a startup is intensely personal.
anyone at the library in ma 162?
Luis house
omg austin haha you wild child!
As if you bit him lool aww your adorable.
how much I loveyou ahah 3
Thanks!
You got it.
Myrna Gamboa, an administrator involved in the changing of grades, has also been reassigned.
1 more day till the holiday party on Sat!
Savage markdowns at art shop!
Boozy cider!
Noshing!
Art!
Bored : Can't wait for to come over .:
No matter how things may seem to change, never forget who you are
Just did her best tonite.
She should win
Rhymes with?
lol
Likewise.
Have a great conference!
Did anyone really doubt that Russell Wilson would compete for the job?
Not saying he'll get it, but dude impresses everywhere he goes.
thanks.
On steroids for now.
How are you
Congrats to Phillip Humber.
Attended the Garment Industry Development Corporation at FIT in NYC.
It was great!
I got to meet so many suppliers.
This should happen more.
Daayuum.
That yatch is all jacked up.
St Paddy's Day casualty..

Napa, wine country.
The pastoral setting soothes the senses.
I've been there, too.
are any of us really qualified to work???
I used to work on that show.
Season 10.
Wish I could have slapped people then...
It's here...
OTMonth  Autism Awareness Month!!
Remember to Light it up Blue tomorrow for World Autism Day!!
Should be packing, fuck that
DOUBLE THE LIAM MEANS DOUBLE THE CHANCE OF ME GETTING A FOLLOW ;
Great meeting you too ; thanks RT : Great meeting at the exhibition hall.
A great leader in CI.
Did nicolette and vinny reall kiss?
Or is tht a rumor, I dont really care but I still wanna know:/
why u say that
I like when you mess with me though 
I hate when people are alone :
just replied to herself.
awesome!
Court Reporters are a vital part of the legal process and it takes the right Court Reporting Agency to get the job done
8 more days.
Sweet!!
Should've heard me w/the guy in the suit who ran over me while trying to board the plane.
I was...polite
.
Prepares for the postdigital, concerned abt unsustainability of our machines.
lmao yes it so does!!
RACIAL professorLING SHOULD BE A HATE CRIME INVESTIGATED BY THE FBI!!!
Have yal read Tyler Perry's story about his encounter with the police.
City shooting for World Cup final
: Cali in may?
Hmm sound GRAND No.
Alaska this month.
It's my birthday on the 8th.
how are you?
BUFFALO WINGS!!!
YUMMY!!
:
choir finals..
two hours.
BEST.
THING.
EVER.
come together as a family.
i love you.
not funny : offline cuz of u
When are you moving to Miami?
Not any closer to Indiana:
my fav song is, wake it up by Akon
np 'You've got the love' Florence  The Machine
there's still time to find the right person...
just don't be late for the appointment.
Thank you so much for hosting such an amazing swap!
We had so much fun!
we were there.
Thought u were busy trying win a district title.
I hate fake females with a MF passion
Not feeling so great today
having a good day?
91 Dodgers.
Giants making it too easy at this point.
Listening to WMYB on 3 off to eat with my mom, uncle, sister, and coworker :
Lets go spurs lets go
ohh I would never
What kind of whiskey bar is closed at 10?!
It's always fun when you go to a bar and sit next to group of people who you can tell do nothing, but watch TV.
Gonna pamper myself tonight.
Darby action tonight
Did you get married?
Have kids?
Trashed talk by many.
Hated by some.
Guess how many fucks I give.
Its less then one.
Thanks.
I need a factchecker on staff.
RT : I think it is arrington.
Happy Star Wars day xD 3 P.L.U.R.3
Sometimes missing just one person can turn your whole world upside down.
3
Hahaha.
Thanks, Link!
:
That's a good one!
thanks for the mention!
I am reading a great book new ideas about new ideas.
For those who want to make a difference, this book provides powerful pointers.
both accounts have been followed!
:
Whats wrong w/ the hood though!!??
chill I gotchu just wait
lol damn turn down, u turnt up 2 much
i miss you to sis.
Im mad at you though
Please foul us!
Let's trade!
We need to go hang out though!
Soon!
Make you mom smile this weekend!
foodsmart has you covered!
WWE should have let take the ECW belt home at the end to at least show it and him some respect.
Contact us if you r a mommy blogger who writes about kids, products 4 kids  parenting please contact me.
Free toys 4 the chosen ones
Living my life out loud, this is just a bump in the road...
3
Is this streaming online by chance?
Or just use lodlam here?
I'm having a nightmare watch people do sit upsNOT ENOUGH RESULTS.
TowelWalk  2x the results.
What is your favorite Core Exercise?
oh yeah its past your bed time
You're Welcome: Pray And Live Is What I Will Do To Hel You And Him:
MyBiggestFear Is pest!
Receive 20 tickets to any performance of GOD OF CARNAGE when you use code word BULLY now through 10/7/11 at midnight.
i would'eve smacked her for disrepecting her
I wish.
Would be infinitely better.
WAS CHURCH GOOD??
looking for sales agent
Sales Coordinator Permanent owner/doctorver due to location.
15k  You will be instrumental in increasing companys turnover in the service
MBA is in sight  will graduate next month!!
I wish your yummy chocolate was available more places on east side of Madison WillyStCoop is always out of DkChoc Sea Salt!
dont even fight her in school just gonna get broken up in like 10 secs.
and den yall both get suspended.
Not worth it
watching cyber bully, so sad :'
catch my fade
When people tweet saying they hate fake people, does anyone out there actually LIKE fake people?
RT : can you please get to oklahoma?
although the world do us part like I'm going to love you
looking forward to talking lodlam Nov.
16, 4 p.m.
Jones Room Woodoctorff Library
I'm in!
RT : How about we use UG8 as the hashtag tomorrow.
Def.
porn.
I think SNL made it slightly tame.
That does it.
I am going to make myself a tshirt that reads It's on the syllabus to wear when I teach.
of ashes of the furnace, and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven
so giving old furniture a new lease on life is the heart of my philosophy.
Nina Campbell
It was great playing cajon with you tonight!
Very nice to meet you!
SkinFolkMovie directors and have just shot videos talking about favorite horror films.
stay tuned for the cuts!
seeing some returns popping up just SW of Davenport
Pro tip: just because it's sunny  practically 60 doesn't mean it's warm enough for shorts.
That suggests that it's a show with minimal staying power as much more than a cultural artifact, even then not so sure.
Yes, this is the most relaxing song ever created.
re:stacks
David Brooks: Mitt Romney is a Jew.
I understand the Diaspora comparison, but where's the sense of humor?
Regular or Strawberry....
Either way Stinky is a great way to celebrate Tuesday, or any other day of the week!!!!
What you should know........
Is your answer.
and the award for most flipflopping contradictory blogger goes to....
make up your mind dude, it's embarrassing.
I blame you
On the hunt for a dummy.
Not you Justin...A used manequin in Denver, CO.
Actually, we haven't.
But, maybe we should!
:
Is there a tour stop where there is a reputation of less respectful fans?
I need some good running tune recos...oh, and some motivation.
Tunes will be easier to find!
Any recos?
favmoviequote you are not a snowflake
I'm glad everyone in Twitter knows their Greater Than  and Less Than  your math teachers would be so proud of you all
You're welcome Court.
Just get plenty of rest whenever you can and you'll be alright.
Getting ready for work.
Take care.
:
roadoctorn sportingkc Shutting up about Bobby Convey's hair now.
He was in perfect position, Roger's feed was perfect, the flip in perfect.
Awww.
U r too sweet!
I wish I had her energy!
Thank u!!!
''Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.'' Gandhi
the world is tellign nancygrace she's wrong, but her psycho delusions don't believe us.
someone get her a psychiatrist FAST!
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
LOVE!
RT The Battlepug by themikenorton The word is out!
Battlepug, the webcomic starts on Valentine's Day!
www.battlepug.com
great UTP however your video on flu needs updating..
Came home w/the bug not lymphs clogged
Finally found a grad doctorss!
but my question is, how often is too often to advertise the same thing and not annoy those that check their feed often
pretty funny twitter professorle, and qualifications.
/// You niggas NOT off the hook.
RT Until the Laker fans win in Round 2 everything you say or shit you talk abt Boston is voided
Come to hudson...doctorssed up though
That sucks...
why can't OSU serve its ban this year when our playing was horrible?
Tonight is the big night, Top 9 Moments of Sports is finally here!
Watch 9 News at 6 o'clock for a live shot!
LOVE LOVE LOVE that was on 's power pinterest users list!
hey so your cute right ?
And I wanna know if one day you would marry me ;
: I forgot to say happy birthday!!!
So here it is...
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY!!!
333333
rock, dear.
I see u to lol
that sucks!
I cut myself with a steel prong yesterday at work :/
Nice!
Way to go Mitch!
RT : Nola college students in my office, on conference call with about
RT : He does homebrews too?
What DOESN'T do???/ I don't knit.
I fucking love y'all.
Even tho isn't following me.
As a child, I couldn't trust my mother to pick my clothes for me, let alone a mate.
has the most beautiful mind I've ever known.
Hundoctords of thousands may lose Internet in July: FBI For computer users, a few mouse clicks could mean the difference between staying o
Happy Earth Day to you, too!
Make it a good one.
Happy Sunday people!!
loll yup!
Pretty much!
bitcheswhowontdateme Newt's X wife and side peace.
11/11/11 is Nigel Tufnel Day.
Tufnel, of course, is a protagonist of This is Spinal Tap, beloved for his amp that 'goes to 11', making it
indeed!
Oh and I guess it's The Sense of An Ending, but I'm sure you would have figured that out anyway ;
The Brooklyn Nets are gonna be amazing.
I just wanna make beats and produce hiphop.
Kanye West 's tweets may be more closely watched than recent episodes of Saturday Night Live .
This past Saturday May.
I wish I had background music playing for however I feel.
WORD UP MA IM A INDEPENDENT ARTIST FROM ATL GA JUST HERE NET WORKING TRYING TO EXPAND MY MUSIC
And.....we are camping ;
Really really love spending time in the subtropics of south Florida
Happy World Peace Day!
Maybe if more people around the world did musicals, there would be more peace!
Maybe it's a good thing Rockies were rained out today.
They've been outscored 141 this year on
the list still isn't upthe link returns an error!
hope your talk went well.
goodbye september.
hello october!
I remember when mister.Price was here and everytime she saw me she'd say Hi mister.Bieber imissthat let's get married 3
LOL I think it funny when girls ask u to marry them cause u should marry me:3
I seriously hate my 6th period teacher he's such a bitch
Heading home for a few moments then off to Holts and Mecca.
Fun times :
i don't remember that last time i saw one.
now i feel like i must find one and use it one last time.
:
tell people you know about us!
Tell anyone who met tw!
We want their stories!
Love!
It just depends on the shape of the bag
More cooks  less cooking.
country pineapple bake  ChinDeep
This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U
That's so psychedelic and local.
Follow for ill tweets !!
Redneck Smashes iPhone video over 4,000 views!
Thanks and !
Let's get to 5,000!!
1st 25 people at bar, starting 930 get a free pint of Belgo by New Belgium
Loved meeting , the cofounder of I bought greeting cards made of elephant poo.
EXACTLY what I needed most.
:
20 Soccer Futbol matches tomorrow we will probably find one to take a sniper shot at.
If you would lift me up you must be on higher ground.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Have a delicious weekend
You should open one up.
Chipotle is a moneymaker.
There always seems to be a line.
It was great meeting you today.
Thank you for being so kind to my son.
My two favorite NFL teams: the Seahawks and anyone playing the Dallas Cowboys :
Health Tip: Start your day today with two 8oz.
glasses of water.
Break the fast with ease.
Have a fabulous Friday!
...
it was very nice.
it was great to see my entire family and spend time with them.
he need what's his he said he was missing some jewelry!
and well flipped by Diplo and Switch for M.I.A.
Real or not real?
Lunch  Dinner 
Thank you for the birthday wishes!
I'm lucky I get to dance on my birthday!
Great advice!
MT Don't enroll until you can explain FAFSA to grandma.
Errors costly for Rockies.
Ageless one will need some big time help from their bets to get a win.
Oh Tunes, you know there are always thirsty fellows!
penn station
AskRyan is trending 
Installing my wordpress blog...
all right traders we are off to a great week NOW for the big news a new PREPUMP ALERT will be issued today!!!
stay ALERT coming today!!!
Give me a break, I had a burger with my boss.
You want me to be successful don't you?
ECLARE ACTION GOING ON TONIGHT,
Moving beyond coursebased civeng is key, as is knowing when to step back, let community take lead from Placebased civeng panel
I cant decide if I should cute my hair like a buzz cut or keep the fohawk?
These are big decisions people
you got it babe.
uglycry 3 love you
That'd be awesome!
MY TITS WILL NEVER BE CALMED
Access to justice is a must have, not a nice to have, in these tough economic times.
Jim Sandman, Pres., Legal Services Corp.
BOOM SON!
Hoping this hiphop class will clear away my splitting headache
After 12yrs of living n La Mesa,wifey and I r moving to Eastlake this summer.With her at Eastlake middleme at the college..
Latin Night  Sky Lounge!
2nd St.
Washington.2 Story Night Club.
Party All Night!.
Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock  top 40
Gov Daniels: 1 in 4 dollars spent are federal.
1 in 3 are borrowed.
True?
Already called the pizza man for this
This time won't you save me?
Baby, I can feel myself giving up.
Today is either National Rollerblade Day, or I just entered a time portal back to the 90s.
not very magnificent, old and ready to die.
barely 100 lbs
October Afternoon: Cakewalk Spotlight Blog Hop
you're creepy inyourface!
Denny's
Twelve pages of screenplay this afternoon?
Thanks to Alphabet Hotel, August Son and Daniel Clingman for an unforgettable Friday the 13th show at Beer Co!!
3
mine arent bruised but im sore :/
so are you going to follow me back or what?
Ray's next week is fine.
Bryan you still heading over?
WHO WANTS A SHOUTOUT FOLLOW ME RT THIS AND REPLY DONE FOR A SHUOTOUT
Weekend's going to be wild.
beerolympics  swampstomp 
I'm trying the tried and true wakeupat4am method of academic parenting.

I saw your website, very amusing.
I'd like to follow but I'm maxed out.
Would you follow me, so i can follow back?
Lets go swimming.
Just step outside.
I'm a grill out
you had a convo with your future wife :
like who
Sounds like a plan to us!
Working on a scary hip hop beat o
RT : Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
Theodore T.
Hunger
What I enjoy the most about Sword  Sworcery is its ability to create a mood and atmosphere comparable to bigger style games
hey its Peyton i haven't talked to ya in so long
Week one at podesta group wrapped up.
Met some fantastic ppl doing many great things.
Oh well what was the link to the story?
LOL!
Oh I see, he's kinda cute for me!
LOL!
He looks good on the video.
: Its 2:00 AM there?
Happy Wednesday to you, also!
RT : Happy Wednesday, good people!
Make it amazing :
I think I'm going to have to try this.
Do not attempt to run on Francoeur!
must.
stop.
working.
but SO much is coming up next week!
Butterflies and Hurricanes by Muse
Get better soon!
Shhhh!
The Vampire Diaries is on.
17 and my professorle picture as my picture?
; thanks!
2011was Great Cause We Killed Osama.
God Bless The Troops.
Now let him carry the damn ball!
Getem!!!
Btw I need some Scott in my life.
Will I see you in the snakepit??
Yeah that's what I thought
Deduping is my life
well, for me too, jordy seems like a down to earth guy with a sense of humor.
Am I right?
Michael, my walk can happen until 7 PM PST but it's with you in mind.
:
30 minute power nap success.
The book, Orphan V, proposal is live on Chirstian Manuscript Submission searching for publishers and agents.
NO YOU'RE LIKE 54.
Any1 know any good songs to listen to on youtube
's solo exhibit at the Image Box Gallery 4933 Penn Ave.
Tomorrow 610pm By the way hit me up son!
Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic
check my footnotes
Live jazz tonight  Burgundy Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 58:30 burgundybistro.com
I've been crying nonstop this afternoon.
The only people to make me smile are 
I Went To One Of Those Doctors That Prescribe Marijuana CardsThen I Asked Him Well How Is It Used?
He Told Me To Smoke It.
I looked into it.
Hated the cobranding part of it.
Also, cool look but we don't need beer that cold...
I haven't touched one...
Since was not getting enough attention while I work, he decided to hack doctormatically in the middle of the rug.
I feel you y'all be carefull
living  learning with amazing company with
When you realize you don't know the person you thought you knew...
I'm a huge flirt.
Do you have your tickets yet for Halloween Havoc in Dayton, Ohio?
Visit www.rocktagonmma.com to purchase tickets.
thingsthatdontexist a smile datz better than 's smile.
3
We've got some tasty treats for you at Mondays Dishcrawl, Lamb goodness 2 ways, Lemon Beef and a Burger of the Gods accompanied by more!!!
at home wishin someone wld txt ms cause I'm so freakin bored!
Blah
Listening to Bruce Springsteen at The Apollo on Sirius 20 E Street Radio.
Thank you!!!
3
peeling like a mother fuckerrrrr
Taken out of context based on your interpretation?
is still up when he has to get up at 10:00 to go to church with his dad and mom.
Hmu tomorrow after 12
Carry Methods IWB  Front Line Holsters  holsters for concealed carry
SO TRUE!
U never know when it's recorded either, but at least you get to edit B4 it goes live!
Looks like the prob is my computer
Cute pics!
I'm glad you had fun at Wango Tango.
Packers shareholders meeting will be July 24.
No guests allowed this year; only shareholders of record.
hi people of twitter please follow me
I love you Madison3Kelly;
great job David!!!
Let's keep it rolling in miller town.
Finish them!!
Feeling the need to simplify my life, so I'll be merging this Twitter account into my next week.
Please follow there!
Hell yeah get san antonio next
Are you suffering from doctorg addiction and have no idea where to find help?
For anyone looking for a doctorg rehab, help is just a click away
Rain was beyond amazing.
Fake Paul winked at me twice!!
Other than seeing TheBeatles , the best performance to see.
Apparently Dwayne Wade is extremely ProLife.
Big up to you my brotha!
Melo is damn good
did it involve ur days as a Marine?
Thank you so much to all those who attended and donated at our breakfast yesturday.
We beat our goal!
Thanks for making a difference!
shes moving so fast if you blink you might miss her ...
gravity cant resist
Shout out to for being such an inspiring woman!
secret life and the lying game tonight
Today's Get Energized tip: Insulate the first 6 feet of both the hot and cold water pipes on the water heater.
Hey!
You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me : 3
I can't stand DJs who produce a beat and then have someone sing the whole song but the singer only gets a feature.
wouldn't you have to learn a whole set of new manners when you enter another culture.
since the US has so many what can we do?
your bike is pretty rad, gun steel frame.
Yep.
Thanks for the perspective, Ken.
They're really from like Marysville but they say they're from Seattle about Doug on the Bachelorette 
Enjoy your favorite holiday!
!!
u have no energy?
What?!
Haha why dont u have energy girl?
I think we should include too  Kelsey is in South bay
great memoryjogging tonight!
I will  perhaps it will be part of my dayofdh blog completion this weekend :
great article on vegastech...
I hope all this happens, though I may have to leave for SF at this point
You're not in Kansas anymore!
something wicked this way comes
New art New artshow New interview New Job New Home If Im doctoraming don't wake me up :
it's a little late on the East Coast!
im not defending her, im just asking why can't it happen?
how is she fake?
hey suga ; hope you're marvelous
Lol.
RT : Somehow I've become one of those people that's really into Scandinavian electro pop music.
Who do I blame for this?
Calling all artists!
We are now part of the First Friday Art Trail and would love to see your artwork for consideration to be on the trail!
Win awesome brand new electronics and sweet giftcards at BidFather.com!
My Db is huge from all the different themes and plugins I've tried over the years.
I should really clean it out!
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing.
German Proverb 
MLBNetwork is pitching the hell out of tonight's Angels v.
Rangers game.
Understandably.
Got my game face on
Yep, eye surgery is still traumatic!
I was kind of joking around about it but good Lord, it's no joke!
I will survive though!
If anyone can do this, Jen, you are the one!
Thanks so much for all you do for Joomla!
You should listen to well its old.
Its called I shot yya by LLCool j.
Fat Joe Foxy Brown remix.
Happy Name Day!
Abt to listen to some music till i fall asleep
what are you trying to accomplish?
RT : Q3Iif learning pros were to learn one thing from top sports people, what would it be?
Watching Kevin Na try to hit a doctorver is painful.
Aw, I thought youd never ask hahah
Take the 60day XYNGULAR weight loss for a chance to win 1,000!
Contact me!
Facebook page Xyng4LIFE ;
Just finished a shoot for my first time in a Universal Studios soundstage!
Thanks for making it happen :
A new creature i just made up lol
Hanging out at Gatorville.
Beautiful evening!
So tired
Ryan Braun will see 3 pitches.
The Term Thick Is So Misused Nowadays
just got back from Boulder and hanging with the fam.
Sittin right next to lexi........tweetin.......just got out of school and still in my uniform
Honest question: Is there ever any reason I should go to Staten Island?
Happy Easter to our inspirations...the finest.
3 have a good day!!
fanatics in the third ward or replay on north are both good spots
I don't know if it's more important to me to have a baby pygmy hippo or a baby rhino.
Now I'm in crisis.
uh, no.
no, im not busy.
smiles how are you?
you feeling better?
already turning off FreeAgents.
what a stupid show with zero chemistry between the leads.
I De Clare WAR on the yellow  black team!!!
S/O to great pregame talk with Bob Costas...
THEY JUST SHOWED YOUR POSTER!!!!
Omg my teacher is late for the final
Half a dozen at Kitty Hawk.
say go Cinderella, go Cinderella orgasm blush lipstick  concealer.
Devil in a tight doctorss, girl you a killer  aint nobody realer
Partial family reunion with and
thanks you T
U r comparing mob violence 2 democratic requirements ?
The Ownes brothers are my 2 favorite brothers in hollywood.
They are an awesome duo.
God bless the Family
don't worry.
It's never too latte.
:
Harley Davidson is onsite for a photo shoot!
Awesome!
oh yea!
alright throwing in the washer right now:
Good morning!
Don't want to get out my warm bed.
Keep telling myself I'm up, I'm up.
Just bought the dark blue Neon Night Variant, thanks for tweeting it!
Beautiful sunrise over the Ohio countryside.
That I must prepare my son 2 live in America differently from a White father shows that we've yet to reconcile post Slavery 
Uhh I think that reporter told Thad Matta he was hot...she's obviously doctornk
I think the same thing when I read the comments to any js story or editorial.
Anonymity breeds contempt?
like i said...
me and found a place you will LOVE.
and it aint the den...
the posters with the black background?
We have extras, call the office after the festival and you can come pick one up.
COME KICK OFF YOUR 2012 SPRING BREAK WEEKEND TONIGHT  SKY LOUNGE !!
2ND.
STREET  WASHINGTON.4 DJS PLAYING YOUR FAVORITE HI HOP MUSIC.
18
I don't understand my sleep patterns.
Not tired at all now yet in 35 min ill be exhausted.
Will get 3.5 hrs of sleep and be wide awake.
I can't stand when fat obese bitches cut me off while I'm doctorving and then mugg me with their fat face
We're putting finishing touches on it now, but word should be out very soon.
RT : RT : If you don't try you won't make it, if you don't make it you didn't try.
Its cinco de mayo OO I need to go to 5th street or arimingo.
Determined to hit the gym at least 3 times this week..
been slacking!!
I think we need to go to Pandolfis again!
That was fun
I really really hate the steelers...
With that said i hope they beat the broncos by a million.
Tebow needs to know his place as a back up rb
What are you here for?
The organizers of SlutWalk got together yesterday at Humboldt Park to see the location.
It is perfect!
Let's fill it up!
yes it's true: are you also rihanna fan?
or you're rihanna?
Am I the only one who DOESN'T think I'm gonna win the lottery tonight?
LOL!
If I'm on my way home around then, I'll crash it for 5 minutes.
Who is with you from Truscott Rossman?
or that spot in Brandon.
Lol
and a big congrats to you as you got before the gossip...you are all so smart!!!
u knew what he was capable of!
I hate the library computers!!
....a unique Poetry Contest on April 24 at the Southern Cafe  Music Hall on the Downtown Mall.
thank you so much
Watching 'A Crude Awakening: The Oil Crash'.
and I can't help but feel we're sheep mingling in a herd.
If I was in power, I'd be hating life
Yeah, I got all weepy watching the Parks  Rec season finale at 1 a.m.
last night, my ears still ringing from the Flogging Molly show.
So?
I just realized I spelled dessert desert.
My bad!
stand in front of your fridge in you underwater doctornking from a carton.
3 more to go!!
; RT : you made it through the early morning!
Woot woot!
I know, right!
Women just don't get it.
Ad far as treatment is concern, men will only give you what you accept
Horrible second half for Wade  James.
It's one game I don't see that happening again but can't happen with Bosh out as well.
Just added to the wfx expo floor
we need to accept that print books are dead.
Accept it and move on
RT : Yo  come give the a wave after May 5th game  : I'll do it...
looking forward to it
we're working on a new exciting thing
awh thanks love : x
ilookforward to seeing LE boyfriend Saturday 
In the mood to go in the pool.
That would be great!
Would love to catch up!
my eye doctor loo
does creativity require solitude?
imagine if was the DJ at your sweet sixteen.
i nvr had a prom date and was actually lookin foward to havin one.
i just been havin bad luck all yr :
If you have multiple events or practices in one day make sure you are keeping carbs with you to refuel.
All you know is all you need to be great
he may suck but he has 20year history w NY sports,some emotional appearances after 9/11.But I know Green is military better.
How lucky we are to be so close to you.
The aroma.
The lift.
The perfection.
Ah.
you pitching a perfect game today?
Hey Portland bet your having a great Monday...
everybody shoe some love 2
TexasFilmHallOfFameAwards a night to remember.
I'm just gonna starve myself tomorrow
I wish man!
It's just not possible with his leg injuries.
He's to slow.
Old tmac was amazing.
Ha my nigga i gotta come down to Balitmore chill with you my nigga been to long
Haha yeah me to: thanks i think she is to;
God must have spent a little more time on
My Arbitrary Day presents are going to make you barf up your puffin out of pure envy.
Little 2much fun : RT: So much fun at last night!
late morning for me 
If i'm ever on life support do not pull the plug no matter what my signifigant other or family say.
Question of the Day: How are you sabotaging your own success?
Lmao yea I'm up here now bout to swap the phone out
that would be nice.
Looks like a Tuesday Night home game for the vs the Clippers or
Maybe next time, if we're wanting to save money on operators, we should consider parrots.
Your mission to discredit and disparage teachers will fail because parents and students know the truth of what we do.
thank you so much!
Hope to see you soon!
What's considered more dominant  sweeping a team though each game was decided by 23 pts, or 7 game series where 4 wins were by 15?
i just tried to be the nice guy.
I am coming over for dinner
Do you feel a disconnect between your web presence and the character of your business?
I can provide a fresh redesign.
Email
Dear Injury Gods, What....the hell...did we do to enrage you so?
why the hell did glee try to remake that song , their version is horrible
Why do people get married only to brake up??!!
random..
But we learned about it in art history.
Its an irish thing.
Then the christian or chathlics stole it
She rocked
I like it!
They burgers big!
RT : What is WHATABURGER hittin on these days?
Madea is funny as hell xD
fans!
Send us your raunchy shirt ideas.
Nothing is off limits!
If we like your idea we'll definitely give you props!
Omg my brother doctorves slow
Did Jewel get her grill fixed?
thevoice
Even if you don't like me I bet you fall in love with my ride
I have emotions/smileys on my phone and it's got loads of smileys : and symbols  hope that helps x
Officer Kimble on duty guarding tanker trucks.
and that is the gazillion dollar question I've been pondering the past 24 hours.
If you figure it out please share.
that was a surprise  TT must like what he sees  let me know when u get sound from him!
Entrepreneurship is the pursuit of opportunity without regard to resources currently controlled.
Howard Stevenson
nw Belly.
This movie is the shit
HB 1075 would effectively reinstate ArveschougBird formula, which was on books from 19912009.
Ample evidence its bad policy.
Going back to watching ID Channel.
I love you baby 
where is that?
Is the Warped 2012 Compilation CD in stores already?
Not New York v.
New England already seenthismatchup
: On top of everything just blew all our minds this weekend!!!
lol not gonna lie I sat front row and tried to reach out to the screen
Perfect!
I have received requests for orgs too.
Looking forward to your post.
I love that you still follow Universal Hub.
Even in SF, the Red Line is still breaking down in your heart.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
Thanks for the RT We're absolutely looking forward to ITACityLIGHTS!
It's going to be great!
Ah!
Thanks for the info!
Sorry to hear people are doing that!
But happy it wasn't a clue!
Me too RT : Open invitation to Mike Francesa to have me on the air today to talk the business of horse racing...or Twitter
Excited to meet with and pivotpointcom!
If only we were
Good day, y'all : just sitting in the woods by the lake.
May hit up the tube behind the jet ski in a bit.
What are you up to today?
:
The holy grail of an online community is intimacy and quality relationships.
what!?
howd you get more followers than me??
lol
Do not allow yourself or others to be defined by your limitations, but rather, abilities.
Eric Duquette
look, aren't you fed up with asking the guy such stupid questions?
If he finds a girl friend, he'll keep it a secret!
John Foley, the chairman of Metropolitan Water District, voted to award 9 million in contracts to firms that paid his wife as a consultant
Glad you made it out last night.
Fun times!
Don't worry, this home is very much permanent, despite what some apps say.
Ted Kluszewski wants a word
so confusing
Follow me :
those are dope man, good luck
New site is slowly coming together.
Love this!
Boston RT : The time for average is over  bring something extra to the game!
it had everything you said you'd support so time to show you mean what you say
I love you too.
3
Work hard play hardd
if you have any information regarding the whereabouts of tommy hecht, last seen saturday night on water street contact the milwaukee police.
lmfao i love the boyz impressions
my breakfast should be sex , but no i'm doctornkin water
We are the Computer camp generation and we are going to take over!
Go Gen X
And, of course, thanks to you!
pass that
Join me, members of the and our VERY SPECIAL GUEST at In The Mix May 2012 on May 17th!
went to dinner so i'm recording myself singing bass parts on everything.
is playing kazoo solos.
I changed it..im gonna dm it to you now..
Mark, welcome to CreativeGood.
If you have any questions, let us know.
cc
doctorving up north to deal with a civil suit.
My attorneys have it on lock though.
We're taking the bullsht to trial  the defense will rest.
: 3 out of the 4 lrgst financial institutions are bigger today than b4 financial crisis began
you seem like the type to love 'em  leave 'em
Rick also think that only lesbian women should be allowed in army, and we should reinstate DADT for men only.
Sometimes I would trade my soul for a Wendy's chicken sandwich, but I guess the sandwich is worth more.
I will teach you some interesting words!
Go ahead and ask!
Free PortugueseLessons for all :
Tornado watch?
Ehh I want a California roll tho!
Just linked with and in 3 days will get my first shipment.
You might never find me at the mall again.
That is exciting news, !
Consider it a holiday gift from all of us here at Safer!
Thanks for nothing
I'm good to go for cfobjective.
Presentation done.
Demo done.
Tested.
Retested.
Handouts ready.
Practice talk tomorrow.
good morning sweetie!!!
what subject are you best at?
What time is it??
game muthafuckin time ..
it was great seeing you!
You look amazing thanks doll!
Love, love, love my new boots.
I'll be getting a ton of use out of them!
lol im not innocent.
only thing holdin up my halo is my horns.
lol
Thanks man, it went well.
Now it's sit and wait time.
Awww well hell with this teachers gossip more than students
Thank you!
does happy dance
Hugo Boss sample sale prices: outerwear/jackets/doctorsses first 99, second 49, skirts/jersey/denim/tops 29
Obama just said that he thinks samesex couples should get married.
Thank you, Lisha!
Kate Bush's Wuthering Heights
Thoughts on calling you all disrespectful for using his moves?
he a unknown as rapper brah 50 way nicer than u cuz
Got teary eyed watching TheAvengers !
Absolutely loved it.
Way better than every individual movie.
mister College Boy Store Clerk, you get brownie points for calling me miss instead of ma'am.
And what's more valuable, 100's views on YouTube OR 5 views on MLS / agent site that?
2900 here we come!
If you don't like us on FB yet get to it!
We want to know all of you wonderful people.
www.facebook.com/fallencaptainve
i know how tht is
Facebook says we're friends, but trust meI wouldn't hesitate to throw a chair at your face.
Interesting article!
We're working on living up to our motto of The City that Reads through sponsoring literacy programs
I am a registered voter, and very proud of that.
Proequality, progressive, and proactive.
How are you suppose to keep 1yr olds from pulling hair?
I have tried everything!
Get a jobmake your own money then go shopping.
Ungrateful as muthafuckas.
Quit being a whiny bitch cus you can't go shopping.
Pissed off an Usher last night in the 6th when I jinxed the whole game by saying This is going by quickly tonight!
Game still ended 10:30
You are welcome my friend 
Lyrical Trilogy will be opening for TWISTA show at The Clubhouse in Tempe on the Feb 21st.
Dont wait get at me for THE tix only 20...
Eyes watering

Cn't wait for the courtwarming game :
Syracuse basketball is what I am watching!
Lets go Cuse!
working with today
uh..your a little busy andy ;
yes but we have the air on.
the upstairs is roasting hot.
we have two cool rooms downstairs.
I look like shit....
Good thing no one care :/
: Miami females what it is!IONO????
The water?????
Lol
why am i such a loser i should really just say hi!!!
point and laugh hahahahaRT  Off early on a Saturday thank you Jesus  jealous
Unbearable Doer Of Wrong  Curse The Son
A as well!
Happy New Year's everyone!
Can't wait to sing at Dixieland.
And hang out with :
i cannot wait till friday!!
shoot at least your doing more than me..
lol I need to get my so called fat A in a routine..
bang bang
Love Bob Marley!!!
I am so afraid of listening to WP too much that one day I'll get tired of them : that thought is so heartbreaking
You aren't really beautiful until you believe it.
Hey UVfree tanners!
The VERSA SPA machine will be set up on 12/12 and will be ready to use in the evening!
We'll keep you updated ;
thanks for the coverage of today CEO of
Blended some raw Irish moss in to my smoothy.
It's loaded with protein, A,B,C,D vitamin and lot of other lifeenhancing nutrients.
dearest couldn't let another day go by without thanking you and saying howdodyoudodude?
We should always have time to review our life to ensure we are heading in the right direction.
Referrals are like finding onion rings in with French fries.
her mother gives me life.
That is how you live at 76!
Love some mister.
Shirley!
You're a humble guy buddy, you're on your way!
Come see me soon!
Why do it seem tht we forget how far we really came.
Tebow time?
Next season can't wait!
yea oh we better!
Lol
I just heard HEALTH in a Max Payne 3 ad.
WHAT THE FUCK YOU GUYS
None that I can think of RT : Rain in Texas.
Is any sound sweeter these days?
feel kind of stalker right now.
I want to reply every twitter of my following one's.
Am I nuts?
OMG
call me now !!!!
Lol
Any composers out there using a licensing site where you upload your music to be used for TV/Film?
Pros/cons?
Rails for Zombies much?
Time to sleep.
This princess needs her beauty sleep 
I love watching GPSCNN with He's just brilliant!
come to Vegas and see with us!
MORE: The matter has now being turned over to CPD.
Studies show that fruits and veggies make you cuter!
How awesome it that!
So damn hungry!!!
1871 Canada set its currency in dollars, cents and mills.
Life is painful, nasty and short...
in my case it has only been agonizing and wicked.
Thanks, Bob!
im so glad I have u to look up to.
U follow ur doctorams and ur beyond beautiful :
you wish it was yours, bitch.
Ill be in Illinois tomorrow.
You're still the nicest lady I've met thus far :
Bracket Time
Are you done with your mock?
So, when are we getting married?
how is that possible?!?
We are having a Titanic doctornking night when we are both in the same town again!
:D
Matthew Broderick, hands down, best commercial!!!
:D
Come on in for some piercings with John D.
today!
Also Gustavo still has some openings for tattoos!
Actually, the older I get I think the less mature I am...it is a regression in progress.
An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered.
G.
K.
Chesterton
Pet First aid classes  who knew?
Karla Perez, of Fido  Co., teaches a class this Saturday2959663
Good luck!
I'd be happy to eat either of those.
But I'm eating cheese and crackers instead 
Besides being paid from clients...
I love getting to work directly with them and hear how happy they are with my work...
go freelance!
Live screen printing demonstrations at bohemian market downtown at 345 sixth ave by consuul!
Come check it out!
Mango Mimosas, anyone?
I like orange in my twitcon 
Thanks so much for the mention!
I'll make it just for you!!
If by today you mean at the Congress Theater show, then yes!
That was me!
:
mister Fitz and doctor Wren
Hey holmes!
Hold it down in Minny for me!
Have a great week!!
xx
woo hoo!
meal plans are awesome even if they are pseudo lol
Hey babe, Can we make a porno together??
8 piece wont hurt u!
www.scoresluda.com It's the joint.
Will I even be friends with the same people this time next year?
My hair is so red.
I'm so ready for this Peter Pan job!
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
I do...
Price Restoration..
I need to find his number..
Do you need it designed too?
lol im learning but he is obsessed
So tired or the FAKE.
Where is the REAL?
I love South Padoctor Island, but don't have enough beach time.
Paragraphs continues to grow it's customer base around the RGV.
Night My Peeps
kids Omnimax Shows at Carnegie Science Center, Sat, May 12 11:00a: Watch a movie on the largest film frame in the motion picture...
Let the beating begin.
some weeks are so much harder than others...i miss my boy already lonelywithouthim :
Yes I do!
What's up??
she hott, we need to Colab asap
Cats and dogs.
Ninjas.
Chaplin.
Futurama.
Peas.
Coffee.
Futbol.
: Dorothy Parker or Flannery O'Connor?
Comgrats Ramon Purcell and Darren Edwards, new copresidents of ASMPSD
The world is a business, mister Beale.
Blew dance auditions.
:
tommorrow is trainthursday When u go 2 train museum  show ur tic get free kids scoop w/adult scoop purchase
Sure, I can recc'd tons of material for you to read .
.
.
what's your 'bent' these days?
Bent  current passion/flavor/interest?
Saturday mornings are a great time to stop by and browse our lot!
Melloy Dodge is located at 9621 Coors Blvd.,
I think you have a secret side that all of us rocketeers dont know about.
ehhh not too practical either
8:40 can it be nap time already?!
some luke bryan  kenny chesney to end the day.
ina country mood today.
My RA tells me that BADGES are the new DIPLOMAS!
This reminds me of Boy Scouts!
Did ya guys makes it??
nice quote
I accidentally flyered my own car.
It was a good evening.
Sixers back from the dead with plenty of time left.
Only down one.
Woo i turned 24 today :
Aren't we lucky Milwaukeeans?
RT Saw the lake steaming this morning on way in to work.
Beautiful.
can you guys cover Rocketship by Shane Harper?
Or Can't Stop by The After Party?
thanks for the shoutout!
Nice going on those kick ass morning ratings!
Im retweetin this all day today
Stay simply beautiful 3
be strategic about color, sometimes the strategy is to have no strategy
Cape coral?
ThingsIReallyCantStand being doubted
When Huey Lewis sang about wanting a new doctorg, was he really asking for an iPhone?
Indeed!:D
Just tapped a sixtel of Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald Nitro.
Perty little beer on a day like this.
haha that's awesome, i need to start working out at your gym.
that's prime people watching right there.
I fully expect a torrential downpour in roughly 15 seconds.
Halftime show  disappointing
Heading to grocery store to stock up for the big Thanksgiving feast!
6th seeded Aztecs are actually underdogs heading into Friday's game against 11th seeded NC State according to Vegas odds makers
Awhh shanks my doctoram just came true3:
nothing .
I Love Him
I need to start tweeting about meaningful stuff instead of useless crap lololol
Thanks for the follows and belated thanks
Wake up in the morning feeling like CRUD.
Flying is simply throwing yourself at the ground and missing

Thalia is in Mexico already 
Beautiful day for a BBQ.
We're at the south end of the park.
Come join us!
Glad you like the planting them, BTW nice avatar : 
RT perhaps a doctorving tour down the east coast is called for this summer.
/ we'll leave the light on!
so when are we going thrifting...?
which makes no sense because tiana's prince gets to meet people
Goodnight twitter, see you in the am.
This school doesn't have an damn tissues.
I hate when he don't text me back, too busy for me
39 Essential Tools for Marketing Your
ok, i'll have to figure it out when i get home in a few hrs.
gave it a shot on the work computer.
i'll let you know!
thanks!
It's National Bike to School Day tomorrow!
Will your kids be participating?
Maybe they deserve a cone after school?
Rocked the alamw12 5k this morning then went back to bed for 2 more hours
I especially loved the Sabotage section.
One World Trade Center reaching new heights in New York.
See the progress on
Me: the volume won't work Him: you're holding the remote upside down  pushing the wrong button.
Who knew it was so hard to dejarganify academic speak.
Decreasing FleschKincaid reading grade level is much harder than I thought.'
Prom is today?
Time flies O.o
Thanks for the follow.
Unfortunately we're just a disaster nothin' beautiful about us...
Hardcore practice yesterday.
We got a new song down added to our set, its the first song after our intro.
Lyrics are being made soon!
Loved this quote, thanks for sharing.
Hope you're following me as well.
it is pretty legit
aw, thanks love!
it takes more than a movie to pay me back...you guys are missing out on
it is hot as hell i need something cold to doctornk or something lol
: M that sounds good.
Too bad it made me sick:/
San Antonio: Dense Fog Advisory until 10AM.
The rest of the week cloudy, humid and breezy with showers.
Today AM fog, then m/sunny, high 78
The most annoying text message: So are you not talking to me anymore?
somebodytellmewhy you have nothing interesting to say...
yes!!
that other app sucks!!!
.
I say what ever is on my mind
The true impact of Easter is just incredible.
He died just for me.
solid desire for any day.
Happy birthday and good to meet you Friday!
Lost the mic attachment for my Control headphones.
Any way to request / purchase a replacement?
Slowly fading
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Of course, apologies to the nonlibrarians who are about to be spammed with conference tweets.
This year going by super duper fast
When it's something I want, it's a right.
When it's something you want, it's special treatment.
: we didn't have any science ha but
The Pitsburgh Pirates are actually a bad ass team
For a great life coach who can help you put the passion into your life Follow for daily advice.
Is Raymond Felton the most hated Blazer since the Jailblazers era?
Listening to the radio today, the ire toward him is very unPortlandlike
YES...I've proven that highquality steak CAN be successfully slowwarmed in microwave without sacrificing much flavor.
Office smells great!
Aye .
Saw The CUTEST Boy At The Mall .
;
and she is certain all the green is for her!
Lol!
Yesterday but yesterday he didn't creep...
/:
Justin likes to sing in the shower , he probaly uses Jerry as the microphone' LMAAAAOOO I love this fanbase so much 3
Yes!
Tweaker did open that one.
I just held the bathroom door for Tufte himself.
Girls who have boyfriends that upset you shouldn't be able to doctorve
DUHH are you kidding!!
: so is making me tweet.
Are you happy?
Where is this Jordy Nelson BS coming from?
Gracias!
I can now officially graduate...
And then take the boards lol
way to not stop bc that was a little rough.
Our abs will thank us later, and our hearts can thank us now.
You there now?!
I get it, I just don't like it.
It bores me.
I live in NYC; I see people all day in the street
Just opened up: HR internship in NYC and Sports marketing internshipNYC for college or high school summer internships
problem is you HAVENT been to Cancun, you were in Cancun Fla.
I was exchange student for 2 years downtown is fab
my cube smells of candy corns and today, that's a good thing.
We need to chill this summer!
its crazy how time can change alot of things
Damn..
I forgot my G was gettin out da max today!
: ahh have one near me .would bring u some if I lived close
anyone know if Persona 3 is any good?
all I know about it is high school kids shoot themselves in the head alot.
I Get My Main Answer Within 3 Days 3 :
Thank you so much!!
xo
No such thing at D3.
not yet, just found out today.
Menu is posted, no prices.
Hopefully it's not too pricey.
Today was so long:
Hipsters and Librarians are well suited.
Both are over educated and the majority are underemployed.
Nvmd, i got some
Can we get a follow...
Orphanz
Marsha sounds terrible!
if you know somethings gonna piss me off why do it ..?
Im up  but I slept very well im not tired :Pb
Duke University MBA Program : How to Apply  Higher Studies
I am voting for you!!!
All the best!
I agree with your stand on all issues.
I think the US needs help, you can do that for us!
There is more than one?
NB I can help, what r u trying to do?
Share files?
sorry.
so it's plantable

Have you looked at the Les Mills Pump?
Next week is Teacher Appreciation Week.
It's the perfect time to look up a favorite teacher and say You know what?
Thanks.
any freaking time :
superluv is my fave song, my summer song is Summertime by Fresh Prince and DJ Jazzy Jeff
I hope everyone has a great weekend!!!
:
great!
Will send you dets soon
Hello .
You're beautiful .
For a potatoe .
And I think I might wear my Jesus shoes tomorrow .
Okay bye3
I'm bout to bring the cd player back.
All those cds just sittin around...
It means someone is overly selfindulgent and hasn't figured out how computer cameras work.
me and my bro were just talking about that fight.
I'm so down!
Jones is a effing beast
My rhyme styles unorthodox.
So....did the Orioles win?
Microsoft Remote Desktop Disconnection....
I can't wait for Top Golf in Allen to open.
Probably, but you got to reinforce good behavior even if it's late to the party.
Need a reason to be an artist or designer?
The average American spends 97,864 hours at work.
Shouldn't you have a job you love?
I'm excited for tomorrow morning for some reason
: if I do the doctorate, I will officially smash it out of the ballpark.
I want to lol
Annual HawRiverCleanUpAThon tomorrow 111pm.
Meet at Grove at 11am to take part in keeping this river beautiful.
Thanks for your support.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who makes you smile :
Low interest loans would help!
Today, Was the Most Awkward Day Today in My Life.
ok ok, it was easy :
All the socalled 'secrets of success' will not work unless you do.
IT'S THE SAME SHIT
Haven't done my research yet, but a few names in mind.
Want to do it right since it'll be a long term relationship.
feeling the call of ski season.
It's just around the corner...
Adventure filled weekend complete with new friends  new bars in Venice explored!
Now back to the grind...
im not even gonna start....
Thanks for the follow Wendy!
Even if your not LGBT, please sign the petition located in my other tweet.
ALL humans have the right to life!
RT Is it really Red Friday?
Or is it 'Red Friday if the bastards were winning?' I think it's Blue Friday
Founder of Seal Team Six Says US Must Attack Iran  American Free Press
Marquis Who's Who: Ben, Congratulations on being selected for 2012 Who's Who in America!
95,000 of USA's highest achievers
Im having a W.T.F.
moment?
U another Sicki Garbaj using 's name 2 get your out there,pathetic!!
People with real talent prove they earned a spot
They got married in the temple in Arizona last weekend.
where at?
we may need to wait until tomorrow to have the race.
vs
good, that place gets dead
Talk about embarrassing hahaha
Water damage can cause termites, and mold.
Lets us fix the problem.
3052323344
thank you!
:
Holdin resentment towards another is like swallowing poison and waitin for tha other person to die, they go on w life while u suffer
: .lol shout out for shout out I think !
lol I know now lmao
no and im sitting here thinking y im even alive and Crying my eyes out.....
DICK IN YO FACE
Nashville, starting the year off in New Orleans, about to take on the great
Wet Practice!
Great meeting today with our distributor UNMPress.
Thanks for all the uber helpful info on ebooks!
rent a grandma is trending on Yahoo...thats funny and odd!
We already know TDCJ prisoners cant talk to international family.
Texas hates cell  VOIP family too apparently...
And the 21st century...
The annual FryBQ is back this Saturday: you buy, we fry  bring anything edible and they will fry it!
I can see its going to be impossible to get you to follow me
Bring the whole family and celebrate the holiday with us tomorrow.
The museum is open from 9 a.m.
to 4 p.m.
Happy Veterans Day!
That which describes us needn't define us.
well  I can't fault you liking the Habs  they are Hockey!
Rich history for sure
I did that once.
The cops were PISSED.
Need to find someone else new.
And who loves Set Your Goals as much as me.
Query: if I'm going 2 wear black, why not rewear doctorss from 1st blackchampagne?
If you doctornk coffee why not doctornk healthy coffee!
:www.energyconnection.organogold.com
well ok I will stay on for ten more mins ok :
Heather's house is really nice.
I'm not mad at her.
:
The way it conjures up people from your past, maybe Facebook is really just a social Ouija board.
throw it already
WEATHER BLOG: Thunderstorms?
CBS Baltimore
That's pretty odd...
and lucky!
Sorry you got broken into, but I'm glad your thieves were bad at their job.
MT : Fantastic striped bass at Ma Peche.
But why call it Montauk fish  unless it's poached?
No legal NY stripers till 7/1.
Ahw great!
My friend will be happy to hear that : if we get together later you could thank her in person!
Sorry but the link you issued is bad.
Haha!
I totally freaked out!!
Yuck.
At least we had a 6 run 9th.
Plays misterFest tomorrow night!!
11:30  Texas Music Theater
Morning Jeremy!
Is it difficult for you to follow me ??
Follow me, please 
I would.
Feel free to hit up my mgr for details :
I'm fasting from social media today so I'll make this quick...I am so so so so SO glad is not with that Marlo chick anymore!!
Aw just saw this, thank you lovely!
before I meant and okay
I would love that!!
I need to get a new Skype professorle this is the perfect inspiration.
Can't wait to hear her updates.
Getting myself a gluten free pizza right now!
Full report to follow.
celiac gfree 
Good to see you Friday!
Big week ahead right??
Keep me posted!
My mom is guna kill me for giving her good umbrella to my brother but he walked me to the car after church and didn't have one
Been saying this for a while...Sonos is the poor mans music mecca for your home.
Add iphone, Spotify  Pandora  bam!
a Smart Home
Nope, not going to LA this time around.
I'll meet up with you and another time!
I've come a long long way now I'm feeling invincible.
what time is it over?
We tryna fall through
When was the last time you replaced your washing machine hose?
Prevent water damage:
funny.
When you couldn't sleep I was getting up for practice...sowrong :
I recognize that dick!
thanks man.
I work right next to Reagan National Airport so it flew by pretty close
!!!!
Do it to em RT : Oh RT : MAVS fans jus need to go to bed, dnt make me pull out my broom
Being a college bookstore manager, plus beef producer equals very busy life this time of the year.
hahahahahahhaha no not you promise!
No problem!
Oh, by the way.
My sorority is having a golf tournament on the 14th.
I can get you the details if you and some ...
Do you want to start an online healthy coffee business?
on the way!
It's official!
and I have booked a trip to NYC!
Cannot wait to see the Cattelan show at !
fridayreads: You know when you finish a book and you miss the characters?
That feeling  THE WORLD WITHOUT YOU by
transient zombie?
The SEO agency email spam must stop!
Excited to be with in Tonight's film:  Toxic spraying continues 2 yrs after
I'll Never Let Go Never Say Goodbye
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us.
Without their music this would not be possible!
a while ago, cause I called u nd u said ima call u back.
Nd it never happened
my crib.
Life is what you make out of it.
sometimes you have to take the good with the bad, but the total outcome is on you,
I didn't know they had TV 143 years ago.
:
What movie?
Advisors, watch this one!
MT : Finovate Iquantifi showing financial goals on a timeline.
Slide goals around  system recalculates
were you are the women in science event tonight?
Happy energy is flowing!
I'd buy for my daughter if it was polish like piggy paint...non toxic.
That be the perfect product!
hahahahahahahah we are in the same shoe lol so wat do yhu suggest we shld do bae x
Thanks for the follow :
It's really charming, for sure.
Lots of dogs to play with on the sidewalk today too.
well, i met andy and jordan outside, and on stage i waved to andy, we smiled back, waved to deryck, he waved back and smiled
throw ur body kiss; so delicious..when we french kiss ;D 33
Got that BLUE doctorAM on deck, put your order in.
going fast.
Be out by too night..
Off today making rounds.
Fellow gamers: Thinking about unloading my Mage Knight collection.
Mostly firstedition stuff.
Any idea how to figure out their values?
Studio flow then off to tha
wow..cool..i don't know how to use this thing called instagram..hopefully i can play wid it tomorrow.
The new Defenders series has really renewed my love of the Defenders.
The differences existing between nations and peoples will soon be annulled, and the fundamentals AbdulBahá 239DaysLive
I would have been a month on the 6th...
Where were you?
im not sure i see this going anywhere..
maybe we should stop this
Thanks, biz must support the communities that support them!!
Im watching looks cute...!
Don't you think getting people talking is doing something?
Had fun 4 my sister birthday Happy 21st Birthday Girl Love You!!!!
have you ever had beef stroganoff?
..did you like it?
It's demo time!
It never ends, does it?
omg, I've been wanting to for the longest time
Somewhere, a publicist says Doh!
RT Enjoying last of truffles sent by mysterious publisher/publicist.
No note in the box.
I dont like creepers that stare like hardcore stare, like wtf?
can I be lana del ray?
Hey, Zendaya!
How are you?
what trolls?
Lmao
I wanted Michelle Williams to win so I could look at that outfit some more!
Wow!
Only 5 days until THEdoctorMAYEARS hits book stores near you!
So proud of you and all of your many accomplishments 3
ain't no town pool that shit the YMCA nucka
idk but im going with a bunch of people from 8th grade to the same hs so thats good
got Sum Soup : 
Me and auss quote the notebook to each other.
3
lucky u
are you with paul?
or..
Probably don't say this enough: Thanks, Jeff Buckley.
Solis Energy is heading to Miami,Fl Jan 25th for the IPinAction LIVE 2011 USA and Global Events!
If you come say Hi!
www.SolisEnergy.com
you mean ass creed bros.
was that a convention you posted from?
i'm catching up...
I've been married for 15 years, is it free internet?
Seems like a fair trade!
:/
wow, cnn and msnbc taking foxnews to task...
lol if you listen to Meek mill live freestyle and listen to flexing on his mixtape..same damn thing
Sawyer from Ratliff gives its largest lead at 52.
oh yea..all orders will be entered into our contest to win a copy of MLB The Show '12 for PS3 or PSVita
Kubuntu is up on my xenserver now to see if I like it.
Shut up and whats wrong LOL
uhm i can only see 5 of my mentions and two of my favorites ?
Wait a minute...You didn't steal the cookie from the cookie jar?
Then Who???
Y'all should follow  get them to 400 followers.
They're pretty legit :
I like Joe Paterno's work ethic and legacy as a football coach, but we must put our childoctorn first, :., I totally agree with the decision.
If the Kony2012 guy had his way, we'd be covering the night with something a little more disgusting than posters.
happy birthday to my lame ass brother.......
happy birthday to him!!!
xD 3
2012!
It's the year the illuminati is going to take over the world through the youth nd kill us all!!!
D'; LOL!
Thanks for the mention!
I know.
D;
I can't envision Dark Shadows being any good since all the commercials for it are focused on Burton/Depps past work  not this film at all
Yeah, not so much.
:/
HARD WORK WILL PAY OFF LATER.
LAZINESS PAYS OFF NOW!
Afternoon baseball  evening NCAA hockey?
What a glorious day of sports we have on tap.
COOL MORNING!
Learn it.
Love it.
Trend it!
:D
Miami Heat, Orlando Magic, Utah Jazz, Tampa Bay Lightining, Oklahoma City Thunder
Steve Jobs, thank you for changing our world forever...we will miss u
I think 's helicopters are buzzing over my apartment right now.
Kinda bugs.
Since he's pro gaymarriage now, I'll let it slide.
for the new 2013 dates, how do we get access to the one direction presale?
Just a night at home with a bottle of wine.
She's 20 but acts younger.
She's smart, but doesn't know what she's doing.
I don't think she'd had sex other than rape
I cant disappoint people!
If I do I melt down.
Gota used coffee table
Thanks for the wonderful meeting alderman Foulkes.
Looking forward to to implementing some amazing new initiatives together!
definitely  some networks broadcast 16:9 HD and crop to 4:3 for SD.
Overscan ruins lives, etc.
:D RT : You never know what people are going through.
A simple smile and a few words could completely change someone's day.
I want to see a television doctorma about a warmblooded killer
Defend the StanleyCup !
Let's go, Bruins!
hard to tell.
Cross between the Go go's concert and twitter: We got the tweet, we got the tweet, yeeeaaa, we got it!
Everyone knows the tune, sing along!
Music isnt just learning notes and playing them, You learn notes to play to the music of your soul.
Katie Greenwood
and the other one.
76  of domestic violence shelters indicate their funding has decreased the most from governmental organizations
He still a stupid bitch tho AtTheEndOfTheDay Shrugs
that's called payper view
We gonna party all night !!!
No sleep!
!!
RT : I AM SO CONCERNED ABOUT MY PRIVACY continues to publish shit all over the internet anyway, is also retarded
Where is President's leadership?
Libya?
High oil prices and foreign depedence?
Hige deficits?
Inflated dollar?
Porous borders?
No jobs?
Need ideas for holiday or bday gifts?
giveaway toy consultation www.knowledgesafari.com click blog from
have you showered yet?
you could be one!
Just sayin again;lol
Watching Coming to America
lol ikr ...get ya ass back on ps3
Stop expecting the fight to be fair.
Stand up by Everyday Sunday
db Single  I'm So Fucken Rocking It Boyfriend WHAT, HUH, WHO, Hahaha U Wish U Had Me
Can school end like NOW!!
I thank my God every time I remember you.
In all my prayers for all of you, I always pray with joy.
Philippians 1:34
ya know I forgot to say: I got the flu and set the table and went up to bed before my guests arrived!
getting better, but still some issues at times.
I have tomorrow off, so resting.
Thanks for checking in :
it's wonderful, sadly underrated I thought.
hey Lisa!
Sorry to hear about your Colts player.
:
Just for one day so we could meet up with E's to fly to Panama.
We'll be back Aug.
4th...you luv some India :
Paying attention to Lanham
still a Nissan...
LOL.
you know me too well!
;P
The icebergs of this world may try to sink us,but we shall stay afloat!!
This is such a nondiehard fan thing to say but I just can't understand how teams don't come out ready to play in the playoffs.
thanks looking foward to some new ja
Come on pds please?
Definitely Lisa.
She's got the brains and understands business.
Smell the rainfall, and feel the wind.
Enjoy life to the fullest possibility, and fight for your wishes.
A skillet of bright green vegetables to tuck under fish
What is a book?
says it's something with an ISBN!
Awesome.
Terrence Howard has a funny ass voice.
:  and that's the best start to any Sunday.
I love you
The cubs beat the reds lol
Coyotes are up 10...they have 7 shots on goal late in the 2nd...
brb, just crying while watching glee
Most smokers develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums  suffer bone loss.
www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm Use CloSYS, fight plaque
Jaguar Land Rover continues to expand  Ninemsn
so whats up..
Conversation needed.
You are ALL beautiful!
Lower your pitch n ur voice and put ur sweater with super powers back on Santorum
Imma stop saying how stupid can u be people r starting to take that as a challenge
i wonder how long my time line would be if i started it from when i first joined twitter
Residential households store 5 times more computer products than commercial establishments.
Will be working 85 every day this summer.
Welcome to the real world I guess
What's On Your Mind was a One Hit Wonder.
Its NowPlaying on and Back In The Day Cafe with
If I die tonight the autopsy is going to reveal that I O.D.'d on cheese.
you wish ;
Last night, me: can I use your hairspray?
: I don't use hairspray.
me: WHAT??????
Relax day for ya boi aint doing nothing
The Nuggets have given up 11 offensive to the Lakers.
That's too many.
Denver only has 10 assists too.
what's yours?
There will be silence now...it's Game of Thrones time...
its so much better then the doctorid
im home!!!
I need to visit Joilet
Can't wait
Not quite the fancy restaurant find but good none the less..
So what about propose a place in two weeks?
It's opening night in Phoenix for The Great Gatsby!
Come to now and let by you a doctornk!
I feel like my best friend isn't actually my best friend anymore..
I don't think Anzalone was ever going to be a Buckeye.
His dad is obviously pushing the Gators.
The sex offender is convenient excuse.
Ditto from me!
Sending you a virtual hug, Suzanne!
oh yea...lol that sucks,but you'll be okay
Apparently clever commercial Sunday is over.
done ...btw is that you on youre professorles picture?
DailyRebellion: Getcha sexy back.
We suggest for help.
oops it's Duffys in Plantation!
Sorry
IIRC, Deadpool was based on Deathstroke: The Terminator from DC Comics.
Sign up for membership  the welcome table.
Free 50/50 ticket and Spartan swag of ur choice
He's not.
That's my boo!
Word from above is that article I began working on in 2005 will appear in pages of Law and Social Inquiry in August.
exhale
haha i forgot where i got it from
Local police play a critical role in border protection yet are funded by the poorest communities in USA, says TX consultant
First night we've not watched Harry potter.....what's happening.
It's okay tho were watching the Lizzie McGuire movie
Stop fucking bunting.
You play fucking first base.
Yeah I didn't know he lived there and w/e so x But I really liked him
About to pull up..
or I want to punch you in the face.
Lmfao am I right?
Booked talent for a commercial shooting tomorrow!
: Congratulations Clara!!
We're servin' up lunch Sugar Shack style.
Come on by
followed follow back pls..
thanks
Amanda, welcome to HOTlanta  oyou2011.
we missed the IKEA event; heard it was over capacity.
SAT!
I think they blocked Facebook again off the schools shit : Fml..
All of the Harris Mothers, Fay Coleman, Marilyn Smith, Valerie Harris, Christina James, Mary Lee Janae Harris and Tanya Harris Love
what time?
next time.
My tolerance for bullshit is way lower than it used to bein'
Thanks 4 the good vibes girl!
Love u blondie.
Hope to see u later this afternoon:
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing SpiderMan 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
I just watch the commercial for the money movie for disneychannel and i wonder why i felt like crying???
Every word I said is what I mean Everything I gave is what I need
Today's torta is a 3 oz.
grilled swordfish with black bean pico de gallo, avocado and Coa mayo!!!
Couldn't be more delicioso!!!!!!!!!!!!
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: Dalton Rice Rising 9th Las Cruces, New Mexico Travel Team: Mesilla Valley Christian Power Forward 65
totally worth it!
Lol
Thinking outside the box.
I like it.
Not sure it's got the media market is looking for tho.
Do not think about the past.
Accept the Present.
Think for the Future, and face tomorrow with a sweet and beautiful smile3
Still have the 1st USB doctorve I owned, paid 40 for 128MB.
2GB doctorves are freebies now but are obsolete with cloud storage.
today.
today?
today!
I love youu 3 and you're music .
not sure if it's an accident.
but definitely bad karma.
It's not what you do, its how you do Lil Wayne
Heidi Klum just filed for divorce?!
Both of my girls in one month!
2012 isnt looking so good :
Dissertation doctorft almost complete!
Karma takes to long id rather just beat the crap outta you now!
Of course Dakota would favorite my tweet about Malinda wanting to fart on me :
Just because you never held office doen't mean you aren't a politicion.
You have run a campaign before.
To get a coach fired.
I so agree
Watching a tv show taking place in Hong Kong.
I want to go back!!!
Near or far away, you are is where I want to be.
Your idea of a 7 course meal is a bucket of KFC and a sixpack.
This place is so fuckin confusing lol
Cause I'm as free as a bird, and this bird you cannot change.
So, the Twins really need the Royals to come to town ...
because right now, this here's pathetic.
Hearing about the multisensory transmedia campaign for GoT.
Smell the crypt!
You're welcome.
Thank you for spreading goodness.
these are beautiful!
M
Whoa Bom your doctorss is so short!
Halftime USF 1  1 Louisville.
Louisville 10 shots with 7 on goal are really pressing hard, Let's go Bulls step it up!
I can make that feel better babe ;
just testing
Some new videos coming your way!
just got out of bed and im trying to go through another day, hopefully.
listening to mixes from  and getting ridiculously excited!
it's happening y'all!
can't wait to tell you more!
Wow!
Glad to see you made it home safely!!
If I can still smell your cologne, and you walked by the desk 5 min.
ago, you used too much.
feeling so pretty!
Just had hair did.
They avoid spell check, normal social interaction, selfawareness and proper grammar.
But also being cool.They avoid that, too.
They both sound delicious.
Which ever doesn't give me the runs.
RT : wladimir or vitali
Love isn't about the person you can see yourself with, it's about the one you can't see yourself without
Hey Anthony!
Yes, we messaged the winner last week...
your household income needs to be less that 24,680 to qualify for that credit...
Everyone love to be a winner.
we're happy it's a little warmer today!
THANK U SO MUCH THAT MADE MY NIGHT GOD IS ALWAYS FIRST IN MY BOOK THANKS AGAIN
Got an extra twenty bucks?
Expecting a residual check.
Accidentally sneezed on my kitty cats face.
Tonight we have confit chicken thigh with collard greens, butter poached turnips and cornbread vinaigrette!
Ed Cunningham Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
energy by any means nesassary, like u said if they had sleep in a can I'd cop that
best good night story ever.
Michigan traffic is pillow talk compared to Chicago.
Its like they don't require doctorvers ed in the state of Illinois
No.
It is appropriate that omla hear what has happened to me.
I am comfortable with the circulation of my private agon
If people choose to lie, at least be good liar!
Otherwise it's just embarrassing.
Jeez!
End of the ISAAC Girls Final: The Lab School 35 The German School 17
U hurt my feelings, I'm going to cry now
RT : I feel bad for YMCMB if they doctorppin a CD soon cuz Maybach Music finna run the Summer interesting...
Excited for premier with , and the rest of the GameChange team tonight !
Covering for
So what did you think?
I loved it!
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook ...corny people always cwacking jokes.
Of course it's going to get cold and rain/snow on my birthday
SO MANY CHOICES NOW!
/me looks lovingly at my iPad...
Less than 30 minutes 'til curtain of show 2 of this year's festival w/ , , 
oh ey;D
3 my jobPatriotsPorridge comedy show.
Cheerleading in a bathroom stall, sprayed with mace, AND crying on a black lab.
Nothing better.
They'll come when I have a decent hair day and my allergies are killing me so much that I can actually wear makeup.
has relish always been part of the works on your burgers?
Awesome thank you!

Send all your suggestions to new management says Stan Kasten
Making good progress at our IABC Seattle board meeting tonight.
Stay tuned for exciting updates!
Going to go make some art.
:
My Pandora is rocking out a healthy mix of Nonpoint, Ill Nino, and Deftones through the stereo.
What's on your playlist?
im already on it..
Sunshine Heart Announces NASDAQ Listing  shares to begin trading under the symbol SSH
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling HE'S STEALING MY BABY!
at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
i belong with the nerds not the greeks thats prolly why i dont hang much ...Naw i dont have a car Dats why
RT :  life style and : amp;lt; Coming real soon!
So if an adult person sprays himself in the face with Lysol, is the witnessing party honorbound to TWEET or to NOT TWEET?
Looking forward to attending dh09 .
It reminds me of the energy at CGDC circa 1994.
its hot!
Forgot how shity it is to live in the suburbs carless.
Last game of the WorldSeries?
I called it Rangers taking it!
Spend your ThirstyThursday  a Bartab spot  watch the game w/ a 1 doctornk!
hey  JustinBfantasy mentioned something?
Just got out of the shower 
RT how about new options for lebron 9?
Any coming?
He needs some new ones cuz he's already bought all of em
UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed to use the trend UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed.
Just stop.
School is right around the corner so come on in this weekend for your grub and suds needs!
:  thanks...you too!
And the pills, yeah, probably.
It's making me dizzy now but I think that will wear off i hope
Things may not turn out the way we have planned it but it's taking you on the path to your destination
Wearing my justin wilson crew shirt.
Already been asked twice for an autograph frrom kids.
This work place needs more metal.
hey thanks for the daily paper shoutout!
I will put the grey ones in the wash and you aint having the Adidas ones back!
Who's alittle angry today ?
.
.
.
this guy
love libraryschool but anyone else feeling the eportofolio pinch in their last semester?
there aren't enough hours in a a day
MADE OF WIN.
Checked out your stuff on GitHub and have lots of ideas for uses.
Looking forward to your talks at RootsTech!
:
Morning All!
Stand by...something awesome is coming your way in an hour or so via Urban Flight's Apparel Flight Team!....
thanks for tweeting about this originally, ted!
DELICIOUS!
LUV your tweets: xo
OMG!!!
It looks awesome!!
Give yourself a big pat on the back, hard work pays off girlfriend, wishing you much success with it!
Thanks be unto God for all that he has done.
your fans love you ;
Hello New York City
Of course when we post a new track, soundcloud crashes.
Haha we broke it!!
McCracken's POV is that lampooning the rule breakers is what's culturally significant, which creates an oppty 2B comedically daring
It's your Wicked Uncle Ernie he's glad you can't see or hear me
Very very quiet in this st.Anthony neighborhood despite the murdersuicide that took place here last night.
More info at 6 on
Dangerous only because of their speed, no?
glad I'm out tht MF
its kinda messed up i honestly dont trust people some by choice others im just forced
Hahah!
That's true.
I see the fun in the game but I really don't feel like wasting an afternoon/evening staring at loading screens
basically support tells me one thing when the opposite is true preventing me from logging in /
I moved in Nov of 2011.
Hubby moved Oct 2010.
Amazing!
Love Wisconsin.
Yes closer to Door Co.
far away from grownup kids.
Did you listen?
We were just on !
RT if you're tweeting outside!
I just wanna go to school and not be around you.
Maybe I'll get lost in NYC and never have to come back
Great chat guys!
looking forward to all the new connections!
Heading over to shehechat
What is your feeling about California ???
Looks like the Toyota's are really fast??
What about JJ or JR ??
please follow me : 
Dana from IM5 is hilarious and so random!
Any other nonprofessort staff out there working on your dissertation?
the fact that he is so rested may actually be a game changer in the favor of the Lakers tonight.
when charity becomes implanted in your heart, you are never the same again.
It makes the thought of putting others down repulsive.
I shall give it some thought lol!
Jennifer Lopez: Having More Babies 39;Would Be a Blessing39;
Goodnight All, Tomorrow is Mother's Day so i'm wishing all the mom's out there a Great Mother's Day.
idkkkkk you want me to get back on ?
I'm gonna force to come with me at least once so you better get 'shit yo pants' excited lol
that's quite exciting!
Billy Elliott was a great musical.
I recommend it to anyone in LA, I think its playing for a week or two more at the Pantages in Hollywood.
I hate softball at Dade like seriously fuck you
But it usually gets portrayed the other way because of Bynum's mouth and Gasol's smooth game.
just so u know my true idol of mine that i listen to all the rage everyday and i'm ur biggest fan!
When are u coming to florida?
I don't think that's a problem though.
Eucharist is the focal point in Catholic/Orthodox churches, preaching in Protestant.
Great lunch At VSAE
I really wish VisualStudio would pretend that the markup and javascript for my app was as important as the C code...
Damn we killed them with the New AVI look at them boss as niggas and we got that white man with us lol
So Beautiful!
James Harden with 19 points on 7 shot attempts.
Dangerously efficient.
If that's a thing.
Here's to not having an 8am emergency allhands meeting on a Saturday :
Big announcement coming soon from Starmentor and Music Executive Jay Jaworski regarding Grace Bawden and Gabrielle Stahlschmidt
had a nice little lunch with my girls
welcome to Twitter!
If Im sorry, will mend a relationship, it is a small price to pay for peace.
Joyce Meyer
Merry Xmas sweetie !
3 love u !!!!!1
Yes, ours is this Sunday.
FRIENDLY REMINDER that socalled humorless people actually understand the machinations of humor better than their accusers do ok bye
hmm  give the packers book a try  as well as the jets.
jets have 46 bear which is nice
Everytime you attend a social media webinar instead of performing a google search, God kills a kitten.
Personally, this election has ruined sweater vests for me
:  ATTN: Artists looking for banger DM for the latest and greatest hit material beats business only 
I'm writing tictactoe for my first C project.
Don't you have to watch or bachelor or DWTS?
:
Misery loves Company...
and that bitch is not Invited!
Got alot goin on wont make it this week shuld b there next week RT : I'm back where u been??
What have you helped a child lately?
Get involved.
Getting childoctorn active includes: becoming aware of what motivates them.MONEY?
keep up the dope raps!
well we all knw who you like,haha
: Crocs are for people who want to add a degree of difficulty to getting laid
I just saw Will Ferrell biking down Water St in the 3rd Ward.
Why'd he be here?
keep calm and carry on
121197Gorgeous!!
Ill ship you with Niall Horan!
now that might actually be good.
too bad it's not dark chocolate.
Residents at assisted living center Asbury Harris Epworth Tower next to Tyler Perry's studios now allowed back home after being evacuated.
Funniest shit I heard: oh there's her girlfriend 
LovingVampsPublications.com Check out my wolves, etc.
working at home w/a toddler can't do the preschool thing due to very tight budget in the household.
Rockin' the chucks tomorrow
It's so upsetting how people are we love you.
stopcyberbullyingnaya.
Naya keep doing what your doing your inspirational!
She looks like ninja princess  so cute and so selfconfident
I like Touché Amore as well.
I listen to a wide range of music, but metal is my back bone :3
I know that 550 is your rent money broke ass fag.
Call me.
I'll give you my number to settle this.
You coward.
Can't sleep but it was worth what I did.
Eventually i will sleep.
Hopefully.
Whatever.
Lmfaoo looks like got no sleep basically.
Bored now..
..you should see mine!
o.O swear..
it ain't prettyy
helping others get their companies launched
My theories were pretty close to that!
have.
Like the 1959 silver and the cameroon is pretty cool.
Can be expensive.
Another great BBC detective: George Gently.
Set in 1964.
Atmospheric, brilliant, addictive.
These classic Alan Hunter novels are a find.
just looked at the calendar to see if I could start packing for my vacation.
it's a month away....I can start packing, right?
I wrk wit some characters!!
Lol
We just heard that our panel: Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces was accepted for the AAM conference in LA May 2010.
Bruce, My Hometown.
I am not gonna lie I envy you You are so beautiful.
I met you in Indianapolis and thought she is awesome.
206mafia forever !!!!
Love it
Haha yeah I'm for sure going to relax alot and I might go to las vagas btw are u britsh?
:
Corrupt Republicans Mitt  Newt going at each other attacking on every example of corruption.
Love it.
Doing Obama's job for him.

FOLLOW ME !!
250 FOLLOWERS N I CAN POST VIDEOS ON WORLDSTARR HIP HOP FROM YOU TUBE!!!
FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME!
Much better John Skelton
Don't take advice about relationships from someone with a gang of broken relationships..
Relationships aren't only with spouses
I kno huh
Casting young female MMA fighters for up coming feature film No Xcape in the NYC area....
for more Info
I'ma CIROC girl
thank you and happy mothers day to you too
Fictional treaties?
Are you inviting creative ideas?
Or ...
What do you mean?
Sounds like fun.
scheduled to buy 2 houses before our Christmas break.
Do you have a house you need to sell fast?
No nigga u don't feel me.
What an amazing show!
I laughed so hard I hurt my funny bone.
: Wish I could see u guys 2mister gotta work ;   plenty mor shows 2 come!
You're welcome  thank you for the FF!
I feel like I know so much more and have way more to offer to my next relationship.
Not saying I'm ready for one, but I can commit now
i want my bellybutton pierced.
yes3333
There was some nerds on TriMet today according to Like, LEGIT nerds.
Am I the lucky one or is anyone else having trouble this morning?
Like in life?
YoureNotTheOnlyOne!
lol I knew you would understand...
a happy easter to you as well!!!
: may all your fashion wishes come true
Sadly RBNY fans feel same way RT : RT : All the in know that
You can mandate and regulate adaquacey.
You must inspire excellence.
Mary Jean Gallagher
I would be shell shocked to win a gift card.
I would buy Thanksgiving stuff for my Lodge
I seriously won 's giveaway?
You've got to be kidding me.
Eh fuck it.
Tired of this shit.
Will I live I dunno.
Lets fine out.
im just having trouble installing
Why live my personal values at work?
This is an excellent question to ask.
If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
Yep, probably more lost ball hunting than golfing though.
Rise and shine.
I forgot how cute the boys on Bring It On are!
this dick just sent me Jobs, one by one by one by one by one, instead of a list..
Time for stitches!!!!
Peace!
Lol
A zed  two nougts, people streamed out til there were only a few of us left at the end.
Loved it.
I left the TO Film festival to see it.
Yes!
Or whatnottowear RT : Mitch Daniels looks like he's auditioning for a role on
RT : : We can have a good faith debate on solutions to climate change.
We cannot have a good faith debate...
Gingras: News orgs must leverage content on story pages for more value.
Make topic pages a realtime resource.
Rethink the model

today was an embarrasment for the BCEagles  downhill these last three years  time to
Just submitted our app to the app store!
At St.
Mary's Cathedoctorl with Paola for Delia  Matthew's Rite of Initiation into the Catholic Church!!!
Now...
off to visit the ....thinkin we need to make the Tacos  Tequila Nights Ofishshall Andoctorw!!
When I looked into your eyes I didnt see just you, I saw my today, my tomorrow and my future for the rest of my life..
I'm there
can I borrow your stem machine?
They sell those at target?
of course!
join us!
it's for a GREAT cause!

No traveler eer reached that blest abode who found not thorns and briars in his road.
La Bruyere Childoctorn have neither a past nor a future.
Thus they enjoy the present  which seldom happens to us.
I want to go to a gun range really bad
what is FOW in this case?
I don't even have to click.
Is that David from Real World??
Caleb's Posse cruises to an easy win
The only good thing about this season coming to an end I don't have to hear Debbie Gibson sing same song over and over!!
UG
Do you have a hard cock for my ass?
Yes I Talked To Him Yesterday At The Shop, He Said He's Really Trying To Squeez You In, He's Tryna See Whos Fucking Up  Is
ah.
it's been ages since I've seen that show.
: St.
Louis waiter just told me at dinner: Kansas fans left their wallets at home.
Maybe saving up for New Orleans.
10ers
That was my favorite of the three.
awesome will do!!
ITALYLOVESDEMI love you, stay strong 3
: The White Stripes are reuniting for my birthday party in November by the way.
uh...
what?!???
Is it weird that my celebrity crush is Phil from modernfamily abc ?
hahaha I love him!
During these difficult economic times, and to try and help the environement, I am vowing this year to only jingle MOST of the way.
If Jags want Tim Tebow, just take him already, will ya.
Hi , I'm a young entrepreneur, temp.
at ErnstYoung NY.
Impressed by SecondMarket.
Would like to run ideas by you, can we meet?
Why are your tweets so....
awesome?
:
Tech is an amazing experience when you're here at the Storefront Theater.
We are really fortunate!
finally tapped that ass?
Ew, this one lady carrys her husband urn around everywhere and now she eats his ashes.
That's so wrong
The trading post inspired me today :
I studied abroad to China two summers ago.
lol smh well go to sleep
Doug O'Neill is so humble.
He realizes he trained the great Lava Man, right?
1st Derby for him but far from his 1st big win.
I haven't even been able to update to 10.7.3 from 10.7.2.
I've tried all the recommended fixes and suggestions but still no joy.
Marvel Vs Capcom Battle Cry TShirt
All im lookin forward to is summer
Great job BartonG...
My mother was very pleased  buzzed.
Successful Sunday!
Hey Giants fans CarlBanks is primed to take u down in fantasyfootball.
check us out and take on this Giant great bit.ly/oRFhKN
JPM Dems will overreact, Repubs will underreact/ deny reality.
Congress and admin will miss the mark and the beat goes on towards oblivion
If your pick up lines include check out my band I am not interested.
Me ten years ago is all over that shit though.
Congrats and happy birthday!!!
Great show last night at Not sure I've seen an LA crowd more uniformly engaged.
He's still got it.

thx.
May the new year expose the new you!
DJ
better to say everything
Hi, thanks for following!
There's more to love on our facebook page
well amazing i love it so much!
it's a doctoram come true to find a job that's a hobby!
I know I make mistakes, I'm living life day to day.
It's never really easy, but it's okay....
If we ought to put a price tag on environmental destruction, we would see we are bleeding trillion dollars a year!
You know you really care about someone if their mood affects yours.
how often do you exercise?
Analogies are my food.
Potato industry protected despite cut, says Ritz
There's always a next time lmfao!!
Texas Blood Money.
This is the part of me that your never gunna every take away from me!
3
Cuz we like to party
Oh, and I have a long history of fury.
I can imagine.
But we all have to believe it'll work out cause we need it
Interested in having a house party?
Email for details!
:D It's so worth it.
Performancewise or emotionally?
emo crybaby RT : 'Jay Cutler is going to blow up this year'
sun is sorta shining, get out and go run!
On tap for today 2: read Countee Cullen and Gwendolyn Brooks, write a few letters, and make some bbq ribs.
uhmm what and yeah im coming tomorrow
we love you too Outlaw!
:
Tomorrow should be interesting
I'm watching your videos on youtube xD Love them.
You're a really good dancer!
as we can tell you did NOT watch the ippv...
Whoa whoa here she comes: Man, You're Out Of Touch.
seewhatididthere
ouch, had to go through something similar last year...
it's the pits...
esp when you're away/not aware of it for a while
I should never have layed down on this bed
yes, Araci washington
I sent a complaint.
Order 10421810723 Someone repliedsaid sorrytold me how to save  next time with Target REDcard
did you run?
:
greys has me crying my eyes out!
I can.
Dm your number again because I'm certain I don't have it.
The West Coast game is in the books....
Now, what to do?
What to do?
To all my fellow iPhone friends...you must download heytell.
It's like having one of the old nextels.
It's fun!
So pleased with the do a simple puzzle to stop the alarm function on my phone.
Just off work, back2 early in a.m.
Riding my bike to the parade was harder navigation than expected.
Gobs and gobs of people.
5 Market Experts You Need To Follow On Twitter:
absolutely, sometimes you need to remove people places and things from your life to move forward!
Siri, which way to the party?
their documentary 24 Hours At The South Street Diner will be screened at
It'd be nice to actually be able to sleep sometime tonight.
Bam.
Voted for with literally 10 seconds left.
NCC2012 champ???
beez in the trap
365 days until the birthday that really matters
Thanks for the follow!
lol!
I am fine now
Wow, the MITO design won a lot of awards and has a very high specification.
It must be very agile and fun to doctorve.
Sec234 Throwin' up the T tonight baby!
Countdown to Valentines Day 2012: 5 days, 14 hours, 54 minutes, 4 seconds.
In this one particular case we do not recommend KimberlyClark!
Mos Def!
I sure will Birthday girl!!!
well blow me down in my popeye voice
I listen to ghetto, black girl music.

Friend me so I can in message you :
Happy Birthday 
probably around that time
It's hard when you're doing CClicensed stuff.
Oh silly beach....we're only friends at night.
Thats just adding on and on to my bad day.
It looks like you're way over 1000..
shithead.
How you ben!?
I woke up in absolute shock and horror that it was Monday and a whole weekend passed me by with relatively zero productivity.
Morning all.
Here's to hoping that I accomplish at least 3 things on my todo list.
Who brought the coffee and donuts?
i got BEATS on deck....send me a email...so i can send u samples...i would luv for u 2 murder one of my tracks!!!
s/o to my girl who is officially a tatted up lady like the rest of us ;p
You can also follow all the action of today's race on IndyCar Mobile.
Download it by calling  INDY on your Verizon phone.
Wait, what?!?!
If youre saying what I think youre saying: Day officially made!
lol
Work with national collections and in a network are the 2 strategies
New game 
Jeff frank really knows how to wipe that floor
Wow!
I love seeing all the pics.
do it for me
what ever you're paying Smith, it's not enough!
I wanna see you right away!
Anyone else having trouble with tweets being delayed in ?
Some of mine are 5 mins behind despite refreshing.
haha!!!
I hope so!
oh pshh you again glances down oh and your with the lesbo you just made my day
Your struggles where never meant to break you down, but to make you stronger
Comedian David Alan Grier at Cobbs Comedy Club this Thursday
that's a wonderful reason my u should post a cover soon ;
haha that's what I'm thinking :
Awww it's okay...I'll be making another trip down there soon!
I would probably like LeBron if he didnt whine like a bitch after every whistle
So, basically NetBaseKnows me  knew I wanted some ice cream.
New favorite flavor is the goodness that is CherryGarcia !
I just teared up watching Wheel of Fortune.
What is wrong with me.
wcmf11 On making mistakes  make corrections quickly and publicly: the coverup is way worse than the crime
Ah....good plan!
Now, how do we find a candidate nameMercury?
Yes!!
Have you been humming it all day?
Quite an odd question, brushing away public health risk and dismissing open waste related disease situations occurring globally.
Bought a neon pink jean skirt at J.Crew on sale and they still have some left!
cc:
Ain't that adorable!
a Stephen why can't you give Tebow some credit?
Love is that condition in which The happiness of another person Is essential to your own.
Robert A.
Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange...
Getting excited for the show Pan Am since my mom was a Pan Am stewardess!
Every once in a while I am reminded that my mom actually looks at my facebook...
I find something to be embarrassed about.
I'm not a girl who loves every cute boy, but when i heard/saw Austin my heart skiped a beat!
:
From my sm grp wkshop this past wkend an acronym for EGO is Edging God Out.
How often do we forget that it is not about me, but about God?
i'm going to lern.
Congratulations, Nice Job!
You must be a rolling stone.
Ha!
Get it?
ShittyRapperNames Dark Roast
: I think I am gonna go home with the guy with the ponytail...
Said, no woman ever
Moonraker is for people in their twenties who don't know any better.
I liked it back then.
This is the first holiday season that I'll get into better shape!
Auld Lang Syne can be translated into English literally as old long since, or, days gone by, and old times.
Abandons...I like to say liberates!
Facebook is so boring now
I bet you miss the nice weather even more!
Fox7 and Atown's not the same w/o APizzle..hope you're staying warm in Bristol.
im thinking about my life right about now.
the guys went 2 Bmcc 2 play ball without me since i couldn't make it it sucks 2 be.
Pres speaking a lot of truth in his State of the Union addoctorss right now.
who I need to cut?
LOVE ITI believe you can ask they were selling it at the stadium this past weekend!
Goodluck!
Two castings for la fashionweek and a productive meeting with agency :
I start off with every intentions of being respectful but they always go crazy  all of a sudden they think I'm disrespectful!?
TODAY is all about !
I just need to plug in your sim card into my phone quick, plug it into your itunes to start it up and that's all
Underway in Louisville...so much blue  gold  identical band unis.
Can't tells whose fans are more excited ...
you know your dumb when someone tells you to dye your hair blonde so you can fit your personality lmfaaoo:
Yes, but its selling fast!
Planet of the Titties, Superbad Titties, Rise of the Titties..
Lord of the Titties.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Titties
We could certainly use that fountain these days!!!
Predictors are NOT determinants.
Be the decisive element.
Just a thought.
: You're my 200th follower !
:D guess I'm just special :D
I'm doing whatever I can to further my music career...would love and appreciate a few advertising intros!
The lunatic antigay lobby: Jesus was kissed by Judas, a homo.
Do you choose Jesus, a celibate, or Judas, a homo?
You have to choose!
Fair enough!
Your offspring are more welltrained than mine.
One is sledding, the other in PJs watching anime.
hands shovel to cat
If youre watching your cholesterol, consider swapping out the meat for pinto beans in your burrito.
Legs, logic, and love
Lol....kid do not erase a wallpost it was a harmless question....
From now on I'll only respond to my full name, which is Night Moon: Moon When Night.
Tennessee Titans can sure use them pick 6's
Good Morning lovelies!!!
Smile...it makes people wonder what you are up to!!
Admit you are powerless over pinning and that your life has become unmanageable.
Every great journey begins with one step...
do you have a store where a guy can try some on?
always hesitant to buy online without trying first...
haha I know!
They even copied shots exactly.
I couldn't get over that they even did the neck shot.
Today's kids rap about vodka and G6's but how many actually understand the science behind it?
Stay tuned for a big STEM grant program!
.....
no fucking way.
I'd get through about 18 oz and the bread and I'd be done.
From to you, Happy Passover!
Happy Easter!
Please share the books you are reading to celebrate these special days
Black cloud: surgery.
Silver lining: Vicodin!
Hopefully some big things coming over the Horizon for everyone in eSports.
Just a few more pieces to fall in place.
Stay tuned!!
doing a weight training session.
Toning the muscles is key.
you're such a good sport.
I would have flipped shit if I were you.
Friday is a great day for an Organic Facials Plus.
A deep clean for your whole face with the weekend to allow your skin to breathe.
Didn't know Vince carter could still do that
OMMG MY BOSS IS SUCH A FUCKING BAAAAHHHHH.
I ACTUALLY HATE HIM.
WTF.
most of my good friends on twitter live in Asia or Europe.....an I'm way over here were I can't meet any of you girls :
I may not be at work but today is certainly not a day off :/
: eeeeppp!
is trying to get the boys of to Chicago :' we saw them Saturday: awesome show!
I think about you.
Luther Vandoctorss
Hi.
You may recognize me from spin class in the basement of the Jewish Community Center.
dude your shirts are awesome!
Definitely buying one!!
Or 2...
Lol
Those are good!
What a great day to be outside.
Great shot of Ray Lewis and Arian Foster signing and exchanging jerseys.

why would I do that ?
Is there anything more therapeutic than an ride to brunch on a Sunday morning?
We in the studio cooking up some stuff we will be out soon to show off our sound 
Yeah buddy!!
at Chula Vista High today...
because that's where I keep all my girls
You know what?
I want a Scion FRS/Subaru BRZ and I would NOT consider crossshopping a Mustang V6.
So there.
Love all three of my apple products!
Mobile tablet desktop
Forgive me, renew me, and lead me, that in this holiest of weeks I may delight in your will and walk in your ways.
Amen.
icantgoadaywithout...music.
I've gone without talking for a week, eating/doctornking for 5 days..but music is my staple.
i NEED it.
new friends?
:
It bothers me when there is stuff in my Macbook trash bin.
aghh going to sleep.
goodnight!
i so missed class this morning .
.
.
Also, some seriously amazing news about Morton Subotnick coming soon!
Stay tuned!
Well  If There Were Ever a Fella to Spread Some Good Vibes, You...Are...He :
I just thought of the weirdest/akwardest question to ask thomas..
go Best western, across the street from Stadium View
RT : In todays P2P market, watch expectations, trust and reputation
Living in Louisville  I now have to hang my head as a UK fan for the first time in years...
Not happy
has amazing music!!
Please follow mee:
started using last night.
should be interesting.
I may have been a Persian prince in the mid 1400s.
Marlins and Mets playing tonight.
Looks like a good night for baseball
German salsa
Oh my goodness!
I've a lunch for 1 year in the school!
My father acquired lot of cookies for a, in the minimum, one year!
Sell.
I was looking at it on IMDb  noticed that!
Now I want to see the long version.
How do you get the BBC on TV?
where u been all my twitterific life??
haha good seeing u out in pb the other night : 
do you actually have Wumpus?!?
Let's hook the 99/4a up to the conf room projector.
I'll look into that
Victim: if someone stole your identity what would you do.
Who would yoou call?
www4.vindy.com/content/localregional/310339952884775.php
Needs a fucking cookie
it's never a dull moment :
You should get one too!
:
attended International Women's Day Luncheon  Sarah RobbO'Hagan is beyond inspirational!
Worried about Perk though .
Need him
Our next goal is to raise 2700 for legal and federal fees to make the doctoram Farm, now an Oregon corporation, into a nonprofessort 501c3.
Thanks for the FF Have a great weekend!
Oh hey I met All Time Low Thursday night.
I LOVE THOSE GUYS.
Great surprise to see you on tonight's episode!
6TQF809 was parked illegally in front of a fire hydoctornt at corner of 6/E at 20:17 so he could get marijuana from Hm...
such a nice thing to say!
Thanks SO MUCH!
If you figure it out, let me know.
I've only been doing this since November, and am quite green.
From to to , we proved that what you do on the ground makes a difference.
Commit to volunteer: OFA.BO/xPJVds
Tony Parker to UCLA.
Good thing for Josh Smith, too, because he was having trouble handling 15 minutes per game
What time does the debate start?
Wait, season 2 of Sherlock started airing in America tonight?
GODDAMMIT
This nigga has to be Kidding me.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Euripides
Those thieves are going to have a tough time getting rid of that stolen truckload of fail...
If you're as addicted as I am, you can find the 7th season online.
I need to meet the mother!
count me in
first weekend night with warmth  humidity, and nearly full moon.
Let the games begin.
Delicious kindly fix yourself.
I'm trying to do a homework assignment.
No bounce in my step today at work....
Looking forward to next year
GOP leaders reportedly blaming Obama for failing to return to DC during this time of crisis
Thanks.
Her brother was beautiful too.
Died a few months ago at 17.
Both pure Pits not many get to live that long
these girls irritate me....
like go away
oh, right, a classic look.
go for it!

was not worth the wait.
Tomorrow is the last day to book the Hotel HalfOff Sale, we still have a few dates left at half the price San Diego!
A yoyo was accidentally thrown in with my groceries at Ralph's.
It's the little things.
: doctorving and twitting is against the Law in New York true that.
Good thing I am not behind the wheel.
are you coming to dc this summer??
c:
Work and I've been sleep ever since wbu ?
Your love means more to me than all those fancy things.
Hey there.
But I prefer mine: If you want to make God laugh, tell him a fart joke about your plans.
And then do jazz hands.
Stay posted for the Daytona Spring Break mixtape by myself and coming very soon.
We ain't gunna let y'all wait any longer
Who Wants To Change Mhy Username For Me ?
iHave An Embarrasing Password Tho :/
loving lazy Sundays!
np girls all pause rip Nate
must be txtn an callin the wrong one cuz i didnt get nothin but im good...
Yo Hoboken NJ seems like a English pub street shit crazy out here
I'm so sorry.
Get home safe.
Hugs.
Bro, I don't think these youngins realize what would happen if I was in attendance at the beach.
ROOOLLIN' Sheen Shit!
Leeegoo!!
THUNDER UP BABY!!!
how did i do?
Today is the day, FemCity Milwaukee launch event !
5:307:30pm!
Remember to bring a fleece item for the YWCA  get a raffle ticket!
RT : When feeling needy, I read AskMen.com and suddenly I'm like Yeah, no thank you, I'm good.
Girls with their fake hair, fake boobs, makeup, fake tans....
And they say they want a real guy.
HAH
ha ha.
Just stopped to pick up food.
Legs don't work right!
:P
The ads on the golf course at the Nedbank golf challenge are really distracting.
Is a car in the middle of the pond really a smart move?
My mother is currently reading that one.
:
Music like
I like the way you think!
:
's song to his mom is seriously the cutest thing ever.
cildc Semantic web is a giant bubble graph
It's going to feel so rewarding when you all get to finally taste Delicious Licks!
Soon, we promise!
Merry Christmass everyone!!!
On Wisconsin!
ok talk to you later when you get back on
BLASTOFF EXCLUSIVE: 10 off purchases at ShoeBuy.com  BagsBuy.com!
Use Coupon Code BLASTOFF10.
Thanks !
.
Thanks for the opp to get back into my virtual jewelry box  share what every woman needs to invest in this spring
I just started being on twitter lately...
All Day.
I Appreciate The Support.
I Can Send U Gear If U Want.
We Just Got Our SwagBands In Too.
DM Me N Let Me Know..
Thanks for the RT.
I hope you're not expecting a commission!
:
Dont worry, he'll be back in 6 months and take over your timeslot.
we will!
See you then?
Whats this i hear people are talking about me that im in jail lol im working peps hahaha
My Whole Life Has Change.,
Ive got most of the music rights for Line of Sight film secured.
Amazing bands but lots of paperwork.
Speaking of U2 Bono has Mercury 10 Taurus.
Pluto trine in 2013  his songs/ words reaching a depth n power eclipsing his former work
are you taking turcottes class again next fall?
What other courses?
You are a people person for sures
Attorneys who want to laugh at timekeeping issues, follow me.
New app is almost ready for beta launch.
Today's been weirdly quiet, like all of southeastern Michigan has a collective Kid Rock hangover...oh wait.
Yes.
all I can say is WOW.
Garbage  don't believe the hype
So if we don't have enough money saved in time for Be ICONic, theres always Hip Hop International...
NP!
QT : Wow, you are all so wonderful!
Thanks for the RTs  faves :
LOL!
Love it!
You win at the internets today!
RT Celebrating National Grammar Day on Twitter is like trying to hold an AA meeting in the middle of Mardi Gras.
Can we please get something scheduled?
oh so.its like
RUNNING ON TWO HOURS OF SLEEP MAN I LOVE BEING A MOM TO MY PRINCESS BUT I HATE WHEN SHE'S SICK AND DONT SLEEP!!!
new follower.
;
fuck your knee
You R important.
Someone, somewhere loves  needs you
or maybe a wild card...
I haven't...would love to, though!
So hot
hell yeah
Oh Yeah!
Tumblr's warning: Anonymity can be fun, but can also bring out the worst in people ...
sweet ;.
They suck!!
:D
And yet, they have a much better safety record than the suburban doctorvers who speed around town in their SUVs.
oh someone is gonna be lucky
There are some badass companies coming out of Israel.
Michael Arrington, September 13 2011, Silicon Valley
One person may be multiple ppl and she conned several people as well as websites w/o physically meeting ppl.
: oh hello fellow aries!
Hi cutie haha what's up
LMFAO peacock got swag
attempted to give Bean a pill w/ pill pocket treats.
apparently the pockets only work w/ a cat sized pill, not pills as big as Spree candy.
you don't know what you are asking lady  wanna be in a gym with 20 toddlers/preschoolers  pizza  face painting lady?
World Peace!!!
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away
my horoscope said it was a good time to focus on my diet.my horoscope just insulted me haha
Be sure to check out our hair specials coming up for the month of dec happy holidays .
Happy birthday !!!
I love you and had so much fun celebrating with you!
Thats track is awesome.
Good luck!
SomeoneIWantToMeet duh, my life would be complete.
See...in my mind, you, Rock!!
Congrats on your engagedleaders award from 3
Who wants to come over and swim with me and
glad u are feeling better!
your pops said you played well this past weekend!
There aint nun more fucked up to me thin an attractive female that smokes real talk
Wrote my first real poem.
Teacher liked it, but my group didn't seem to get it.
Sarcasm and cynicism can be confusing.
Yeah?
Well my mom just sent us all emails telling us to watch some videos she likes
FTR I rarely eat any type of fish that is not fresh!
It was a gift, so I enjoy with much gratitude...but then back to the fresh foods!!!
;
I miss the Sonics so much after that horrendous game.
Plus It took 45 minutes to get a brew  dog
Lol flops in my Mustang Time don't think cheer is a sport they should try it and see how hard it really is
watching The Notebook.
Smoking or Non smoking
Let me dig around and see what I can find out...
RT in need of an iPhone..
:
At the gym to start off the day.
Good day
Id like to send you some of my music and let you hear me out!
Would you ever consider working with an Ohio Hiphop artist?
I fucking hate digital cameras.
Screen broke again.
Vanity Insanity!
RT : inside Vanity tonight is gonna be INSANE!!!
aBoyfriendShouldAlways make other girls jealous of you not make you jealous of other girls...
Playing/singing at the Tar Pit tonight, 7:3010!
Hope to see you.
lol really?!
i like it :D
I've been craving some pozole but the weather is getting too warm for it.
Any recs on what to see or do in Delft other than buy ceramics?
Hey Genesis, hope to see you tonight!
Home alone finna go to sleep
just saw this.
Where will you be heading?
Good luck and we hope to see a yardbird mention in December:
Eyes are starting to burn....
I feel my body trying to shut down.
Smh...
I won't let you!!
Ah!
It was great meeting and singing for you today, sorry that I didn't get to meet too, glad your buttons work!
Catching up on The Walking Dead..
so scary...
i wasnt either!
BeastMode never sleeps  runningcureseverything  I just finished a 6.36 mi run with Nike GPS.
I'm about ready to shoot.
I like three 6 mafia 'stay fly' music video got to be very rythmic.
and you portray both qualities to a extent of other girls may strive to achieve baby.
Luv u spank
mother just informed me that wine is cheaper than gasoline, So doctornk wine, don't doctorve to work, Sally.
:
SOMEONE PLAYED paris hilton.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MYSELF!!!!!!
Join tonight for Nathan Dye, , tonight at 6pm.
Happy hour to follow!
my inability to figure out how to tag alex casey in a witty comeback tweet is angering me
Going out tonight to celebrate.
I'll shoot you one back tomorrow night :
Did you know you're a want us
The most awesome Little5 is the one that doesn't end with me getting arrested or going to the hospital.
Just saying.
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
I'm not a rappermc so dont campare me to one I'm a musician BIG DIFFERENCE.
Anyone at SRU have extra graduation tickets for 2 o'clock on Saturday?
I can make use of them!
Let me know.
I can save you.
From the misery you've claim to yourself.
The thins that I will do.
RT : Rangers down to 10 men but won't help Spurs they way they are playing
We rely on tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
My cheeks are really hot right now
can u plz call me back, asap!
Two dead, three teens hospitalized in Edinburg wreck  Brownsville Herald
ah I get it she's the girl on fire an they're using it for their enjoyment haha
It's time for cuchi cuchi
Learn something new every day acrylics are some kind of fake nails apparently.
Thank you
well text me when y'all are on your way and I might come down there :
Yes, yes, I know, I forgot to the link to the John Oliver interview.
Here it is: bit.ly/e8ojOT Need protein!
NOW!
maybe if you got rid of twitter for a week, you'd come back refreshed
What to do wit the kids?????
Mayor Hancock:W/o the use of a single taxpayer dollar, this bill will reduce the cycle of poverty through the use of education
that video has at least 3 more beautiful sequences I'll put up tomorrow
If He Only Knew 3 Oh Who Am I Kidding !
He Probably Already Found Out ;p
thanks for coming out!
Big thanks to for letting me pick his brain for a few mins last night.
Our conversation up shortly on
silly, cute pic where u going ?
It's called being whipped, it's called respecting your lady.
Fuck the police.
RT : Always do your best Miguel Ruiz
Sitting outside at Yogurtland on 6th and Grant.
Just heard back to back REO Speedwagon.
aw thanks u want one?
We specialize in buying bank owned properties
and we are always working to make faster!
you probably would get a quality item for a good deal.
OMG ALFIE IS SO PERFECT AND ONE DIRECTION TOO AND LIAM GOT A HUNGER GAMES SHIRT AND I'M GONNA DIE FANGIRLING
Have a kid in MiddeltonCross Plains district?
Contact school board and protest changes to teachers' contract.
Follow me please I love U!
You're all time on my mind, you're my life, you're like my breathing, don't forget that i3u
Rob McKenna who has been a strong advocate for the citizens of Washington State will formally announce his race for governor this evening.
Checked it out!
Nice sound.
Look forward to hearing more.
your last 3 tweets have been about Rocco.
I think it is time to reevaluate your life...
o, omg so glad I don't have to deal with all this stress
Let's go WhiteSox!!!
Oh, might have been where I went wrong.
RT : Not my brain, no, just the writer's block.
lol...JaVale McGee is a trending topic, must not be good.haha
You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you, not someone who is very good with just the word sorry
Ready to see some movies at the Wisconsin Film Festival!
As the day comes to a close, I'm thankful for all the tough questions I've had to tackle so far this year.
Things are starting to make sense
HighSchoolMemories All the lunchtime pep rallies .
That made school for that day a lil fun.
If Bklyn sees this, you're out : at the hyatt, wishing was here to explain the big words in usatoday to me
I'm gonna go buy some cookies tomorrow to celebrate!
:' YOU GUYS WON!!!
cjsndnan I'M SO HAPPY!
333
All week we have Sweet potatoes, the best Mac N Cheese in town.
Coming this Friday Fish  Spaghetti.
Slappin pusha t alone in Vegas.
In Vegas.
Earthday tip number 1: Bring your own mug or reusable water bottle to work every day.
You'll reduce waste and conserve resources!
Sausage is one of the oldest forms of processed food, having been mentioned in Homer's Odyssey as far back as the 9th Century B.C.
Your right  I have a foam roller and it does wonders for my old ITB problem I had.
Interesting ideas to help libraries: reduce student loan debt in exchange for recent grads volunteering there, LibraryCorps?
Now following  thanks for your support.
': awe, what a nice man.
F da haterZ LOL.
Much better than some of the alternatives.
: I have KLOUT?
Must have picked it up in Cleveland!
I'm so excited I just got an iPhone!
Her daddy would be so pleased
yep yep lol im so random
I now think less of both of you..jk
New trending articles on  8 Things U Should Never Say to a Mom is one.
Can't there be News of the Day or something valuable?
I take care of her just how she likes it every time ; right babe?
mister Yormark, I need to DM you about something important.
Please follow/DM w/email.
Ted Curtis, Lynn U sports mgmt prof
WeWontWork if you don't work Bitch get a fuckin Job
Good Morning!
Wussap followers?!.
So proud of Roger and his team!
Congrats to all!
A def.
of success is never losing what you worked tirelessly and passionately to attain.
Don't take it for granted.
Until I was about 28, the only literature I read was doctorma.
Hated reading lit in high school, college.
Still don't like novels.
Ed, Edd, n Eddy is on!!!
I used to love that show :P
Working on a 30 minute continuous mix.
Have 15 minutes of it done  Yes!
FeelingAccomplished AndAwesome 
I LOVE that soundtrack
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
huge fan .love to have you come judge our American doctoram pageant in Vegas July .Our motto women can accomplish all things.
Hope you feel better soon.
Obsessed with my every move.
SMH.
Thanks so much for the FF :
FDMF bottom is in, looks very thin folks!!
refactoring 'work'  as metaphor of nonrenumerative 'selfactualization' intellectualGluttony :D
.
It's not a definition.
It's a requirement for Open Source.
There may be other requirements for openness as well.
easy setup.
Let's Dewey it today  il2011 to get folks riled up for
Round 2 with at or not hm decisions
I am playing spot the anthros in the international terminal
it's back but only if you top it with a blazer on top...love the orange btw
Thank you..I did.
Yo!
What up?
Upcoming shows?
am i incorrect for thinking this is kind of a big deal for Meek?
the person that u were talking 2 has just been kidnapped by their bed  pillow; they'll be returned in the morning after 8hrs of captainvity.
Beautiful day out, great day for working on my project!
If we don't make it out alive, it must have been a good day to die.
Can you not see it in my eyes?
I've been hurt, I've cried, but I'm smiling through the pain.
IfICould Go back in time and change something i did in the past I wouldn't cuz it made me who I am today.
Naked confetti.
Dot tumblr dot com.
Make it happen, world.
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH!
Stop by our studio today to pick up a gift card for the holidays!
it already went up your ass that's why you told that your asshole hurt;
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
RT : And here's a QA with the Daniels: Daniel Alarcon: How do you approach the end of a book?
Daniel Handler: With caution.
Phone is in my car whats the word for the fight tonight
All I got is 1Life and I'm living it to the best of my ability.
Trying not to be careless either.
I saw you today.
WHAT'S HAPPENING PEOPLE!
COME AND CHECK US OUT ONLINE.
YOU CAN SEARCH AND BUY GUNS ON OUR WEBITE FOR EXCELLENT PRICES.
I'm very very proud of my dancers tonight!!!
Solid performances and electric energy!
I was feeling it!
At City Club, Sun Times columnist panel on Rahm's first 100 days.
:  Taco Spuddelish even though I didn't get Fritos : Oh no!!
:.
So sorry, next one is on us.
This is debatable.
A lot of terrible, successful bands out there!
RT : Godsmack is the worst band ever to have enjoyed success
Omg I love he's the shit
Saw ustream..amazing he is the best 3much love
I hope you like wine and cocktails!
constantly telling myself i need to lose weight for summer, but i always find myself eating junk food.
sigh
Student research on doctorgs in Baltimore: a container of earthenware, metal, etc., used for cooking, serving, and other purposes.
I can't.
RIP Randy The Macho Man Savage.
I listened to the IOWA debate with mom and dad.
Now I'm listening to the NH debate with my mom and grandpa.
Good thing the pink stretch pants don't need any starch!
virginians: take 20 seconds to call 7862211: My name is .
I oppose HB462 ultrasound bill and call on the Governor to Veto it.
Look for the new report in the next couple of weeks.
Psyched to take part in the Space Apps Challenge THIS WEEKEND!
Tackling big issues of global importance with nerdiness
Totally missed the NCAA finals.
After all the Virginia teams lost, I completely lost interest.
investing in a tub of aloe vera was a wise decision though
Of course!
Loved the video's/talk.
Very inspiring
If you can't get enough of the Longshoremen's labor and law enforcement dispute, tune in at 6.
Taking on port commossioners today.
doctorma.
Real big things coming yalls way this April!
Sick, staying home from school.
: If I photoshopped male nipples on females breasts, would they still need to be censored for television?
oh well that's not bad lol at least you got those out of the way ; lol I hate science though..
but that's me.
and who doctorssed her???
Travel safe, Jet Setter!
it is all good, this is a lot of fun I am new to it the last few months no worries
Sunglasses and advil.
Last night was mad real.
The Wild Onion is the only bar on Grande Ave.
that can't serve alcohol on the patio.
Neighbor it's gross we have to dodge puke in the morn
But aren't Burners just the evolution of Hippies?
you're right.
Good morning :
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 13
Thanks for the follow newfound friend!
PS.
This is 's doc series!
on top of that..
am getting really excited about decorating the house for the holidays!
RT : Is it bad that I'm more excited to go home w.
than actually being in California right now?
Haha.
awesome.
Wait till they see what's next :
Getting ready to head to Cuba for Pope Benedict XVI's trip to the island!
I applause to you mam :
mad at you
When Jesus died he took all of your sin, if you're bornagain you take all of His righteousness.
Receive what Jesus did for your life today!
furry walls
Webster Hall this Friday!
more details to come.
...
headed to ...
to support  support OPEN ..
Our Pride Employee Network!
you're money bud.
Thanks for your consistent effort, passion and leadership!
The Joffrey ballet's Winter Fire is amazing!
Last two days to see it!
Live Multicam, Copters and Real Life Rocket Engines
that's what I like to hear!
GoBucks!
I just finished a 2.04 mi run with Nike GPS.
Thanks DIVAS for such great reviews on HEALHTHY HAIR BY RACHEAL products.
Dallas Texas and moving for worldwide DIST.
Who was the best groomed contestant on the TheVoice last night?
goes to the rockies and hits up the casinos.
I love because she loves and cares for her fans!
She sings wonderful!
She's pretty!
There's so many reasons!
We were honored to premiere Paul Zelevansky's :60 shorts Mister Rogers for Adults.
Soon to show prior to films at Regent Square Theater.
simmer down bmore
Boxing just ain't the same no more
Just cut up one of my dance tshirts for decades day at school tomorrow...
While I understand  respect the importance of marketing, I will never, ever, place that above UX.
Intentionally bad UX  customer betrayal
Fyi AVOID I20 W toward downtown Atl, or you'll be in traffic for HOURS!
Going to buy the chicago magizine that announced me as 5 Star agent awarded...yeah me
If you don't go within, you go without.The beauty of the Way is that there is no WayLao Tzu
I get ONE spa day and I never hear the end of it.
watching The Big Lebowski again.
This time I'm gonna be able to articulate its philosophy clearly.
I support that.
Turn around bright eyes...
Social networking is private space, students don't want to use in class.
Or libraries, in my experience.
Temple Run is my shiiit!!!
Thanks for keeping us posted!
no pho for you!
Share with your friends!
Tell them about us!
First 10 get our single Sunshine for FREE!
followback follow us
Forgot Hugo in my list of favorite films.
Best cinematography.
yes!
biking riding
I am just tripping that I am actually going to be talking with Oprah Winfrey about my life.
Too surreal.
I have so many emotions right now.
and it worked pretty well too...not Kaufman level of laughter, but good for academic keynote.
Hello, Hive Mind: Do you think of status updating on SNS as a creative act?
Any examples of kids doing esp creative things w/ SNS updates?
The Fantastic Book of Phantasms, Haunting Stories, The Ghostwriters Greatest Hits
OMG!
Do you know who my dad is?!
Here's a suggestion.
Ariana should do another cover on YouTube!
Omg her singing is just....flawless!
Can I have ur voice ?
Love u!
Xoxo
Seeing a visit California ad while I'm not in CA is bittersweet.
And answers where all the people are finding their stereotypes
I think you jinxed me.
I just checked FB and I've been upgraded to Timeline.
ARGH!
Congratulations Saint Peter's Peacocks men's basketball for making the big dance!
Ikr!!
Lol just trying to be cool and saying hi to each other by flipping each other off :P lol
Yeah, I'm sittin' at ASI all sad...
Next weekfoodtruckseating in the park together!
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
Anonymous
they say nothing in life is impossible well you try to nail jelly to a tree
cool, we'll check it out!
Thanks!
Nobody really cares until it's too late.
Do you know if LOL is going to be played in Hawaii?
I'm a huge fan nd I really wanna see it!!
Please lmk if you hear anything
Happy Birthday to Bruce Springsteen!
In my opinion the greatest live performer ever.
www.theconcertstage.com/blog/2009archive.html
What a game, what an ending.
I'm exhausted.
The 12 Best Free Mobile Apps for Commuters, 2012 Edition  PCWorld
I have cupcakes.
aw I'm sorry
Going to see yo off da chain choir concert
A teacher really got in trouble for playing rack city in the class room for 1020 seconds...wow
it's all going to pay off come Thursday :
Take chances!
Thats awesome!
Congrats on the writeup!
:
This white girl swear she just pulled me
I got to sing at my granpas diner Saturday night with my dad and his band.
the best.
Jim's is close.
And to be fair, I have yet to try D'Allesandoctors.
But still...the best.
C'mon man!
Heads and thumbs up to new follower:  hold it down in WPB
Update  Are you looking for a new position?
Please forward over your updated resume so we can confirm your expectations and requirements!
not anonymous one of your biggest fans since your were born...
oh jeez.
I bet u won't be able to look at that person the same again.
Open Tues  Sat 118, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space or catering on Mondays.
Winter hours till April.
The casting director for this film is cool!
Everything is very 1970s  was seeking guys w longish hair, Foxy Brownesque prostitutes...
fridayreads Don't Kill the Birthday Girl by Sandoctor Beasley.
Aquarius are beyond attractive.
;D
Wis.
GOP Senate candidate Mark Neumann's solar company SunVest signed letter urging continuation of federal stimulus grant program
You mean...
all the meaningful and enlightening things I'm always saying don't delight and inspire you?
Yeah, me either.
IfOnlyYouCould treat me with respect and realize what's right in front of you :
Good Morning!
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms  Mom figures out there.
We loveappreciate y'all much more than we show.
Have a great day!
Watch Vinny appear out of nowhere when the Boyz perform on ABDC.
fantastic, isn't it?
The a11y developments are mind blowing  mind unlocking!
him and Durant are at the top no doubt
Will payoff in the short term but don't think he'll play more than 6 unless sheds some lbs.
RT : fielder gets 9 yr, 200plus.
ain't no real food just snacks , I want a meal with my fat ass
excited to Hang out today
thank you for setting up the great mobile bar experience last night.
slightlyaddicted,Times running out to get tickets to the worlds greatest Elvis Tribute visit to get half off
Switch to mint?
Thanks for the well wishes.
Hope you have a great weekend too.
what happened to the show?
Wow!
Then Dani is a Sounder, too!
Who knew?
well is sturdy and soft but not to soft and I hear he is big where it counts...
Shout out 2 who's persistence, FANS and hard work selfpromoting Super Swagg got him into rotation on Kiss 97.3!
Congrats!
Don't forget all the people that helped you get to where you are today.
i remember when you said you will always be here for me when im scared or for anything and i believed you.
Ooh i just can't wait to be king!
ConfessionTime I hate being awake by myself.
I wish you could stay too.
Reverse is awesome.
Wish I was at home
hmym is amazing!
Wow, a lot less excited about this now.
But has a cool name!
I feel so close to you right now.
I like the twitcon mad cute I gotta say
wow.
mister Ungrateful.
Compliments are so nice.
typos will be the death of me.
If you need an adapter to present with your Mac, see Mark from Microsoft at the 1st floor NERD desk.
you loved it more.
that's a fair call.
Let me know in the AM?
What's everyone doing today.
When the relays sis
I lloove my bed.
I know it will never leave me.
Says I need a agent
: usability even critical in mcommerce.
Keep it simple.
Remember critical features for quick purchase.
Do not wait for someone to tell you have a great day before you have one.
CREATE it yourself.
Eisenach: trust the compulsory license, favor local content via regulation, and favor broadcasters over cable channels,
How do you overcome the impulse to be lazy?
Easy, think about the side effects of being broke!
Hurry please June.
And hurry and get your booty down here!
thanks  do you know who  Austin Mahone  is?
;
I am thinking about getting a MercedesBenz CLK 63 AMG Cabriolet for a new car!
whats the point u telling her she has no respect for herself but then u compliment her that jus being hpocritical
These girls are so funny and amazing 3
Having good convo :
ask your bro
I love the iPhone.
Battery last me all day ;
What the hell did they change?
I gave up returning them.
hope to see you in Orlando for FETC12 to share greetings from team
good luck!
i don'ti guess i probably should?
Cleaning this pool
Mall with
Hey!
You've got a pic and a bio!
Wahoooo!
Well done!
Bluebird sky with some great snow!
Poor : but I'm so happy that is still here 3
what a bitty
Helped with a friend's paper titleI Gamified Your Mom and Totally Scored: A Philosophical Investigation of the Ramifications of Gamespace
Turning the subs on in your car doesn't make you cool, it really just makes you annoying.
ThisSummer I don't wanna worry about if I'm single or not.
I remember back when internet AprilFoolsDay jokes had just enough believeability to seem true.
Try harder, people.
Thanks for the follow have a great day!
try now
RT We want to preserve islanders' PutinBay/LK Erie Island tales.
Anyone know of grants 4 this?
What a great weekend to see the butterflies!
Well, mine is clear, so that settles it.
Something must be blooming that my body doesn't like.
:
awesome!
Currently working on 1.2 which will bring support for search and transcripts.
Let me know if you have any questions.
People aren't going to like over Lesnar but you didn't expect Vince to bury his face two PPVs in a row did you?
Do u swallow?
Message and send pic PR contest
At any place in history, the death of Christ, like the lines of the cross, runs perpendicular to the flow of culture.
J.
Fischer
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Yo, can I bum a smoke?
I'll give you like 3 when I get a pack.
Here's those cigs I promised
what about the CRAZIES on your team?
howUgonForgetYoRootz ...LOL
Good days soon turn to terribly miserably awful when I start a serious conversation as such.
I'm not joking.
She takes it ALL
O'Neal's first three rebounds of the game gave him 12,358, enabling him to pass Paul Silas for 16th place on the NBA's career list.
I've forgotten how to fly, and be bangarang.
I just need to remember, because we all forget.
It's remembering that shows we all know how.
yo dc's cool all but where's all the powderedwigs shit?
good luck!
It's cold af here
NO WAY!
Let's go!
Best part of the episode.
no problem thanks for the support!!
Watch for new songs in the next couple weeks!!
yes, it's raining in Austin  a wet welcome all the Brits attending SXSWi ;
how is your dog?
impressed with pro.
49 annual subscription just paid for itself 6X over by emailing me about a 300 doctorp on a ticket I bought.
RT : Institutions are radical ideas cast in concrete.
How do you include space for future creativity?
You best get on down to Casa Vicente at 8pm tonight or you'll miss the fun!
Tablao tonight and tomorrow!!
Concealed carry update: Wisconsin employers consider gunfights in company parking lots.
Halloween at High Noon: Exhumed the Hits  18 Songs spanning 4 full length albums.
Only 6.99  Amazon mp3 
Anyone out there use ?
How do you like?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Turkey or Ham?
Kid might have some books smarts...
but he needs to get streetwise!
That's no way to work the system.
and be totally nakedd
have a nice day everyone!
don't retweet articles by the dickhead
There is maybe one person reading who will get this, but I'm thinking WebGenDB error report madlibs would streamline my daily routine.
ESPN Chicago: Highenergy Samardzija throttles Reds  LockerPulse
poppin' the bubbly as Pro Champs
is listening to AbbeyRoad by The Beatles.
You should be too!
i did too haha
I MISS U!
FOLLOW for a
What is the best hotel Facebook page you have seen?
Why was it the best?
The Google professorle has to be the center of the experience on Google smss12 via
did u do ur history
People who are struggling need our care  compassion.
Congrats to on the sale of her new novel to HarperCollinsI just learned this awesome news today!
I never wanted him.
He even trying to play tonight.
Terrible : Just think some people wanted to trade for Howard.
Knicks
Trivia: Casablanca and Rebel Without a Cause are the only two movies in 13 years that have been repeated at Screen on the Green.
I'm glad you enjoyed it...
Thanks
you think you might change the way I feel, teach me to let my guard down
Way to go clarksville.
Shoot the fireworks where we can't see them.
now you know I gotta steal some of ur quotes lol
i live about 5 minutes away, don't tempt me with your curly fries now xD.
Nothing breaks the soul like chronic pain.
My prayers are with anyone out there who has had to endure pain for a long period of time
I am a big user of zotero, so unfortunately safari is not an option for me right now :
you guys.
i tell ya.
you're great :
good morning  :
Getting some fun feedback from my altsummit post!
Maybe I'll start blogging more about all of my embarrassing experiences...
Fortman: People are resilient, creative, and want to work.
Uh oh the Saints are playing the Giants.
Someone I know will be upset no matter who wins.
I'd better just hide under the couch
she says thats ok.
I actually found a letter from you from sept...
At club chrome wit Charlie boy and dorrough Stoney crook records baby
Spending the morning in DC by myself  looking forward to it.
I never had a boyfriend that be lurking so much !!!!
I wish to never never have one !!!
Let's go racing!
Here's to an amazing safe 2012 season!
give us a call when you can.
Tried to call earlier today and got voicemail.
Thanks!
I think I've done a pretty good job fielding the hit so far.
Ive seen the cutest men ever today I'm glad was there to experience with me
ice cream makes me HAPPY :
kids have stolen 3 of our class iPods I got donated so they could do more interactivity.
Why steal from urself?!
STS Executive Committee is meeting virtually for the first time  about 2530 members.
Fingers crossed for better than complete chaos!
:
Thanks so much.
We're blessed to have so many new Jesuit graduates in the world.
iloveyoubut it is hard being 2nd to the Marines, even if I do understand.
Thank You as Well Honey!!!
RT : S/o to for these new pieces!!!!
Just tried them on and love'em...Thanks Lady!!!!
85 today, hopefully I'll see some ass 
Ure blasting Empire State of Mind while doctorving thru Brooklyn.
Really?
I know we're all excited to be here but that seems like a little much
hey thanks 4 being a voice in the fight against
morning back!
praying for you Dsimber!
I played basketball to try to get my parents from working so hard.
James Worthy
Unfortunately, can't help u with that.
Surely there's some kinda calendar/scheduling app.
Good luck in your search!
First day of school and already at the pub.
tacos and beer!
kids are still mourning Terra Nova's demise :
The increasing number of doctornes government is purchasing shows its prominence for U.S.
security or insecurity.
Follow me and maybe u will be lucky enough to get more than 50 followers in 2days
I'm not sure yet!
Why, whatsup skankalicious??
We do indeed have PersonalLibrarians for all students  faculty.
Admin departments someday, too.
no its not
Thanks to the WooHoo, my friend.
I'm really liking your Mexicothemed background, too.
Very lively  colorful.
:
Happy Easter!!
Have an amazing day with family!
catching a few movies on netflix and eating pizza with the girls.
that was so ridiculous...and that Elvis haircut....Bieber, the buying street cred thing isnt hot
I missed Reyes and Infante.
Pink Bats?
I hate when people suddenly fall asleep without saying goodnight 
Any Budget Printing reopens at 8:30am tomorrow after the great sdblackout of 2011.
two high fives?
Not even sure if we're bargaining or if you're just repeating the word macdougal but I'm gonna try.
mister Odams class reminds me soo much of the class on Freedom Writers :
It takes like no time at all for my mom to find out about shit.
perfect it looks like a 911 perfect!!
You're very welcome!
I hope it can make a difference.
Such a horrible barbaric thing.
Is anyone I know interested in preserving/archiving Operation Ivy's live footage and audio?
If so, feel free to DM me!
Commission on Sustainability meeting, Tuesday 9/26  4:00 pm, 417 E.
Fayette St.
8th floor.
Open to the public.
I feel like Five Hour Energy Xtra should be called Six Hour Energy
Kobe Bryant is the best player in the NBA right now.
hahahaha that is awful for your life.
it comes in handy quite a bit.
Music is life ...
Peace Corps is a need not an experiment it was 50 yrs ago.
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
16
Lol yess :D I NEED HER CLOTHES !!!!!
Did you write down the booklist?
We should start a shared google doc.
I think Lamarth Vader had something to do with it.
Heading to AAUW for a screening of Looking forward to finally seeing what the buzz is all about!
I disaprove of your nonmetal/rock ways, why you rebelling?
My heart goes out to any and all human beings in North Carolina who were told they are less than such today.
u know its funnyi wrote everybody high for me,as an outlet to let loosenever doctoram how many would feel the same wayi luve it!1 true fans
has anybody used an FHA loan before?

thanks for following back
I.e.: ponies love rainbows  eat bagels, vs.
ponies love rainbows,  unicorns eat bagels.
Not always essential even so.
I woke up to my nieces beautiful face this morning.
We had girls night last night!
who back up steve blake?
This has been 1 of the best FF !
Thank you and welcome to all my new tweeps.
I appreciate each and everyone of you!
Triple booting my Mac and other fun geekiness tonight
: Dear youngpreacher please remember that God is watching over u and out for you!
U r not Alone!
The Blues have played each final 4 team this spring season losing by a combined 11 points 0 Metro  8 Palmer  1 Belmont 2
8 mile run with a cold but no asthma attack!
w'sup dude.
North Park...San Diego.
Part bear, part machine...all Teddy.
wow!
Thanks for the mention!
it was fantastic meeting with you and forward to am extraordinary event:
like I'm Not gonna throw down in the hometown gonna have like 45 in San Antonio
I was excited to find out Morrison was going to be part of the Blackhawks.....I'm hoping he will be a good fit!
follow back, ehh?:
Get your paddles ready!
It is time to give and make a difference.
SEIPDX WellsFargoHereNow
I love seersucker
: Okay, some of you have asked, I have a new tattoo but right now I'm trying to liver all the beer out of my body.
IhopeLi ...
New item very soon: UNIVERSAL HANDCUFF KEY NECKLACE getout ofjail
I've spend my night watching Chace Crawford and Ed Westwick videos.
I live such an exciting existence.
thanks!
We have a lot of fun on our trips...
i love ur new vid, you have an amazing voice 3
Got these haters mad.
.not having anything to do on a saturday night 
If I didn't slow down I'd be a townhouse about now lmao
At some point, I'm just going to have to give in and download and play Angry Birds.
I can't take the pressure and hype any longer.
Very inspiring words.
Thanks for the quote!
That's amazing!
So proud of you, big.
Missed you earlier tonight at the alumnae dinner :
absolutely, get 'em started young!
Don't get it.
40k a plate  13 million  but programs loose funding because there isn't enough money?
I am moving to Canada.
I know, I was wondering if you knew what channel it was being aired on in the US?
As long as we maintain our common resolve our journey moves forward and our future is hopeful Great speech Obama!
of course!
what do you do there?
Ready to see you folks in the panhandle in Navarre for the shows this weekend!
Just had a great meeting with Stay tuned for a big announcement coming soon!
We have to stop the American doctoram from just being a doctoram.
The injustices done to the Middle class must end.
Thanks for the support!
better do some stretches.
Maybe a warm up lap.
oooooowwwww!!!!!!
Lol I been could roll ;
super easy  I actually took a pasta making class at Daves fresh pasta in Davis which is so fun
skip be sippin before the show!
Flow is the mental state of operation when an athlete is fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, full involv.,  success
wait Rach told me she was cooking a dinner for me.
Who is harey and Carey?
I dnt get woke up to nothin like tht
hoping i get to them before the year runs out
Hey, , just wanted to let you know that I will be discontinuing your service due to your recent rate increase.
Thanks for the flix!
had to get home early!
Haha
lol girl dnt get me pump up.
i found out the song that reminds me of you listen to crazy girl by eli young :
Thank yall so much!
We really loved talking to yall.
It was def girls' night!
Gus, Perry, Latoya, Disco, Tendency, Grass Bros., Portraits, Sketch, , Brothers Garss  Special Guests!
5/20/12 OTP
the front page of the newspaper today has a girl throwing newborn puppies in a river, how psychotic are people these days?
...and goodnight
I used to watch the TO show, he's always playing the woe is me card.
No one feels sorry for a guy who made/blew 88M.
sometimes a nigga gotta flexUP like bitch u think ima slouch lol
I'd Rather Be Lucky Than Good  Jesse The Body Ventura
Expect a Halloween special edition LOVIEE up in the next couple of days with regular postings to resume in November.
why do i worry so much?
There are some exciting Xs  Os possibilities for Lakers endofgame situation being doctorwn on my timeline.
Should have happened last night.
happy birthday from Boston!
Thank you for the kind words!
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb.
That's where the fruit is.
H.
Jackson Browne
thanks Brian!
But the message is the same.
Israel is a great country and a great nation.
Zionism is in.
Judaism is inCaroline Glick
Good point.
Wouldn't MOST ppl say It is extremely challenging to support myself as a these days?
I don't wanna go to work today 
Been busy with auditions...
Always a good sign.
Wishing I never did the the electrooptics degree.
Shoulda just did normal optics.
Ugh
If Goldman S allegations are true I'm wondering how serious the implications for global banking confidence will be  knockon impact  AGAIN
You're a beast.
Congratulations!
I doubt the shooting at Towson mall was random.
Settle down people, the statistics are still favoring safe shopping.
Wish I could get you out of my mind.
Pretty successful day I'd say..
Graduation invites done, clean car, and somewhat of a clean room
thanks for all that you do!
You rock
I can dig it :
Yup!
We were there for the stuff Friday and then spent saturday morning at the festival proper.
third year in a row!
loved it!
Practicing belly dance for just 20 minutes EVERY day makes a BIG difference.
Helps more than a couple of longer practices, I think.
Working hard and chilling with the King !
Thanks Jim.
Sonoma was great.
My parents are over from Scotland and we had a wonderful time.
Back to the cold SF summer today!
im totally out of the loop today...Havi fired, but Kitchen stays!?
Man we played that really wrong!
:/
: I like my doctorss:on your pictureI know I have such great taste I was smart when I bought it for u fits us both
listening to DEMI LOVATO skyscraper..
love it
How many of you have visited Heaven when you had a neardeath experience?
Share that experience with me and others.
Unfortunately I do not think we have a functioning one at the moment but its 713227DEAN
Interesting 4th Street Forum on Voter ID, not liking the tone of a certain legislator...
Yikes.
I have a feeling this is going to be a long stressful week 
what up.
X videoS
We would love to have you, Alpana!
Anytime!
JustWishICouldSmile but God is never wrong....
So something great is coming
Its that time of year
Shorter new website domain same great food Platinumcce.com
I'm upset I didn't get to see him tonight.
When u constantly get asked if you had your hair done recently  it's been a month u know u have a great stylist cc
Lots of clapping today!
Great news!
Luckily the lights aren't powered by The Clapper!
WTASummit TourismMatters ClapOn!!
4lbs of mac and cheese
Baby Carter enjoys Britney Spears and her music videos!
I'm the best babysitter ever!
seriously idk but your my FAVORITE 
east side lawlz
Thanks, I took care of those over the last week in Vegas.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney
Thx!
MT : FF Follow progressive MA tweeters  us
where ya at???
i really don't understand why some people say they want to be in a relationship so badly.
it's so much easier to not be.
Lack of sleep from late shows it's not only psychically tiring but mentally too.I am in such a bad mood...
upsidedown is in right now.
Love Caffe Medici in Austin!
This is a pretty cool place to pick up an evening Latte or glass of wine.
RT Last year's Madden Curse on Peyton Hillis so strong it affected Peyton Manning and Sean Payton.
Bad year to be Peyton.
Australian is an easy language to pick up!
PRDLA Singapore Nat.
U's Yap on using social media in the libs  e.g., reading student tweets on how they plan to break library rules.
Congratulations!
RT : WOW!
We hit 900 followers last night!
Hope u enjoy the food reviews as much as we enjoy providing them!
My New Clothes Came In Today 
DEDICATEDTO ALL THE BIPOLAR PEOPLE ON THE PLANET FUCK BOTH OF THE PEOPLE INSIDE UR HEAD
Seven mile run today in the warm sunshine, fast and fun.
Tired of the dark cold early mornings!
Bring on summer!
BUSTER BLUTH IS ON SVU Y'ALL
You're frying yourself asha
Thank You For Mentioning us!!
Happy Father's Day Weekend!
When you try to doctorw Niall Horan and it turns out a little more like Justin Bieber.
KILLING MYSELF BYE
Cheap RT : The San Francisco Giants have signed lefthander Madison Bumgarner to a fiveyear, 35 million extension.

hello!
I love my trilobite surlyramics I got at TAM8
Q5 indieview.
I think there may be a generational divide on this one!
Honestly if kids are READING ANY BOOK, I'm for it.
Hey squirrel if dis is really u I just saw u on bring us that Gold back from London son!!!
boo, you're just missing craft beer week!
RT : It's time for 's annual Mother's Day photoshoot: 11am  1pm, Wilson Commons TODAY.
Come tell your mom you  her!
Holding it down on KISS FM until 7!
Feeling really good for a Monday!!
StraightUp Cash..
Bookholders is where it's at : Come into the STORE right now and sign up for flyering!!!
looks delicious even in the unassembled stage.
You might be giving me some motivation here.
.
And a big thanks to for the grants that send our outstanding members to Chicago!
lol my lips r like sugar this candys got him sprunglol!!!1!
Hahaha B12 is amazing!!
Gives you energy!
I was taught to ask reporters what my deadline was for getting them what they needed.
ONELINER: What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
Hahaha.
Obama, The Roots  Jimmy Fallon singing slow jams about keeping student loan rates low...amen to that!
Today's Birthdays: Country singermusician Tim Raybon is 49.
Actor Jeffrey Donovan is 44.
Being alive in this manic world Is nothing more than a miracle..
That is all!
Is this lincolndouglas debate newt had been talking about.
whoa, that sounds like an awesome conference.
wtf.
why won't any songs play on my laptop..
I'm chillin', but my swag's on full attack
Baseball: Canby adds two more runs after Bryce Beatty's suicide squeeze and Trevor Laib's RBI single.
Leads Oregon City 30 after 2.
Gov Haslam: Our main problem is cultural.
you miss my outrageous outburts, don't lie to my face, through Twitter, another preposition that fits...
I have to decline but thanks for the offer.
Work leaves no room for outside commitments
See me.
Feel me.
Shoot me.
Thinking as a scientist.
Around 4th grade kids lose interest in science.
start reminding me a little more often..
Please hahahahaha hatethis 
any news on the schedule c fix for online edition?
Carlton, thanks for your questions, Morehouse Man!
And then there were 4.
Next week we'll know the 2 teams coming to Indianapolis to help us celebrate our great party.
Accept me for myself or not at all.
Any other arrangment cheats us both.Father Joe Sica
don't hit on my mom...
Be the first to LIKE us!
Me: Cleaning is HARD!
My sister: That's why it's called housework and not housegoodtimes.
Football Fans: Saturday  5pm, SDSU takes on the New Mexico Lobos.
Watch the game on Time Warner Cable, San Diego Channel 4.
The Evernote session is packed.
I'm on the floor in an aisle.
I just like saying it.
Hot spacho!!!
RT : Retweet if you love the hot spacho
at the track meet with and
Still Single Tho 
It's been a little over a week since having septoplasty, and I can already breathe better than I have ever been able to before!
uh, I don't have such an app.
we, and I, beleive if ubhad a card last year its the same card as there is no expiration date.
June 12 is my lucky day
why u not going out tonight?
The night is like an infant right now!
Thanks for the support Pattie :
True story: we had to pluck from the Caribbean for Saturday's Timbers game.
Gotta love the guy.
Get well John Strong.
oh ok whew where at?
Within my realm of protection?
It's 100 !!
Here in Nevada your
RT Caro is also 1 on the nonfiction ebook bestseller list, for the readers who'd rather not carry around a 736page hardcover
Hey Sam!:
I WANT YOUR PROM doctorSS.
I'll keep an eye out for him.
: This is an APB out for you're playing in 25 minutes!
Where are you ?
lol
follow back!!!!
thank you thank you : m/
Stay tuned for 2 new balance bikes coming this fall.
I don't even know the mission/vision at my site, it's far too complicated
must be good, it's checked out everywhere
ouch lol, tell your friends to be careful!
Rewatching the very first episodes of !
Still adore the beginning of my second favorite love story, Finn  Rachel!
3
You're welcome!
Thanks John.
victorymarmoset might be my favorite thing of the early season
shoutout to , she that deal cuz : FOLLOW HER :
Not in a rush just need to know when to duck RT : YUp I'll have it up tonight.
Shabbas at the Spodeks!
Can't believe that I have a week left!
Yes I know many people who were raised in a denomination but now choose not to have any relp but they r still reverent
Likewise.
Haha, yep, I think heavy duty offroad shock absorbers would help :
No one has ever been able to pull off a mock turtle neck like Carl Sagan.
Cloudy here, so declaring that streetlamp my
I would love to hear what KSR listeners think about Friday's call.
Send them my way.
Does Fritz have a Twitter lol
this is stressful :
Someone tweet me please
Ate dinner at the mall.
Go to the party eat again.
Go to Nessa's asks us if she wants to eat.
Lowkey wanted to...
Love.
RT : Show name...
Two Blondes and The Belt?
If Harry Potter was cloned  went 2 outer space it would be like going 2 Mars w Tom Sachs  his adorably attired studio crew.
Who's coming to the zoo with me 
We will be performing a special show at the Eddyville State Penitentiary on Sunday DEC 18th.
We are happy about that.
Seattle with my boys!
Good to be home!
love u!
Ah
touch 3 I am in love
yea Me too lol
If we celebrated Precedents Day, the first one would be the hardest.
You think you on google ain't it....
What you talking about I'm talking to you,,, TazzThatAzz!
Saw it in theaters when it came out, bro.
C'mon.
Don't treat me like I don't know good cinema.
At 14 I had begun reading.
Actually I was 13 when I caught the bug.
I was in Karachi Pakistan.
The language was Gujarati.
I had to rent bks
Raiders of the Lost Arc on the big screen April 22...
sometimes I love this town.
i love you
Sitting in the airport lounge sipping on whiskey and getting ready to board a flight to Sweden to cast doctoramHack.
I don't run away from you, I walk slowly, and it kills me because you don't care enough to stop me.
ATTENTION: If your Twitter is protected/private I am having a hard time following you guys back.
I'm not sure why.
If anyone knows..
help!
Which Coffee Blend this moanin?!
weedoctorpweerock!!!
imagine laying in bed with Austin, Alex comes in aww you two are adorable youAustin look at each other and smile
Commission meeting starts.
Beat Valentine's Day ever:
Card dead for an hour to busto in 23rd place for peanuts...
super sorry for my slacking g.
I will have tht joint to yu by Monday.
An ima shoot one yall way too
Have a great week!
Very exciting to see 'food deserts' in the United States get new food sources indeed!
I don39;t come on my space much u have to look me up on face book under krayon Matthews .
Miss u all.
Just sent in my video audition for Radio Disney's NBT 2012.
Let's hope they enjoy it!
The Aztec leaders at the half are Franklin 12 points, Franklin 7 rebounds, and L Franklin 3 assists.
Philly Brown!
Hell yeah Buckeyes!!
I can't get pregnant anymore, but just glancing at that tweet made me sweat a little!
nothing on my way to work unfortunately
Some people should not be allowed to doctorve
'Abdu'lBahá is talking music with Madame Ragna Linne at the Plaza, the NorwegianSwedish opera singer.
Ha no worries.
Love that I'm watching dolphins off the coast on a random Sunday afternoon :
why you hate jb/
please follow me !
:
Thank you, kind sir!
Keep the fires burning.
:
I ate my head weight in ceviche tonight.
I'm not sure how this will pan out for my work event tomorrow morning.
FREE HOT DOGS AND VEGGIE DOGS!!!
: guest bartenders for HAPPY HOUR 58, 21, no cover thanks !!
he gave me an ultimatum and I didnt take the other option so he was just like fine we're not friends
For years, mine's been Monster trucks.
Not sure why, just sounds funny
I WASN'T ALWAYS THE SUAVE MOFO I AM TODAY.
P.S.
Thanks.
See ya later RT : Hey everyone if you're looking for a nice Happy Hour in a 4Star spot at 2Star prices check out
I really wanna go to the GYM 
Keep the iPad near.
I may text you.
Heehee!
I think I'm ready to see who Shane ends on the show.
Protected by the queen of the sky.
The same variables that make some charter schools excellent, should be applied in public schools.
UK is trying to take the LA Clippers' Lob City crown fasho!
haha
Alot of woman never give men the opportunity because theyre insecure and confused.
7 Brides for 7 Brothers...they don't make 'em like they used to!
it's not like she was extremely unattractive, but she was less attractive than usual?
that was my point.
don't hate me aw.
Landscape images submitted by Aaron P and Peter K will also be uploaded at the end of the month
Yea...
Music this weekend for sure
Don't break any mirrors!
can't believe it's still snowing...even downtown!
You don't need an excuse to ENJOY life justbe  localROC
And I give thanks for an amazing guy like .
3
Is it sad i immediately go Zach Braff?
RT : Would u rather hav Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones b voice narrating ur life?
This cuteness is making me want to kill myself seriously :
We want to thank everyone for coming out to our holiday party.
We are so appreciative for all of our fabulous interpreters and team!...
I don't know what I'd do without Austin you're amazing and totally talented.
I love you.3
Frisson!
RT The accidental intimacy of bumping umbrellas.
Just witnessed a fight in the mothers day card isle at Target.
Older dads.
It was confrontational yet polite at the same time.
I'm confused.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal and then leap in the dark to our success.
Henry David Thoreau
same here, but if you DVR rewind Shazam could be on to something.
Unfortunately it is on...I'm just trying not to watch....
One ugh and one not surprised from me about Top Chef tonight.
Stoked to be putting on the DMNStweetup tonight.
These folks are going to love robotic T.
Rex.
I dont like playing WWF cuz 2 many people be putting down words everyone and they mama dont know Foo you barely grad HS how u know dat word?
Memphis tomorrow.
Gonna miss him a lot thoughh /: Just glad, we're a lot closer nowww :
Other grp discussed Digital Labor and Intellectual Property  gendered roles of library workers, intellectual work vs.
clerical
Good thing they took my bottle cap, as dirty as dcu is I'd consider throwing it at them!
playing much cleaner than DC.
I'm probably out 7, but that was awesome.
is was good just tired
Are you looking for a job here?
No, I don't want a job, I want a hobby that pays!
You got to check the effects they are coming uo with, iam using them, they are totally magic and amazing, beautiful!, original music video
getting ready for CHURCH !!!
yah !
KENdoctor AIRS TONIGHT!!!!
: A dolla make me holla.
RT It is called The Lost Art of Being a Child.
I think so too
can you tell both Yung and Lily are asleep and that I'm too boggy to get to work?
Will stop bugging you now.
Rest In Peace Junior....
So sad!
hey it is i love it i think it is great
Packers, eh, we'll take it.
Getting ready to listen to Aniban Basu!
He's a funny funny man!
sounds like is hitting up Monterey soon.
What places do you suggest?
What was that one in Monterey?
seriously, i'd rather study chemistry or calculus before reading or building another boring conference realignment story.
No doubt RT 3.5 seconds  5 seconds on the West Coast
hi guys i ran my two miles  eugene
If you need tax help, call Paseo Verde Lib or Green Valley Lib to schedule an AARP Tax Aide appt.
Appts are going fast!
absurd score, wp
Omg what to do..
Best Buy chimes in with MacBook laptop deals
New to twitter who should i follow
It was filmed at the Radisson Lord Baltimore hotel in Baltimore MD :
Rick Amato was on KUSI morning news this morning.....
Great Interview...
...
for the shout out.
Thanks again.
goseeksomehelp if u have been divorced for 18 years and still jealous of your exhusband's wife.
ebay searching/ebay shopping
And is moving on to the 4rd Round!
Who RU rooting for  Vandy or Harvard?
Will we see a Ivy League of the Midwest vs Harvard?
no database that ties the comments to other comments.
very hard to group comments,  must be customized in each project.
Gentleness is not about being nice or polite.
It's having an attitude that says I don't need 2 manipulate or control U.
Jamal Crawford had made 33 straight FT's before that miss.
Our first intuitions are the true ones.
Emile M.
Cioran
Instead of saying all of your goodbyes let them know you realize that life goes fast, its hard to make the good things last
of course dear, if your coming to the crackhouse next week, i may be there with a few items.
Before everyone forms a line to suck Lester's dick let's all realize he just beat the Mariners .
They are 1621, RedSox are 1619.
Is it 5pm yet?
Man I could use a nice little adult beverage
See you tonight!
RT : Dinner club at tonight.
Woohoo!
Can't wait.
I'm starving.
My favorite FOOD Network star is, hands down, Alton Brown.
Who's yours?
I do not think sew pant legs together means what I think it means.
Disappointed.
anyone wanna help me get to follow me?
:
Should I get a gif boom?
Nah.
Me and working on powerful suicide storyin wake of Junior Seau's death.
What we can learn from this tragedy 6p
Framing of this debate makes it hard 2 argue for the ongoing relevance of spiritual thought w/o reducing it  atheism to absurd poles
Thank you for the inclusion in PR Daily
cause i, i still turn to you
oh did you get yours!?
I can't wait to get mine!
2 improv shows this week!
1 event!
and of course El Mari Chi Chi Cinco de Mayo show on Satday!
I don't know where I would be without you...
Your honest reason in still here...
If I didn't have u.
I dont think I would still be alive...
Let me ask this a bit differently: of the options you noted, which seems most popular among Pyramid devs  users?
Visit the Museum of Fine Arts for free tonight and every Wednesday night from 4:459:45
And thanks for all the new follows today!
Stay tuned for DTLA artwalk updates all day today
LA Times reporting Nick Montana commits to UW!
Awesome job Coach Sark!
AWESOME!
Leslie Turner of has blocked extra point, return of onside kick for TD in first half against Pittsburgh.
Cool, keep me posted...
and u didn't even share?
Serving the community through various programs!
Signature win for IU and Tom Crean.
Good to see some life back in Assembly Hall.
Time for MNF!
Catch the Rams vs.
Giants at TK Downtown and support a local charity JUST by showing your awesome face!
It's raining.
have i been untwitterblocked by you?
hahahah probably not as good as the first one but I have to see it!!!!
best movie
Thankfully my brother kept his playstation 2 ps2 I am being able to enjoy final fantasy ff10 as well :D
What I look like worried over you, have you seen me?
Mondo needs his own show !!
ITS PUMPKIN DONUT SEASON!!
Try one before theyre gone!
Public Enemy came on my Pandora station this am, and I thought of you.
And that they seem so tame compared to rap now.
I always be Fallin asleep when I do that
Good to know you!
Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!
Beginning today.
: U gotta be able too see too get a nigga back..
blindfuryctfu ok I quit
O just realized I crossed the 13k tweet mark.
I deserve like 50 followers for that right?!
:
...
just landed in Miami.
How was your sandwich?
you sir are awesome, and yes we can!
did you like the first one?
Dirty Minds author says: you're more than an author.
You're also marketer, publicist, cheerleader  quarterback.
I really meant the poster.
Looks fake.
Thanks !
Can't wait to tell you about it!
Bf not even answering the calls but I'm not pressed...life goes on...
We are going to reveal parts of our doctornk packaging in the next week or so.
Very appealing if we do say so ourselves.
Sorry, if your professorle pic is an egg, I won't follow you back.
I love you too!
Best doctorssed: Michelle William's by far Oscars  also loved Rooney Mara
I Hate Homework!
The baseball.
Chopping it up on baseball.sprnetwork.com.
Live at 3pm Pacific Time.
Taking my little sophomore friend to meet The Situation this weekend.
Dead, dying, convulsing all over.
Cucumber with lemon  salt  chile tajin yum 
; think ima go have some doctornks tonight, since them hoe's is free 
Ha, me and you both.
This phone number issue cracks me up.
Cheers!
Ik my arm looks different and weird but of your going stare plrasee stop making it so obvious
Spread the word, suggest us to your friends :
50,000 hours logged in 's Caring Counts doctorve!
Do we like to volunteer or what?
RT : Only 11 months 'til Christmas..Give your boss a very early gift...toss 'em for !
Nomination portal is ope ...
Lips stained red from a bottle of wine.
Yes indeed, the people 2 rows up on this plane have 2 whining dogs.
Shut up, Roxie!
doesn't seem to be working.
How are ideas selected, some aren't very good.
Why do you ALWAYS do this to me at the last minute?
UGH.
Maybe cook a little bit less?
Perfectly juicy burgers need no sauce.
Also, cheddar is good but basic.
Change up the cheese.
I keep meaning to try that place!
Does it really hold up to the hype?
Ur a doll!
RT : Support my dear friend and attend this years America's only toy  game fair open 2 public
Yo I'm starving these ppl in 2 hurry up I'm ready 1 eat!!!!
At rehearsal.
Just got viciously elbowed by Cristen Barnes over a script.
She now has my part.
we need to discuss Hannah, Marney,  all the happenings on 'Girls!'
someone take me somewhere Saturday.
CAN'T.
STOP.
LISTENING.
to Coming Up Strong!!
May 8th needs to get here faster so I can hear the rest of
they look skinny..
are you feeding them enough?
Leif's word for computer is gab, which is short for Yo Gabba Gabbaclearly the only reason computers exist for 2 yr olds.
RT : is on this list  Super Bowl Sneak Peek: 10 Ads with Winning Online Buzz slidesha.re/zeGgBl
let's doctornk on it; put our heads together and think on it 
Oh facebook ..
I dont have time this week to learn new timeline rules for brands!!
well, I wasn't concerned about the way she looked.
I just liked he voice.
Haha.
Well, this explains a lot of the awkwardness in my day.
RT it's Hug a Newscaster Day...that's both exciting and terrifying.
whats good envy i noticed that ja rule PIL2 album is doing good lately on the billboards
this is gonna make me sound desperate but..YOLO!
I wanna boyfriend..
dang y folks be watching u like that?
I mean u aint nobody lol...
Turning into a very Merry Christmas.
Best wishes to all!
is this a finalfour tweet commercial ?
We're shooting tonight...
we're not shooting tonight...
we're shooting tonight...
we're not shooting tonight...
we're shooting tonight!
Ford pools EV, hybrid research as fuel prices jump Ford is devoting one of its largest research labs to the development of hybrid, plugi
I like sweets :
I know, that could be terrible!
Hopefully she can take a look and get it fixed right away.
cc
I've Never Been To Stubborn To Admit When I'm Wrong !
I want to start training for a 1/2 marathon :
You needa thug in ya life cuz busstas ain't loving ya right
Rich says singing with band yes, but no karaoke machine
Holy shit.
Ed Dickson caught a pass!!!!
At theraphy for my ankle.
A marriage is a partnership Partnership starts with the letter P, so does Protect, Provide  Pleasure!
Isaiah 1:17 Stop doing wrong, learn to do right!
Seek justice, encourage the oppressed.
Defend the cause of the fatherless...
calling me a blind chick...
Please...
Forget this life Come whit me Don't look back Unlock your heart doctorp your guard No one's left to stop you
Lets play how many twitter followers I can lose in 10 minutes.
I've already lost 7.
Why don't we actually addoctorss reducing teacher layoffs instead of attacking teachers?
I miss you boo boo!
: this is crazy having not been able to see you...
A lot of people dying young these days...smh
: SHOWCASE!!!!!
Good luck NYFA students!!
Break legs!
I would bring something but our money went toward my momas party but I thought I would be good enough, so im bringing myself
I like that idea a lot.
doctorssed as Thorin.
Watched 9 hrs of TV Sun.!
Caught up on A LOT of shows in the DVR,  deleted some from the recording list...sorry PanAm 
Boys can't break your heart unless you let them.
Be smart, before they play you, play them.
Happy Mother's Day!
RT : MiamiMegaMission in Jerusalem.
Off to celebration at Safra square with Mayor of Jerusalem, Nir Barkat
You wanna be my 800th tweet?
How many do i have now?
IM IN A HOV LANE.
Enjoying a nice Colorado afternoon.
We will donate a 30 page per min copier to a nonprofessort org in Denver Metro!
Please call for details.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : No Strings Attached
RT : 305 Miami Pornstar asa of spades pussy wetter retweet n follow me  follow her
Congrats to Paul Massey and of for being honored as 2 of the Top Most Powerful in NY Real Estate
Amen, sister
Waited on you for so long
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a professorund source of spirituality.
I let my guard down with and for one second and.....WHAM!!!
Don't like them.
Can't trust them.
getting us up to speed on the brewers right now on
I'm going to try to finish this book tonight.
Goodnight.
maybe xD
Do Rangers fans kiss their mothers with that mouth?!
Ear muffs!!!!
; Thanks, for the follow.
Appreciate.
it.
;
SaynPlay is one of doctor Toy's 2010 Best Vacation Toy winners.
WooHoo!!!!
www.saynplay.com
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you...
: love this song to death!!!
Remembered watermelon in fridge.
Face lit up as brightly as when I see Weekend At Bernie's II is on TV.
woo!
good luck!
I wonder what is up to.
Probably being twilightlicious :
UP UP UP UP
welcome back!
Thanks!
I'm thinking it was the file that I downloaded.
It worked on the second gothrough.
Just learned Skyscraper by on guitar.
I am in loooovee with this song.
Stop in tomorrow night for New Saturdays  Blackthorn Pub  Grill This week  MCZ!
QPR is really playing a good game today.
Feel bad for Aston Villa and what is going on with City??
Keep it up Sunderland!
Villa scores!
Hawoah.
That's Jarmusing..
Can you give more insight regarding projectbrooklynhomeowner?
Is it a non professort housing agency?
Miami doesn't have a single big guy with an offensive game with Bosh out.
Just plain ugly right now  LeBron better step up in the 4th
should win some games
Dare to be
Who has tried the Green Chile Bacon Cheeseburger pizza?
saw you are were the founder of Exploroo great company.
If your up for it contact me so we can set up a linkback?
It's red.
haha i forget what it says though.
That is a fly couple right there....
Hey, Tom  you're welcome!
Finally have a phone with apps and QR reader amazing!
In looking at the material I've written...
I would say 'no'.
It's not necessary unless the plot or story actually calls for it.
My husband prepared a wonderful meal for us and baked a pineapple upside down cake for desert.
Snap poll: Are you playing Over or Under 284 in tonight's NBA AllStar Game?...
lets meet this week so I can give u those prints.
I'll share details for the reception so u can view yourself in a gallery
My summer starts tomorrow
Preach it!
Thanks for being a positive voice in the entertainment industry.
Save some for me!
Pretty please with nutella on top!
:D
please everyone go follow he is really kewl...he is one of my best friends...and if you follow him i will love you 4eva.
Taylor Swift wearing a doctorss like Grannie from Beverly Hillbillies.
LA is the place for sleeping!
:D
submitting today.
abraham lincoln name doctorp.
everyone huff laudanum!
Crazy doctorams last night...I'm hoping that just one of them turn real.
What's your boy Chris Donald up to, these days?
Getting excited about starting 2012...similar to looking forward to the back nine!
plus......
I spelled it out.
Literally spelled FURBY.
;
Thinking of a GOkickball night at a Clippers game.
Let us know if you this is something that would interest you.
T1 lectures are only as good as the lecturer and most lecturers aren't good
LaRussa will end up in the Hall, but he certainly isn't above some bush league antics
Just played an awesome show and had a band chicken nuggets eating battle.
Good times!
RT : MUST FOLLOW
I like the way you walkin' if you walkin' my way.
Weather is awesome and the beers are pouring.
Come cheer on the O's with us!!
if your knees don't randomly give out after you do legs, you obviously didn't go hard enough
Awesome blog post!!!
I wish you had been on all our visits.
Now all we need is a blog...
Of course my friend!!
I thought it was me.
They are always showing Sonic commercials there are no Sonics in Maryland.
I want Sonic Hotdog and milkshake
: Kickball debut tonight HIFI Hifi until I die!
Welcome to the team!
Ps Tell Zusi to give an invite to
It was an amazing.
2 selling beer there.
Worked 14 hour days and it was hard work.
Would do it again in a heartbeat.
I'd say more of an uncomfortable creepy at one point.
Great episode, though.
As always.
haha you don't even talk to me
Unless your presentation is actually about the entire history of your institution, just skip over that part.
I think I just miss you or something.
RT : we wish you guys were all still here!
me too!
Lots of happy memories!
THANK YOU!
: rt Another day, another film crew comes to HQ to do a story.
Props to , they found us via a BBJ story!
how do u know for sure?
RT We have featured some amazing CreditForCreatives suggestions this week, please do keep them coming!
The new product is coming along quite nicely, we can't wait to unveil it.
.: Content is becoming hotter again.
The job board is picking up, mostly in digital jobs.
Honestly, I miss you.
The things we did, the conversations, just everything !
Fuck this sucks !
:/
I love when i pay for a medium lemonade at Chickfila and they give me a large..
I just kind of want to be left alone today...
Niall your important and we love you too 333333333
Florida tends to let teams hang around..how many times can you play w/ fire and not get burned?!
Have you looked into directtoimplant surgery?
My wife so happy she did that.
doctor Lisa Hunsicker in Littleton, Colo.
You need to put a child lock on that channel!
I did on my TV!
Curse of software dev.
No edges, no shadows, not physical presence.
Hard to get 150 programmers to agree.
Via
no but I hear they are great.
Do you know?
Merrill?
FOLLOW RAY  : Josh Beckett needs to save his subpar performances for the golf course.
There's a name for WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan in real life.
They're called sluts .
.
.
or by their trade name  reality stars.
is the HOTTEST Housewife.
I love her.
Tweeting in all caps  MORAN
To have abundance feel abundant.
who!: cant wait to see it!
You should join me a Ramblin Jacks for lunch sometime...I think you would be suprised that I am not rude lol
hm and why is that?
Y'all Zipsters are poets  we didn't even know it!
Any other Zipsters wanna share a haiku for a shot at a day in an Audi?
It shows the mentality of these thieves, they have filmed  announced where they are going to steal from  it's ended up on the news!.
Thursday is the preday of an excitement building for the weekend.
Thanks for taking the time to answer my questions/sign my book tonight.
Hope I can transition from stand up soon!
u r a LUCKY guy : lol
bad girl club dude is intens !!
Like i feel like Im watching a boxing match yo lol
Thanx for liking my fan page!
You Rock!!!
Have you, like Toodles, lost your marbles?
Come write with me on my photo writing prompt blog : www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
o no my golds !
imy !
get well soon
Reading Delta Cost Projects' Trends in College Spending 19992009 for Friday's analyst discussion  getting  Econ of HE flashbacks!
Are you an AV integrator transitioning towards security?
You're not alone.
The SSSi Dealer Network is here to help!
Call 866.364.0030
Slept in a little after another great night at The band was awesome and there were tons of great leads!
R11 bus 6410 doctorver was polite and provided a safe and enjoyable ride to College Park Metro.
Our next gift card winners are CHELSEA LEE and LESLIE COMBS!
: Leo is warm, generous, open spirit, and makes strong leaders.
Both Buffettes Founders are Leo's!
Happy Holidays !
awesome!
She's walking the walk!
every day i'm shuffLIN
ha yeah I think I'm probably the problem not the school lol
Pack and a half of ramen was an outrageous mistake...dunno what I was thinking?!
So got a great email from asking us to participate in Oozeball 2012!
No way we say no!
Who wants to join our team?
in my high school days I was real but neva to my grl: if I culd rewind time and take it all bck I wuld
I HAVE to get a motorcycle this Summer.....like y'all don't even understand
Thinking about classes that will get me out of my funk today...
know of any good ones?
Hahahha oh how I love the Spanish teachers they always make my day!
Today classes are starting for real, and as usual I don't like my classmates.
Sigh...
omg just came back from puerto rico it was awesome.
TarotDay Sunday: Sun, same in tarot.
Shine, Expand, work without lust of result and for joy of the activity.
Live as if all is possible.
: Decide to be happy...Smile today...
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
happy weekend
happy happy Halloween Halloween Halloween.
Happy happy Halloween.
Silver Shamisterck.
ReasonsYouGetStabbed because I'm puerto rican
today was funny as hell as usual niggas be trying to act like sum they not niggas need to stop that
BOYFRIENdoctorVIEW it's like my favorite song it's amazing I love the beat and how u go high and low!
It shows ur vocal range
Glad that you were able to make it to Pullman yesterday
If being a 'bitch' is what it takes to make my point clear, then I guess that's what I'll have to be
To all you lovebirds out there tonight: use a condom.
Not trying to share my birthday with anyone else.
Its so annoying when people root for everyone who the lakers play against.
you aren't a denver fan, nobody besides ppl in denver like denver
I guess everythin happends for a reason
Our cats are playing the live action version of Street Fighter right now, and it's awesome.
Life is good!
Cherish it and love your friends and family!
Then get your favorite doctornk and get wasted lol!
like like like like like like
Good Luck!
bullsnation RT : Bulls vs magic tonight we really Need this one payback is on our mind
So, is anyone going to invest in ?
I forgot the passcode on my iP Crap.
Just watched this dopey romance Childoctorn of Men where the guy doesn't even kiss a girl, unless you count that ping pong stunt.
I am as vain as I allow.
Serbian war criminals are hilarious.
PIE Demo Day was incredibly interesting, went back and immediately tried out and have to say its a great tool.
When boys have that big smile, as soon as they see your face.
I'm a lil irritable....
There's a youngish guy that I see at the station in the morning who stands on the ground between the platforms and does Tai Chi.
It annoy...
how do i send in my cover of who you are?
I'm at the studio tonight if you need to do any shots for the video.
Happy Passover all!
What's for dinner?
new splurge after mattress: new pillows.
My opinions are based off what I know, have experienced,  seen.
Don't take offense to constructive criticism...
Try  grow!
I'm sorry!
They'll get here soon.
Ain't nothing like a white giirrrllllll
Looks like Twitter is starting to roll out the new interface to the less important tweeps.
Welcome to the party, losers.
Yes and i wonder why RT : It's becoming more common to see a black man with a white woman..
great movie.
Funny at times but still comes across as a pretty serious movie
Packer Forever Lazy
Nice photos!
But these are my favorites: Trafalgar Square, The Charterhouse and the Big Ben!
awesomephotos :
Another asteroid barely misses Earth.
Soon people.
Soon.
how could you forget Yolanda?!
The State Secrecy report seeks to educate public  officials about adequacy of public disclosure policies in their states
Twitter...why do you mock me?
BostonSportsReport: ESPN roundtable: Expect another big year from Michigan State football
Definitely not!
Veterans 10 off residential power washing in Las Vegas doctorveways garages and homes.
Thank You for keeping us free!
Able and Ready 3253697
Looking forward to it!
Can't wait to tasteandtweet!
its funny, it seems like sum people seen doctorma on sumbody else page, followed me to expect to see sum on mine, but i never wrote any lol
: Did my first video flip!
So proud of my Superstar teacher's efforts!
Follow plz I only got 299 and u need more thank u and tell others to follow me as well plzz
Life Is Not A Competition.
Thank you to all our panelists at the WhatsNewNashville forum!
cool.
I might swing by for a few minutes.
The 3rd Day Of School....
So Tired Right Know:/ Gunna Takke A Shower To Wakke Up
I was a little too emotional tonight.
haveuever said, 'oh my phone broke thats y I dont have ur number anymore' when u know thats a straight up lie
Water crackers, dinner mints, and don't forget the champagne cocktails!
having great success as phx goalie coach
what time u took u nap lol smh
Safe travels and happy Thanksgiving!
CineMeeting2012 LBC thanks for lunch and the good info
RT No, no.
I get it.
You can ignore me, but if i ignore you.
It's a big deal..
he lost?
: dammit
HAHAHAHA I think seeing in his boxers has been the highlight of my night; Thats not weird is it?
xD
Hey  can you add me to the AstroRon list when you get a sec?
Thanks!
No silver bullet to make all our students learn.
I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED TO LEARN THIS.
thanks for promoting my new mixtape!
Tonight!
Conditions, Diamond, Life On Repeat, Late Night Habit, Fixtures Music starts at 6pm 12.00
A Special ChicagoBulls Sketch Writing Inspiration: D.
Rose is injured again and Tom Thibodeau is diagnosed w/ Munchausenbyproxy syndoctorme
Wale, down for whatever.
Yea, there might be problems with this new player.
I'm listening to Deep Tracks on channel 27 and the music keeps cutting out.
I have no plans tmister so I will be in line for hours just to meet the kardashians thats how bored I will be.
Jesus H.
So glad this whole ordeal made it into the public eye.
I AM GOING TO PASS THESE TWO TESTS THIS MORNING!!!
Anyone want to converse??
Its gonna be a good night!!!!!!!
aw yeah, crashing potus fundoctoriser like a boss.
Good news: college grad employment rates are going up in 2012!
Bad news: jobs are mostly in agriculture and engineering.
Oh well.
lmao you funny bro
yes I will email u
doctornking game!
Getting to 1st base or guys taking off shirts...
doctornk!
Its on at 4...
don't judge me
: For lent I'm giving up anything that's dessert!
So for 40 days no sweets for me!!
Someone's gonna be ripped

Me too!
Especially the items from from the FireandIce exhibit!
I have the best moms ever.
3
Man where is at?
found a fart joke in a William Blake poem.
I'm taking the rest of the day off.
Put meat used for stir frying in freezer for 45 min.
to 1 hr.
to make slicing easier.
im dancing to the harry potter dubstep on tuesday at work.
I'm finally getting the tan I wanted
Love is such a strong word lol shut up.
Wishing everyone a Blessed and Happy Easter Sunday!
From your family at Indigo Mortgages.
forget Cenation !
I'm a member of Finknation !
Ladies, if you fill in your eyebrows  they look like lips...START OVER!
You have no idea how excited I am for you to come back to Seattle, even though I just saw you a couple days ago there.
Tasty macrobiotic lunch!
I wasn't sure what I'd think but if it's all that good, I'm a convert!
as always, my friend
more than welcome Pete
I managed to consume a mere 1,000 calories today.
That's two bowls of Special K, a veggie platter and a banana.
Yep.
It has a FLASH!!!!!!
CES2012 RT How does the new PlayFull Dual do in low light situations?
I love flipping through channels on tv their all so different!
Someday will be in charge of all of our Twitter feeds.
Getting ready for the HollandDobbins Little Big Band tonight on the recording stage.
1/2 hr rehearse 8:pm show 8:30.
best jazz ANYWHERE
In the fastpaced world of business, fun  work often seem to be an oxymoron.
Fun should be part of an organizations overall strategy.JW
there is no spoon
They must be checking height and weight on the id's.
These lines are crawling.
8.
Abandonment  email sent x number of hours/day after a visitor has stopped engaging with your company
Dannis Glenn Bish  Memorial Serivce on Tuesday at 10 am at First Baptist Church of Orlando; 3000 S.
John Young Parkway, Orlando, FL...
have fun and be safe : love you both!
Found amazing earrings for my doctorss up holiday party, but they aren't available til January.
Don't you hate when you dating someone  you meet they relative  they look better then the one you talk to.
Lmao
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower.
oh man.
finding dev help would take my stress level down about 10 notches.
Thxs.
Hear you are spoiling the the misses: Well done.
What bug sprays do those of your with sensitive skin and foodallergies suggest?
is at work and ready for the New Year...2010...Twenty Ten!
Thank you for quickly fixing our blown tranformer!
Please follow me and !
Love your application!
Mobile is all about doing more, all of the time
Happy 420 everyone!
That means pants are optional today, right?
ok i'm am going to try to be down there but if not let them know that arieanna did not hit first zoe did
Your about to be in 10th grade.
How can you be so immature?
I posted the link on the last tweet, did it not work?
I can post again.
Its like 100 degrees out!!
I woke up at nine and I still haven't gotten out of bed..
Thanks AJ for the retweet.
You doing ok with school?
Keep in touch I 'm still busy with multiple projects that you can join me
So much to do so little time
now you got the right one lol thanks bud
hey girl
NYU Abu Dhabi...we start the Ahl alBayt conference having hugged all the skyscrapers in town.
Also, I've gained 10 pounds since last night
New York State Business Marketing Network by www.NYConnection.org Bringing Team Players and Strategic Partners To The Table
Can we all pretty much agree turtles are awesome?
I mean seriously, who doesn't love em?
iamChicagoDave thanks for following me on Twitter!
Every child is an artist.
The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.
Pablo Picasso
ok, what happened?
There's always memorial weekend!
I got this!
ha!
got asked if i worked cloud technologies b/c of the co name.
had to laugh when i said i named it b/f there even was a cloud.
Watched this Brit movie Fish Tank last night.
Featured some classic hip hop, the alcoholic mother was dancing to Nas  AZ
sleep well!!
: by the way, I love your twitter icon!
3
As the purse is emptied...
the heart is filled.
poor AJ.
remember the episode vividly where tony grabbed the kid and basically threw him in his closet.
He won't go down without a fight!
I hope Cain can get through this...
Not everything happens for a reason and the sooner you can get that the easier it will be for you to react to things
some of these videos that are liked or commented on, on my twitter,are NOT me!
they are my brother!i dont watch the stuff he does.
: k?
k
Moloka'i: prior to recommendation engine 1020 people added this title per day; after recommend engine: 50  100
NY Jets secondary often looked more lucky than good today.
Bills had FAR to many opportunities.
Finished running :
Good Morning, make it a great day!
RT : Good morning world.
thanks for taking the Distraction Free Fridays pledge Deborah!
Beautiful day to be sitting on the patio at Northside Tavern!
First comes the GRIND, Then comes the SHINE
MoneyTeam moolaboys at the same damn time
Almost time.
RT : Bush was awesome but I'm so ready for u Nickelback cmon
Every time I hear that title, I think it should be called, Breaking Wind.
But that's just me.
Hm...
At least i know you dont know me at all :/ either that or you know not to ask...
I know I can't believe it's almost here!!!
Beyond excited!!!!
hey  be thankful u have AND ur tweeting from it.
thankful PS I miss u girlfriend
Other Tweeps say power out in Alter Hall and Tuttleman too.
Super excited to have the Superbowl in Indianapolis this year.
Who are you rooting for?
we should x3
Im not sure lol two other people own this account too but it might have been
Have not eaten meat since burning man.
Just realized that today.
There was a piece of peperonni once and the occasional bacon; doesn't count
WE all want more people to care.
WE all want weekly sellouts, and WE all want the FO to do a better job.
None are happening.
Good thing, I was getting very cranky with them!
Okay look im honest, girl I cant lie I miss you.
You and the music were the only things that I commit to.
Awesome RT : You're welcome!
I'm a Newark native and I teach there too D
Also to have fun and not afraid.
:
and 3 will ALWAYS be true.
Stanley Black amp; Decker Hardware Home Improvement Group Brands Join HomeSphere  Construction Digital
Can everyone tell me which road they are taking out of obx so I can take the other?
Only 16 more days of school left!!!!!
Good Morning Tea People.
What is Happening?
Three weeks of freedom.
To do list: 1.
Finish masterpiece 2.
find a job 3.
clean apt.
Super lame!
One of our bartender's cars got broken into on her birthday on Sunday.
I hope we catch this asshole.
I wondered how we were going to lose this.
I have faith in Grossman.
Redskins play calling?
Not so much.
I dont need it to be easy I need it to be worth it.
Catsitting for , teaching a class with , doing a couple readings!
Dear Santa: Find a position for neuheisal as a uwhuskies coach...
I was borned on the anniv of titanic, lincoln assassination, and tax day.
urgh..
captainin Horny
says: Never forget the youth and the grass roots to help with acceptance.
Believes socialMedia will be helpful too!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms and moms to be!
:
how did I miss that you were pregnant.
Omg Congrats.
Bundt glazed  ready for transport.
Hilarious!!
Thank you!
Gonna get it
ina weird mood today.
i dont like this.
anyone wanna hang out tonight?
WITZEND has power!!!
Congrats on paying THAT many years worth of taxes!
RT The president sends you a letter of congratulations on your 100th birthday.
Is that you playing on D'Angelo's recording of Funky doctormmer?
While you are in KC, check out , Home of the TopShelf, BottomlessCup, 2nite, doors open 9pm till 3am.
New Format, New DJ's,
Ha!
RT : Jiffy Lube Select RT : Spicy sauteed prawns  roasted snap peas w/ shallots  what wine?
Suggestions welcome.
So nice!
Thank you!!
best news producer in SD!
an plus you guys aren't good at it lol
Don't having a good feeling about this....
Yes.
Yes, it did.
I disagree!
I like the crunch : maybe some potato chips on that pbj....
Joining the reinventlocal event Assembly.
Developers here to support Amex Open event.
Digital Otter here, too.
My daughter an I LOVE when you guest host Chelsea!
We love it even more when you have the animal guy on!!
Fixed ideas are like a cramp in the foot  the best remedy against it is to tread on it.
Justin beiber album is really good
Go Follow for me
Did u make it
what're you doin up at this hour!!
great new mobile app!
thanks, ...
you just made our RECon12 prep a little easier!
2 weeks  yikes!
I know.
It's totally not fair.
They won't get the protection that married couples DO get.
Social security, insurance, etc.
that is because you are awesome.
It's rather cleansing :
Your tweet reminded to me to bring Against Me!
back into the rotation.
Love it...
Have you thought about flowers for your wedding day?
What buds do you want in your bouquet?
did Arbys just fucking tweet you?????
Tomorrow's plan: edit paper and outline another.
That Chevy commercial was fantastic
And there we go!
NASV in full on breakout mode!
Broke that .0125 and .015 hitting now for 177 The market has only been open 8 minutes!!!!!
I'm a daddy again!
Welcome Mason!
Damn near getting in a fight today  this talk with
my ex tyler loves me again 3333 and his new bf craig 00 3
Haa.
Get a room ;
Should I feel guilt celebrating the completion of the 1st year of my PhD program while watching Crossfit Houston folks work their tails off?
Just returned from a meeting.
Always a good time
whats up with the unfollow...is this a game ?
If u don't count Fallon/CapitalOne running 3x normal : RT :  only actress w/ 3 natl TV ads active right now?
just listened to mansbestfriend 6 radioactive rain.
My face melted.
Amazing.
why do u wish u could date a youtuber :p
Feel fortunate to have had some time with today, who delivered a bangup Breslauer Lecture here at UCLA.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength.
Henry Ward Beecher
we appreciate it!
I love 2 cook...
Hrs: 7 days a week 10am to 2pm till the Summer heat relaxes then we'll expand hours....
7421 West Lake Mead 89128
sounds like a cop.
Code Year is like my weekly alarm clock of shame.
lol nigga I'm not even understanding anything you're talkin about honestly like what are you even talkin about lol
Congrats!!!
RT : thanks!!!!
BTW MY BOOK IS AVAILABLE in paperback on AMAZON.com and BARNESANDNOBLE.com!!!!
Well I think it was a RW one
Metra bringing the peace back......
Or is it fear?
Look on/ like LOVEVOODOO community facebook page for pics...
Working on announcements for the website and another HUGE featured event is in the works.
Trying to put it together.
Stay tuned.
Wow.
LiesIveToldMyParents naw I don't got no money
SO true
I'm really bored but good lol
oh ok
NowWatching Hey Arnold :
I found out the unit rate of one can from the6 some one owes me 0.23
Well it was wishful thinking but I would've loved seeing Barron in the green and gold.
Do u sell ur book in electronic format?
: To me the Bible is not God, but it is Gods voice, and I do not hear it without awe.
I know I miss you too :
Rich in the mind pay that shit.
I am so sad to hear this.
: : Forest.
Good question.
Cannot reach him, myself.
: miss him and worried.
i try to care about my friends and you guys give me shit...
i've just been so sensitive to what's being said lately and idk..
Antsy to finish up things for the fall garden.
Summer has just about petered out and I want my organic, freshfromthegarden veggies!!
...
oh lol : well, i hope you enjoy the show :D
We're stoked on it too!
Such good things on the horizon!
I thank the Tweets who pledged support to during my twohours of support for Up To Date and Here  Now.
Nice job.
Follow the Very Sexy
oh WEGNER makin funnies!
What's going on dude, how ya been lately?
Please use your leadership to help pass a bipartisan transportation bill.
Use the Senate bill!
it got started cause pammy told me to suck her dick...
and then I just came back at her and it never ended
Most people are really nice.
Target has like super honest customers and then epically dishonest ones.
Well Clippers Pissed Me Off Cp3 Had a Bad Game
Remember: when talking about the Arthurian mythos, the history of modern fan fiction well applies.
Thanks for the RT.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Add some fresh salsa to all of your meals today.
It tastes great, and contributes to your vegetable count for the day.
ha!
intelligence is a rare, rare thing these days.
Our server is undergoing maintenance.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
One day in the future the Orioles are going to have this ridiculous fielding 3B, and it's going to feel awesome.
!
Avid cookout May 19th be their or be Sqaure !
for sure!
thank you!
This is the first song I ever heard by the Beastie Boys!
RIP MCA!
As soon as we walk into our house mom calls: youngest brother spent all day in emergency room.
Seriously.
I'm afraid to go on with this day.
Hi, everybody!
Finally getting a chance to check in after a great week of ISTEP!
love you anyhow lol we will see you again soon we were the organizatio sitting in front of you Tues night just asking 4 follow ;
Thanks for the RTs
Just had a lovely time spending my voucher Thank you!
a pat on the shoulder for who
The week is flying by QUICK!
All she want some heal money.
I deleted a certain someone off my facebook, and now it's starting to get comical.
The beauty behind Broadway!
Watching MFC online, wish I could be there!
that is a problem, but i like ur attitude about detroit and that letter u put in front of it.
next time
Wrap up comments from Mike Myer, editor of The Intelligencer and moderator of Thursday's gubernatorial debate held in Wheeling follows:
No Son, a frame is a selfholding device that can often stand, or lean and even hang all on its own.
Sweet!
Can't beat all this sunshine.
I've been out hiking every day!
:
you'll make new bunny friends quickly, I promise!
Find me and say hi!
RT : Quirks, flaws, imperfections, scars...realize YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL, just as you are.
I like Doris Burke.
ducks
Think iam having a panic attack.
love you too!
Miss you girl :
RIP Steve Jobs.
You certainly changed the world.
is this how its supposeeddd to be?
We're at a crossroads...what do you think the hot color for Spring/Summer is going to be?
Went to bed thinking the house was pretty cold..though it is always cold.
Wondering how the thermostat got set to below 60.
Took a risk to meet with others, their support made his idea take off.
Rain rain go away!
face palm RT lindseymdwenger Lookin up portable beer pong tables for our dorm room lolz
Likewise, maybe I should check to see if any for professort entity will make money from the monument?
Have you voted yet today?
I wanna go to Monterey soon.
Hit the beach and get some clam chowder.
This cafe is on fire.
It played Curtis Mayfield's Move on up, now it's Wilco's Forget the Flowers.
I'm never going to leave.
JodyAnne Maxwell was the first Jamaican and nonAmerican to win the Scripps National Spelling Bee competition in 1998.
She was 12 yrs old.
yo are you still followin people or am i late
I would just really appreciate it if you would leave me alone.
That's too bad.
BTW, I ran into Mark Dohn here at the cue12 keynote.
Headed to Hardee's to get a biscuit for !: Atlanta...here we come !:
Me:  wake up O MY GOD I HAVE BEEN SHOT Mom: stop complaining you can barely see it......

just swapped.
First room some unexplained DC EMF.
Moving AC EMF.
Did EVP session.
Kid.
Fighting outside interrupted us.
girl you are so awesome!!
thank you!!
shadoobie, my brain's been battered
You are correct.
We apologize.
It's difficult to relay pertinent info in 140 characters or less.
We will repost the correct info!
who me?
haha im just messin bruh lol but it's all on my TL, just ease up for me!
Txt the girl
TRAFFIC: Crash  SB Gammon rd near Woodmans  blockage/delays
Its the weekend, time to Get Stinky!!!!
Hope you all have a good one!!!
seriously the best goaltending I have seen in a long time
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT SEX, LIES AND VIDEOTAPE, KEVIN
Okay, I just saw the tweet about brown and blue.
You win.
Thank you for the RT
have you seen the new greenery on the Highline??
Looks nice
Never know with this social media thingy...
no you
Time for TriviaTuesday warm up!
Which True Blood star appeared in Gaga's Paparazzi music video?
So happy for the company where you will be working.
Lucky company.
Congrats to both of you.
so where ur new man at?
Lmao
It's also opening night for new production of
Make sure to check performing this Friday at Shopping Festival at 12 pm
bout to snuggle up in my comfy bed w/ all these pillows  blankets nightttty night
oh wow, both, I started loving the counter top appliances then I moved to the range, its great!
whowouldyourather get locked in a hotel room with or ??
Thunder I heard it.
I was doctorving and saw the lightning too.
Flash 1 2 BOOM!
But it's rare out here so we get jazzed easy.
;
let's buy nick's nest
Befuddled by bookkeeping?
Questions about quickbooks?
Ask away!
I'm here to help :
bout dam time!!!
Get on there too : we'll make good musick!!
: www.thelaststrawrocks.com
When a friend stops texting you and you really need them.
Sucks...
Operation: Dvine Intervention begins now.
Bout to brush my hair like Im Chicago from Poetic Justice for the next 12hrs
Prez Obama joking at WH Correspondents Dinner, I have to get the Secret Service home in time for their new curfew.
South Loop is a great up and coming neighborhood for Columbia students!
Black and white with straps or navy blue and white with sleeves?
Awesome: is planning to graph book chapters by things like language density, pacing
Plan B, now to 9:30pm is happy hour.
so come be happy.
Aw, thank you.
So true!
RT Interestingly in re Q6, hardly any of my library learning is from peerreviewed library journals.
Life will bring you curve balls / just have a good eye like in baseball and wait for your pitch
Setting up EMC Atmos, and Commvault, tonight.
Monday Backup ExecTwinstrata CloudArray to Atmos.
Thanks for the Help this week
Celebrating a birthday!
Party Follow me maybe?!
Can't thank you enough for the recommendation!
Looking forward to doctornking inside of you after the show is done.
OH WELL FUCK IT!
ITS PROMISING!!!
Hey Caps fans!
Can I join either of you for your gamewatching plans?
Man I wish I could be as classy as some of the kids I got to school with, I need some baby phat and south pole gear.
Amare was mad cause them braids too tight..
You know how hard it is to grab them edges when you braiding some short hair?!?!?
The etrade baby commercials are so cute
Time to rescue and get back to the jokes.
You two make the best NYE hosts!
More details regarding .NET positions left you in Meetup message
How long would Karzai last/live as Afghan president if U.S.
pulled out and when the Taliban sweep in like knats?
O good luck on that one buddy lol
I get all the news I need from the weather report.
I can gather all the news I need from the weather report.
My mom said i look 11 today
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
awakemys0ul Thanks!
Who's your favourite band?
Bout to go all Kanye on T Swift on these awards I'mgoingtoletyoufinish
I give up on this stupid essay!
Good Morning everyone!
Let's Make it a Great One!
lol what bout Juno
4 years ago I started my job at champion...
Only to leave for a year and be right back working with them again this year
Just got part of my tax return back, watch out
Wtf I missed Bon Jovi...don't hate and a 19 year old called me fat...
should of worked!
Feeling better?
I just saw an Outback Steakhouse commercial and I thought of Andoctorw Bogut.
Good luck Aussie
Jeff!
Good to hear from you!
Glad to reconnect.
Be sure sure to check me out on facebook and see pics of my brand new baby boy
Holy crap I'm so dizzy.
I just hit my head on the wall ahahah
At Home: Oh.
It's raining.
At School: HOLY Shizzcakes IT'S RAINING!!
The embarrassing moment when you fall and everyone including your teacher is laughing.
We did it!
Both Portland  Vancouver are both at 60  first time in 2012!
heard they get paid more if they can spin
I've waited my entire life for the day someone mentions me and anything from Alan Thicke's body of work in the same breathe...
we need to talk
Open Mic signups are now!
Show starts at 7pm Come jam, or simply hang out and enjoy the tunes!
w/
haha u should stop by like soon meaning today!
It is national teachers appreciation day.
I am grateful 4 many of the teachers I have had  4 many of the teachers my childoctorn have had.
Busy weekend...party tonight, Femfessional's event tomorrow w/ Pliners, then another party, then setting up a booth at a car show Sunday!!
Averages are a poor measure of this sort of thing anyway.
Easily skewed by outliers.
What I want to see are medians...
currently.
changing relationship status.
GET OUT TO VOTE today.
If you have problems at the polls call 1 866 OUR VOTE
Whiskey Priest wit my main man
Let my love adorn you
TaughtsAtWalmart now you know they got food stamps stepping out the house at 2pm with holes in they pj's  hair nappy buying shrimp haha
Kevin Love makes my dog grawl!
yes : I was in the lobby for an attempted one!
Thanks for RTing Lauren!
once again, the price of change is paid on the bodies of women.
Why do people get shocked when I say 'Hold on, let me check my calendar'
Good Morning Baltimore!
Time is today's word!
Time waits for no one.
Seize the opportunity when it presents itself it may never come again!
Because obtaining the privilege of someone trusting your product will sell for them is very difficult.
I've tried for 7 years!
1D fans: stop freaking, please.
1D deserves more fans icarly will be a bridge to that.
Be happy for 'em like suggests!
:
Good morning, loves!
It ain't the sunny spring day promised, but I'm holding out for spring weather soon, and getting my wardoctorbe ready!
happy oatmeal muffin day
I'm so totally loving this!
It's beyond EXTRA quiet in my house right now and I'm going to bed!
nogrets on this choice night.:
Follow me babe : i love you!!!
Come to Mexico?
With Alex
Happy Saturday everyone!
Its gorgeous outside in DCnot so in the nation's Midwestwatching storms out there.
Heading into cctvamerica ltr.
Please post the link.
Always interested in new 1:1 ideas.
the automatic freshaner in this house gets me everytime....
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
BSB  Final: St.
Ignatius 19  Sacred Heart Cathedoctorl 8.
SI will play Valley Christian in semifinals.
wcalplayoffs via
you want to paint the fence?
That can be arranged
As hell.
Better east this pussy  LOVE it.
Hmph!
lOl!
May the 4th be with you!
:
I will!
I should probably straighten my hair so it won't be such a bitch to do in the morning.
Good A.J.
shows up and we're goin' back to the Bronx.
Good handwriting, mister Census taker!
500,000 cells in the stomach lining are replaced every minute.
The entire lining is replaced every three days.
Very cool film, Il Postino.
These are apparently conceptual shorts based not on the poet's lives, but on specific collections.
I'm a heat hater too.
Tweets and retweets from are blowing up my feed.
Thanks for the feedback.
Glad you enjoy them!
:
Oklahoma Home Repair 8212597 Visit oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for our educational post on home insulation.
.
.
or just call us!
YEAH!!!!!!Its nail time1 ;D
So does this mean celebratory dinner this weekend??
Or are you gonna be MIA again?
id love to go see it!
was it good man?
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Sun Tzu
RT The pelvicfloor  diaphraghm are BFFs They move together  support our center together.
Yezzir..
Let's make it happen.
cvcouncil CM Castaneda: W side res r generational CV.
E side res avg 56 yrs CV.
How 2 create identy for CV 2 b homeforlife for new res
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep  not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
hey!
if you're in NYC don't forget about us as your 1 place for computer fixing!
So proud of the lil bro he washed the dishes and put the toilet seat down after he peed..
tear he's growing up
What was once up, must now hang down.
Don't let what you do define you, define what you do.
This week is gonna be the worst :
haha jet leg is real my legs are killing me
Authors :: Is Indie Better or Is Traditional Publishing Better?
Must It Be Either/Or?
I swear I can never just be happy, in either have to be angry or sad.
To learn basic music reading, listening skills.
Teamwork/community.
And so you eventually have adults to be in choirs.
:
Puppy power!
And Brownie's head didn't explode on the call, either.
If it makes you feel better you're probably going to get Deron which would help with the retooling.
Everything i says isn't funny HahahaHahaha
Our relationship was built on lies all lies nothing else
No shame in celebrating the strengths you have
Vodka tampons kinda night?
my best friend
To my exgirlfriend : Gotye  Somebody that I used to know.
BTW I HATE YOU.
Hey Twitter Go like baby on youtube b4 it gets deleted dontdeletebaby do it for
Looking for 1 million people to join our Facebook group, The 1 Million Facebook Experiment.
Go to Facebook and join now!
Tweeterpalooza!
This Thursday!
I think we have your information right?
For CSI: MIAMI, I'd say this case...is closed.
Ah, but Chantastic isn't so bad, is it?
Kind of catchy!
:x
That was rude...
Cleaning.
It's what we do.
Try to become the company that puts you out of business Ken Chenault
hahahaha!
Yeah I do, sorry!
It's just so good!
One of my favorites for sure!
Make your viddy something sexy.
Whatever it is you know we're gonna love it 3 :
Today is a bit cooler in Seattle.
I'm really enjoying the beautiful weather :
Going to CES?
will be there.
Let us know if you want to connect to discuss social experience integration!
getting ready to start the hot oil treatment!
wish me luck...
hopefully i don't come out with a jheri curl.
A2: nope  but I have friends to whom this has happened; VERY tough in a small market too....
I ain't sharing this thing on my Fb anymore.
I will compell me to get out more...
virtually.
:
EVERYBODY I  FOLLOWS BACK ASAP GO GO GO GO BACK TO MY LAST TWEETS 
YES....BLOCKED FG!!!
Be Successful In Your Business
JCI early table of contents for April 30, 2012
U thirsty?
Here is a cup of whoop ur ass...
it's been a year since all of my money got stolen, im still the happiest I've ever been in my life these days
RT : Live up to greatness.
Education is the solution.
Only the educated are free.
CGI Made me think about
With a Doubt: Dats What FrontLin3 Do...
So did we.
The best things are impromptu.
Great seeing you, Looking so forward to Jan 15
we're cord cutters and would love to watch you online.
Until then it's live stream.
Yes...
mm 279 would be just east of CC where SR 260 starts to climb up the Rim, very near Colcord Road.
Thank you universe for all that you give me.
Even the stale donuts.
I'm grateful
We39;re about to head downtown for sound check , whose comin tonight to get down with the get down?
16 more days and like half my followers leave eastwood!
:/ and ive never met them!
doctor erase markers better
RT : I might have to attend a few of these events.
Thanks for posting about it !
's on a panel?...
I can't see emojis
Take chances in life, alot of them!!
No matter where you end up and with whom, it always ends up exactly the way it should be !
3

Gemini is definitely able to separate sex, love, flings, and real relationships.
Did u know?
Reuben Armstrong Snakes In The Pulpit Author Requests Judge To Order HIV And STD Testing For Bishop Eddie Long
Couldn't stop laughing after True Blood, and Aras and Leyla looked at me like I was nuts.
oops
Avenir is the Futura of the future.
RT if you can't sleep
I am so fired up to get I may go UK shaved in my hair tonight!
Good morning, all.
Sun is shining, coffee is hot, and dogs are snoring.
Of course, they got us up at 5:00 AM, so I should be snoring, too.
When tiny kids stare at you
it's ok man we all get served at some point
TheBrassyBite.com ...
Coming Soon.
doing homework., about to get up w/my cousin visiting from out of town, ready to do the unthinkable, hehehehehe!
later tweeties, muahhh!
God is so so so so so so so so Good !
what a great game!
Hope you all had a blast!
Yo...I just sent you like 5 joints homes.
thank you!!
Us cows are not so good at math.
:/
Prayers are going out to everyone in Japan!
I voted!
what happened to the hashtag macombtraffic???
Please walk your dogs on the grass, not on the sidewalks  too hot for their footpads.
its okay that your short just embrace it we all still love u!!
Family is not an important thing, it's everything.
Michael J.
Fox
idk, it just seems so beautiful there, you know!
hey lady, miss you and hope all is well....
Sorry I've been such a stranger lately.
:/5
oh you gave him the sarcastic word gotcha lol
ha!
Hilarious!
Can't wait to see you play tonight in Wrigley!
I'll be rocking my Cards gear with pride!
I was almost asleep at 9pm EST tonight so I'm living on bonus time, right?
ChemSPider ended up on Leigh Watson Healy's chart right knowledge,right time.
Close to Google and F100 on the plot.
I'll that that!
I'm pretty sure crayons are not an acceptable form of makeup.
Your face looks like a rainbow lollipop.
im ready to leave but thats always a production.
If you ever start taking things too seriously.
Just remember that we are talking monkeys, on a organic spaceship flying though outer space.
youhero.
i swoon.
thx!!!!
xoxo to anne z.
did you guys go to the library today in english?
follow back hun!
tomorrow the trucks will be at coral springs.
2855 Coral Springs doctor 124pm
Goaaalll!
USA scores stunning last minute winning goal to advance in the World Cup!
just got off the phone with a lil while ago she so silly, met her at round of applause video casting...
aren't we all :
The same DJ that's performed with Lil Wayne early on in the BET Awards is performing next with doctorke and Tonight  Playhouse...DJ KHALED!!
Thanks Brett!
Will send later this week.
you only dip once?
oh my god becky look at her butt TUNCHEI!
RT : Oh, we all know a douchebag named Tyler.
Hey !
I haven't been able to sleep for 10 days, can you come back to work please?
The 11 are my bed time stories.
Ya think Charlie Crist wishes he'd resisted the '5rill,baby,
Thanks to Everyone that came out to the 5 Spot last night!!
Great show!!!
Money over everything money on my mind!!
Don't wait to be creative...create now!
Floyd Mayweather just be
New site launches tomorrow!
Can't wait!!
:
Haha!
It's OK, I brought a sleeping bag.
Keep it classy in Edison tmisterow, don't do anything I wouldn't do.
YEA
Close game Clippers need to step up
Reminded tonight how my dad impacted my life in such a great way!
Hope to touch just a portion of the lives he did!
Pinky toe is not, as far as I can tell, broken but it sure hurts like hell.
its snowing here
Great!
Did you enjoy yourself?
I just undertook a big mining project myself last night to build up the list of those I'm following so I'm glad it helped!
I just texted you
Toured the lovely studios today in Pasadena.Thanks Nick Roman  Patt Morrison!
Fitness 30min interval training weekly can spike your metabolism and improve your health
Bout to take sum pics wit and get in da pool
Great i lost my phone!
And my friend is suppose to find out how much 1D tickets are for there next tour!
:'
It's an unspoken/written L.A.
traffic law that 2 cars get a turning into traffic hallpass when a light turns red.
Not 5.
Really?
wassup baby girl?
Am I still allowed 2 call u that lol since u know u grown now!!
Im soo proud of u for being a good momma
Today was amazing....
So glad it's the weekend.
Thanks to everyone who said I did good in the talent show.
:D
i think i'm losin' it, i think i'm losin' it...
Started the night by getting cold decked.
Stuck it out and left 600 winner.
Weights and then relaxing outside.
Best February 29 in at least 4 years.
thank god for good directions
This game almost gave me a heart attack!!!!
GO REBS RT Moser, No.
14 UNLV get past No.
13 San Diego St fb.me/12I1c8v7Y
Helping his own cause.
// RT Mark Buehrle gets into the act.
RBI single to right makes it 60
IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'd write a terrible song about it a la Barenaked Ladies
sitting at home
This nigga must be out his rabbit ass mind
1 DAY TO GO for FREE TANS!
On March 12th ANYONE can TAN in a UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE that day!
MYSTIC TANS 10 each!
loved the interview re: occupywallstreet ; a democratic awakening indeed owl.li/6JOgl
Thanks so much for following!
: Tony Parker scoring at willI told you he would
These good people are attending this year!
Are you?
, , , ,
okay okay!
I'll talk to my mom when I get home!!
Because I really want to come!
MTV World Stage Taylor Swift
40 handling charge for a snowboard bag?
Are you serious United???
will there be feed of the presentation?
OUCH!
I just layed my hand down on my very hot curling iron!
Pain.
Facebook.
We know its the devil.
But if youre already in hell, why not join us!
Do you really care?
It's Don doctorper!
Urethra Franklin
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
Benjamin Disraeli 
Don't forget this Sunday is Campus Work Day from 13pm.
Feel free to doctorss casually for church.
Bring gloves, tools etc.
your guilt  for punishing?
yea  that's tough
KeyKEY Was Here Follow Me At BossyAssKELO
58 of Americans take between 2 months to a year to fall in love.
90 of Lithuanians take just one month!
I'm so happy to see him again
How about Comfort Station?
lol the hell?
I've never even spoke to him and I reply to a tweet I saw of his once and he blocks me?
Not cool!
Honestly I can't wait till Justin's like 24, he's gonna be doing some rated r thangs, and making us jizz our pants, lmfaoo.
But i'm so lazy
Love you!
3 RT : musicmonday do it cause their boss as fuuuckk.
RT : Home Town?
Clone Town?
What choices will you make today?
Support local independent business.
Make an effort.
Hey, Essie polish lovers: The Winter Collection is in!
Woohoo!
Hey and , is it safe to doctornk a DietDoubleDew before bed?
I'm tired of people calling me crazy!..im not freaking crazy!!
my parents threw all mine away and accused me of smoking pot.
story of my life
Omg I just saw that yesterday lol so funny!
Maybe I need a better disguise?
Work as though you dont need the money.
Dance as though no one is watching you.
Love as though no one is watching you.
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend.
I'm sure you have lots of fun things planned!
FF : thanks so much.
Hope to tweet with u later ;D
Working hard to bring you all more Book Blog goodness for tomorrow.
me and my coworkers having trouble seeing your live webcast today...
Just left the book signing for  ..
Was a pleasure ladies can't wait for the new book!!
Every time I see the word believer I wan to say
thanks for the follow!
Me and you together nothing is better...
SetFireToTheRain ADELE :D
this seems like the plot of a movie...like The Proposal.
Except ur not my boss...
And I pretty much just wanna go to Disney
Stealing 's photo to boost your own web site's traffic, ?
Males are so weird
HA!
what are they saying?
: Watching Clippers Live...
And these analysts are making up all types of excuses for the Clippers.
Hill is accused of chocking a family member back on Feb.
29.
If convicted, he faces up to 10 years in prison.
Definitely a gift.
I am still so proud of him!
My institution is always right
What a great night last night!
Thanks to all who came to the shows INCLUDING THE PENTHOUSE RADIO!
Has it been that long?!
Hahaha!
Thanks!
Hope your week goes well :
Follow for me please she follows back
That was probably the dumbest twitter argument I've ever seen.

God weed, white wine.
Oy!
Love Penelope Cruz's doctorss!
The color is divine.
Adding LVS to our list of clients.
Will send company info to Talent in the monthly NL.
Need you to handle requests.
What's your favorite Easter candy?
Debra Gil and I are partial to the Cadbury Creme Eggs.
M!
Stephen Colbert kills it: superPAC love for , book launch w late Maurice Sendak, doctorgwar is the New Jim Crow.
they probably don't care either that's thing!
Everyone was an annoying freshmen at one point or another.
It's a rite of passage.
its him if its him
I know buddy.
We ended up taking baby water last year as the supermarket in Reno didn't have normal water left !!
Well this is interesting...
I just paid my first real bill.
Ah I'm not ready to grow up 
Really need this skin to get crispy.
Come on piggy, piggy, piggy!
i doubt youll see this but if u do can u please follow me back 3
the sorry ass vow lol..
i'm telling you any movie but romance is a go!
Only some are good, SOME.
I totally paid 6 dollars to watch neversaynever on demand and it was AMAZE!!
I agree
A fool gives full vent to his anger, but a wise man keeps himself under controlProverb
okay good.
Cause people would be upset but whatever lol.
HAPPY EASTER 
Aussie accent comes in handy for voiceover session at Cityvox NYC today.
Try to stay more focus on what you want to have plan starting from thinking about the next day and continue to keep that mindset
RT : everyone follow and peep out they are networking with me it's fair you check them out
I'm Good
Hahaha I'll change it.
I don't want mister.
Brownback on our case.
She scares me sometimes O.o
you will get a car one of these days ;
I miss  Are you back in town yet??
there you Go w.
That nasty ahh song :
I think the use of Twitter during class is generally different than its use outside of class.
Different goals, often.
Corey, its the paper checks I have to take to the bank that I hate.
I spent 45 mins downtown depositing 1 check.
Grr..no lunch for me
finally the weather in tejas is getting a bit more festive!
i just followed for u...
Can't wait until tomorrow I'm going out.
The day I have been doctorading is here.
Fuck this day!
Still feeling sick y god y?!?
I don't understand
lmao...what's the purpose of working out if you eat junk food?
what is up..lol
You can buy bonus features from my tits
Cool followed me ill have to thank her at school tomarrow!:
Unfortunately, this can happen to those who are Warnerless.
: you're not having enough fun.
this needs to be remedied.
U CUDDLE AT NIGHT ITS A FRESH WEEK DO SUM N NEW LIKE GET MONEY DAT NEVER GET OLD
Aye where yo BOSS  fam...
i don't deal w/ workers...
Cake cake cake cake cake leads to ass ass ass ass ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS!
free as in the sun, moon, stars, air....?
No, sorry
I think that's part of my motivation to make art  write songs, take pictures, keep a journal.
To memorialize the moment.
I want to go to a country music awards show so bad!
Hey gang!
Check out buddy Phil Savell's band The Fall Risk at 5pm EST on gdoctordio.net...then head to jedluckless.tv for Phish Bowl at 8pm!
What's Instagram?
Just curious.
Did you hear Colfax Elementary School yesterday?
They were our featured Glee Club for the first day of our Gleeful Week in May.
But that's tweets, not people.
Why is there a harp?
Tried to add something to a shopping cart 3 times and the site deleted it from the cart.
I guess they don't want my business.
what about malicehale?
Ravenous.
FIDI best watch out.
And recommendations?
I'm a creature of habit and could use some new grub!
Chapter 6 is part of the exam, as is 7, 8, and 9 and associated readings.
Listen to Kate :
OMG!
I just saw the world most DoucheBagiest person i've EVER seen in my effin LIFE!!
OMG!!
I'm passing stories down about this guy!
Well so much for that, 'Down for maintenance until 4pm on May 11th' notice for my plan on the mlanet12 online planner?
I think I'm the only person who doesn't have an instagram.
.
One reading of ULY merely made me curious about what I missed.Don
Hey people!!
I Want Chips ;
yea u betta doctorft better
i'm not afraid of anybody, i'll say whatever i want.
forget you meany D:
aww.
We would have lived to have been a part.
Hope it went well.
Thank you RP!
:
imitating people with ugly voices is the best loll
Well I certainly picked a royal day to be born!
: Birthday gin.
ginoclock queensbirthday
I hear you were deeply offended by my tickling of the ivories.
All apologies.
Just launched a twitter page for one of our clients, check it out ZBESTBBQ
I won't lie ...
all day I thought the was talking about making Robot Pandas.
It's gotta be Weaver, Greenberg, or Foster....right?
Good Morning!
Hope you are all keeping safe.
What is going on with this crazy weather in the US this year??
yah cuz best believe if they dont understand u they're not gonna appreciate u, then sht just goes downnhill.
Refer a staffing company or PEO and earn 50.00 for each with our affiliate program
There always seem to be these monumental studies and books that are referenced frequently and I always have to dig them up
Today is going to be a nice day in the A....
also Ryan Braun is huge and is one of the best hitter in the game
LOL ah , I love how you make a twitter post by The Strokes into a fullfledged news article.
Great workout today with squad.
Had 3 players with impressive stats in our LivingByNumbers program doctorlls.
I just called you and confronted you.
You didn't complain then!
free food!!
The coffee is half off haha.
You should totally stop by and get some coffee soon!!
you were nice to me in French today so......
i think it's like yahtzee?
O.o RT: The only reason i'll wear my abaya is because i'll go out with my pj 
Why vampires shouldn't keep diaries: you're still around when your grandnephew finds it and turns it into a TV show
RT : Who's ready for MNF?
Get those bartab doctornks flowing and stop by your nearest venue!
Man I love football and a good doctornk!
Dallas bound today!
Peace out
yeah I just got that bored one day
RT : Mitt Romney is in a pretty good mood for someone in a dead heat with an insane dude in a sweater vest.
get a ticket and i'll make Loren take you!
to serial comma or to not serial comma?
that is the question.
Now , that it's getting hot in Chicago .
Imma Fuck On The Beach lol ..
idk North Ave OR Oak !
lol
Great Hyundai acceptance speech commercial.
Well done.
These ol bonz gathr no dust I came 2 the party an I had 2 bust Got tha party flavors n the rollin supply Kickd in the door an kickin it live
thanks for the support!
Anyone having trouble with Twitter interactions/mentions?
I'm getting email alerts but nothing on Twitter.
better than a poke in the eye
Check the records!
Unbreakable Entertainment has been had the A on locked since yall was shitting in yalls diapers!!
Hyyy My Followers:
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year full of progress  prosperity for all of the USA's neighborhoods.
Call me maybe just got played at
i cant wait for Taylor's 2nd performance coming up!!!
on campus this morning  sad to not have coffee with my
Antipeople mechanisms!
Snapped in Paris.
To deter the homeless  and skateboarders too, obviously...
www.survivalgroup.org/antisite.html
Bad news, the guy in the seat next to me on the plane wants to chat.
Good news, I have no problem telling him to go fuck himself.
We will be providing weekly updates with new pictures, events  show information for this fall schedule...
Dear boys, if you don't look like Calvin Klein Models, don't expect us to look like Victorias Secret Angels.
Could really use a beer awkward that i have class in a few, so it must wait.
Coffee until.
So the only question is where to put it ...
Oh, and afterwards call me.
Often!
WhyDoiAlways find myself playing with my balls randomly, when I'm watching tv?
Lbvs
Congrats!
I have 3 of my own.
My wife wanted to give me another for Christmas, but couldn't wait.
Nice to have u in Vegas too.
The first YouTube video was uploaded 7 years ago today!
You are crazy...ROFL...RT wheneverimbored I sit back and watch albino midget porn then beat it like it owe me money
Yeah, you'd think Lovett would have better taste but cute young things have a way of blocking reason.
So much work to do...
it is making my head spin.
I need food...
dinner?
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
Today's fruits  Veggies cane from Catch 21 Restaurant in Northridge, California.
They have 2 cups of greens  any veggies you want on top!
Crackle nail polish?
How about wisconsin swiss cheese nail polish?
is a freak in the sheets.
Laguna Beach raises concerns on SONGS nuclear future.OCRegister Between radioactive waste storage, fault line debated evacuati plan,
we're just here a few days, leaving Friday morning :
I don't want friends really...nothing personal.
Just my personal decision.
Sitting here in the tutoring room trying to earn hours...
why she crying?
Today's BTU inspiration: You cannot find peace until you find all the pieces.
Troy Dunn
Didn't know u de facebooked me as friends lol.
I didn't know ppl still do that esp if they have no reason lol.
Take care!!
Can I just say...
I just died.
Asdfghjkl;
Ew.
Old people and parents annoy me.
You don't even understanddddddddduhh
yeah we do are y'all goin in the big gym or the practice one
lmfaoo thats Funny because Just a few fucking days ago he was asking for a chance hunny ; soo stfu!
we will definitely posted on our website
well duh!!!
RT Our fantasy football doctorft this year is going to be full of I'll take ...
wait, who does he play for again?
Thanks.
Somewhere in suburban Detroit.
Tomorrow at 12.
FB hopes to own all digital photo production and sharing.
That's the play.
That'd be huge.
Seva?
Call me.
Have a good night
she's dopegirl!she can smoke a pound in a single bound!
Every celebrity who appears in one of those new ads is permanently on my list.
As are the marketing execs who conceived them.
please follow me
Yeah, no joke, that poor guy is like technologically impaired, or something.
A monkey with a banana
lol or were u just being a whore..
Umm
Are you guys having any specials on Saturday to celebrate MKEDAY??
Let us know!
Storebought chicken wings ranked Yahoo.com
Have a good weekend!
CRAP!
I need more followers so I can follow more people that's following me...confused?
Me too.
So follow me!
Please.
LOL!!
I'd like to say I'm interested but am too self conscious about my writing.
I'd be the worst.
Commvault signs my paychecks, but my opinions on Twitter and other social media are entirely my own.
ah!!!!
Wow that's what's up girl!!!!!!
Tell him I said what's up!
Do your thang girl
10 a day for a day pass but head to www.anytimefitness.com and get a one week free pass to try it out!
Whos staying up all night on fb?!!
What is happening?
There no humidity, it's overcast and like 74 degrees...
In GA...
In July...
4 p.m!
A merely fallen enemy may rise again, but the reconciled one is truly vanquished.
Hvnt been on My privat 4 a while and srry bout less tweeting on my Verified aswell.
Been real busy lately.
i'm starting to doze off
I LOVE YOUR professorLE PICTURE
:   Have a great holiday!!
Never had an appletini.
Plenty of IPAs in grad school.
the 7 professor i'm out with right now are all on craft cocktails
Wondering why I haven't tweeted for so long.
yeah if you call them ask them if they are selling VIP and UVIP next saturday
they like 9 from NY..
Full on
: your questions crack me up sometimes...lol.
glad u enjoy them :
Today marks the 6th anniver.
of my sister's murder by her husband.
Join my FB group Stop Domestic Violence  Lisa's Page to raise awareness.
Lets get another WIN tonight Cardinals!!
Budweiser vs.
Miller Lite....
Only 244 days until Christmas!
those are to die for cute!
And instead of helping her make the bed he got mad and left to go down stairs
hello.
your a poser.
woof to you.:P
NO chance The Artist isn't the winner of Best Original Score.
It's a bit slow for the first 89 episodes but then it really starts to pick up!
Stick with it!
my professorssor wife has an intern: me.
Besides, i don't trust anyone else with the grill.
Marris's in Morgantown is indubitably a Bodega.
Incredibly old goods.
fried.com lmao another crazy ass night 4 Da books
DYK?
Esther Rolle Actress, was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
If you say the word 'vibe' and ANYTHING ending in the suffix 'ista' in the same sentence, I will vomit on your expensive shoes.
How much do I love the song Milk  ask my Iphone repeat button, he'll tell ya.
I would assume the good and reschedule.
The guy I like, always likes someone else!
Which iPad case do you have?
Would you recommend it?
I'm shopping for one for our new company iPad!
So, never texted me.
o.o
Today's Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are carrot ginger soup and potato leek soup.
Sugar free lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
I don't have access to Win8.
Maybe one of the devs will reply on GS who have access to Win8.
Sorry I couldn't help :
not annoying at all.
Gotta vote for Tony Luca all the way!!!
U need to go 2 for 2!!!
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 24
anyone else tearing up over
so it's been 24 hrs.
I win.
End of convo.
:
NBA Coach Donnie Nelson got his degree in Physical Education today...WOW!
Who knew all you needed was a hs diploma to coach in the NBA.
This week will be a busy week for InGenious Clothing Co.
Boom 
I hate pork but my dad continues to make it for dinner..
What would you like to hear on future PatCast's?
What would you like to see on our blog?
Looking for feedback and ready to make new changes.
Brian Beaulieu, Ecotrends, talking about actionable economics and what today's economy means to CEOs in CLT
Two new client meetings this week!
Ted is the New Business Development employee of the month!
love your tweets!
love your facebook more!!!!
do you have blank intern eval forms?
Liz said u scanned them for her a while back?
Amazing grace how sweet the sound.
I come and lay my burdens down.
Without vision the people perish.
Proverbs 29:18 What's your vision????
Setting some new goals  just achieved another one!
zip em up!
Avengers Reaction 1: Took the potential of Whedonconcept and ran with it.
Was all I dig about both with few of the failings I'd feared.
Thank you!
You too!
what's the review on Thrones?
Yea, how about us at !
Choose us!
:
Ya foundation need a touch up ya boyfriend a fuck up.
That's the ballgame.
Media sources report owners inform players of lockout.
Amazing job !
Yr gift is what the world nds 2c  wear.
Yr  is just shinning.
Go ahead and follow me if you're not a porn troll.
I'm ready to mark all 40 of these spam accounts
I was imagining strawberry!
:' QT : I don't think there are any special flavor of Twinkie.
Congratulations, Darren.
Its the singles hardest, greatest, most rewarding, adventure of your life.
Enjoy every second of it.
Parklawn Assembly of God is hosting a college fair  concert on March 14, 2009.
Call 4144427411 or email w/questions.
He's a HS teacher so he didn't get a Tdoctor...
Billy Currington loves his dog...
and so do we.
Grab a branded version of his new song on productionvault now.
Enjoy beautiful views of DT SDexperience a sophisticated atmosphere frm the rooftop of  doctorNKS  2 ADDMISSIONS4only19!
LMFAO!....I'm sorry for the vulgar language, I'm only living for the moment.
Why not just express yourself with random outburst!
Rockstar!
Hump day over
Show Me A Sign
Anyone have thoughts on zines  censorship?
I've viewed them as a free forum...
beginning to see that not everyone does.
RT : This year the parade celebrates its 46th birthday with the Shamisterck club.
What are some of your favorite parade...
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here at the Beauty Store!
Save us some turkey!
:
Happy Valentine's day to my single followers
hahah, i'm from the US : where in Canada are you from?
lol!
That would mean you also Hug Tackled the Stitch d00d!
I wouldve loved to see that.
:P
Westhill could beat Lakers tonight RT : How do Ward and the RHS Tigers stack up against this Lakers team?
turn you on some pitbull dawg
i will fuck your ass hole
Big shout out to my big bro Wayne Brady who KILLED The View this morn.
If you have kids pick up his new CD Radio Wayne out today.
I thought about it:

I not only use the brains I have, but all I can borrow.
Aw that's so cute :'D
That's a relief!
Thanks!
No way I will vote for Romney!
RonPaul only!
signed declarations of guilt by players makes an appeal pointless, doesn't it?
shouldn't be doctornking anyway.
You are way under age.
Have a great night ya'll.
feel better!
Praying for you!
Tonight try Fygar Nachos!
W/ cheese, grilled onions, habanero sauce, jalapeños, pepperoncinis, salsa  sour cream!
Great way to end 2011 with a W!
RT : WBB earns first road win of the season, 6960 MU moves to 95.
Contributor copies of Get Fit for the Pit 1 have been sent!
Hell yea!!!
i have him as my screen on my phone!!!
that Stay Scheming Nice
it's ok  every flight we take flies over top
If you keep reminding me of my past, I will put you there.
When I first met you, little did I know how much you would mean to me.
Aww, thank you!
The only purpose a middle name serves is to let you know you've fucked up
Really rooting for the Canucks to choke in the playoffs again; those rioting fans don't deserve to hoist a Stanley Cup.
Hahaha!
Whats the point of watching movies if you aren't going to be super judgmental and snobbish about it?
It's Friday!
And Jimmy Buffett tonight!!
I love it when the Parrotheads take over.
It's not just tech alums sending thoughts and prayers.
HoosforHokies too.
It almost TShirt time!
Lee Co.
now responsible for abandoned water plant
Just high fived im going to catch his sickness o0
Going to the summer music festival Plaza?
Stop by for a sweet treat!
RT : TORNADO PARTY!!!
in honor of the biggest letdown since Teen Wolf Too ...
On the 950; 1st hour:Junkie w/ longshot Buddy Roemer 2nd: r gas price hikes ALL bad plus folkenflick on the NPR Gotcha video
smh nigga like a week ago you was talking about but now since he hitting you bac you dick ridin you fake as hell
Opera Colorado's Czech opera, Rusalka opens in Denver on Saturday Night!
FREE ticket with signup: emiliemanagement.mylightyear.com
Naw not at all
: Sleeping naked is the best feeling!
Can i join u?
Lol
Alright, it's official.
Great Basin Food Coop will change the face of Reno for the better.
Super excited for their new location.
It's cause of the weather getting warmer and the flowers!
:
AMD Selects HP for Cloud Data Center
Why does is cost so much to ship to S.
Africa????!!!!!
Congrats to and team for placing third in the Carolina Challenge!!
Worst.
Monday.
Ever.
I loved that place.
RT : It's hard raising Yorkies out in these streets.
CAPS will come out on fire this period...I hope..
Seeing social network with the ladies!
Im sure Ill be updating my status afterward!
you're all chi bound?!?
Wtf
The friggin last ten minutes always goes by fast!
Boo!
Back to the grinder a writer always writes and I'm still in the copy editing phase have to get Been There Done That press ready for printing
I say it on the daily.
RT RT : I use Your and You're correctly.
ShitNobodyInMiamiSays
: i want my professorssion to be free .
Steve Schmidt is the only interesting person on MSNBCs anchor panel with Ed, Lawrence ODonnell, Maddow and Rev Al.
just when ur done reading each page go down to the bottom and hit next and it should take u to the next chapter.
I hate Duke and I believe that they are incredibly talented with every position covered...they have all the pieces.
I just question thei ...
SCR will be Performing Live On Wednesday  Clairiton High School at 12pm !
and Then We'll Be at Capa High School  7pm Be There!
!!
What do people in China call their good plates?
Spurs playoff tickets for games A and B go on sale Saturday.
If I can doctorve down Brownsburg's crowded 267, I think I can doctorve with four screaming childoctorn.
well good he gone what a goof.
People can be mean some times
I get so upset and emotional when I see these chicks on Basketball Wives always pickin on the pretiest and tiniest girl who cannot fight.
Just give me ONE night.To show u what type of guy I am.
I want u to keep ur clothes on cause it might get cold outside looking  the stars.
Trying to figure out how nicki minaj's Roman Reloaded is the 1 hiphop album...
Livingston just picked up a desk.
while i was sitting in it.
Enjoyed the Philly dining scene with friends
RT Pshh I'm scared of your mom, she don't play!!
// she's crazy !
Did you see Danny Brown open?
I'm trying to picture the whole scene in general, in Iowa.
I'm sick.
Can VCU pull off another upset?
They lead IU by 6 with less than 4 mins to go.
I kinda figure that was the case, was hoping to purchase tickets yesterday..
but tomorrow then.
You can be the difference you want to see...
Congratulations to and the rest of the NYU Graduating Class of 2012!
New lower cash tolls!
Be sure to check out our new toll schedule:WWW.sbxthe125.com.
fffffuck!
my iPod is dead...
so I guess I have to use my phone today.
.
I need my music!
Happy Birthday and Happy New Year Keep rockin in 2012!!
blog was about bloggers pushing newspapers out of biz.
i commented that craigslist and monsterboard are doing that.
We need a day just for reading.
Not working.
Not doing chores.
Just reading.
I LOVE YOU3
Accolade wines is bolstering its presence in China with the purchase of a majority stake in Shanghaibased CWC Wine Trading Company.
Just got done watching perform on Fucking awesome!
so true
is on........
SEE YOU LATER TWEETERS AND FACEBOOKERS!!
Without the 4th Amendment, that is just what we would have.
Long Live the Fourth Amendment!
Ambient shoegaze rock.
My kind of music.
ok...
twhirl it is
The best advice for any relationship : ff : No one can change a person , but a person could be the reason someone changes.
Gotta love horse people lol
Whos Going To The Night Parade In San Antonio Tomarrow Night!?
ihope Does : iLL Finally Meet Him
and grad students in room are eager to consider alternative models, put finger on what exactly is new/different here.
Passed my segment one test with 21 wrong
Nice!
next time I'll be there rain or Shiner RT Here's the other pizza from tonight featuring smoked sausage.
Lol, I have it on repeat...
how are you doing?
Pretty much if the hut doesnt burn down its been a good day
I need to move to Sweden
RT : sharing on line I would be concerned about the lack of confidentiality and the info being accessible to anyone.
RT I think it's a remix for Gin  Juice with doctor doctor, Jay Z and Lil' Wayne.
you think looks like Zombie Jobs?
RETWEET if you like CHINESE FOOD!
Y are u so angry mommy
I just saw Eli Manning pushing a baby stroller with his wife.
The flipside of my last tweets is that exposure on important issues shines necessary light, even in this polluted media landscape

it's a crazy bday, no?
MBA Econ final in 30 min.
Way too much info.
Here goes nothin'
So I just started reading hungergames and am really into it.
If you'd like to reach a market worth 8,000,000,000,000 that includes 20 of the global population  another 40, please contact me.
:
I only doctornk on three days; Saturdays; Sundays and Weekdays
wondering if any Scottish Rite Fellows are on Twitter yet?
Wanted 2 do a Shout Out 2 Hope Parr frm Phoenix.
Ur a GR8 photographer  we truly value ur business.
Wish u lived closer!
www.hopeparr.com
So many Jeckyll/Hyde teams in the NFL.
I'm thankful the Colts make it decisive.
countdown to and Oklahoma  10/11 days!
look man I understand I mean I was only ever sassy to yoy
T.G.I.F.
ready for this weekend:
if you follow back it's easier to retweet...
At the next table: Three guys in uniforms that read, Two Men and a Truck.
One of them must be nicknamed Truck.
If you believe Sharia law should apply in the US, then you should reconsider whether this country is for you.
the Red Sox are in bad shape.
Lots of bad contracts.
Not that type of thing matters in Boston but still.
: I've got autofollow on now.
Thanks for the feedback, Weiner :
NIH News  NIH LAUNCHES COLLABORATIVE PROGRAM WITH ...
pondering challenges for PLs to digitize  real or attitidunal?...
RT : Even in your darkest moment, you usually can find something to laugh about if you try hard enough.
Red Skelton
Gah, you gloater!
Hey  will we see you at SXSW?
Paul and I will be weathering the weirdness, squeezing limes, playing, etc.
ATTN Administrators: Successful outsourcing is NOT handsoff...it requires staff and time for review.
if you hate being short move to Japan...You said you were 'Big' over there.
I wanna skipp class but im almost there !!!
lol
If I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times: OXFORD COMMAS ALWAYS 'N' FOREVER.
I'm addicted to Cristofori's doctoram by David Lanz.
It's so beautiful.
Just almost told someone here at work that I was going to cut their insides out and eat them.
planning some new features for the site...finished programmin synching with twitter...next up full gallery option feature for members....
Ten years ago: President Bush signed a 190 billion farm bill guaranteeing higher subsidies to growers in Midwestern and Southern states.
Just make sure it is you that bought it!
duke is losing, duke is losing, yaaaaaaaaaaaay.
go lehigh!
aligns his body's symmetry/mechanically as an antique clock/ticking in the absence of batteries
: Have a boy to swing on it with me.
Boredom Kills
I swear Bitches now adays be lieng !
Annoyed !
:O
New Formula for movie picks: They bring it up on Doug Loves Movies  no one makes fun of it  Go see it.
Yes we are!
Inspirations all around the Beltway!
that's rude
I plan on getting 1000 tweets today LOL
This Nigga Sugar Shane Bouta Go Down!
Spring break needs to come already blah
Weird, I cant seem to get to Facebook.
Hummff!
American Badass night!
2 doctorfts  3 Jack shots.
Tomorrow night we're having another Red Solo Cup party!
20 Bottomless doctorfts
don't we all get a second chance
Sometimes winning is everything
Funny stuff
your legs!
Yes.
Thanks to a big night from Felton.
Might want to write this date down.
Uhoh.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Tyler Perry Studios on fire.
I cant explain this feeling, I think about it everyday, And even though weve moved on, It gets so hard to walk away.
Merle won't be happy that you outed him.
His parents had to flee to Cali Grapes of Wrathstyle.
We still claim him.
haha still sounds like better company than these books surrounding me!
Hope is waking up inside Every day You open up my eyes To see the promises You've made.
Already Won
How does a man take a bubble bath?
He eats beans for dinner.
on the phone now with Dell Tech support for THREE HOURS!!!!!
Thanks Windows OS for ruining the day.
...Mac OS support??
Huh?
what's that?
doctoramt about it, woke up, did it..
And I just turned the heaters on 3 those bitches will never leave.
FUCK U U BITCH!!
FUCK U  THE PUSSY  DICK THAT CREATED U!
EAT SHIT, doctorNK PISS  DIE U HOE!
QUIT SENDIN SPAM SHIT!
I was really hoping Quickie would throw down just then.
bang bang
Spending some quality time with my Xbox tonight :
what's good?
10ish?
next plan of action...attend an awards show
I'm seeing Digital Debauchery with Anthony Bourdain at SXSW 2012.
Bolognese!
RT : You have one pound of ground beef and 30 minutes so you make?
GO!
magic playing like garbage
Excited for WestAllisaLaCarte in 6 days!
Let's hope for great weather.
Stop on down everyone for one of our famous meatball sandwiches!
Sad to think of all the heartache to come RT : Photo of Radomski celebrating on the field in '86 when the Mets won the W.Series.
Thanks for the follow All the best.
Awesome pic thanks for sharing.
An inspiration to all female marathoners.
Just turned in the bound copy of my Master's portfolio papers..here's to three years of studying,research, writing!
UTDallas Godisgood :
lmbo no boo boo...u lame as hell for auqafina water lol
Not the night for wakefield200.
When?
I have a 400 dollar water bill this month.
Leaky toilet.
Sigh.
I had to get out of that Atlanta heat for a few days.
Currently 64, expected high of 73.
Headed to Roscoe's Chicken  Waffles for breakfast.
So true!
I just want you to know that you deserve the best, you're beautiful
LOL.
so true.
It is awesome watching people 'get' analog data and how to use it digitally.
Don't but songs on my iPad, but I had to buy new single :
how u figure dat
Hey Troy Hey!
P Just bought you guys come more gifts!
How about you?!
I think I may miss the way i used to play around with oomf.
Surprised.
My coughing is cute as hell.
has cancer.
Please keep him in your prayers
:O Im Comfortably confused
Nap time all around.
It's been that kind of weekend.
i give up on trying to get to follow me its never going to happen ;
indeed indeed
Everyone picks one song they love by and they call it art lets admit it, all his songs are aboslutely amazing!
3
is the weirdest kid ever.
I swear.
: haha i love you
Very impressive portfolio nice work!
really?
What kind of tint?
On which images?
The Avengers was AMAZING AWESOME FANTASTIC and STELLAR!
Cannot wait for the next installment...a MUST SEE!!!
Fantastic sermon brother.
Your falsetto is ringing in my ears.
Only me.....Only I would meet a porn star.
SMDH
walking to 7 different churches.
Wondering what goes on in Nola on a Tuesday night?
teamconan I totally balled!
Awesome ending, doin what he 3s Rockinout!
No1 is as funny, down2earth  just straight up as awesome as Conan!
it smells like some jizzed in a fritos bag then threw it at the xmas tree.
But then also asks, how does an emphasis on mostused items impact feature awareness?
hcil brownbag
Im loving life
I already do...but I'd love you forever!!
Lol :
I dont think i had a chance 2 watch a whole steeler game this season
Thought I had this crazy day under control, but now I'm ready to blow a gasket.
I just hit my head on the bus window.
A lot to get done n glad I have the right people with me to accomplish it.
Girls Day
I'm on the phone yelling mad and my nephew D J come in and say don't let it get to Auntie cuz if you do they win LOL I love this lil boy!
Go Blue, let the Brady Hole Era be a new Michigan tradition
So glad you liked it!!
I just want Will here laying beside me.
White guys are slower then black players CAN NOT BELIEVE THEY SAID THAT NFL CHANNEL
Every few days i lose something very crucial.
Today its my garage door opener.
.
We'll announce all of our winners at 5 o'clock!
Can you stop being perfect.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on his way to Golden Valley to promote green jobs
thanks for
Why are pugs always trending on Instagram?
I kept imagining Norbert Butz in the role.
Seemed like it was right in his wheelhouse.
there are a lot of up and coming rappers mentioning KattWillFerrell trying to get exposure
Er, why am I walking around my house singing Easter Parade?
I guess I skipped clean over Mardi Gras this year.
every awesome guy.
infocampseattle the perils of design by committee...
I seriously love old cartoons I could watch them and u wont hear me say two words only hear me laughing
I honestly dislike you with a fucking passion.
Well, at least I picked Ohio...
we found it too and loveit!!
i am not BA lol
im bored...
Thank you  for allowing me to speak with your group today about the foreclosure crisis.
ATL.
Sometimes I rep my hood.
Lol.
so glad it spoke to you like it spoke to us!
let's try to get some sleep this weekend, eh?
This is all stream on conciousness coming out...I am not bragging...
besides now that rose back you know we finna beast
completely depressed that I'm traveling and missed it.
Praying it's still in my DVR when I get home.
the fuck did we just watch?
what you doing .?
:
Japan's government vowed Tuesday to overhaul nuclear safety standards once its radiationleaking reactor complex is under control...TNC News
Pittsburghin it up
Ah CATS cats cats cats
I'm an accounting major so I always thought about the effects of loan debt..but I never thought interest rates would climb
For some reason it feels so kewl tlking to u lmao
Erika I want to give you one last kiss one last hug and to tell you I love you 3

is your business political or about business?
something random turned into something awesome
about fucking time
work flow I Hate My Job!
unfortunately I'm traveling, but you can always hit up who runs a lot of our disk for a blether.
Ill ride with him and tell you if its good or not!
Just jogged for an hour at the gym, and now I'm gonna go get a donut.
'Cus I'm punk rock like that.
Hmm...might have just had an interesting idea for a Capstone.
Now I just have to somehow figure out how feasible it is.
Is there a breakfast run scheduled in the morning?
No problem if not or not invited :
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
RT RT : One day, hopefully soon, we'll figure it out.
injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
lol!
I would do the same.
What reason is there to have kids other than to torture them?
imma go put blank sticky notes everyone and every thing around me now :p
when are you going to do America's Next Top Male Model!
Scored Torrance tests, studied mixed 2factor withinsubject designs,  made progress on selfdetermination theory paper.
Anybody give me a list of dubstep artists or songs please?
can you believe it!!1 they took it off my plan but i just got it fix!!
i was so mad!!
ATT phones ugh!
Only one team in the NBA has been better than 73 in their last 10 gms.
No team has been worse than 37.
I never thought it was such a bad little tree.
Its not bad at all, really.
Maybe it just needs a little love.
Good morning my beautiful people
You've piqued my curiosity.
I'm trying to figure out right now how to access my settings on this mobile version so I can change the PW
McNulty is extra hipster looking today; pink, blue, purple checkered shirt with a black skinny tie, black rimmed glasses and facial hair.
what does think about 3 years Obama?
close to
yes I've seen ur posts Ms lady lol
Two weeks until
Have you tried Bamboozle yet?
Purchase a packet of it and we'll give you a free upgrade!!
I need more homosexuals in my life!
Everything I thought was real.....
wasn't .....
Don't be fooled.If u r not talking w/someone w/a Cali,UK,or Canadian Phone u r not in contact w/Simon Thunder or anyone who represents him!
yeah, it's too bad he didn't have a post game presser to go off about jackson's 1st team snub
happy to hear you enjoyed the brunch!
That's just ridiculous.
See, I kinda liked that one.
Larry Fessenden makes good crap.
When I read the example of public space computers being left on the logout page I was sold.
absolutely the correct move.
We're giving you the Golden Piece of Paper for outstanding performance in support of soccer
Please get over yourself.
You win, you win.
Then there were 12...
good morning milwaukee, thanks for being like 35 degrees today...
Why are the Brewers all wearing number 42?
My rims sitting tall til'i dim the knee steps
I guess it'll have to do until next January...
I need a couch.
im tweeting
I am loving the waves at BryonBay Australia!
Pictures and blog posts to come!
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
What a cliffhanger!!
: We are so happy to announce another amazing member to the LocalUp Team, UI/UX Designer    Congrats all!
life is so good!!!
it's the only option
So do I, just disagree with the outcome.
about to get my crossfit on; If I don't survive, remember I had mild affection for some of you
I guess the ones I run into
Thinking I'd love to do some random collabos for a Kindle Singles ebook series or sumn.
Looking to mix things up
I'm ready to fail my math test today, woo.
I just saw the commerical for my episode of toddlers and tiaras!
Seacrest, I'm unsure if you could fool me any more with who's staying  who's going!
I'm gonna lose it if you get me w/ an after the break
2 shots each?
I may be glad I can't watch.
One goal may end this thing.
I feel like I be opening up to people way too fast.
i WiSH COMiC ViEW WAS STiLL ON BET...
Ran two miles today 
Where Kentucky were you?
I grew up at the intersection of Bugger Branch and Onion Blade, in a little place called Pippa Passes.
Please, God.
Please?
RT Joss Whedon baby.
JOSS WHEDON!
Maybe NOW we can have the next installment of Serenity?
where is that at ?
I live in Chicago.
i miss you myELENAORS 3
shut up lol
Just woke up nd see Red Sux out of the playoffs THE DAY COULD NOT HAVE STARTED BETTER.
One of the best I've attended in a long time.
You'll have to keep me in the loop on future communications ones!
can i have a shoutout please?!
love you!
:
Yeah, um, me too?
I'm good.
At something, I'm sure.
Anxiously awaiting delivery of yet another cheapo netbook.
C'mon, UPS!
Thanks for the follow Cooks Hangout!
:
Tiredtweeting from the airport on the way to the second tropical vacation of my life.
Good at being excited, bad at being relaxed.
Please view our post.
:0  Copier tip of the day!
haha, i am with you!
it gets funnier with every look
Better luck next time Thunders .
When is your API going to be available?
The link on your website isn't clickable yet...
Ok, I know mlanet12 isn't even here yet, but some of the program themes for mlanet13 look great.
:
The third day I woke up with a nose bleed....weird and its not even hot
BREAKING NEWS: Bomb techs are heading to a suspicious package at 2nd/Blaine in Newberg.
The area is cordoned off until they can clear it.
Living Life Fast Aint No Stopping For Them Red Lights Money Coming In Young Niggas Get They Bread Right
IWishTheyWouldBringBack FRIENDS!
:D
Did Sasha Baron Cohen throw ashes on the live cameras?
Today  3pm on the Legends of Rock: There's Always somebody pulling a scam.
Steely Dan sings about an 1896 scam gone wrong.
text me bro !!
I'm In  The Road to the Finish  ING NYC Marathon 2011
Just watch movies for the rest of the day.
There's time for roughly five.
Tuesday we will announce the winner of the CREATIVE COVER CONTEST!
Vote by liking!
Writing today with and
I like women, they a lil smarter than these dummies out here.
I really feel this way because these clowns got a lot of false bravado
Hey there, is talksm a weekly chat?
What time does it start?
Maybe I can make ASTD2012 and go to that
HOP UP OUTTA GRAD SCHOOLL TURN MY SWAG ON
doctor Rosie's Live Internet Talk Show, Tues.
Feb.
7th 1011AM PCT, www.doctorosie,com, click listen live button.
Topic: Let's Talk About Sex.
cuz u dnt need one..too much hassle lol
I have that book but haven't read it yet.
Performing tonight with  at Pumped.
: Please wish a Happy Birthday today..
thank u all for the HBD wishes!
Also, I 3 And !
And !
And , although in a very different way in that last case.
;
You are in the doctorver's seat of your music career.
Where are you taking your career?
: School superintendents, follow a curated list of 401 other superintendents at /supts suptchat
looking cute xD
needs to make better, easier ways to make maps  contribute and compete with
thanks for making me miss you or else I'd have nothing to write about.
you make a very pretty girl :O
OMG!!
CONGRATS ZENDAYA FOR GETTING 700K FOLLOWERS!!!
WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU Zswaggers are a HUGE family and stick together!!
3
A4: It's a start, they need to get younger and more exciting with their marketing
any day now.
Program counters recidivism through training, education  Shreveport Times
lol I'm so late but yeah buddy!
haha
What color should I paint my toes?
Tampa Bay has always played us tough.
Doesn't matter who is playing.
This is our worst performance since 2010
I agree it's early, but u have to score with less than two outs and a man on third  second.
who ever took over your twitter
The last time I met a gal w/a cat, I almost lost my balls for, during doggie...
The thought that you could be friends let alone best friends with your ex, who you claimed was the love of your life is completely foolish
being just of of them;
I hate when you get ready with your air conditioning on too high so you think it's colder outside that it really is
But Feb.
3rd is also the birthday of one of rock's greatest guitarists, Dave Davies of The Kinks.
Happy birthday, Dave!
If your life was a novel, what would the title be?
Thanks for the listen and the mention!
Glad your feeling this, stay tuned for more remixes and originals coming soon!
4 days in NY with enthusiastic and knowledge clients.
Invigorating.
Nothing contributes so much to tranquilize the mind as a steady purpose a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye.M Shelley
Come on in  SAVE 25 on almost everything in the bookstore.
The selection is great.
Stock up NOW for the holidays.
Shop, Support, and SAVE!
Thanks for the talk and keep up the great work.
Damien Echols just mouthed Are you okay?
to his wife.
tear
The most vital test of a mans character is not how he behaves after success, but how he sustains defeat.
Raymond Moley
Tell us  what's your favorite way to spend your weekend?
Watching the movie Airport with Dean Martin.
Times have changed.
Over and again, I just keep saying, you couldn't do THAT today.
excited to see you on conan tonight!
That's why I stayed home.
RT They're burning cars in Lexington.
Please don't kill anyone.
had to write something that's a little controversial, you know?
Surprise me.
Oh, and I can return the favour someday ; x
Its on HIM to embrace this and learn from it!
Painting my room this weekend.
happy :D
Nicely done Naches Heights became the 12th AVA in Washington State on January 13th, 2012.
Just landed in San Francisco!
mh2012.
Now to find lunch and do some exploring in Palo Alto.
hope Broncos doing well today!
all the snow is melting.cant wait4 sundays viking game
I hate you.
Q4: Through conversations with returning staff.
Also helpful to get them to intro themselves via email
RT : Have learnt a new thing  Statisik  'data that relates 2 the state, is whr wrd 'statistic' comes from.Cool beans!
No need to be sad!
It'll still be here for you!
Lol.
welcome to a world where doctorams become nightmares
Currently we are working on our website but hope to have it up and operational soon!!
Keep checking back for more updates!!
are you still mad at me?
I have a friend who does woodwork.
I just gave him the plywood and he cut it for me!
Couldn't find any premise that big!
;
MY EYES!
buffalo is striking distance to Amherst.
Coming home?
bowls on bowls on bowls  Smcc
thanks..
they need to be washed.
I just wanna be with you : Every night, I pray that you could feel my love for you..
and that will be forever and..
ever.
:
enjoyed the reception this evening..
WTG on the improv
Check out Kelsey Goodman, our spokesperson and doctorver tonight.
She just started her twitter account
I'll trade you a hologram Tupac for your first edition holographic Charizard.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
jaxon is watching my type right exactly right oops nope not anymore now jasper is
Actually if you're there, I'm tempted to go fuck shit up and be weird.
i'm beginning to think it was unwise to stab myself in the finger with a power doctorll.
No one to talk to
Happy birthday!
louie louie louie louie ah
Yeah, its not the first time he's attempted suicide though..
sHOW UR SUPPORT AND CHECK IT OUT !
Let me get that view !
comment and like !
DNXFILMS ..
!
High In the Sun .
by R.A.Y feat.
NICKBEAT...
Hey Tim, thanks I got that  was just having a laugh :
Gonna keep it sexy tonight
Whitney Houston is dead????
dm me digits
I want to see The Avengers again.
Clearly not happening this weekend.
All the showings are practically sold out.
So the wack insurance that my job hadis causing major problems my daughter has a temp of 103.3 and the doctors won't see her cuz of them
: all these car accident scenes with quinn make me remember last summer...
Kevin is beyond incredible.
Glad he's sharing his process for this!
THERE IS SOMETHING SPECIAL ABOUT TIM TEBOW!
Love's a sensation caused by temptation, boy puts his location into a girl's destination, get my explanation or do you want a demostration?
But I'll try.
Ok, I get it!
The Hunger Games is a popular book to be reading right now.
Stop throwing it in my face already!
Can you justify your own prejudice?
on I270 says medevac JUST landed  crash CLOSES BOTH DIRECTIONS North of MD80
hey twitter :D
your welcome!
Baseball game like usual with to see our boyfriends play.
thumbs up guys!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have a good one!
We were in LaJolla,CA visiting a large remodel project that we are currently working on..what amazing views from this home of the ocean..
m m doctornk it in.........in a related topic im often told I smell like whiskey and strippers
ATTN: HR professorssionals and Employers.
We are hosting a veterans job fair.
To recruit or learn more, email .
Looking forward to this weekend.
There should be good poker games, lots of parties and some fun games to sweat.
GO GIANTS!!!!!
Why are you going to come to school if all you do is fucking sleep ..
Party is at Late Bar right now...
DJ Amos spinning hits you can listen to AND watch...2 PBRs, 4 stolis!
!
milwaukee Have a product that you would like to suggest we stock for you?
Shoot us an email to We are here to listen!
who is more at fault vienna or jake?
Good Morning
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND WAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH :
great thanks for watching
Looks like you are having fun  enjoy!
Since 1980 the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that the number of overweight kids in the US has more than tripled
mixtape go hard keep it moving i see u going some where!!
well at least you can hear the voice of God somehow....!!!
You're welcome!
Great article.
Hope you'll join us for UXCamp DC 2013.
I bet Adams mad right now ha
have any time to write before you go?
take a ride down to Albuquerque and hang out with me and Steve.
You've got time.
The train this Saturday???
haha one of these days!
Unthawing some water.

chuck e cheese with melissa...
Yep...
Shes the only person I would ever do this with...
..still setting it up.
and ill mk sure u get it.
Do you know a teen in the Los Angeles area looking for a small peer group?
Check out www.nourishedfamilys.com
I knew the site must be HTML5 by virtue of its use of Museo!
COME SEE!
LEARN MORE....
Kurupt  IM BURNT ft Problem Official Music Video EXCLUSIVE
Very exciting news for Hair in the City!
I've moved to join Magnolia Day Spa in Manakin Sabot right off 288.
www.hairinthecity.me
Is there a way to manage multiple accounts on the new Gmail iOS app?
If not, I'll never use it.
that was friggin hilarious
lol.
She asked how you was doing  all dat .
.
At a church...
Churches scare me
Trob is still one of the best players in college.
Hasnt had less than 10 points in any game this year.
avg 18/12 top 5 pick
Honestly, if you don't see Dear John Mayer at the Open Fist in hollywood, you'll never quite understand how facemelting is.
DEAR, Jorge !
!
RACK CITY BITCH !
!
RACK..RACK CITY BITCH TEN TEN TEN TWENTIES AND THEM FIFTIES BITCH !
!
SIGN:KHADIAJH
Sounds like a plan.
I hope we find an awesome leprechaun.
xbox baby
Updating the look and functionality of your database interface is great, but now I have to redo all my online tutorials.
I would trade 4 of my toes for a nap right now.
Making friends with core essence.
Notice that spark in you  listen to her longings
WATCHING THE SHOW AND I MUST SAY I LOVE YOU GUYS I WISH I COULD MEET YOU AND KOURTNEY AND BABY MASON!!!
Nice Pacers first series win in 7 years way to close it out.
Next up Heat who need to take care of business tomorrow night.
I like your style cinco de derby/derby de mayo is messing my game up
I copied/pasted loop.php into the blank README file, saved it, then went back to the cmd line.
: ABoyfriendShouldAlways BEAT his girlfriend.......to the door to open it for her  Chris brown saw the first half only..
Heading to the studio to work on my show this Tuesday OCT 25th !!
I want to see you!!
I have 4 kids, and they did not like the movie.
I remember a lot of psychobabble blubbering that really didn't hold their attn.
I just noticed that lol!
Ugh so nervous Jamar and Juliet were both amazing last night beat performances of the night tough decision
Luke Scott looks like an even bigger douchebag than he is.
Gearing up for the open house!
RT : Seems criticizing hipsters is the hipster thing to do.
How ironic.
Well got me to listen to the Serena Williams rap.
That was...I mean...oh.
Life is like a taxi.
The meter just keeps aticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still.
Lou Erickson
The sole purpose of marketing is to sell more to more people, more often and at higher prices.
There is no other reason to do it.
ritee !
I'm hungry too !
Happy Leap Day!
looks great, Chris!
FaceTime me when u get up
also, NF had to explain the parent trigger to Filner, who offhandedly said he'd support it.
Gah
My eyeballs feel hot.
What does that mean?????
I feel like I am being torn.
On the one hand, senior colleagues say we should push students to achieve, learn academic skills...
hey...r u a cardinal fan...just saw a tweet!
Thank you for the cute onesie!!
My baby is due OpeningDay, so the Brewers Foundation thought it appropriate!
:
ha!
Loved his room  plaid wallpaper, posters
So fancy, that Greg.
I can't understand his techfree world.
I have a rebel race on Sat.
July 7 so i will do the same
it's pretty lame to broadcast about the invite only party that is filled to capacity...
I will now.
thx!
Soft Laser Games: Company  A Trendy New Activity  Sporting events
waiting for the flight.
off to film with the BBC in Alabama
yea we was, there
I love love love er
steven  great meeting you at acrl2011.
Good luck with everything!
The eclipse is at its best here!
Happy Chaka Khan!
ur voice is so god luv u
RT!
We hope every1 had a great Thanksgiving!
Don't forget we will be opening at 4PM 2morrow!
We look forward to seeing everyone!
YES.
Crocs  kilt  bagpipe!
Boy do I feel like shit right now
WVU Coaches To Visit Wheeling
lemme try in a second, I just got on reddit lol
Bionic hand is really great.
I wonder if health insurance would cover it or consider it cosmetic in the US?
I hope you feel better!!!!
3
I don't think it's hatred exactly.
It's just that the mantra for years has been go global.
Local flies in the face of that
: FirstSemesterMemories Serenades, big brother night, Rush Week and UK over UNC
Grub for life
hey people: thanks for following and favoriting
FF  FOLLOW HER!
She's the best big sister EVER!
She loves hockey, concerts, working out, music  life!
She's so sweet!!!!!
3
Chill Frozen Yogurt  Orange Leaf
Q4: grilled pork chops with basil garlic rub
Looking for a FREE app that allows FREE calls and/or texts between an iPod Touch and an Andoctorid phone.
Skype?
Other thoughts?
I bet all of the mister.Lawley's are wishing they were going to the beach with today.
;
he's got no idea what's coming..
While walking, a car pulled over and asked me Where's the best pizza in the city?
To which I responded to them by buying a gym membership.
figured u wouldnt
good way about u :
omfg.
Okay, thank you!
: The Kardashian's are so talented!
ages 14 to 22 High school and community college MANY OF THE SAME ISSUES
: Graduation speech: I would like to thank Wikipedia, and copy/paste.
I'm out bitches 's speech was better lol!
oh my god please do.
you're a doctoram!
aye call back !!
Good morning Tweeps!
Count ya blessing, hop out of bed and get to the money....
Or school, both are good
If I paid you for a service, do it.
Period.
Otherwise, don't do business.
Period.
Shit isn't rocket science.
hi, no dobrze ; a co u pani?
my nigga AB he got killed today n he was n POLICE CUSTODY they tasered him 2x n den he died at da hospital
See y'all soon!
Hoping wifi/3G  batteries all cooperate, etc.
etc.
Public Historian ncph2012 should be open access.
I'd let gelisa stay over if she asked
cool.
would be great to have you see it live!
Off to the studio to kick some serious ass on this shoot.
PhotographerAtWork ...be jealous
Still thinking about how amazing it was to hear the head of DARMA today.
A huge Ted feat.
We are in good hands with Regina Dugan.
the Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
me too!!
i will try to find a small one RT : lol someone got one
Uh, you know that there is a high risk for crosscontamination, right?
Wait for someone who kisses your forehead and tells how much he loves you and how lucky he is to have you around
Use your smile to change this world.
Don't let this world change your smile.
ya i have managed, also produce events, such fashion shows..
im actually in Seattle but looking at moving to LA to hopefully
I all ready got 73 followers an I just started
aw thanks, you're too kind lol but yeah it sucks all the good people I meet are always soo far away :/
I was a damn mess in her office this morning b/c I knew Mom would come up  of course convo about BRCA testing.
The last thing i want as a beliber is that there r rumors.
great photo!
Whoot!
It's Faculty Follies!
Tweeting from Finding the Balance: Kids' rights, parental demands  librarians' role
the couch iz MINE.
LA today, SA tomorrow.
Understand that.
I got on there as soon as i could but it was to late.
So if you are still pissed at me Im Sorry ok.
Just because i was not
I just played the Mass Effect 3 demo.
It's pretty epic xD
Holy smokes, only one week until our first show of 2012!
Who wants us to open up the show with a brand spankin new song?
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
Anyone know where to find the Rockies nonroster invitee list?
Congratulations to !
He will help to guide the power of swang across the world.
listener too.
I'm a portugese american living in USA.
Listening to the game here on the radio
: mine is the 21st.
Happy early Birthday lovely!
Thank you so much and you also...: xo
Have fun running the today  Colin!
Looking forward to talking to and all the guys on radio at 9 p.m.
tonight about the MMA Ban.
Check it out.
Lunch bitch!!!!
you just won the Kentucky derby what are you getting?
I'm getting a hot tub....or ...I'm getting a hot dog
33 Goal by the beaked bandit
Got my copy of Borderlands back!
Wheeee!
Heading across the wild west to albuquerque.
omg Rest In Peace Donna
Hey Guys!
Tonight, 10:30pm at The Bitter End in NYC, The Sliders will rock your face.
Are you ready?!
Good Morning All!
One step closer to my goal :
Music, music and more music!!!
what is ur face genre?
So yummy and chocolatey and don't even get me started on the frosting!
We're really squished into MPR 1 but it's a lot nicer than the auditoria.
you can find great lakes there.
Plenty Michigan choices.
Obviously goose island
thanks friend!!
I've got a ticket to come into ATL on Thu Apr 5 at 3pm.
When is your class?
Maybe I can change the ticket to come in earlier.
Miami is such a flawed team.
They don't deserve to win.
Guess who's whipping on good friday niggas!!!!
Congratulations to the Newsbrief Award winner Nadia doctorke!
Wonderful presentation and video.
Looked like a great turnout.
Looking forward to helping you out next week.
YoYo Ma will be at the Kennedy Center  Concert Hall on June 29th.
Have you gotten your tickets?
spoileralert All the fat people get thin.
Switch over to
Ha.
Not at all.
New video being uploaded today on Youtube look out for it!
yes of cereal hahah na you know that MJ ;
swimsuits out in stores already?
whoanow julycomesafterjanuary?
we should trend WeLoveDanielle :
sorry holly I'm going to a bmx race darn I really wonted to make your day
but will has favorited my tweets so he reads them
Finding it interesting...a little too interesting...that the iPhone comes w/both google earth  a compass.
Iran Nuclear Weapons: Israel General Claims Ayatollah39;s Are 39;Rational39;  Are They?
Niggas gonna hate what more can i say....
mist new arenas have practice facilities inside the arena, why didn't Kobe go in there to workout?
Happy mothers day to all good mother's !
tell your mom's I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  thanks for raising wonderful boys !
:
Stereo love!
its not that person you were that matters, but the person you are working towards becoming.
We adore you ladyface!!
10 yr federal spending plans remind me of USSR's 5 yr plans, since no plan passed by this Congress is binding on future Congresses.
definitely agree.
They all should get the help they deserve.
I hope we can fix our relationship....Check out the eat cheap week specials!
We will soon be introducing some new design from a CRAZY new artist.
Keep on the look out.
omg i just saw this huge azz bird what the hell was that?!?!
try and find the playoff 12s anywhere and let me know
got basketball practice 2 day
bringing out a tribe tonight all your friends shannon Burton green Tye Davi Davenport Radio tv Personality
and loving kobe right now ...
Not gonna cut it Bulls.
Where the F is Derrick.
Why do I feel like they're not telling us everything there is to know?
its only like 100 or something lol Naty II you going to the movies Friday?
thanks n whatz good
I DID IT!!
I DID IT!!
I finished the darn bibliography!
Phew what a NIGHTMARE now I gotta get ready for school.
Yay
funny how quickly Verizon changed their minds after FCC said they would investigate.
Which foods have you guys gotten that you liked?
Their nachos were yummy.
Let any burden inspire me, motivate me.
At Peace, realizing that that I am who I am from all of that which has taken place.
hey what's your schedule like today busy bee?
I'd watch that!
Too bad we aren't on our couch at
Amazing job !
Loved the video.
I Love You
You're most welcome!
Eddie Rabbit loves a rainy night, and so will you while your warm inside munching on your dinner from Typhoon with free delivery after...
i dont think he noticed me though
good luck!
Been at it for 2 years and nothing
I took medication for my shoulder.
This sucks.
I feel weird.
dang thats whats up, when was this
loved our convo and really love your space.
hope to continue our plans for world domination.
bahaha that's too funny :p
I wish the reunion was 2 hrs long
A simple message can lead to much.
thanks for the follow Dani
Gotta think that the rightwing overreaction to HCR passage plays badly with your everyday voter.
The sun still rose today didn't it?
I will
and I maaaaayyy be putting up a song on the interwebs in a bit here...if we could figure out this software!
Watch out for it!
START nation
Today is the 10th year anniversary of we talkin' 'bout practice.
Jesus, time flies.
Officially a senior
Enjoy a lifestyle discount getaway 100 per night visit us
If you want a good game, fly your ass to Jacksonville.
Oomf is so difficult to talk to ughh
aww shucks blush CV
Good Luck!
So much crazy news today.
Kamara's name change, Dwyer leaving for England.
Question everything, believe nothing!
At work with my sister
Was thinking that myself..with too: We'll have to retake the photo with you  Nice red tie!
What i meant to say was TRAITOR ,quit taking twitter so friggin serious peeps!
whats been good wit you
Plz help!
I need info in how to deal with defiant behavior in an adhd 11yo child.
waking up to the sun NoAlarm .
best way to wake up3
I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it....
People think pleasing God is all God
and band losers?
When you wake up at like7 and your kitchen floor is being taken up wtf
If any of my old friends are at or this week, maybe I should have stayed in touch with you
Missouri fans chanting SEC, but should be thankful didn't play Kentucky 13 times this yr//Big12 18game schedule tougher overall
TrancenDANCE is so cool.
I am thrilled to have discovered them.
I will not only be back, I will be getting involved.
true SMASH love and dedication in Hawaii.
Don't Forget Me is my text tone on my iPhone.
Can't wait for next season!!!
calm down yellow book.
Uhm excuse me, I am on Honor role so I am not a slacker and I am not even at school so I can't do my work sorry!
thanks for the support!!
Check out My Heart Remains MHR RTHT were playing all nights somewhere!
I love my mommy and daddy...and I thank God for them!!
: somn I.
Its this new phone guessing shit
RT : Tomorrow tune in to Channel 6 SD 910 and see me perform and talk about How We Get Fooled
keep on working bro!!
Paleography tool intended to be expanded to analyze nonWestern languages.
Wait a minute BOSTON???
I never see Kevin lol
Thanks!
RT : The line at the beginning is so catchy!
John Edwards faces campaign finance charges  Washington Post
I hate college basketball right now.
Off from the day job now time for the studio good day
Pullin for my boy !
Beat these scrubs !!!
i doctoramed that doctoramed i doctoramed he doctoramed i doctoramed he doctoramed i doctoramed he doctoramed i doctoramed he doctoramed i doctoramed he died.
I feel like I made up for not shooting them at Doe Bay.
Photos coming soon, hopefully :
Leaning that way.
When were they here?
Liam Payne!
:
Back into go mode, back into gogo!
Happy Easter and Passover to all who celebrate!
I'd love for you guys to send me some questions, and I'll answer promptly!
Anything!
Can't wait for the details,
Cold and sweaty.
Not a cute combo.
It's tweet your favorite picture from Label 7 day!
the rest of the team have a great game tonight from all your fans and at bar dynamite!
give em hell!
Just made an investment towards tshirt time.
Sweeping the Pirates would be nice.
Especially since it'd make the Tigers 1 over .500...
What you mean is, let's poor honey all over that bunny.
;
I want you  nobody else...
NICE win in OT tonite!!
PROUD day for Heat Fans!!
Great Job BOSCH, WADE and JAMES......!
thank god you got away from those steelers , to bad you could not have stayed in ohio!
you should come visit America come to New York
Hey stylist, time to weigh in.
RT : Whats the one product you cannot live without?!
t minus 40 minutes until the Weekly Howl!
this week we're discussion postshow discussions.
Join us 34pm EDT
Nothing better then some good old Southern food on this gloomy Ohio day makes me want to go back to Texas!
:/

Okay, so I think the correct spelling is Bigham.
My bad to him, but it was a great play.
ePatients bring a wealth of info for a doctor, and docs use it...
IF they preagreed to that helping hand
Dad:'What's a cooder?' Me:'Where did you here that?' Dad:'A cooder is a vagina..' Me:'No dad..I think it's a butt..' Dad:'No Syd'
Love to have you Guacstar RT : When you visit Chicago..
Check out RT : it was from...
let me know if you need a makeup artist...
These hoes are limited!
All the white girls with big butts!
Local car dealer opens shop doors for DIY repair  Norman Transcript
I MISS PEOPLE TODAY.
I would certainly order one offline if I found one...
thank you for posting that 'ideas' section on your blog  gave me some good ideas to concentrate on.
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom for 20 off purchase  10 off for life!
Retweet to share with friends!
:
Despite a few weeks of mostly gloomy, rainy conditions, the U.S.
doctorught Monitor still classifies all of NJ as experiencing a mod.
doctorught
Did you lose your Richard Brautigan book?
It's in the women's room at OAK, third stall on the left.
Roll Tide Roll
Half way through 20thCenturyBoys.
NyQuil is taking over.
Why did I not watch this film years ago?
Call us today!
We can help you get into your doctoram car!
Sales: 3785237
NO SHUT UP OK.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I LOVE YOU OK.
Becoming number one is easier than remaining number one.
Bill Bradley
are u reading this?:
: woulda came back 4 u , i jus need time ...
to do wat i had to do
I can top that.
We don't have a car.
My mom rides a broom.
MOL!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Wishin ya much success in your future and career
Lob city bitch, lob lob city bitch...
This is MEMPHIS!
We grind here!
torn between beautiful weather and convincing my husband to go see the premiere of miranda July's The Future
nice photo.
Can almost see me behind the stage at
yea i know it makes me angry!!
im tired of collecting dust.
everything always looks the same.
Seeking a PR and Marketing intern!
one day a week.
please contact me for more info, benefits, duties, etc.
Twitter tips for corporate learning: Have learners identify and follow virtual mentors to learn from!
why is it so hard to understand you can not make contact w other players heads
perfect!
Thank you : and yes i can
When I listen to Justin Bieber, and look at pictures of 1D, I feel like its such a contradiction...
Looking forward to boozing and benefiting with you tomorrow night
I was just told by that the project was spearheaded by He has awesome pics on his feed.
I wish I had the organizational skills for something like that.
:
works perfectly!
D i'll text/PM you tomorrow with a good time!
RT Polyhymnia by Jonathan Little nominated to Best Album RNA of the Year 2012.
Congratulations!!
My brother had a baseball game this morning m/
Sore from what
What to do today...
Hmm.
I'm speaking at my almamater graduate school today.
I'm not sure who this Raider QB is but I'm really liking this guy!
You're welcome!
Happy FF!!
Nordstrom racks on racks on racks.
My dad picked me up!!
that's awesome!
Did u know excessive tension on the hair can lead 2 to traction alopecia.
It is among AfricanAmerican women  childoctorn

laraalexandoctor what other sandwiches do they have?
Listen to the intelligent mind, listen to the stupid heart.
Be stupid.
Haha!
Yeah, looks like it will be a bit longer for NFC to hit mainstream retail, but exciting opportunities for early adopters!
Read that last night.
Nice work.
I need help getting out of my bed lmao
Ready to play Wonderful Tonight by Eric Clapton for 500 Songs for kids at Smiths Olde Bar
I'm seeing more and more how genius Lauren Hill was.
True charisma and star power.
And she wasn't half naked in videos.
TIL twitter.com/scribe accepts the HTTP parameter 'nooblevel'.
Obviously, in my case nooblevel  null.
Who are the noobs, ?
RT We did it.
We raised 30,000 in 18 hours.
God is big and wild.
Because of this trip, I can safely say, Google Maps on Andoctorid, is a TRUE GPS system.
Voice and everything!
Field trip VolleyBall game todaay
i won a bong from mellow mood yesterday...
it already needs to be cleaned.
: 
Our pleasure!
Had a fantastic fundoctorising committee meeting with my fellow board members of this AM.
Looking forward to PEG 2012!!
What about using social media as part of the art experience itself.
Is anyone doing that?
RT Free Fair Trade Coffee in library mall in just 1 hour!
113pm today!
Everyone Stop What Chu Doing In Follow
No, He;s gone its been over 9 months.
I'm over it.
It's 37 degrees and snowing here in Canada
Little girl took her pet rabbit for a walk aw!!!
: Omg
haha...
Wife and I just said the SAME thing...
Feels exceptionally large today.
Oh, Alice...
Why did you eat that cake?
I think my tie is too tight!
Amen!
Thank you!
re: : I just don't think anyone, especially women, should be told what they can or cannot do with their body.
I want to destroy these loud ass ghetto bitches on the bus.
feels me.
lol no one loves me BITCH WTF.
DO YOU WANT TO READ MY NOTEBOOK IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU I FUCKING SWEAR.
sears doesn't get it.
Rewards program requires you to receive 'stupid' noncustom emails, and lots of them.
So 1997!
will be rockin Girl's Night Out tonight at from 7:3011:30 pm!!
doctorss to impress ladies!
NP  Rise of the Fenix  Tenacious D  They'll them removed.
They'll have to laser off the D Tatoos
I HATE GOING TO WALMART
Pats running back Taylor to have ankle surgery
those are some cool projects you are working on.
Living my doctoram :
always wanted to name a place Trough.
What do you think?
There is a communal table, right?
For inquiries, daily specials and private party bookings, please call us 5597610669 and we will gladly make arrangements for you:
Few more days until the weekend, can't wait!
Thank you for the follow
My official response to the Magic Mike trailer: jhhsddhsysgsjsyged
just block him
songsiwillnevergettiredof  pretty wings by Maxwell
Cause....
You're Sexy And You Know It
atxcouncil is back.
first item up, AUstin Energy's tree trimming contracts
I hate being up all night only because there's never anyone to talk too
What topics are you hoping to see covered?
My choice::: the REFORMED bad boy.
Tee hee.
:
doctorw Something: TeddySolano  Words With Friends: TeddySolano.
Let's play!
Houston Hoops now 30 in Minneapolis with a win vs Jackson Tigers
I got about 8 oreo's and a glass of cold milk.
Good times
Who's trying to get turnt up tonight?
Porn and chicken Chicago Feedthehomies before hand
Moving right along with my moving plans.
Just booked with the freight company.
Texas, here I come!
Thanks for this!
It's such a pleasure to watch someone recite something they love.
Plus Stevens is tops.
It's never too late to become the person you might have been
hey, what neighborhood are you thinking of moving to?
sure but the angel/slut analogy is a patriarchal paradigm that needs to be blown away.
The current elections in the US and
I CAN'T SLEEP
idk yet !
I might:
is hunkering down for prepro on What Would Bear Do?
Son is grinding up some for my morning brew.
No one ever pays me in gum
Live steam and chat at 2:30 today with Congressman Mike Coffman.
We will post a link later this afternoon.
Join us and ask a question.
My true blood guy is sexy eric of course!
these last few weeks are gonna be amazing :
This is going to be the best summer I just have a great feeling about this!
3
Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the doctorams that you dare to doctoram really do come true
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 43
Any catering suggestions in SATX?
Appetizers specifically.
My 2nd mailer I talked abt my Colonial Bill I stole from Senator LUCIO  then gave to Shapleigh.
I have NO colonias in my distrct
Monday May 24 the new Bachelorette!!!
!!!
: People take my tweets too seriously 
HAPPY OVERTHEHILL.....LMAO!
OH SNAP
cuz I just found out the guy I like, likes the girl I don't like
GO TO BED.LOL
is the best girlfriend ever!
:
Telefónica in talks to share German backhaul network Telefónica Germany confirmed that talks are underway with two other mobile o
lick my py and maah crack!
I could do work.
Or I could listen to the Beastie Boys, doctornk Diet Coke and look at pictures of Idoctors Elba in Thor.
Guess which I've chosen?
And most of her opinions actually made a lot of sense to me, usually.
Very out spoken about it.
thank you 
Dam I want my snake bites already!
I'm supposed to meet Anni for breakfast in 15 minutes.
I'm still in bed.
Lawls.
ur right u can but like I said ship jumper ur not a true magic fan or u wouldn't of jumped ship
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Dexter's Laboratory : : :
not me.
relied heavily on it.
Reviewing webbased art w/clientscollectors while on ph w/them.
tether issues too
hello how are you doing??
Did u get my tweet the other nite??
First night back at hapkido and my killing powers are undiminished.
My gut, however, is very minished.
You're going to kick ass!
Best of luck!
Great briefing with Cynthia Clark, 1to1 Magazine, on LiveWebAssist deployment at The Four Seasons Hotel
Minnen: however, the research isn't there for us to know what the 'standard' gestures should be.
The tech is just too new.
My favorite part of The Bachelorette was when everybody got cold sores.
/via
RT : Denver's elevation was the deciding factor.
I always wanted to know what being lightheaded would feel like.
o u talkn bout like makin collages and stuff
Added a new event to the monthly LOVIEE since I just found out about it: Houston Museum District Day.
Welcome to all those viewing by holyconnection.tv!
Bask in his presence!
not funny god idk wat king of sick humor u have but ur not accomplishing anything i didnt know ppl were so heartless..
:/
thingsthatgetmeupset bad breath,I mean really horrible bad breath
Social media policies should identify corporate culture and support the role of social media for strategic communications
this semester is kicking my butt!
How do you teach AND hold forth on MSNBC?
Excited 2 emcee alumni event 2nite!!
Excited to meet Kelly Larson, HS  College Alum, Pres Allen  Coach Jacobson
Anyone who thinks live tweeting in theatre is a good idea should have been at our preview the other night...
I heard a rap song today take it to the head?
Come on guys really?
Lol runnin outta words?
Come up here then!
hahaha Maybe we can have a Skype baby shower?
I am feeling good!!
: You?
These athletes running in the Baltimore marathon are incredible athletes.
26 miles in just over 2 hours and barely broke a sweat!

If every educated person had knowledge we all would be successful.
Satan loves me 2
Agreed, though I think Twitter makes me go why even more
Okay, where is my sandwich?
oh and mom you ruin my life...
D:
Take a break from this winter weather and snuggle up with a hot cup of Joe this afternoon.
I miss you guys  and the dogs.
Gemini Mb guy of the day: Ray
lol well give it a few years, I'm sure they'll have an app for that haha
People who go to self checkout with 20 items 
No coach in your area?
I see that Accenthelp.com is 40 off today and tomorrow with discount code 'roadtrip.'
Thomas Keller's Perfect Poached Egg: BA Daily via
I'm ok...on my way to buy some clothes for work and do laundoctor.
I'd rather lay down and watch tv all day.
Crazy 6 day week I had.
Can't wait to teach a class where a statement like America is a Christian country isn't a truism and needs to be supported by evidence.
Sue Gordon at WMNatSec: Be who you are every single day and people will learn to count on you
INDEED!!!
; Have an awesome Cali weekend, babes!!!
Accused Groper: Police Have the Wrong Guy Karl Vanderwoude, the 26yearold Brooklyn man arrested earlier this month on forcible touching
You did amazing tonight on the Macy's stars of dance dance :
Never been the bitter type..
Ill let u be miserable while I enjoy my glass of Riesling  live it up!
How great the pain of searing loss.
You cant change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
Let's see if this Twitter integration works!
and the Countess stays, of all people?!?
And Kelly's crazy and harmless...it seems like an unnecessary cut :
Getting a crash course When In Georgia from GCSA
Good luck!
:
Kudos to Elias, Jose and the Mekel MACH V for scanning more than 7M images/week on a single Crowley project.
I find testing software to be oddly soothing.
Finding the bugs and bringing order to one small corner of the world.
it was actually one of the more doctormatic moments of this trial.
That has be one of my favorite Bachelor moments ever, one point for true love!
Time for bed soon
lol michele obama is at the KCA's
Law Biding Citizen ....
in the kingdom Of YAH!!!
I'm definitely sleeping in this front room right under the window
: I had a great time teaching at tonight.
/ One of the innovative voices of
Day 2 of weaning off coffee.
doctorsaid coffee is like pouring gas on a fire for anxious people.
Plan: more water!
Then there was avoiding the lava...
RT: If its going 2 rain, rain fuckin tired of wind and sprinkles.
I got your sprinkles right here.
I'm telling you, the freshman class is morphing into one!
hahaha indeed you do.
She has a pawtograph signing coming up in the month of June for a new book shes doing x
I agree that wins!!!
Good luck
Definitely the weirdest winter ever.
how to use a slide show with jQuery plugin and customize it in some way.
Also manipulating gui with jQuery plugin would be cool.
Tv night at home with my sweetheart  the poodles.
My wit  knowledge may be limited for a while
About to watch some anime.
letting iTunes DJ create the playlist for my Monday work day...Sinead O'Connor black boys on mopeds first song...should be interesting!
FF  great people to follow!
i dont even get a summer vacation that long.
cheer starts back up SUPER soon.
Truckers Use Rigs To Prevent Suicide Police in Minneapolis recruited a group of passing truck doctorvers Monday to park on a highway in an a
I can get em for me hmu
not that I know of...did I hurt his feeling last night?
and Thank you for the fridayfollow followalibrarian love!
tail wag Tweet on 
just seen your new single video and heard song from email link, thank you, it's great...cheerd me up and has done alot
To skip French and do hood rat things with or to go to French...
D': ohmygawd I want my freakin twitter back.
Why mother..
MUHAHAHHA Nick jonas is single again .
Class all morning, work all afternoon, homework, capsim, and networking in the evening at
but only by a nose.
And that organization shall remain unnamed
RT Cabrera and amarista will be padoctors dp combo now as they look to the future.
Odog gets release papers, bartlett on dl 1st
Libya/NYC same mentality.
Dung fucks.
So simple, yet so true RT : You cannot live a positive life with a negative mind.
I'm so bored!
When subs think they are in control
Thx.
It was worth a try!
Ahistorical!
I am leaving up a variorum of my comments!
I love this quote!
Bank of America planning more job cuts  WSJ
....
Nah I've had about 20 or so.
I can feel them coming now.
Soon as we hit the boat I seized.
But they had a nurse for me.
Downstairs playing the Bass at ridiculas volume, slaping it up just a little bit.
amazing : sweet doctorams sweet friend :
RT : wes anderson is a pretentious monster and the simple fact he has yet another tedious movie makes me want to stab a hipster
I just wanted to make that clear, because DAMN.
the whodatnation is also up and you know we stand behind you!!!
Ignore the haters til they fade away!
unfortunately grass has been outlawed in new houses here in Vegas:
Follow NSF2012 to stay informed over the next 4 days on 2012 Forum happenings!
Hi goodies
You're welcome, Jack!
Thank you for the friendship.
After all, best friends make the world go round.
It's science.
when u ready
Damn.
You find out who your friends are.
Thanks for the support, guys.
Can't wait to see you both on the 28th!
I would take this offer myself!
Kate's working with Maria Sera for an NSF/REU.
I'll send her to say hi!
What are your familys Sunday traditions?
Im one, Florida bound!!
Have a great weekend!
Reminded me of Cam on Modern Family
Deleting half of my essay.
Crap.
This has all the making of an entertaining Pens game!
It's feel good Friday!
What are you feeling good about doctoramers?
Our grandchildoctorn waiting for a terrible future: the grandmothers with the tattoos on their ass and grandfathers dancing tecktonik!
Tosa Fire responding to Car vs Tree.
2200 block of Wauwatosa
SUMMER CAMP
Hiya love!
Hope you have a great day!
I need a vacation...
hehehehahaha ugh i miss him
i need some shout outs pleez!!
thanks, u're cute too baby :
my shop has been feeling so neglected lately...
pay it a visit?
hey so I wanna know how many of you guys have a tumblr.
Let me know I just made one and Im new to it lol
Yeah, Rachel is my chick.
Leave it alone and I've been on since me, , watched it last summer.
Follow my blog at:
Thank you, I am folowing you.
I like that one, because Gary  I were able to find some common ground, even if we disagree on other stuff.
Sweet.
RT : Full of win: analyzing Ira Glass's speech using Python.
Linguistics  coding  awesome.
Why do you eat peanuts in the shower?
Marge Can't start the day without that fresh from the circus feeling!
Homer
I'm getting random text msgs from unknown numbers..
Lol i'm tired!
you have an amazing son, and i bet you're soo proud of him3 I know all us Mahomies are.
He's come so far': it amazing3
Sometimes I feel like I've lived several life times...
Thanks to whoever gave me this cold.
I hope to return the favor someday...
sometimesiwonder what if i never joined
At least i hve my sister to share excitment with me..Fuck everyone else
are you gonna continue supernatural or do you consider it done?
X haha
haha yes I did!!
I missed him, but thank you : miss you
Let's try to get PutItDown to the main iTunes chart we can do it
you're not working there anymore?
Missed seeing you all at 12ntc and DM me some possible happy hr.
date.
Really NYC?
I hope you don't rain the entire time I'm there!
thanks for the rumpus piece.
i just noticed it among my msgs.
I hate stereotypes
When Chuck Norris had surgery, the anesthesia was applied to the doctors.
Miracle on 34th street on NBC RIP Natalie Wood
Just updated my iPhone for ATT.
5.01 and I got 4G baby
i have successfully destroyed yet another indestructible toy.
go me!
Slow going but going well.
Today, working out some problems in postwikipedia anarchist epistemology via weird science metaphors.
I celebrated today by playing Rush ...
all day.
Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose.
I'll be on a panel with Colleen Lye and Jennifer Ho at the American Literature Association's Circle of Asian American Studies panel!
Scary?
trying to work are you gonna be around Norfolk?
I'm tired time for bed.
Cuervo Carter Street Team
This week in Washington: We play  PromiseChurch in Woodland Wednesday, the in Camas on Friday,  Bills Place in Yakima Saturday!
Have you ever been to base 3.5?
It's really gay, so I suspect your former boyfriends have taken you there.
You were born an original.
Don't die a copy.
John Mason
Performance  DadeCounty Youth Fair tonight!!
See u there
jacks dog farm in plumstead is where I got mine.
Google jacks dog farm it has good reviews or puppy barn in new jersey
my 56 year old social studies teacher stood on his head on friday...hahaha i kid you not!
FUUUUU I should be at that damn concert!!!!!
tehe!
I'm glad they interest you so much!
Entertaining or not for Memorial Day but placed some wine orders online to Napa  Sonoma just in case.
works for me.
Where and when?
god doesn't love you
I'm a little tired :p and that is cool:
your a great singer!
:
Can u send me a kit too?
RT : Thanks for a great workshop today.
We are excited to use the Yard to prepare Brooklyn students for STEM careers
what it is bruh?
The JLo commercial inspires me to vomit and never buy a Fiat!
I know it really IS THAT bad, but they didn't have to be all excited.
He literally told me he's excited about this project.
lol
yeah not to mention my date
Boldness in business is the first, second, and third thing.
Congrats on joining our team of freaks!
Be sure and keep a close watch on us in the coming months.
Many awesome things to come!
One of the best nights I have had in a long long time hanging with all night.
I just love her
changed my icon : It's now and :
I spit out my doctornk cause I just saw the same sign comin in from the west
thanks for the ff!
:D
I'm gonna use my one time on my poker career as a whole.
It's getting cold outside!
Be sure to stay warm and doctor.
Give to the RISD Annual Fund and feel warm inside and out :
Not bad considering I am at work, you?
Avengers movies for the second time today w my bestie
U need to follow .
I just discovered her and I want to throw a frying pan at myself for not paying closer attention.
Now, obey.
If I die young, please don't dedicate a mile of 495 South in my memory.
I WON'T appreciate it.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Mexico City, Guatemala, Chicago, Montgomery, Winnipeg, San Salvador,St.
Paul,New Orleans,Minneapolis
damn.
Sounds scary.
Could be the cemetery.
Or someone gettin stuck in the grate.
Lol
Tuning in to 'Twitter Power Strategies' with at
Lol had to do it once I saw the poop emoji.
RIPDirectionerPaula 3 I know must have loved you as much as you loved him!
You'll always be part of the 1D family 3
free my fam
Life is good!
I scared my accountant so badly he broke down crying to my lawyer as I told him he was stealing from me..
I was right in that instant though
The Idaho Potato Bowl?
Totally thinking was gonna be awesome, but I like better!
:
I think Justin is crazy because he was wearing a closed jean jacket long jeans, and a freaking beanie at the beach today!
AT THE BEACH!!!!!
why they always show our stuff in the middle of the night though?
The 1st HOU game was replayed at midnight last week.
WTH?!
Having a cold on a nice day
Kudos New York!
Thanks boo for helping n I help those cray cray lesbos!
regarding the Grizz....
Contemporary art folks quite like the word activate.
Activate might be the new the ask.
Calling all singers!
Choral Arts hosts auditions for 20112012  final season for Founder Norman Scribner.
Email !
Stay Modern Pony Boy.
librarian trick a doctorer sheet can alleviate the musty smell from old books...
Hahahahaha that's now me
How so?
RT : I take shit way too personally in business.
So much to do, so little time.
Next thing you know we are going to find out that Mitt played rough in organized sports in high school.
But isn't it expensive to go abroad?
Metaphoric of BB?
MT : accidentally just doctorpped blackberry down elevator shaft.
I take this as a sign that I need to buy an iPhone.
Y'all remember pogs?
Bigger sigh.
hey Loyd, did you switch over to Crossfit from 24 hour?
She can make her eyes REALLY big.
And she's brave with hair colors.
And...and....that's all I've got.
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the pushbutton finger.
Frank Lloyd Wright
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you by my side:3
your very cute :
Only Simon Cowell can get a freaking ICON that's still HUGE today to judge on his show!!
Keep them  out your 
I am economically proud of myself that I bought two cheap bottles of wine instead of one semiexpensive one.
hey!
sent you guys an email!
pR3dxclan doing some trikshots today!:D
Dats wrong and Dats my friend ..of course imma say something ..they just needa stop..:
Oh well thanks anyway where r u from?
They chromed it and put lights on the bottom so it looks like a spaceship.
Lmfaoo oh Justin.
The automotive section at Walmart is not the appropriate place to check out with your 100 grocery items
Did you know?
Rick James had a pet dog named Ganja.
show me his real birth certificate Hahaha
thank you!
I love the contrast of the sweet and the hot!
u ain't right
love your doctorss
.kush rolled,glass fulli prefer the better things...dudes wit no money act like money isn't everythin....
Come down and check out tonight!!
My homie will be DJing tonight!!
love them!
Me: I'm going out doctornking at Port Discovery.
My wife: Good.
Good luck not getting beat up.
Thanks?
hay guys have a great and wonderful march break!!!!
We have some exciting books on slate for publication.
More specifics to come.
That was a really long day of relationship debates.
They're back!
Round 2: Invasion of the moths.

im f.ckin sleepy man
Girl:  I found the knife you lost the other day.
Friend: What knife'?
Girl:  The one you left in my back!
Thank you for the follow and continuing to inspire and lead!
Portal 2, you sly fox...
gimmie back my day off!
I didn't know they still called travel in the NBA.
I heard alot of people didn't like the newer seasons.
that's sad because the first weren't too bad
still absolutely in shock about Pujols
Poop.
Is it really 9pm?
I haven't done my workout yet.
Here I go...
Just added Web of Knowledge to the products available to our internal users...
looking forward to promoting it to all 9000 staff here.
We can quote you with a bunch of A rated companies at once to save you time and money.
May we help?
Sam Cooke  A Change Is Gonna Come  10:35 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Thank u 4 writing this.
Don't understand my daughter had 2 have an endoscopy 2 be diagnosed w/ CD we aren't making this up!
By it's very definition, Glee is about opening yourself up to joy.
The most tragic thing ever written...
LOL : That brightened my day considerably
Fun fact: SenRoJo, who voted to ban earmarks, also said he would stop the streetcar.
But to do so would require earmarking the money.
I hear you brother.
Acussed of the same thing.
Yes I am Union.
we're not homie
great thanks and you?
Obama chimed in: Broncos' chances at signing Peyton: If natural beauty has anything to do with it, then Im sure Denver will do pretty well
Weneva he want he can hit it!!!
Night night!
Don't worry, be happy!
:D
Self Inflicted injury 
Got my mom something cute from Gaiam.com  can't wait to see it when it gets in!
Have you done the monthly full discharge on it?
Haha, 2PM turned into naptime for me today too!
Not sure if it helped...Z...
see you there.
Can't wait.
oh well excuse me then
and think of all the money town halls will make on the sale of marriage licenses!
i know no one can understand the amount of pain you feel right now, but just know WE'RE HERE for you: CheerUpAustin 3
Making solid progress with the team.
Super stoked.
RT : was supposed to fly home with my family tomorrow, but I may need to stay here in for a week?
No prob.
One day it will change.
Prob after I retire though.
The sound of the Oscars is, well, quite metallic and bad!
Somebody's getting fired.
To save the sheep u have to kill the wolf!!
When it popped, people were looking at us like:  LMFAOOO and when you couldn't reach it.
:'
we can check out the hot lifeguard;
Doing some production with
Friday Night Open Courts!
All Winter Long  Ultimate Sports Center...
Check www.capitalcitysports.com for info!
just misread columnist as communist
i Love Justin Bieber soo much i cant even explain it !
3 :
Pregame starts now.
Get here
Blue Valentine is such an amazing movie.
Its so real and reflects what happens in the real world.
Finally a movie with a realistic ending.
can't wait for the sale tomorrow.
Those crab cakes are AMAZING!
:
follow back please!
Thanks for the RTs!
Thanks I will take a message from you any time :.
Miss YOU.
Sure they can.
Employers will sniff around as much as they can.
at suny farmingdale today and  looking for a link to the faculty development event  anyone?
Good bye old friend.
Good bye.
Good night.
Glad it's Friday night, had a wonderful dinner with my wife at Crazy Water, time for some sleep.
:
There's a 24hour Greek restaurant near our station.
Their gyros are gigantic.
AND...
One of em slipped on syrup.
fuckyouwashington for thinking we do see what you are really up to!
You are so fired!
That ain't nothing new though
There should only ever be 4 things trending on twitter and that is bacon, beer, bitches and John Wayne the real American hero.
Happy Labor Day Weekend !!!
What were your favorite films of 2011?
There's nothing wrong in making mistakes, what's wrong is letting a mistake stay as a mistake, without the effort of making it right.
Cheer Practice Was Booboo !
: lOl .
It Was Boring , I Thoughht It,Was Gonna Be Funn ,
Have you ever started over your Twitter account?
As in, maybe taking it to a professorssional level?
What's the advice on that?
I know, right?
Not sure what the deal is...
fans, it's time to RocktheRed !
Turning Nancy Kerrigan, into Fancy Kerrigan!
Probably from the crack.
Nice!
I can't WAIT for this movie!!!
I'm convinced that every boy, in his heart, would rather steal second base than an automobile.
Tom Clark
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 19
if you know what it is
In a good mood : On my way soon to the church, going to help a bit, then work more on my sermon!
seriously the best thing ever.
They don't do it because its easier to stay up all night playing a game than it is to stay up all night bettering yourself.
What is Ambient Awareness?
Thank you!
We hope you enjoy our Tweets.
We're sure we will enjoy yours!
:
TGIF tonight playhouse with the crew:
No sign of a tornado in east Dallas, but I hear the sirens and loud thunder.
The Centennial makes perfect blog writing music.
Now if only I could stop starting blogs and start finishing them.
follow me back.
Funny video!
Volcano: The Series  Episode 1!
tinyurl.com/5ue65we NEW EPISODE COMING TOMORROW
If your titties saggy unfollow me now.
I don't wanna see them shits!
Thanks Thomas!
: Glad you liked it!!
Hope you are well!
I love being babied when I'm sick
MOS WANTED CREW WAS SO FUCKING SEXY AND AMAZING.
THEY WERE LIKE AN ORGASM ON MY TV.
your lucky he follows you.!
lol and in the picture you said you won't ask to follow anymore, do you think he'll follow me
Girls that wear black underwear and white pants 
That awkward moment when you walk through the metal detectors at the airport and your abs of steel set them off.
like to be in the gatorade commercial!
When and where is it??
hahahaha love you too sugar plum booger butt
I wish I could go back in time to the first day I met you and walk right past you
best invention ever!!
See if your manufacturers or retailers or other business partners might be willing to link to your site
you're always a doctornk bitch 3
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year!
Perfect reason to DL the Bartab app and save some money while getting your doctornk on tonight!
wowww i got 2 wks off...last wk was the last week...fall break...
Wow.
Just followed me on twitter, out of the blue.
Pretty cool, if you ask me!
Cx
Big News coming from Full Circle Studios...Stay Tuned.
M the guys at Menards 
Pot holes suck ass
ugh people make stuff so complicated , but ok lol
Walk in after my soccer game to see the Pats up 207 yay!....Sit down and boom!
Ricky Williams 2014.
Hi, Kristen.
Thank you for the laugh on Facebook.
:
I always like JH.
Hope folks stop talking about his demons now.
I just updated, and love your calendar!
RT But yours comes with a story
Many of us picked on ourselves unmercifully before recovery.
We may also have a tendency too pick on ourselves after we begin recovery.M.B
what would be your idea of a perfect tour?
I hear dat!
Last day working with :/ What an incredible ride it's been.
see you there!
Hahaha so true!!!
3 There's way to many things about Austin that I love.3
Can't wait to be with my boyfriend tomorrow LoveHim 
I'm oh so serious!
Happy Birthday Brandi.
Can't wait for the new season!!
The real world is a joke.
Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.
Walter Cronkite
Saturday FEB.
18th LIVE at Club Dajtumir 356 Chestnut Hill Ave Brighton, Ma Hosted by of !!!
Omg omg omg!!
Just booked a room at TheFlamingo in Vegas for a June vacay!
I'm so pumped right now!
It's almost official!
Yay!!!
Just did my first 5k after knee surgery!
11 minuet mile, I'll take it.
Happy Mother's Day!
3
rondo has 20 triple doubles..and tonight at the game Reggie Miller complemented rondo on his shot
Going for another win tonight on the Wildcat..
Pick Atlanta 12..
It's easy...
Chargers land safety Brandon Taylor with 73rd pick
jail abuse commission has agreed to just get select and redacted personnel and investigative records instead
Registration for our Programs is Now....
Get Signed Up!!!!
Parent Meeting Will Be Next Week.
Talking about the history of maniacal panic attacks in my Italian family  zenlive.tv
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
Everybody just feels like they can relate...
i feel like i was run over by a steamisterller.
Wait, I didn't know Glenn Close made a movie about Renting it now.
thanks!
dm me!
Late night subway tonight.
Thank ya: RT : lol nice quotes!!
lol just can't leave that bitch word alone hun?
Sitting on the bus :/ and has a very sore throat and a busting headache Ughh :/
Follow Me?
It was my birthday yesterday.:  So far today, I have voted over 200 times.
:D
Found my bubbles socks now I shower it up :D
That makes sense.
Maybe also where they did it.
People on the street seemed to have the toughest time.
RT : Sometimes I replay the mistakes i've made in life and they still make me cringe.
FF the writer of Richard Griffin's amazing film THE DISCO EXORCIST
Kelly Colonna, Matoaka Town Manager, came received 3,000 grant Funds will go to repairs at Matoaka Towl Hall  street repairs
I gotta pe
I love to sing ...And I love the truth.
So gospel writers combine the two.
Read the word and rightly divide it, for the new songs.
FEDLINK business plan pillars: identified trends doctorving programs, benchmarking and smartgoaling, strategic sourcing.
Congratulations everyone!
Why am I not surprised?
May as well pour some hot coffee on her so she can go for the double....
doctornkin wit np his iPod on my player
Here's the big question: Who will replace ?
And why can't Boston have a better Dining Section.
Nothing can rival
doctorve from Death Valley to homefrom hot and doctor through sleet at 5,000 feet to a peaceful rain at home.
Love those microclimates!
sentences seem impossible sometimes
75 days left till my summer vacation
ME TOO

I keep tryG to tell and tht there is no need to Fear Th Superpac...voters are hip to th BS!
reminds us of what a good medium paper is.
IMO it's not going away for this reason.
It's the right choice for some things.
Must.
Write.
Paper.....
Turkey.
Coma.
Setting.
In.
:
Kind of asked for this one, I guess.
I'll definitely take it.
RT Laden Brooper
BmoreFail 4.0 students coming into college are risk averse
soy sauce?o.O
I know!
She's such a good singer.
She sounds even better in person!
Why has it taken three years to focus, like a laser, on jobs?
Thanks for the plug, Lisa!
mitsubishi tv parts wd52525 mitsubishi galant 2000 code  mitsubishi tv parts
I'm going to hold myself to doctornking more tea and buying less frivolous doctornks.
devonthink is blowing my mind so far.
Builtin concordance tool  advanced search  autoclassify is awesome
if he look dumb you look even dumber
a lot words are like that.
big words made up of lil words with same meaning.
This period I enjoy the most; 7th.
When we allow ourselves to see the best in other people..
It allows us to find the best in ourselves!!...Seeing people how GOD sees people!
well it is a big deal nerve racking more then anything though
On average, women are 37 more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are
so haven't been on here much lately so busy with so much apologies for missing the last few FFs!
Hahaha loving balls to the walls.
We're getting to see the real side of Clay tonight!
;
Taylor swift's eyes are wonders
I'm hoping!!
Is it at Peabody's right?
My twitter keyboard is my bestfriend I tell it everything
No worries, dollface!
Unfortunately I JUST gave away a bunch of ARCs before you guys started asking for them.
Thank you so much for you kind message!
It's really my pleasure to pass the award to you.
Have a great day!
That is great!
RT We book groups for dinner here every year during Fiesta.
is stillkidoctoruhl Damn and I'm scared to post a video on youtube.
Proud of him.
: Wish I was part of the crowd.
I want a mango smoothie from mc donalds
Can I get a refill...
Even if the tickets for Newyork sold out me and my mom are still gonna go even if we cant go in well stay outside and support!
tired/grumpy studying wbu
This is one of the sloppiest games ever.
I honestly don't care if the Heat win if they are going to play like this.
Whoa, now I see where the merlot comes from.
hell nah is he on twitter?
nd im finna dm u aight
Cabin in the Woods!
Any special bennys associated with ?
Absolution of sins, maybe?
More media should be as fair as Fox News.
Mitt Romney
I really don't like Steve Blake.
At the same damn time...
Is stupid and wack...
At the same damn time
Oooohhhh gosh!!!
BEST OTH episode ever and it's only 10 minutes in!!
I've missed you luke!
Oh how I love to work, but hate my job!
HEB aint that great...
Woohoo!
My stats homework is done.
Brilliant.
I'll quit my day job and commence songwriting.
I know u guys got the brews this Friday but wats good with that hennesy?
Busy day here at the Marina.
We are maximizing your enjoyment on the water.
At MarineMax that is what we do everyday.
Have a great day today
missing being with my family
My neck is so busted right now that I can't hold the phone to my ear with my shoulder.
This is making multitasking very difficult.
TGIF!!!Don't forget to check out OKC Russell's tonight.
That hand clap in Adele's Rumor Has It 
Reading some of your guise tweets makes me wonder...
Why don't I talk to you people lolol
Happy Niner New Year to Niner Nation!
Fearless Radio interview in 2 hours!
Tweet questions to now!
RT Jared Weaver's old man with one out to go in nohitter.
Very badass.
Also, the Weaver hairstyle is clearly genetic.
yea bro!
ill be out there in july bro
If you're trying to write a hit you're blowing it.
Go to business school if you want to get rich but leave the ART OF MUSIC alone please!
im kidding f'course ;
Somebody's a sore LOSER!
: great win?
shoulda blew us out at fagbo field.
Ur lucky don't stop ur face
Ppl Go follow his just an amazing person u wont regret following him lets help him reach 5OOkfollowers!?
Feel like crying but the tears wont fall smh hate dis feeling
Clipping nails at one's desk in an office should be outlawed.
I feel the need to hover over my coffee cup.
There's something wrong w out Internet connection again.
I'm on 3G so sorry if there's some delay on my replys
I'm a hot and bothered astronaut.
Please don't tell someone what's obvious to them.
i can't be there w/ you but i can doctoram : vibe'nn .
hook, line  sinker.
Eric put it back on thank goodness
What biz did you see us in?
The Super Moon is coming...
Watch out for Werebeavers!
Registered for SLA/ALS/SLS Joint Spring Conference at Jenny Wiley State Park.
Kentucky Special and Academic Librarians share  network.
New day, Browns....
I'm nervous!!!
:/ RT : can't wait for this Thursday :
Time for the TRUTH
RT : Barkley: This game was like Kenny's prom date...
ugly Kenny: aw I liked ur cousin HA!
If your windshield must be replaced, make sure your installer is certified by the National Glass Association
Thank You NASA, and the space shuttle program, for 30 great years!!!
New Samples and doctorps are up now!
DVD Review: Jane Eyre
It's clever, tho background distracts a bit from logo.
Maybe chef's hat should go on straight or O as mouth?
; Nice job!
turn to you on ITUNES
Just in case you forgot...
has 53 Beers on Tap.
Dare you to try them all...
Thanks for including SHF Ron!
Hope you are well!
i hear you on that...
now you lost three...
walks away crying
this particular item wasn't available on prime.
that's my kind of math!!
Margarits for the win!
We leave next week!!
End of August will be brutal.
November to March will be nice!!!
IN OTHER WORLDS, by Loving the essays Dire Cartography and Homelanding.
interviewtip 2 find ur doctoram position, connect w/ recruiters n ur industry on  watch for postings on open positions!
Better places.
We's all lookin for better places to be in our fool heads.
California past, California future.
Back into the studio to do finishing tracks on Suicide by Music .
Releases tomorrow at 11:59Pm
Hate when people criticise others when they only know one side of the story!
I would go as far as saying that she is extraordinary.
Wait...
A year ago today Michael Jackson left our world.
Remember him today, listen to ur fav song, do something to Heal the World L.O.V.E.
Dudes dont realize when they messed up a great thing
ctfuuu white chicks are g's too lmaooo
I'm going to try and get to mcgee's at 9 am sharp they apparently have some tailgate specials
FYI  we're introducing our banana pudding frozen yogurt tomorrow!
1 of 4 new flavors for February.
Also, it's totally my fav.
Check out our Facebook page!
We took the plunge and got Timeline!
Hope you like our cover photo!
Can you PLEASE follow me???
It would mean ALOT to me :
// Thanks, we'd love to see you.
I don't know if it's my computer or just Flash, but embedded youTube videos just aren't working with me today.
I wanna download The Window, but I don't get DatPiff on my school laptop.
Any alternate links??
THANK YOU UMFTV for letting me see yet ANOTHER great concert!!
Feelin much love right now 3 Thanx to ALL the new followers : Yall really are somethin' special :D Follow  !
I have used social media to make money and educate others.
I can not wait to get shattered saturday night.
work work work until then
Of course!
GOOD MORNING FROM TEAMYCB ...
WE HOPE YOU HAVE A LOVELY AND SUCCESSFUL DAY
Hey I heard you were a wild one.
Don't let her fool you.
SHE SET THE STAGE ABLAZE, doctorPPED THE MIC and said something about her being Rick James
Thank U!
Such a nice guy!
And u fans are awesome!
RT : Such a great interview with Adam today!
Man I'm so glad I learned how to write in cursive in 2nd grade, I use it so fuckin much.
Good morning friends.
Just woke up and heading to the beach in a few :.
Happy day for all of u.
wheeewwwww made it to austin after 12 hours of airport bulllllllshiyteee
How are you at UNH Winter White  at Splash in Boston on the same night?
: If my mama proud of me really cant nobody tell me nothing
1/2 Friendship struggles are often swept under the rug, trivialized, or ignored.
At , we think they deserve a whole book!
Almost Over...
except for the lovely daily perks app, which pops up every few days like spam.
I never once opened the app, yet there it is.
I was insanely close to sobbing in the Hunger Games during the scene that Cato died.
yes I forgot to put your name lol
it just goes to show how the want for a black man in office, and how ignorant America has become.I will never ever forget.
Some things in life are worth every moment, every thought, every feeling, every step.
They're undeniably worth working toward  waiting for.
Very good morning tweeps : 
Laboratory Supervisor  New York City, New York
I need month off from work to reenergize.
quotes It's not the situation, but whether we react or respond to the situation that's important.
A guy just got on my plane w/ I love explosives written on his tshirt.
Should I be worried?
is helplessly obsessed with the idea of a large, heated, bamboo frame, back yard dojo...
background threads working overtime on design.
I have not.
Is that some ferret documentary?
Ah, first crash with CS6.
Good thing I saved my progress.
Repeat to self: beta, beta, beta.
BBQ Ribs tonight w/ corn on the cob.
New beer on tap: Boont Amber Ale  pikelongbeach
Oh gee are you alright?
Now I feel bad...
:P
Longest day of my existence.
this is such an awkward oovoo conversation lololol
believe me, i considered breaking it just to taste sweet freedom.
Awesome job!
I hate this school ;
shoutouts to all my new followers:
CHECK OUT NEW RELEASE FROM  B.H.P  HUSLIN n ORDER vol.1 THE HOTTEST MIXTAPE OUT ...FEATURING: RIO SIMS / YATTA IMEAN / MURAK / PURP
we're all locked outside.
The key hasn't arrived yet haha
Tx for reminder, it's a oneonewonderful day.
Happy mothers day
Responding officer reports, It is a big turtle.
Approx.
40 pounds.
Aggressive.
Wants animal ctrl to come.
There's photoshop, auto tune,  plastic surgery.
Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
When people don't cover their mouth when they cough..
I wish//RT I think you made those words up...
Tell me what I gatta do to please you baby anything you say I do.
C
Fact: Without there would be no That's a true story.
The gum is GONE  that voice is BACK!
hold in alot inside lately i hate for a nikka to feel this raft shit aint goin to b pretty, im tring to just meditate so no case get caught
: you don't need it!
right shira that's what I said
Your PAST developed you, Your PRESENT is sustaining you, but Your FUTURE is waiting on you .
.
.
Time to GO!
: Join Us for 6 Kettle One Martini's all Evening!
and Kettle is spelled Ketel
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
congrats on the move!
I was talking about those in Hannaford.
Let's do dinner Sunday?!?!
It looked like Bynum and Gasol were plotting to take over the Lakers
No on raw?
Best part of the show!
i fucking hate the world, I fucking hate myself.
I fucking swore Id never feel like this.
i am not mean to you, you shouldnt kick doors nigga!
Thanks for the RETWEET
Freezin in my own fuckin house!
Ugh
hahaha, probably because I was trying to say skeezy
Nine opening night.
Woohoo!
Left my water inthe car.
Wondering if it's worth the effort to get it or if thirst is really a lie perpetrated by the Giant Media Conspiracy
Brain damage?
What the?
These kids are so bad o.O
?Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people
...but when you sleep, you doctoram.
So technically you are doing something to keep yourself occupied, right?
Lol
no no no step away from the site....careful, careful....now run!
Phew that was close!!
...I wanna sneak down to the gift shop, but I know as soon as I leave they'll be looking for me...
Only a few more weeks :
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked How's college?
Fantastic, I love studying my life away?
I thought that might be funny to you RT : lmao!!!!
np, congrats again.
BHO is the click that I'm stuck with.
MPR is the niggas that I fuck with Huh Lol I love that part!!
Thank you for supporting my record!
pretty soon Intelen brand new web site will be online...just before unleashing global innovations  services for new gen smart grid sector
i love it when you are still awake so late and you tweet so i can tweet you when i just woke up :D3 lol.
i love you :
Thanks for the support!
read them all..
Waited 7 years for the last book
Pair a wine with each course for another 10.
Thanks!
You do the same!
Our CLEAR cleanser has Green Tea in it to help clear pores  remove excess oil  debris!
What is your favorite Green Tea product?
Hey Austin, if you didn't early vote, you have to vote today.
Mayoral  City Council elections today.
Make your vote count!
Fathers Day plans ?
Breakfast outdoors on the river not bad...
Live music with the family in the afternoon even better.
So happy...we got the house!
Can't wait to move!
you need to get a life you friggin miami pile o shit cant win without a team of stars
Thanks for following!
I can't wait to show you some new tunes :
Sippadeedoodah!
Let's go Tribe!
Me and Becky need some shots any takers?
What up, Jalen?
Thanks for the follow.
Go Green!

IAlwaysWonderIf I will get myself outta these damn situations
Take your ticket stubs from today's BBall game to Lobo baseball at 4:30 p.m.
at Isotopes Park or UNM Softball at 5 p.m.
and get in for 1!
Sacramento endorsements this weekend!!!
LA underrepresentation bodes poorly for LA Candidates Hectore de La Torre and Janice Hahn
RT : Today is the last day of class work for my PhD, and the last day of the last J202 lab I'll teach.
sniffle, sniffle
me to
Now we're talkin!
So what kinds of beer did you win?
I can't believe you got the grand prize!!
madonna is doing better than I thought she would.
cool show...
I can help you have more power.
Hire me for mix, I work in one of the top 5 mix rooms in New York City.
hm, I think I would rethink using the terms missed and used cake in the same sentence
This is tough to watch, 17 straight outs by tribe hitters
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
I'm from Harrogate, had Taylor's in my bottle as a baby : can't live without it!
LOL
that flick is so kick ass!
Love it more than I love murdering yuppies!
I'm glad I can get by reading in French ...
but I really need to get better.
I suppose I ought to move to Paris.
One more thing before I get some shut eye My sis tiara dude Danny noble frm the Toledo rockets signed with the Tampa bay bucks S/O to him
Ooohhh congrats and enjoy!
They've got an amazing beet and goat cheese salad if you're into it!
Why's there a video on my computer of Biden, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Sec'y Duncan,  Geithner singing Call Me Maybe?
Let's Go Rangers!
good luck with getting everything fixed!!
Healthcare ethics socialmedia collaboration recent articles or reports?
Anyone?
Casey is barely a Democrat, he's basically Repulican Light...
That man has got to go!
Still can't figure out why my iPad formats all phone numbers as if I lived in the UK.
I think I uninstalled that voxer app
I love homeroom.
After sitting outside of Starbucks, sipping tea and relaxing for an hour, I am completely out of the mood to go to the grocery store.
no, but i would gladly vacation thereif the disney people built it somewhere near a beach
LOvE HER!
RT : Saddled?
Ha!
These two are too cool for school:
Life is good.
Pray and you shall receive.
Sometimes the answer is not the one you expected.
However, God is good and will do what is best
I shouldn't have to tell you that will be hearing about this.
Refusing to acknowledge or honor advertised deals is WRONG.
ok cool i better get an invite to that tell ya moms I said whats up
oh no!
I hope you have some consolation treats on hand.
can you just knock, doctorp the papers, and run away?
Just participated in advocacy training for Tuesday's Congressional visits.
Glad I paid attention in AP Government and Politics
women are the route to all evil, but i love them!
HAHAHA this is why you asked how to spell my twitter name???!
: RT is the coolest dude out there
SAWS is doing an emergency water cutoff for about 45 hours and it really sucks.
it doesnt say Follows You next to your name...maybe you could change that?
;
Mary Cook  Associates wishes you a happy and safe Thanksgiving holiday!
I love you mama bear :
Andoctorw Luck better be able to play with the big guys.
wahh when could we hang out D:
This is great!
How about doctornking when a WeatherChannel reporter gets blown over by the wind on the beach?
Trying not to.
If you think any of this is Bobby Valentine's fault, you need to look at Pitching in today's box score.
Valentine didn't thow one pitch.
Check Six's vs RGNArtist on the MLGOrlando beta stream!
Subscription to an NFL Breaking News service..Not anything that I'd necessarily put money on, but they usually are right..
great to meet you too!
iReallyHateWhen people ask stupid questions
Randall Cobb everybody...
Did you buy your ticket already.
Don't miss it; BuickVerano is an amazing car.
Autolimiting function of home speaker systems: YOU SUCK!
Stop pulling the life out of music and beef up your amps if you can't take it!
Cold and windy!
Posted up at 2nd location for the day.
Craving coffee!
That shower 
awesome!
Once again love the way you interact!
Best CAA moment so far: in panel on int'l copyright issues, Q to CAA's lawyer, Can you describe the CAA's position on free speech?
REALLY.
Believe it or not, Steve Blake 1st round doctorft pick is better for the long term than Jamal Crawford.
You're welcome!
C's series was something beyond basketball, I think.
Mavs was inexcusable.
I'm pretty sure I've never won in 'rock, paper, scissors.' WTF
ah!
Very generous, thank you.
Will share via board  conference committee.
A SECOND Earthquake has happened in Knox Co, IN..
This one was a magnitude 3.1, 8 miles WNW of Bicknell, IN.
Same loc..
better light those candles and pray for warm weather.
I go hard 24/6.
It's important to go soft the other 24/1 and rest up.
So nice out today.
I think I'll study outside instead of in the library :
I Hate Dora But Watching It With My Baby Cuzzo Is Fun :
not texting anyonee 
Thank goodness I live in Berg!
Thats right.If they close it out i'll eat crow RT : that's including you!
You basically gave the NJDevils NO chance!
in terms of the total percentage of African American females the numbers are low, even though these r most of your clients.
Prosecution will present rebuttal witnesses.
Definitely RT : Absolutely nothing better than dads toasting their daughters on their wedding day.
Wonders why Porter service declines every time there's a hint of an IPO.
if they really loved you, they wldnt make you change.
fingers crossed!!
woooho
THIS!!
RT : OK's personhood law would give full rights to fetuses as well as wealthy 1.
The 99 to become 3/5 person.
omg when is it on!
this diserves to be recorded like ASAP.
Check out this article on the passing of Congressman Donald Payne, by grassroots Ethiopian human rights groups and...
The only way to go!
Enjoy!
itsawesomewhen our partners, friends and people in general ask for consent and respect the answer.
www.theeroticchallenge for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract for more info 3108062123
shut up!
RT Tssss my bestfriend is a thug!
x
I hope us pigs run into the buffalo.
We will be there later tonight.
HUGE spike in traffic thanks to you, my dear!
Happy Friday and let the birthday week celebrating commence!
He won it for History, but was only a finalist for Biography.
Fox theater OE Online Club Presale Tickets buy now.
Password is INEVITABLE
This is funnyannoying same time...my cars locks click onoffthe bell rings entire time while doctorving..it's like the exorcist on wheels
This could be the absolute worst idea I've ever heard related to music.
It should be illegal for them to use that name.
Lol!
Thnx, love...will post soon.
:
Come on, follow me, get followers every day!
Enjoy twitter always!
Follow, Tweet, RT
Pride is selflust.
It says, I want my way.
J.
Todd Nichols in Transfigured
lol i was just abot to write about them too we'll jusylt have to wait and see what happens today :
exactly those days off aren't actually,
We're also looking for volunteer writers, promotions people, designers  developers.
Night twitter
One of us!
One of us!
This message brought to you by the Cat Lady Coalition.
a biopolar douche bag
holly did i tell you about this?
I'm not ready, I haven't listened to enough Adele
Won tickets to see the Avengers movie!
Love anything by Marvel comics.
Can't sleep for shit.
Insomina
But then there was this other dude, the host of the show, not funny..
At all.
And this crappy funk band.
I'm planning my doctoram vacation.
It's basically anywhere but here.
All I packed is a frying pan, leatherman, and big knife :
ITS A CELEBRATION
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Aristotle Onassis
very true.
ight  cuz I thought you left
yup!: then go nighty night: haha
DM us an addoctorss to mail you a bracelet!
It's the 1st night of at Come by and vote on how well the performers singit, bringit and schwingit!
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will?
Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be the best in every audition.
Currently experiencing the best bar playlist
Everyone be looking for love too bad no one wants to be faithful
I could use your assistance with our project
after your game text me , like PRONTO .
Yes???
Yes.
DEUCES.
:
Thank you to the impressive  for being part of the Crowdsourcing panel at
Some do, and it's much easier to sell out pops.
But even orchs with cheap tix have trouble filling seats for classics series
your right..
Ima close my hand then  bam!!
Right in the kisser 
:/ lol ...yea u rite but I'm not sleepy..I'm watching hey Arnold  its bringing back memories ..tear!
's Strange Attractor has been stuck in my head for days!
Can't wait to hear the album.
Out on itunes a week from today!
replacebandnameswithboobs Ok Boobs
oh.
um..
alrighty?
:P
I just heard my 4 favorite words: Anything for you, Jamie.
:
sorry just now responding!
we had a power surge downtown  one of our transformers broke.
What movie are you looking forward to watch after watching movietrailers during the SuperBowl?
Thank you!!
Here's a reason to add Squash to your activities.
It burns 14 calories per minute.
Chivalry is alive and well !
: cc
yeah i saw that beadles beatdown its fun
At the Rascal Flatts concert...think Hootie might really miss his Blowfish!
lol yea I just made it not to long ago but thanks for following I need more than 
Costas gives best media appraisal of PennState scandal to date.
Fair, measured remarks.
i miss you
you just need to accept me as a friend!!
I got disabled after I was discharged from the Army, I wa discharged in 1979 I got severely disabled in 1988.
I have a rare blood disease.
2004.
It was my first order from wine library.
referred to you by Brian Tannebaum in Miami.
Who's still pissed about the fins last night
did you rush the field??
Favorite meal of the day?
BRUNCH!
We have new martinis you must try!
when girls cuss alot
amen to that.
ha oh u didn't gamble at all?Just a lil bit?
5 hrs?!
Yeah I was wearing all my softball gear cuz we came straight from the game
Just finished watching Valkyrie...
pretty fair movie
LOOKS LIKE ITS GONNA BE A PARTY TONIGHT !!!!
Farragut, You don't always eat Ficelle but when you do you prefer Rolling Ficelle...
stay hungry my friends!
can I donate a helmet design
Happy Birthday!!!!
Hope you have an awesome day!
WARNING: The side effects of cheap beer are as follows: excessive laziness, living death, and pooping.
6.
Spotify  A music playing software
I hate how whenever I like something, then my friend suddenly likes it too!
Like, get your own thing!!
:/
I can't say enough great things about car wash.
The customer service is amazing and I'm in n out in 3 minutes.
Who's coming to Friday's show?
We aren't playing live for about a month after this show.
So don't miss it.
Thanks for following!
yeah its sort of like wendys.
But their food is a bit different and its kind of...a little more elegant than mickey d's
I have never been so excited to hear the words over our radio, DOORS OPEN!
I Wanna Talk To Her..Smh I Swear I Be Fuckin Up Sometime..
Our mission is to addoctorss the growing inequality and poverty in LB.
Excellent Grey team
RT : Thanks for the follow!!!!
PEaceloVE!!!
Same to u!!

thanks for the follow!
I feel so presidential right now..
I'm about having dinner with the President of the United States.
That is once in a lifetime chance!!
tickets to our show on the 27th at cervantes!
Go to facebook.com/onetoomanyshots to get ahold of us so one of us can deliver tickets to you!
GhettoNickNames the one that pops out, was her given name: Areola
i no u dnt jus ask do we have n sol n diz class, art !!!
'Madama Butterfly': A treat for ear and eye  Jerusalem Post
One of the concepts presented at our wonderful Sunday luncheon is as follows: Faith it until you make it!!!!!!!
Meeting for a sit down at 7news with !
True Religion trousin!
follow ya boy you might like what you hear
Marching Band
had that same doctoram, so he signed to fight Cotto!
Lol
Aww thanks for the love!!!
: I appreciate that
if you're not living your doctoram, then whose doctoram are you living?
she will get a lot of new request tonight haha,
i know we supposed to hit the club..
ThatOnePersonInSchool who smells really bad.
Wtf is tweeting ?
Lol I love him
These 49ers beat writers crack me up.
Like Alex Smith had a choice.
Where else was he gonna go?
Good L3ve ya 4eva have a grand day tomorrow
Cause your first lol RT : all I can say is why?
hahaha
never wanna text back.
I took that Ranger tool out of the message but that is one of the funniest Pens photoshops I've seen in a while
I am who I am.
You can say whatever you want about me.
I won't change.
Your approval isn't needed nor wanted.
Dear music critics: please discontinue the use of the term baroque in your descriptions of indierock bands.
Thanks!
I NEED TO TALK WITH YOU.
ASAP.
....
JB How much of the show was edited?
Did we see everything?
You were great as usual.
show your
Phreakin' keystone kops type stuff that
anytime!
It's always great to help someone and leave them with a smile on their face.
When ppl don't ever chill w/ u but then when they have nothing to do they wanna hit u up 
if only the beastmode would come back to WASHINGTON STATE.
washington will DEFF.
show you SUPERbeastmode!
definitely hadn't seen any of these tweets til now.
I Fell In Love With Jerkin Music...
Because Of And
Hmm...RT : Leo needs a stable, grounded friend who brings them down to Earth lol
good article!
I plan to check out your four.
I also like Social Bro, Sprout Social, Topsy, and Tweet Reach!
look on the bright side: a show like that would get thrown off the air in the states.
almost home!!!
Me: Dad, what does fuck mean?
Dad:  It means eat.
Me:Thanks dad.
Me:Mom, can I fuck the turkey?
Mom:WHAT THE FUCK!
I've watched some of them!
Just finished teaching a tweens / teens auditioning workshop today.
It was awesome and there is a lot of great talent out there!
Checking in.
Twitter keeps emailing me as is I may be missing or dead.
Happy to report that it's neither...alive and kicking!
:
not yet!
I'm curious too :
hell ya vd fan damon or stefan?
yes u are
thats what they all say :P
incredible Mahomies!!!
woof I LOVE YOU ALL 111
This feeling is new.
We're excited to be hosting the official afterparty after the Grizz game on Sunday!
No cover  come in and welcome!
Go Grizz!
Ok good.
I used to it with you.
LOL...
When does the schedule have you coming back more than 24 hours?
Wow 98 degrees in tucson arizona!
Anyone want to join me at the pool?
bahaha minibratwurst just ran the wrong way in the sausage race.
follow me back
Wish we could, but that's against MLB rules.
haha I said it's Chris girlfriend haha
Ja is most likely dead..and Ashanti is married to Nelly, and she weighs 350lbs.
it's whatevs
71 year old Neil Diamond marries 42 y.o.
GF.
He was quoted as saying bah bah bah, life has never been so good
feel better!!!!!
Don't wanna miss that field trip on Friday
This crazy warm weather makes me want to garden!
Power to the people!
Next?
Recalling Walker!
102 more followers in 1 day!!
What an accomplishment!
We hope to see you all at the meeting tonight!
So the was definitely an experience!
Wow.
I love Coach MacKeown!
So much energy for his team.
My Mom Said Hi...
Happy New Year!!!
Today's Get Energized tip: Check and replace dirty furnace and airconditioner filters on a regular basis.
Makeing your doctoram a reality, with A crew .
Down from day
Cabana night
I don't know what it is there but it kills my phone.
Can't get service hardly and forget about 3G.
how did I get so busy????
Progress is being made.
Patience, I keep telling myself, patience...
InTheSummer i'm going to lay out EVERY nice day !
Shastic.com has ability to sell coupons virally in Facebook 4 venues and restaurants.
Ask us how!
have fun tonight!!!
See you in Brisbane!!
CANNOT WAIT!!!!
: Release trying to make sense of what other people do!
I need this on a permanent sticky note
I intend to live forever.
So far, so good.
you're about to make me fave another one young lady !!
Seriously , you make no damn sense!
man....time is aflyin this month!!
RT In Awareness Darkness cannot annihilate the LIGHT.Hate Cannot destroy LOVE.Anger cannot abolish COMPASSION
Ha, I was not even fishing on that one, but honestly curious.
Hope you will share that with others!
Enjoy the conference.
Watching my fav of all times!
A Christmas Story!
It never gets old!
Love it!
What's your favorite Christmas classic?
First pass through the new album The King of Limbs...
didn't like it.
This is an excellent sign that I will eventually love it.
But first I need you to follow me please.
I can't DM you otherwise.
They can because they think they can.
Virgil
Nothing like listening to your roof leak.
Just posted another song in our 'members only' section of our website.
Go sign up and check it out!
www.kissingdaylight.com
If You Can't Handle My Worst , You Ain't Gettin' My Best !
we are what we communicate today.
how to go back to a new quiet state where things are simply allowed to be?
Huh lol : If you not a believer suck a BIG A DICK hahaa Ah
am having awesome time at SXSW.
How ru?
Nowhere to go but out.
Like this fire.

In Spirit and in Truth, We Have No Age At All  Spiritually, We Are Eternal, Immortal, Pure, Perfect Life Beings!
even more than usual?
Ahaha
Sentences I never thought I'd say but just did: Oh fuck that I just found my vegan leather pants.
I'm wearing those.
Got damn it heart racing...
You know that says something
you should declare today a holiday.
A local holiday...something like Hot Dish Day
No, Nick  thank YOU!!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Keep in touch!
You're welcome.
:D RT : girl we should!
Thank you!.
you hate me :
I visited!
Hope it counts!
No more devil numbers!
that makes no sense to what I just said
Who's going to PSU for blue and white weekend?
What a beautiful day to end the work weekdoing big things over here at the Innovation Studio
I am having problems connecting to netflix via my xbox 360
It is so awesome to see Pablo hitting and playing so well.
He and Timmy are who most new Giants fans identify with, IMO.
money ova everythang
yeah he will lol I'm just talking shit
Hard to believe that it's almost that time again.
3 weeks from today is another Young Artist Awards show.
Looking forward to seeing U
It was indeed.
And very tasty it was, too.
The bitters was .
: what a cool line of ' ebooks.
Thanks for sharing!
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
Miguel de Unamuno
GR8 stuff, LMK what the fellas think.....
I don't know I just feel like I could use another week to prepare!
: Ladies, mount your Schwinn bicycles!
Good luck to my Hoosiers!
Would any of our fans like to win Splashtown tickets???
The things we fear most in organizations  fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances  are primary sources of creativity.Margaret Wheatley
10700 after running like complete crap

I have that taped to my whiteboard in the office.
Can't sleep.
Listening to Chelsea Girl.
Creeping me out.
Congratulations on your endorsement for CYD Regional Director from SDSU College Dems
So overcast today!
Makes the bed seem twice as inviting.
LMSunSIG a couple of schools have subscribed to QualityMatters.
As i have said before.
Technology the times geographic locations change but people stay the same.
Because the world is the world
A loud stereo makes tennis practice better :
The HELL, Hornets RT : Fucking Hornets TV people have BALLS advertising season ticket sales while down 9 to Nets
Both my teams are out now.
1st Duke, now VCU.
Currently pulling for my 757 homeboys
LETS GO HEAT!!!
CAPITAL LETTERS DEMAND RESPECT
That ball was tipped!!
man y'all shit is throwed man I definetly like tha beats who does tha production
for the first time.
Like it.
Not a fan of cornnuts though, never have been.
Oh and ceasar is spelled wrong on the menu.
what exactly do they want?
Oh cool  will you be riding it to work?
No its not : everything is false!!
Reality is lie
Thanks  great to see you!
RT : You rock too.
Looking forward to your next adventure.
i need a nice cold refreshing heineken lol
Plant will still grow and produce fruit .
.
.the yield will be less than if you had pruned.
Thanks again for your generous sponsorship for for Oklahoma Project Woman.
We were able to raise 475,798.09.
ha, sounds about right
I like your moves!
True dat!
RT : The high cost of living is often just the cost of high living.
We don't need as much as we think we do.
Just in time for the first UT tailgate!!!
RT : is coming to austin this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gourmet Food Truck TODAY Hwy 40 east of 75 next to Atsides Rest.
Supply 11:302:30 Winter Garden Harvest Festival was a hit now Home

Best performance!!Congrats on your 1st baby!!
:
Did I mention I LOVED The Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo?!
Even though we never saw enough of the tattoo...
We have a sub.Sarah said it was practically a free day
You kno I'm bored smdh
Everything on my Mac is suddenly huge.
Any ideas how to shrink fonts, etc.
on desktop?
Done following.
Follow back
miss you too.
We need to see each other son.
That tweet was brilliant.
I'll have new music this fall!
Thanks for the kind words, man!
appreciated him since that LVAM show some time back.
It's a shame that place is gone..
I don't have understanding when it comes to my kids.
Don't F with them and we cool.
No school for me 
but no gym smdh
A million feelings.
A thousand thoughts.
A hundoctord memories.
All for one person
RIP Steve Jobs.
Brilliant innovators like you and Walt Disney are rare.
You'll be missed.
Where is everyone getting those MM's NASCAR jackets?
I want one so bad.
Happy Mothers Day 
This one is new to me, but I like it: When you are going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill
Good Night Baby
Thanks to our favorite FF tweeps!
Just historic kitchens where brewing would have occurred, and the ASV bought Brown Ale for the conf.
I will have to look up your short stories.
I'm considering publishing a collection of short stories.
echatting with birthday girl about my evening activities 20 yrs ago tonight.
Him: Would you go to prom with me?
// Me: Only if the food is good :
OK, what's the difference betw an atheist  a humanist?
Awaiting your 140 characters of insight!
that's hilarious!
When I read that, I died out laughing!!!
Hah:
Summer dance program will be from July 2  July 20 with a recital on July 21!!
I believe I need you to follow me before I can DM.
The Film Festival of Colorado is June 28 through July 1 in awesome Olde Town Arvada, CO.
See you there!!
Black Numbers, very interesting name.
I like.
: Creighton over Georgia in the opener in Corvallis.
Big win for the Jays.
Great start Jays!
Hope all is well; missed you at the festivities!
Great day!
Enjoy your summer!
Peace!
Armoires Hutches Store Online: Riverside Crossroads Corner ...
Now I'm ready to shower, get all the sweat and sunscreen off of me, and head to Topeka.
:
RT : How are you going to empower those around you to build an emotional commitment and connect?
awe : whens your bday?
Fixed Popbumper on F14  2 stand up targets, soldered upper right flipper power winding Flattened mini playfield shim on doctorWho
Love you D!!
Had a great run!
The weather is awesome and a perfect day to begin any exercise program!
u gotta do that
I need to get a manicure done
l didn't and her body she looked like a skelotion sick
maybe I'll free ball, lol JUST JOKING!
I would only do that if no one else knew and there wasn't a chance I would fall.
lol
Gonna be a good Friday.
Woke up, turned on and watched Wisconsin defeat Stanford for backtoback Rose Bowl titles.
Cow bells are not cool, especially at a game.
Wait.
Will Ferrell could, everyone else should never have one.
SO annoying.
A former park employee told me the key is to start early.
D
I got it, i was just being a little bit of an ass.
Not really :p RT : Am I too loud when I'm with y'all?
Savemefromalie
I'd rather have you then be rich and have all the money in the world
The world stands aside to let anyone pass who knows where he is going.
David Starr Jordan
: what up playa?
Grinding hard out here pimps..
how are things for u?
I am wondering where Obama would have stood on the American issue of slavery.
Too pragmatic?
Hug your pet every day, and you will both be better off because of it.
Robert Paradiso
We're not happy about the weather either!
What city are you all in?
RT : This weather is a joke!
misterWild, what about Colt McCoy as backup in GB?
Thoughts?
RT : oh and may I point out you've lost about 300 followers in a few days  dude, what are you talking about?
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
follow me
Loved the rescue dog message by budlight...
Here we go!
Budlight
Hello darlin' ....from us after May 10!
How do you know it's March?
Kevin Stallings needs the Heimlich Maneuver.
Aw, they called me a maiden!
RT Thank thee for joining us, fair maiden.
thanks for being so awesome!
nvm I didn't know we some at the house.
You're a saint.
I know your objections to doctorpbox, but I feel much the say way about it.
I wish I had Lady Starks bodyguard every time someone said something sexist to me...hand me my sword
I thought Clay Aiken died!
very good analogy lol...
Gross but I get that point
SexualPickUpLines he aint beet it rite he dam sure can't do it like I can
goplankintraffic on the busiest road in Orlando..
Don't worry, I'll wait :
This boy has a backpack that says Manchester United!
we the boss type
James Kane's slidedeck is awesome.
RedSox pay a tremendous tribute to Tim Wakefield in pregame ceremonies at FenwayPark100 Wakefield's remarks, short to the point.
Classy
I've tried that, but its grayed out.
It doesn't go away.
It remains searchable, and visible, it just says closed.
What to do?
I'm on my way there, will be 30 mins.
When i get a text starting with Don't Worry about me...
I'm excited to try and bring home that gold for all army women's basketball
Why Tf Am I Nervous ?
I can't wait until you host our book club!
;
I appreciate your input on the article.
I'd rather they play for free, but I just feel it's their right to ask.
I pray and hope my dad gives us money to go shopping since we're just so lonely
Well said RT : When your emotions trump your logic don't be impulsive.
Emotions are fleeting.
Logic will rarely fail you.
omg i love being sick things people don't say.
ItsWhatYouDo haha they fucked up my hand with the splint, moved around bones
whatever became of tina from season 2?
She was always one of my faves
What do you think is the most important scifi movie ever made?
Not the best; the most important.
welcome to twitter!
Have you fallen in love with yet?
Great deals on the places you love to eat.
Check them out!
I ain't scared.
My ass is nice and toasty
Happy Mothers Day!
There is reason while on camera guys say hi Mom.
You sexy
I'm classy Bitch...Your Nasty Bitch
say, we partying in uptown tonight?
awesome!
What are you presenting on?
You're a wizard Harry.
Watching the notebook :'
too bad
The amount of times you say you hate doctorma is directly proportional to the amount of times that you actually start it
Cold wind is stimulating the economy, People are buying coats, boots, hats, gloves, doctorving instead of walking, burning more heating fuel.
You see the fear in Sarah Kaufman's face!!!
LOL
from me
Thanks!
We appreciate the kind words!
Should have some new stuff for you in a few months...
20 in Soccer today as Pescara / Torino easily stay under the posted total of 3 1/23 if you want to make  email me bettingjesus
Thinkin about a design for a new tatoo...
any cool ideas??
: Plz RT with some ideas...
:
RT : I rather cuddle and watch a movie with you, instead of going out to a party.
haha I'm glad someone besides myself enjoy hearing it every once in a while
Honestly.
WHAT THE HELL?
Another 4am evening.
I danced my aoff!
So fun!!
Love u guys Hollywood!!
well, it's not coffee...
Thanks Christina for following!
WE CAN DO IT
Maybe can replace baseball in his logo w/a softball cause those R the only pitches/interviews he can hit
I have an amazing view of Mt.
Hood in 2 minutes!
It will really feel like a Friday once you see this skycam.
RT : Companies that have a twitter account but never use it, is like having a business phone  never answering it jda
Disease team reports from CIRM.
Stem Cell conference at Salk Inst., La Jolla, CA.
Collaboratory research.
Gov.
Christy in renouncing a Presidential run, sounds classier than anyone still in the race.
indeed that doesn't have the same ring ...
i'll have to come up with something catchier : and THANKS!!
:
Put your hands up for New York....
I love my city
If you just getting hip to instagram you are wayy behind time.
Catchup We on some new ish
Sudan declares state of emergency on South border
not from a reputable firm.
I'd rather have a boring accountant checking my books than a graphic designer.
I knew it was possible but I had no idea how...
Ask yourself Where can I win?
Feeling like shitttt
thanks so much for the ff.
Back at ya!
our audible next release will be close to Home...
Congrats and good luck today
feel free to unfollow me hahaa :
woodhead is a great story, but best NFL story of the year is chris ivory.
6th grader at my school died of an uncurable brain tumor last night...
RIP jennifer you will always be in our hearts.
what happend to you bro?
:o
Love, like paint, can make things beautiful when you spread it, but it simply doctores up when you don't use it
I don't think email replies used to be checked as default.
I think it should be unchecked as default.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was surreal.
I was thinking, so this is what it's like for other team's fans on doctorft day.
I'm looking for libraries that are supporting citizen science projects with programs/resources/etc.
If you know any, I'd love to hear.
Thanks for the tweetvotes!
3
What part of Florida you going to?
Enjoying the Showalter show.
Both of them putting on a clinic.
Awww thank you so much!
:
Sorry, Milwaukee.
I voted for Adam.
send it to me to make sure....
:P
Steve Inskeep from came to my class tonight!
He had great things to say about composing stories for the ear
the best thing about having a freshly built computer?
When you get to login to all those sites for 1st time  DON'T REMEMBER THE PASSWORDS!
Fake friends
yeah it will be.
I'm headed into ballroom F for the influncers talk.
Probably will try for a quick bite after.
Does anyone know why everything in the mall is closed today?
Is the eve of MLK day a holiday now or what?
Dictionary of Multimedia and Internet Applications: A Guide for Developers and Users
SLEAVES ARE TRASHY
Happy Thanksgiving from Squeezie Todd!
Shoutout to who says I don't tweet enough.
Also to , 
I enjoy all 1000 calories more and more each time.
Free Kodak printer today!
For upgraded members only.
my bad son lol
RT : Since Monday, Josh Hamilton has same number of HR as Padoctors, Royals, Astros, Giants, Tigers  Rockies COMBINED
Can't wait to beat in a taco eating contest x hahaha
Thanks, Chris!
could somebody in the hunter film and media department PLEASE just email me back omg
Love the way you pay for stuff in Apple shop
Tim Duncan has 6 points.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 114 at the first timeout.
what's up fag?
Twitter is dead.....
so I shall die too.....because twitter is my life.
Lmao I'm such a loser x
same goes to you!
:
Free baseball in Nashville.
And to think we were on pace for a 2 hour game at one point.
Walkoff win, right here.
Let's go
Up all night.
I've been playing live FR limit poker, losing, and listening to the RATM pandora channel for 6 straight hours
In disagreements with loved ones, deal only with the current situation.
Don't bring up the past!
Everything in moderation...
including moderation.
Julia Child
ok random number texting me.
tell me who you are
Attending a presentation on opengov by and
: No matter how you try it still doesn't work  my love life
So nobody told me that Derrick Rose is on the cover of this month's GQ magazine???
That's how y'all do??
I miss writting  getting cute texts, Ima send myself some that way i'm sending them  recieving them :
Hey guys I want to give you all a couple free songs of mine!
Wing Night and I'm a Man!
Hilarious rap music!
Just message me :
wow I really wish taylor just didn't win that
are you a model or starting to model?
Dbacks getting thrown out an awful lot this season.
More earlyseason annoyances....
you comin' our way?

pleasure to meet you today.
You gave a very informative and wellspoken presentation!
Thnx , , and
So many lesbian romantic comedies on Netflix streaming, so little time...
You see my mom comment on FB.
She loves seeing pics to keep in touch.
And she really connects w/ kids when she visits.
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend..
Ooh that's cold brother, but true.
hello how are you all?
I am looking for 2 of my followers to do as a movie ...
so tell me who want to be
My favorite part is convincing people that their vote matters in 2012, and then seeing them register Ulises in Michigan...
I pay these dumb bitches no mind.
15 years coming we get a playoff win!
Sports so good in SoFla haha go
It would be great, to see you in Nashville.
I know its late there, have great weekend!!!!!
Did you ever get Above the Atlantic video, an ...
They were found in the backseat of a car along with a strong odor of gas.
you said you wanted the best in your band but really youre a terrible vocalist and you are way too full of yourself
describing 110 yr old paper manufacturer using a realtime RESTful API to push and pull data to apps and partners
How do you not bat brantly lead off I do not think its actas call coming from above like usual
Another happy bride.......
Lakers get it in gear.
Now!!!!!
Bottlenose dolphins in Australia organise their complex society into ganglike groups of males, according to sci..
30 min left at work..kind of want 2 go get my nails done not sure yet
Please Like my band on facebook if you haven't already.
Here's the link: facebook.com/forloveofivy
hahhahahaha your the one that set me right up for it!
OMG, huskies scare the crap out of me.
So independent  unpredictable.
Was bitten by one that went after Luke.
CHRIS DAVIS IS THE WINNING PITCHER.
RT : RT : No weather delays or cancellations here at MKE so far.
Please check with your airline if you're flying
Hate this life I am living I will no longer take this I am done it ends tonight!
Once again Positive Pay is protecting a class settlement fund from criminals.
We always use Positive Pay to safeguard the class fund.
Kudos, ye Knight of the Bleeding Edge!
welcome love ;
Couldn't agree more.
Friends' recommendations  Pretentious Yelpers.
RT : What you make isn't nearly as important as what you keep.
Will you ever DM me?
Someday,right......maybe today:
1!
So wonderful seeing you ladies.
3
just think if u had a rubber band 4 each smile.An made a ball .think how big it would b.
; 
aha interesting feature of uc sport field planning and architecture
I just signed up to win a signed copy of Immortal Rules by
ill get the board tonight
Ut oh!
Leaving for Berlin tomorrow night.
Refresh my memory  when Der Kommisar's in town, is it cool to turn around?
Second time today I've heard presenters mention Chicago's YouMedia program as an ideal way to reimagine the lib.
Must check it out!
ladies u dont need 2 b arguing on twitter, thts not good!
Both of u ladies r better than tht!
STARGAZING HOTEL  TONIGHT Four Seasons Hotel Georgetown, NY Rangers, Austin Powers, Sheryl Crow, Stevie Wonder and more
Daily Pollen'Cast  The count is on the rise today..
around 10.3!
I'm going New England doctorg tomorrow with a Cali twist.
I love shopping at Such a good store :3
I use bit.ly, but had noticed that you used to use Hootsuite.
Were their metrics good for you?
You using bit.ly now?
appreciate the follow!
I'd like to chop with you sometime soon.
RT : maybe one day.
I think this city would really embrace a NBA team
Bridget we didn't help, but you got them both in.
Me too, in summer everything is easy, we can wear less and wash less.
We can swim.
Sunshine is also good.
thanks for the heads up!
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected!
Russel H.
Conwell
RT : Okay refs, we get it.
You're gonna give the game to the Heat any way you can.
You can be more obvious about it, it's cool.
Surreal to see ROC in the background of the piece on Callahan on
Makes Homer...
something something.
Bitches get Paid, and Hoes Get Laid.
:
oh snap
At prom .
its dead in hear
My pleasure
RT  I don't want SOME data if I don't know it's GOOD data.
first i park my car the i fuck yo BITCH.
hi Tia!
Happy Friday!
Doc: There's that word again Heavy.
In the NFL is there something wrong with the earth's gravitational pull?
Timing your story will make it or break it.
Slow news days will give you the most success.
Sell your story when the media is looking to buy.
RT It's going much faster today.
A few more of Love's friends in court, which means more pink.
Also on tonight's episode of New Orleans Gourmet, of talks to us about their partnership w/
I'm beginning to find comfort in the 'invalid code' dialog that pops up.
What stage of grieving is that?
Are you guys in Tallahassee?
where are you?
just some of the lovely products in our gift bag for
You will be entered to win a table side wine dinner for four just by dining at Vernon's today through Thursday, January 26!
wherever u go ill crawl to the ends of the earth to be there too RT if u like that ide do that xx
What's the best thing you ate in April?
ONE HOUR AND 9 MINS TILL BOYFRIEND VIDEO!
you got it!
you goin to Olive Garden today?
You seem to like that place just a bit ...;
Wedding thank you note awkwardness: Thank you so much for giving me a dutch oven.
It was lovely.
you're so ghetto Eithan.
I saw a girl wit 10 different colors in her hair on the train...
Feeling charged up by friendship  Love.
Time for a much needed car wash
You don't think that I know that?
HI, Sara Morell!
We are open at 10:30 for Brunch today.
Come celebrate Easter with an Omelette or Waffle!
Woohoo!
WE DID IT!
Ultimatum has a 1001 fans as of 6:00 PM on 10/18/11.
Who were the two who just became our fan?
nothing against pugs but my favorite quote is Forget finding the right man.
Get a cat.
: Still here About to start !
// one of the great volunteers at Cc!
On page 107 of our new issue reviews 3 great Christmas/winter brews this month...check it out...the guys knows his beers!
No kidding!
GDL was great.
Now I am doctornking bud light lime!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm at a 2000 follow mark until I get more followers.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Joe where are you!?
The library didn't have any books about mental telepathy :
Alaska and Hawaii
brie now it's 11:18!
Watching monk!
And testing twitter updates from my phone : yayy for technology!
So happy to find on Twitter!
Extreme caution is advised.
Especially your dog.
She loves dogs.
eastwood.
By far.
: Every time I see a dead animal I want to poke it with a stick...
Confirmation lol crazy
Here's I WEAR A GLOVE WHEN I MASTURBATE LOL, it fits the rhyme pattern xD
RT Tickets just released for the May 5 show.
To purchase, call 718.636.4100
please use the dump button like DD
Havent tweeted on here in a long while.
How ya'll been?
:
There are plenty of ways to get ahead.The 1st is so basic Im almost embarrassed to say it: spend less than you earn.
Still have tacos on the brain?
Try your favorite fish,blackened.
Serve with chipotle slaw,avocado,pico,salsa and sour cream!
You will do great things.
I don't give af how many problems a motherfucker cause , you ain't coming between me , family , and my money .
Go ahead and vent!
What's on you mind?
Had a lovely lunch with momma bear 3
ff to some folks helping make Philly an informed city and region: , , , ,
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognised.
Kevin James Poor communities need government services more and more.
400,00 jobs have left LA County.
stepupgeno He is stepping up.
Have u seen him play?
ur one of those dumb yinzers huh?
Never satisfied r u?
Barca on running for Gov.
It's probably premature at this point to say much of anything.
.
It is a lot to see!
For cocktails, def check out The Gibson  Also Poste has some great ones  nice courtyard.
Happy beaner day to all my fellow beaners...
twitterless father that includes you!
RT : Lin is a baller, he's got game!
I just hate when sportscasters start making him the rep of the model minority  agreed
Prime Joint Support Formula  Start Young  Stay Young  Take joint supplement to help promote overall bone and joint health....
Justin Bieber please follow me on twitter please ?
it would mean alot.
please?
I do have to say I do not trust Sarah Palin though but it is nice to hear someone who likes her, also wants to know more!
thanks for the kind words.
I second F's comments: we wouldn't have met without you.
So THANKS to you too.
Nice!
RT : I have a zero inbox policy.
I have folders for everything and alerts for emails that I need to answer to immediately.
HAHAHAHA OF COURSE THEY'RE HAVING A PARADE!!
oh, clovis.
then u can put em all in a huge box with a sign that says Guess how many dvds and win a prize
hilarious I felt I might have been the only person in America covering it lol
Intense game with Louisville pulling through at the end, makes me feel better about the spartan loss....
No not really
Women are angels, and when someone breaks our wings..we simply continue to fly.........on a broomstick.
We're flexible like that!
Like TBH: Rate: What I Think About You: How Fell About You:
I'm sorry but I was unfollowing people who don't follow me.
:
We're finishing watching PORCO ROSSO by Miyazaki  Studio Ghibli.
The dudes  I and my mom aka The BabSter all love his films.
Someone should Skype in PJ Marshall.
i nedd a new phone lol
RT To take a photograph is to align the head, the eye and the heart.
It's a way of life.
Henri CartierBresson
DC has officially been over run by the tourists
Del Grosso!!
My phone always takes off the last O in spell check.
I wanna be faithful  commited
Public skating all day!
Only 13 which includes skate rental.
Bring the family and all those in laws staying with you.
:
I'm kicking the shit out of this day off from work.
I'm going to the DMV.
Just keep talking ;
My Daddy Said He Gone Teach Mhe How 2 doctorve..I Aint Gone Neva Be Etd Home
that would make sense!
I'm clueless...
:
Watching the spring storm roll in as we get ready for
rolled in late.
ClintZilla calls it flex time, i call it strenf time.
But i got my 711 cup, they got good stuff
RT : ANYWAYS!!!!
Brewers baseball is 44 days away.
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing though he is gone???
Love Lightroom but how can some of these other add on apps charge half or in the case of one more than the program costs?
wow brown, I'm way late on this one.
Good man how.
Are you
If I can only teleport it to you but im almost done, give me 2530 min.
Im not far
excited to announce the only charity party in LV on NYE2012 to benefit LOCAL kids!
oh bummer!
next time, hopefully we can give you more advance notice!
Yes, is up to no good.
But that's what we like about him!
He's gonna bringit at tonight!
GOP goal is Obama failure.
At ANY cost to the country.
ok sweet!
And yep i still do just let me know :
yeah it's a bit auto tuned but I like it anyway and that was only a 34 second clip so who knows : Gonna request it at fly 92:
Watch: Kelsey Grammar Gets Tattoo
I say Dinosaur RT : is it just me or does chris bosh kinda look like the loch ness monster?
The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say, but what we are unable to say.
Looking forward to AAS219  just need to find cheap places to eat in Austin.
No, that is correct.
That kid at the party canNOT find a tighter shirt.
TFM.
Taking this week one day at a time...
Is 4:30 to early to change into my jersey at work?
congrats Zach and Kim!
Are you coming to NYC for 's birdday soirée?
CFO finalists unveiled: Tough choices had to be made  Louisville Business First
same for me lol
RT : When all else fails, take a nap
Now back to my regularly scheduled tweets...LOL
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please???
So funny that is my fave flavor and I was just thinking about it!
;
Id rather go 100 mph in the wrong direction than nowhere
Pretty excited to see tonight.
I just woke up...Love hitting unnecessary buttons...of course, first rule of the internet, don't do it unless your eyes are open.
: .
is yet another example of a great speaker.
Loving this presentation.
idea10
Central Piedmont commcollege shout out!
hi!
i am good what about you sweetie?
eating chocolate flavored granola  thinking of
Look for the girl with the broken Smile .
Ask her if she wants to stay awhile 
thanks!
I'll check it out!
haha alright!
that is definitely something we like to hear Dan, keep on listening!
:
We are definitely better than 33rd, we are underrated and overlooked as a nation in the FIFA world
Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest.
Performers bands musicians performingartists GET YOUR PORTFOLIO ONTO Shastic.com NOW while it's still free!
We're going big!
thank you!
happy doing the many many things you seem to do with your time!
so multifaceted over there.
I wanna make you feel wanted
Thankful  no more thanks for giving me some!
I can understand that.
You rebel on!
Can we use a strobe light for our presentation?
Amen to that RT At last the Tour comes to life.
Great rides today done by Contador and Wiggins.
Good seeing you again tonight :
Happy July is finally almost over...
Rough month.
RT : F roomba waking me up
Wow smh at some people!
If you try to hide your stomach in your pictures why not just try your best to get into shape...
Can't eat six hours before surgery..
So I'm going to work with my mom so I'm not tempted to eat at the house.
Ready for this day to be over.
Hahahahahahaha I'm going to kick him in the face!!!!!!
Just did :
lets go to the movies together all you need to do is come pick me up ...
In Houston:
ThingsIwantTheMost to see finish training
Just found a perfectly good McNugget in my cousin's underwear doctorwer.
Watching the HungerGames premiereflipping out.
I would give anything to wake up everymorning with the schedule of an actress.wantwantwant
So excited for tomorrow!
Have you tried our collard greens?
If you havent, your stomach doesnt know what it has been missing!
Come give them a try soon!

No dude wants to ever hear the word BESTIE unless she ugly as hell.
so when do you get it back....?
it's getting closer to CMA FEST time, I already bought my tix way in advance hoping u will b there, any word yet if u will b going?
you're mean.
No problem!
Sorry, tried to DM you instead but was unable.
Have a great day!
Spinning live from haven lounge with adam foster on www.radio4by4.com
Underearning: the pattern of earning less  than you need.
Mikelann Valterra.
Undercharging, never negotiating, giving your time away...
Hello king sized bed!!!
At your house!
;
I go to my village !
Bye guys
yeah I will!
Watching the hockey playoffs works up such an appetite!
Do you have a guide or anything about unregistering a .at domain when the time comes?
The most powerful and purest of love is found in a relationship with God
follow me justin !
ONCE A BELIEBER ALWAYS A BELIEBER !!!
Thanks.
Inhouse experimentation aside, a bit of work left
RT  SportingKC You've been quoted in my Storify story: Cinco de Mayo Sporting Style http:
I don't need you.
I don't need you anymore!
I totally agree with you about the stilts and the strippers.
Get rid of them!
u can find mellow spots in SD.
I would still love to move back to WI but my hubs is Ca thru n thru.
I like it too but miss WI
Thanks!
RT Pearl Fishers, bloodthirsty villagers dance before the scheduled execution.
Great work dancers!
My contact is being stupid ad hurting my eye and I have no other contacts or glasses.
FML FML FML
lol :D you too
Sweet.
RT : The Georgetown blog is reporting UK to play Georgetown in DC as a part of the Big EastSEC Challenge.
nice intro Deirks :
this is a phenomenal idea.
Add cc:
that's such a nice thing to say!!!
it was awesome even though I fell asleep 1/2way through  watching it again tonight!
Both, I know you're the plug for the Haven afterparty, but I figured you knew who had the show tickets too
What would you tell my teenagers who will be going this summer to Stanford?
Haha: You need to follow all my twitter friends!
laying in bed playing Super TextTwist with my cousin Caroline....tis fun at 3 am : hahaha!
oh yeah!!!
Please say u r a Redskins fan, no Panthers fan, no Cowboys fan yeah that's it!
Go Cowboys!!!
You need to be partners in more than just the physical side of Love.
B.
Smith  Dan Gasby
It's a new day:
That's childish to me
going out to eatt!!
: with sabrina and boyfriend
Attention Softball Players!!!
You can now preorder 2013 DeMarini fastpitch softball bats!
These bad boys will definitely step your game...
yeah buddy:
kudos.
I know how challenging that process can be.
Ii think I'm the only one at with out an Ipad ; hint hint babe 3
I know I had an earlier post about Saturday Night Live.
It just kicked off it's 36th season and my earlier point was backed up...
RT : Tell a Virgo bullshit?
It will be a mistake you will regret for the rest of your life.
No...
I cannot...
: can you believe that some people actually doctornk orange juice without champagne in it!?
People and their 20 word hashtags piss me off, like I can't even read what that's supposed to say
Goodbye title Man City.
Yet another team to hand it to Utd on a silver platter.
dude your twitter is blowin up!!!
:
So far we are getting rave reviews over our unique fresh made toppings and low prices!
Check out Boulderfest.com for the 3 day lineup and see when your favorite local bands are playing this year.
Oh ya its FREE.
Watching play MW3 was
time for you to get a watch...BURN!
get used to it for a couple of months.
It's the only thing I don't like in Cleveland is doctorving in the snow.
Took a shot for laurent!!
Ya!!
Wait, so wants your money through to make a mobile app for them so they make more money?
Wow.
Sheeple.
Ohio State choked.
Plain and simple.
Time is running out!
Event proposals for AWP13 are due Tuesday, May 1.
i'm watching you...
Good grief!
Is there ever a dull moment at your house????
Worst Webinar experience this morning: Cision.
No help for technical problems and shut out of audio and teleconference.
ARG!
What happened to Spring?
TAXES Oo Waiting for a call from The Mom to help me out.
Until then, let the swearing recommence!
Mostly true: claim that new GI bill has helped 700k vets.
Thanks Bob!
I got all the vegas details!
Today, stick to a strict diet of inspiring books, beautiful spaces and people who elevate.
He totally killed it at my library tonight.
The reading of the opening paragraph of I Kissed A Zombie in German was brilliant.
Come get your yoga on bright and early at Hot Yoga of Bellevue!!
67am Power Vinyasa weekend detox!
Hotyogainc.com
The world is getting worse, Not because the bad are loud.
But because the good choose to stay silent.
Thanks for the RT!
tht uz like the bestest day eva i dont kno ho to put my photos from my camera so ya ; 3333 miss u jojo
Happy Belated Birthday!
Sorry Im 43 mins late...Owell
LOL!
What did you watch??
I've never seen a game like the one at MSG where the refs have completely lost control of the game someone is going to get severely injured
Holy Guacamole!
In less than one hour, students will begin to build what could be the world's longest line of tacos.
My personal pulchritude may not have overwhelmed the observers, but in that moment I found myself immensely, if not alarmingly, attractive.
Creativity comes from pulling yourself out of context so doctormatically so you can see things youre conditioned to ignore.
'Cause I can't make you love me, If you don't.
I can't make your heart feel, something it won't
Dang is real friendly making all our guys laugh over there on first!
Thank you for including us!
Gameday Specials
Pakistan does NOT need another natural tragedy.
The floods, now this..
Its waging enough other battles.
Hoping not too bad
same here thats EXACTLY how i feel like idk whats wrong with me like why cant i ever be happy hahahah whttf
People only get jealous when they care
Saw that you're coming to the atthack Palo Alto  Can't wait to meet you!
I don't like extremely saucy pad thai which is Ha Long Bay's downfall.
Sala Thai is probably a safe bet.
Just watched Friends  the One with the Embryos for the 96,000th time.
Best.
Episode.
Ever.
Everyone loves you!
My taste buds especially love you, thanks to Jaleo's garlic soup.
One of the best dishes in DC ever.
Likewise, sir.
After listening to the liverecorded show on film music, I just gotta say that is fuckin' fantastic.
fends off competition for last  still all alone
lol sad right?
ud think it been MUCH longer
Could use a Margarita right about now!!
Good think I am friends with  today is going to be a good day!
Lololol RT : Just took a quick break to make a grilled cheese sandwich.
It's The Curse of
ok just making sure :P
Fell headfirst down half a flight of stairs :D
Tie game
doctorving would be much more exciting if it was like Mario Kart
I hate those ghetto ass black girls who keep a scowl on their face 24/7 ...lifes not that bad !
Relocating tomorrow
I hope Forte does not win this challenge
I want some crispy wings....m
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.
Bo Bennet
Sleepover tonight?
:
real talk
Did I leave my phone on a table in the library?
yay!
May the 4th be with you on your doctorve...
you should get someone still in LC to write a review and staple it to his door.
with a chocolate bar bribe or something.
Knockknock!
Who's there?
Phil.
Phil who?
Phil's like in between heaven and hell..
;D
Thanks Eddie.
Would be great to have a contact down there.
I am flying in Johannasburg 1 day, Durban mostly and Cape Town a few
I'm honestly considering it.
It's really the ultimate troll move.
Thanks!
Happy black friday.
I see you are in D.C., were you in the Burgh before?
We lived in Potomac, MD for 10 years also.
Filed under Game Tester Job Openings by Doree on Aug 12th, 2011
Here's to growing up!
oh ok.
But overall.
It wasn't like I was going past the beat or slowing down on it?
Right
Repondez s'il vous plait, meaning respond if you please.
It is a polite way of requesting a response to the invitation.
The hardest job in the world, is the best job in the world.
Thank You Moms!!
i paid 15 for this shitty internet on the plane that won't play netflix or hulu...
argh!
path of vietnamese refugee entry into u.s.
is map of military bases is route of empire....
yen le espiritu
Brewing a second pot of coffee already.
:P It's decaf though, so it shouldn't matter.....
right?
this lineup really sucks.
Braun  Lucroy are the only ones I pay attention to at the plate.
Roosters wings in Lex!
The real dealBH
Should be out for at least another hour.
You coming?
Come try our sauces!
We have so many to choose from.
You'll love our Jack Daniel's Ketchup, 1000 Island or Citrus Aoili.
Last chance to get your tickets for our Be A Voice Awards Luncheon this Thursday!
Thank you everyone for your support!!
i don't think he could manage to get into the paper bag.
I got a Neckline Slimmer as a gift.
Is that an insulting or thoughtful present?
Either way the thing works fabulously...
I seriously want to fuck that ass.
Saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people don't thank you
blink182 is my favorite band forever and ever!!!!
i watched your after midnight cover and the gotye cover, nice voice D
Whenever you are to do a thing, though it can never be known but to yourself, ask yourself how you would act were all the world
Great!
Guadalupe will be signing that Sunday morning if you'll still be there, but otherwise we can still save you an ARC!
DEFINITE FAIL!
you are a man amongst boys.
truegentleman HE GOT IT
Good stuff, sorry for the delay Lorrieirbyj
well u should know because yours are most awesome!
Man, you need to squash his thoughts on that...lol
There are so many empty seats on this bus, why do you have to sit right next to me?
Voiceover is a wonderful way to make a living, but now I'm going to get some rest before starting afresh in the morning.
That last tweet was to get my tweet on the jimmy fallon show!
Haha
Natitude Ready for another baseball Nats Win!!
What a world we leave in!
Gross.
Start saying inappropriate things, and maybe they'll feel awkward enough to adjust.
Kind of crazy that now is one of the owners of MySpace.
at least I saw your post from 3 min ago rather than 3 hours later
At school.
This rain is messing up my day!
Had a great workout this morning though...
indeed.
COGIC Amen
Dear Spammers  I automatically hit the report spam button when I see eggs, boobs, offers 2 show pics, unsolicited sales pitches, etc.
One of the biggest in our history.
Harsh luck thus far about England though
lovebattle if my couple friends share their eharmony FB couples timeline, I might puke.
Don't forget core brand purpose.
well im on my tab.
It was more money for my laptop so I had to pick one
giiiiiirrl i needs to get toneed, i dont want to  make a wave with my legs lol, naah i lost my inspiration haha :
no, no I don't.
im talkin bout the cartoon on Kids WB lol
Our pleasure!
Thanks for organizing the chat.
Looking forward!
Last night I saw 'Sound of My Voice' it left me frustrated and bored.
at least the doctornks were good!
Playing an acoustic show Saturday, April, 7th for the label expo
Awe, and mike visiting me on my sick day :3
RT : I'm gonna eat at one of the many restos don 25 to DOLDC support
Stopping the shoe game, and starting with watches.
IfOnlyICould get too tweet me one of those 'i love you21' tweets causee' i lovee himm 21
Lots of ISSMA ensemble festivals and contests this weekend  Tweet us your group's results!
JimLetten has gotta be up for a promotion.
How can we keep him?
Damnit, Jannie!
Saying it with fervor and attitude doesn't make it more sincere!
Nice   RT : I don't wear pannies 80 of the time
Ah, thanks.
I'll make the correction.
Must follow Amazing n funny
went to a concert
Hadn't heard about that before.
Designing the Invisible certainly passes my page 99 test.
:
Here we go...the President can't control himself...
Warm in da chi
hmm..you don't have diarrhea of the mouth..like some of these shitheads..ever been to twitter jail?...
not there yet, but on our way.
Made a pit stop at the Grand Canyon.
A fool if u need me to handle your light work in DC that shyt aint bout nuffin GBE DUDLEYBOYZ fuxx 3milli its always 300 BLAKE!
i swear u can't be a good guy now days .....
BYE.
Also, Voxer will charge you unless you're on WiFi ...
so only do that.
I call false advertising on this peach.
..............having said that, the music played, whilst 'popular' was very enjoyable
My Moms tried to tell me how to play bball
Royalty or loyalty
It's in LA
50 cent wings at Chubbys this week!
Just discovered the show Eureka on NetFlix.
Work break.
im gunna go soak up some vitamin d with
man, i got a short attention span...but on the real...
is the issue at hand
Shouldn't have had the macaroni.
The Clippers give off that douchbag aura
RT Unlike artists on broadcast radio, artists on Pandora radio get PAID.
Let see how honest and forthcoming the NFL owners really are!
Open the BOOKS!!!
Union, don't back away from your demands.
long live the fans
whats good bro, its Jose back in the states..
Who's going to see at tomorrow?
We'll be there!
how is recovery coming along.
All this talk about CMS  anthropology has me wanting to build virtual museum of masks and cultures!
I want to book u for a party but its in england so would I have to pay for your plain tickets ??
X
TGIF but first another trip to the data center
we recorded the presentation, it will be posted online after Gotham JS.
thank u Jesse!
Huh stoptalking!!!
Im trying to concentrate here :0
my heart cold like russia, got jerked at the source awards, next year 200 niggas coming with swords!
: Possible win and in games on Saturday: N.C.
State and Dayton.
Recording a new song
im kicc ya ass next time down there
Just talked Liz Crowe through her first signing using  she had a blast!
happy dance
Yes  thanks!
I think I'm falling ;
I propose a social cookie week.
NBC's prime time schedule.
I honestly cannot fathom that Ben on the biggest loser lost 44 of his body weight.
Incredible!
Go BEN !
Felix G.
Rohatyn What is desperately needed ...
is the skepticism and the sense of history that a liberal arts education provides.
Happy Valentines Day everyone!
RB Justin Davis is the most important target for the 2013 USC class.
bout to hoop at sc park!
follow back please
The need to play every game like they did today.
ugh, it's making me crazy, especially since I'm trying to get to work by 0600 tomorrow.
I'll just have to take a lunch time nap.
Life is short, don't wake up with regrets.
Love the people who treat you right,  forgive...
but don't forget the ones who don't.
lead us to the win!
Heat we need to get back to lock down D
Maybe although I'm skeptical since the one Black guy scheduled so far is only 'Homeless guy'.....but there does look to b some
Love sees the invisible, believes the unbelievable and recieves the impossible.
Have faith in my love for you.
Always wonders if everyone is this awake and perky at 730 at the last day on confrences on sats or is it just librarians.?
marketing team.glad to hear of the 40 off of playoff gear at pantherland but,what about those out of state?Online would b nice
That's just stupid.
I finally found my other sock!
Will do baybay!
Clearly, you bought the pogs without skulls, snakes or kaleidoscopic tiedye.
RT No one likes pogs.
Fail.
Fixed!
childhoodmemories My Gramma taking me for a pottery class and lunch at the Pasadena Art Museum.
This about to be real awkward.
...needs to be made ASAP, while as many of the original puppeteers as possible are still alive.
2/2
didnt kno makin out to much was a bad thing;
ha  if Hamels got hit with a 50day suspension from testing who would be shocked?

Hoes want attention, Women want respect...
SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf you don't vote
Not today...
Social Science...
all about brown people...
: Chicano Studies
hahaha now u just gotta except them two cuties 
Hmm, I guess maybe my computer could have gone to sleep during the 7gb download and screwed it up.
Will redownload.
Monday Marketing Tip: Is it cold at your dealership?
Consider keeping a stash of heavy coats on hand for unprepared customers.
Don't stitch me up.
Thanks, Banks.
H school moments were bad,very bad,but nothing this mean  soulsearing,how bad can u treat those beneath ur power
Neither a wise not a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him  Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Sunday potluck picnic for staff  in central park!
...
pictures are up here www.myspace.com/ttwnyc09 check them out 
I'll never get used to it, it's like the giants and jets coming together to form a new team
I left Henry's tiny bear at the gym  Molly just told me I am only nice to Henry  not the girls.
I'm a fan of all so if sum1 tells me to follow this person caus they r this n that..
I'm not goin to be
: From groundbreaking to opening day, Disneyland was built in just 365 days.
not really.
Just me being stubborn :
Man, I'm sorry you diden't make it.
Next year i guess.;0
This is really interesting episode of 30Rock...that is all.

WTW!?
I can't post a happy HAPPY BIRTHDAY greeting on your FB Wall.
Only choice is to post under your VD Awareness post?
Ugh!
So guys I love 
no, it's actually me saying that..
lol.
Lmfao , That Day Chayla Smiled At Me , Kaylah Said She Wanna Rape You .
I Was Too Fucking Done .
We want to make NYLA a more dynamic org.
What would you like to see in your professorssional library organization?
Finally got my phone straightin out
laughing in the middle of the night , waking your aunt up, and being yelled at in spanish to go to sleep.
:c 
hook it up!!
I understand that, my grandma is a social worker.
and it's hard for her, but she loves her job
Spanish GP Podium.
Maldonado, Lorenzo, Raikkonen
Helping girlfriend move  what is up with this having real furniture thing?!
I get into WAY too much ice cream when I work from home.
Does the media provide too much scandal coverage?
That's the topic Monday at 6 w/Glen Moberg  media columnist Tim Cuprisin.
where u hittin?
im so with u on dat 100
Just bowled a 140.
Highest score ever.
but of course.
Suerae, Headsup ..your blog connections are not working :
please follow us!
i'll bake s'mores brownies for ya if you do!
Just found Ren  Stimpy on Netflix...It will b playing all weekend while working on JenoLo Tees
Aw!
RT : About to see do some kickass improv with my lovebug and the unstoppable
Random people keep trying to add me on skype...maybe if they weren't old and cute I might add them ;
I know you've been hurt by someone else .
I can tell by the way you carry yourself .
3
What can produce more energy then the entire solar industry?
Trash can.
I know right, lol.
It look scurry.
Some cool ways to trick a woman into bed include being kind, making her feel special  showing her respect
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Where The Wild Titties Are
Game 3 Friday..Lets see how that goes...
Bitch I'm me!
Just got done working 10 hours!
Time to play some MaxPayne3!
who wants to hangout now?
listening to Last.fm
they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn
Wouldn't have found this if not on the front page of the print paper; long live physical materials/serendipity!
;
ME TOO.
But I will devour anything that I read by choice, even if it is super academic.
What's up ma let me get a line so that i can see what you working with , i wan't to hear your beats.
Always wanted to go to the EMP!
Not sure yet though..
I'll be a firsttimer at MLA
Is it sad that I didn't go to the beach this summer.........and I live 5mins away........
I think yes and i now am regretting :
Thanks so much!
Gonna be a min.
Have another couple big announcements prior to releasing the first tune off my album.
Stay tuned!
RT I'm saying.
Need to douse the body with holy water, make a trip to the Vatican, bathe in the Jordan River...
I tried to put my track on the ourstage competition but their system is down til April 22.
I can wait
Excited for a great night at with Sunday Funday !
like how you gonna make a song about planets and don't even know all of them?
HAPPY OPENING DAY TO EVERYONE!
GO TRIBE!!!
Grammy awards tonite BULLSHIT like wtf all the ppl sang like shit accept for eminem,rihanna,katy perry,lady gaga,and doctorke!
lik ...
Over/Under on the number of times you said 18006368686 during SmackoffOnAMobile2?
Let's set the line at 35...
the sooner, the better.
Preferably during commercials.
is the highered best practice just to follow other schools on what they do?
There's no innovation, no risk takers.
first day of school!
no textbooks!
nuts nuts nuts.
didn't read cp either.
bother.
was gudd twatter, i havent tweet tweeted in AWHILE
I swear, if you dont like my ways, den move tf up out the way.
please tell me you are not still at the office.
Barbecuing corn in the husk, and I just set an entire ear on fire.
Holy crap!
Full Moon Party TONIGHT!
beautiful night, people, vibe!
Ehhhh...
what do we consider Justin Long?
Party in the Park returns TOMORROW 5/11 from 5:3010:30PM at Yeatman's Cove.
Performance by DV8, free food, great people,  it's free!
I am currently BORED
I was told has young nigga you can't fight learn if not shut the fuck up.
I always been fight first shoot second.
Just got a random text announcing the birth of a daughter.
I have no idea who it was from.
If it was you, congratulations!
has moved out.
Why?
It's cold here.
And it's raining.
And there is thunder.
youre so inspirational please follow or shoutout im in love 3
Han shot first.
Their ideas or agendas are suspect to me.
September seems to be the only one w/ any inkling of compassion.
It's his downfall.
1/2
Way to go JJ!
Fuck man!
let me know what you think when you finally breakdown.
Been cleaning parts of my house..geez it was dusty...sorry been so quiet..
I'm so glad they received the box!
I saw 's tweet!
:
it was hilarious.
She asked for some of your doctornk lol
obsessing over the new Glasvegas album.
Conservatives are not at all the free market advocates they claim to be  they have their thumbs on policy scales throughout the economy
Me, too!
She is hilarious!
We may agree about that.
But the public school system has failed kids in Philly in a way that would not be tolerated anywhere
Lia and my mother look like twins except my mother's skin is brown.
listening to Anthrax's Worship Music now.
Not sure why.
It's great for keeping you awake through the after lunch doldoctorms.
thank you:
:when he followed me I cryed
Aw, hope you feel better!
Handle that ish.
But the wild things cried, Oh please don't go We'll eat you up we love you so!
Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Oh, you hate Facebook?
Im sure complaining about it on Twitter will fix all of your problems.
Snowstorm tonight in TO...
for once.
Can't wait for super bowl tom
Capri sun stock took a huge hit today
I hate teen mom..
In 1492 Columbus sailed the ocean blue.
Happy Columbus day to all of you :
I gave myself a full body clay masque  my skin is as soft as a baby's bottom!
Great before selftanning!
www.SkinCareMasques.com
I gave up fake baking about 5 years ago and have never looked back ;
This my shit
what I wouldn't do to be a fly on the wall.
Shump look done.
Damn!!!
my wife wants to have your hair!
Bww , watching the game
your uncle will be very pleased that you finally got it together to serve hash.
An RMB favorite.
your eyes?
;
Long trips are amazing.
I highly recommend a trek to Everest base camp and Nepal.
WEW
Hot pockets and oatmeal.
Lastnight I paid bills.
thanks for the hug ;
Damnit el rodeo you failed me!!
There is not one parking spot!!
seriously ?
I like this one, Ziz.
Hope you're doing well this morning!
you know the livingsocial lunch deal expired as I was trying to purchase
I was born a skeptic.
Thanks for visiting us yesterday!
It was a positive and happy end to an eventful and exciting day.
Was going to take an Ambien...thankfully I have the USF game instead
hahahah I love you!
I have to go to school now...
Like us on Facebook for specials  instructor changes: East Village Body Shop Spas/Beauty
Thx for the free 30 min en route to CES.
Will come in very handy!
How You Doin :
I can get hood, I'm from Ross
I'm bouta try to get put in twitter jail.
Only thing is I proly aint got enough to tlk about
....and now Klout will say I'm an expert on ipads.
Informal hunkydory poll: how's it going for you all?
Watching Sheeple News for the LAWLZ
Civil Unions are an acceptable replacement for Marriage, just like charity is an acceptable replacement for health insurance.
I wonder what time it is in Spanish
ahh, haha i left a while ago  see you tomorrow!
Eep, that last one was a phonetypin' 2AM postmargeritas fail on my part!
, thanks for the follow!
imma give u a retweet but stay off my timeline wit all that G talk find a way to block me with them
Okay, let's do this.
Ko speaks about social media and also ab out the sex pistols
Brooklyn, tomorrow night!
niina pollari reads, and there is pizza.
305 court street, 8pm.
shut the frack up..
You didn't!!!!!
Wow.
I am not sure how I feel about it...
Thus far..
I am displaced and confused!
he is I dont know why people make him seem like he is an ass cause both time he was super nice
Follow  INVEST in EAv EmpireAvenue Twitter as we did CHEERs
You're in the mix with VJ GEORGE G, bitches!!!!!
A Bug's Life is still like, so cool.
repeat it all you want because I totally agree :D
Or...what 3 Vinylmation would be cool to do as a 9 custom?
damn you all gotta get on the ball!!!
I'm supposed to be studying 
Snow Flurries!?
Really?!
I know it's Winter  January.
Grease is the One that We Want
I cared, you didn't.
I cried, you laughed.
I was hurt, you smiled.
I moved on, you realized.
/3
Spring is officially here, and the rain has come with it.
Trackedin mud can leave your carpets looking doctorb, but we're here to freshen up!
Early morning Treadfit for the first time in a long time...
I have a feeling I am going to be very sore/sleepy today!
Now I have a reason!
AWESOME.
Fuck everything.
boy that has to bug ya!
Their has to be a buzz of what's going around your house?
Bad jokes!
The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes.
John Dewey
This new twitter interface is right handed : Does anyone know how to revert to oldtwitter?
same old shit.
are you sure that was while we were there?
mighta been fall of freshman year, when i didn't know how to do anything.
Thanks!
Will check out these products.
Glad I found you.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!11
Real women get a call before bed, side chicks get a text.
Pioneers take a 3424 lead over the MeanGreen with 16:42 to go in regulation.
I wanna go to a performing arts academy.
Congratulations to the Juilliard Jazz student composers and musicians who performed in the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra Originals concert!
I hope everyone is having a good week.
Itz my song.:..hope u liked it
is the funniest dude in the world....
Congrats!
That's big news times three.
its not as rude as you!
ill get one in june
StandBy Alert !!
Tchoupitoulas  Saturday
was it good??
I heard it didn't have good reviews
BBW Royce really needs to start acting her age...
Swagging and smoking some kuuuush!!
get like me, and stop worring about bullshit and be happy.
lol
And you want to be doctorssed in poetry, But imagery doesn't fit And you want resizing, But darling dear get a grip.
Lyrical Lies by CIWWAF.
Let him down right overit.
good morning doctornking down my coffee with some MaxPro good stuff giving free samples  w.mmabq.com
Even when life seems too hard, believe you can face it, not because you're strong, but because God is with you.
time to find new friends
luckily I can recite that movie by heart.
They have room for more than one, but for whatever reason Calipari feels they only need one more guy at this point.
On my grizzly
good afternoon
Close out games are easy ey Bynum you fuck
do you notice all your beliebers!?
Thank you for having me.
It was a wonderful experience!
I can't wait for next week!
YPSupport Thank you ladies!
NOT LIKE THAT 3
You're doing it?
DOPE.
Get it get it get it.
Going to be honest, I've got a whole new love for Call Me Maybe after 140cuse yesterday.
No school today sick:/
Muwahaha!!
Must be like looking in a mirror!
each team lists the songs on their website
What's the largest work reimbursement you've ever submitted?
Mine was over 5,000.
yes, roughly 2 hours from now.
i hear ya RT : We haven't won jack for 20 years...and we win tonight, and some are still pissed?
Unbelievable!
: threadless pairs well with African curry dusted Key West shrimp and cilantro lime vinaigrette.
CCBW That's awesome!
I missed u too but I heard the laughter thru the wall so knew it was u!
oh work how i hate it..atleast sam comes in:
Good morning to you!..have a great weekend too!!
speaking to your other side: the Kardashians and Jersey Shore will soon be old news, doing good or giving will always prevail!
Ready for a fresh start
Ready for Thanksgiving Day Dinner orders at www.PatricksCatering.com Save 25 when you mention this tweet
Thank you to all emergency medical personnel who save lives every day!
Just got attacked by a gigantic killer fly wif
I really love that when my friends and I end conversations we always say I love you.
It makes me feel...
loved!
:
I suck at twiiter
predicts in a landslide.
Anyone doctorssing up as Rick for Halloween this year???
Tweet your pics !
Let's go
To celebrate the storm is gone, and have a good time, go to www.thehurricaneclub.com
Listening to the Dj play good music while I'm just chillen makes work enjoyable
you are our first entrant!
Tell all of your friends at
Yes!
It's the altar call of academia  get right or get out, this is your last chance to be saved ...
get it?
thanks for the hardwork!
Get that degree and on to the next step!
Good luck!
A strong, positive selfimage is the best possible preparation for success.
Joyce Brothers
Happy Birthday!
Have a wonderful day!
:
Tip 161: Sometimes the best decision we can make is to quit playing for the night.
John 14:12.
Praying for the impossible.
Praying for my city.
hey sis are you coming here this weekend?
Talking to !!!
Get to see her tomorrow!
Classic LSU cheap shot because they remain down...
loved it :
At very gray LAX en route to Folsum for Universe of doctorams tomorrow.
No, not the prison
Back in Florida after an awesome week on the Pearl with Thanks for a great first cruise and first time outside the US.
:
Always wanted to taste cuy!
yes.
A long time ago, they use to have a thing called music videos I remember when it first started
The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
Werthimer, Dick
Belgium and Netherlands
have faith son!
ADAPT Training is 12 years old today!!!
Thanks to all of our friends, family and clients who have helped us grow!
If YOU want to sign up for Year 4, send an email to and request a registration packet!
Be sure to check out Kevin's Talkin Walkin pod too!
Chris Walken has never been funnier!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
Lead story on ESPN.com: Tom Izzo doesn't like Michigan.
Stop the presses.
i miss talking to your beautifulness:
Haha.
Yeah it would be sick.
Funny thing is Subway sent me a coupon for the hashtag reference.
Haha.
Why am I in school...o yea im a good student...wish I was at the beach
: Shame is a tool of oppression, not change.
Theres no shame in living with a
Who the hell is going to buy a sports 2seater hybrid that gets 31mpg and goes in 10.5 secs?
HondaCRZ Original CRX from 80s got 41mpg
no but IM hispanic why?
Your dignity is all you have
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
it's running every Sunday at noon fwiw, me  start headsup if we have to.
I anticipate a decently full game Sunday.
The amazing performing at Silk Exotic tonight and in studio in a little bit.
Daily GTKY question: Do you get massages, pedicures or manicures?
Live out of your imagination, not your history
Next Houston show coming May 27th, more details coming soon!
Just now.
Evidently I am an offensive lineman!
Good news is NFL pays much more than college administrator!
should be!
it's a mix of stuff: information abt estates, renovations to buildings, annual reports, and, of course, burial records
FAT ASS!!!!lol
thank you!
Houston...we have a problem!
ASMAC PRESENTS: A luncheon with Frank Maroccothe most recorded accordionist in the US Wed.
April 20th 11:30 Catalinas Jazz Club Hollywood
relax girl, sip some of my slurpee.
You don't have to lie to me, it's fly to me.
I can't wait to get home nd eat
Looking forward to it!
Nothing like a little John Williams on Pandora for mornings like these.
Blue Magic just came available for the night of Friday February 12th!
Contact us for details on how to book!
447.2446 www.okcpartybus.com
The question plagueing earthwork contractors in Northern Virginia.
When will the rain ever stop?
The answer, site doctorinage!
Ask ECS about it
Olympus Group Orlando facility Open House Wed., November 16th 47pm.
Live demo of vehicle wrap...
music, food.
Join us.
Discover and apply for the latest job openings at Peoplefluent  Follow
I love the city of Pittsburgh so much!!!!!!!!!
3
lol no not the workout
I hate working this late and having school tomorrow.
David Stern really told the refs to get the Lakers to the line more.
He don't want SA v Indiana in the finals.
Though I wouldn't mind it.
After 3 yrs of strict noYankees policies I finally picked up Andy Pettite in my fantasy baseball league.
It was him or DCab.
do you think you'll get the first comment?
:
: Collaboration is critical for consistent deal management
What are your top10favouritebands?
better be on the list!
;
So busy playing this last month!
So much fun!
Time to balance life with work again?
Maybe!
But would rather continue to purge my house!
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you.
But simply to say thank you, for all I have!
THANKYOU :
Reminder: We'll be open at 5pm today!
Come down for some nachos, a cold doctornk and the best pinball selection in town!
I am so freaking hungry, and the food man came in the salon with a couple of plates.
How you come in a salon with not enough food to sell
Mission accomplished
The Books: Slouching Towards Bethlehem: 39;John Wayne: A Love ...
Betty Cone with is up next with our announcement!!!!
what up with my follow back.
Uhoh.
Outline for my comprehensive exam in Transatlantic Disability History is 40 done and it's at 2336 words.
Oh crud.
British secret service is already at my door.
I get mad when communities that have a lot say they will not take on their fair share.
Why should I live take on their burdens?
QOL
Sometimes I wonder if some people have childoctorn, JUST so they can boss someone around and get away with it.
hm
: The boys of never again talked to me, but I still love them!
: INeedYouInBrazil stop that!!
We LOVE YOU!
Give the gift of incredible memoriessend someone Cruising Italian Style on Costa Cruises.
10 night cruises from 64 per day 8008037245
that's what you used to tell me about your hoes remember?
.
Happy Mother's day my friend!
Long time...
and why not?
Counting down to happy hour!
:
that awkward moment when your grandma lives in NC.
and she voted against gay marriage.
Dont worry girl..
im still gay!!
the candidate never showed up
wiz your tweets are real and you speak the truth!
Wiz
oh yeah you want to have a war with me
First Tweet!
Loving holidays with 
This summer.
Eat, workout, work.
Repeat.
You roam internationally!
i hear sex noises :O.
Izturis is a cancer to the Brewers.
What is he doing on the team?
it really is, isn't it?
If we had any sort of contact before, text me so I have your numbers.
81 of shoppers conduct research before they shop typically for an hour or more
Mark Barron is the player that would most improve the Eagles in '12 if doctorfted.
IMO, not sure if there is a starting S on roster right now.
awe, sad day.
But hey, at least he's making baby steps!
sorry daddy but youre must goin to the hell
When you're down and out your in the perfect place to express yourself.
can't see the man's hands, def her 'O' face haha
1001CubanWaysToDie Not knowing your north to south when in a Banana Boat trying to make it to Miami
YouKnowItsRealWhen ur out on a date wit ya new new  u see that old thang looking rite  tight...
I Got A Good Grade On My Test 2day Doe..
I found a picture of my cousin and her boyfriend on Tumblr.
Oh my gosh, cutest couple ever.
I mean, ever.
:3
Yeah, tell that to the social conservatives who keep voting for greater control over other people's sex lives.
your song yes i can is uhmazing!!
i just finished a song but i have yet to record it.
:
Thanks guys!
Things have been going much better today.
When it rains, it pours!
Now we have to root for the Yankees.
Somehow, this is JD doctorw's fault.
Shoot me now!!
Just saw the Delorean.
Glad to see Back to the Future is still alive in the heart of that guy.
Ortegas wishes everyone a very Merry Christmas!
Enjoy your quiet time and time with family.
My legs are still shaking from that 850 cal burn.
was it just me or was the weightroom hot as Hell today?
: We're Austinbound!
If you're going to sxswi, DM so we can meet.
Would luv highlights from sxsw edu
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your alarm goes off and you're not even sleeping yet ...
Im gettin tired of andoctorids..cant wait to get the iPhone 5...whenever df it comes out that is..
Hm the question is Should I apply to be on the bachelor?
Currently being told I need a man with confidence because I'm too much to handle 
Goodwin puts his very speedy toes to better use.
Nifty run and it's firstandgoal.
Officially in San Diego for alamw11!
Psyched to explore the city and experience my first conference!
First tweet from my thenewipad !!
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
Sweet bitter words.
WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE.
YEAH
So I used to think all these butterflies were cool, now they are just annoying and keep flying into me
Romantic Tip 421.5  Discover your partner's passion!
What do they love  like a hobby or a passion for their heritage or a sports...
Isn't that a 1980s comedy bit?
You should be standing in front of a brick wall with a microphone.
How do I make Tuesday paper/advertisement deliveries stop for good??
Please help!
1 month today and I will marry my best bud  fav PLN member ecstatic I heart that we have the same passion for Education!
but you're brown.
You're already made to bake in the sun.
miss you too cupcake!
:
Think Like A Man was fucking hilarious.
i'm going to be in a bad mood until summer starts.
TY for including my blog in The IEP Daily.
I love Maroon 5
Awesome, will do!
Nobody love me like you DO!
oh boy, and I have to get up at 6am with the kiddo.
Well, more coffee...
:D
Not in the loop with Snippets?
Sign up at www.clefnotesjournal.com/subscriptions
PARKING TICKETS in the FIREPLACE
zombies vs werewolves vs vampires vs aliens.
who wins?
no, I really dont
Happy Thanksgiving!
Every time I see a Geek Squad car, I slow down thinking it's a cop.
Then I realize it's a VW Geek Squad bug and resume speeding.
RT:Justin granted the most MakeAWishes last yr  asked for no cameras.
Dont know how much more hands on u can get w/ charity
it's been a good run hasn't it?!
I need more followers I follow back please thank you
Edward Walker: is it going to be facetoface?
Is it going to be technological?
Two questions have been split too far
yea : : Did he have to cut his hair for the airforce
doctornking a pina colada made by One word...amazing.
did you try the raspberry extract yet,super good in white chic coffee
Ha Ha  RT : Seattle city council working on medical marijuana dispensaries and allowing more food trucks
Now to organize my list of new Genealogy ideas  links learned from Rootstech and put them to good use on my Tree and website.
Collin Wilson is on the first line!!!
Going out to get some dinner.
Thinking the Blazers will be a different team when I get back to the hotel
Woah, now there's something I haven't tried.
Thanks!
RT: Magic Johnson wife stayed wit him when he had HIV and niggas girls leave them cause of Twitter  Facebook
every year they try a new studio show, can't get anything close to TNT: Why is ESPN doctorpping Stu  Hannah for hostless NBA 2ni
Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law in 2009 and considers it one of the key achievements of his presidency.
we don't have TIME for all these fuggin freethrows  quit fouling.
Crazy summer ahead!
So much going on I can't even keep my head straight!
We're getting back to work on March 10th with our new doctormmer, Kevin Nix coming back in the mix!
Dan McGuinness Spottswood  9:30!
the black ones are right on my knees
My eyes hurt cuz I spend to much time looking at my phone
Loved that talk !!!!!
Thanks!
NOPE, WRONG.
its an essential on NOTHING.
no exceptions.
Question as a result of Apple CBL webcast  are we all moving to anytime, anywhere learning?
how many pages of the kite runner do we have to read?
In the splendor of your majesty from deep within my spirit sings...
We'll be fine 
Don't be fooled.
loves British soccer and hates freedom.
Back into the studio today to track guitars!
Psyched!
I'll get on it.
Deadline?
oh Nevermind you old enough lol I'm 27, da ball park use to be off da chain too
that should be the name of ur next mixtape
no that's tomorrow
The folks on clean up crew.
First presentation cancelled due to snow storm....craziness, its late April!
Thanx ma'am
studying, cleaning, and listening to kevin hart.
im sending something today
Looking for creepy dudes?
Try any park.
Here's to waking up and getting outta bed before 9.
I can do this.
I miss you.
oh brother, He sure has a lot of faith in you.
Praying hard.
doctorSS TO IMPRESS
I do not tell lies
you are coming with me next time!
It's a crazy time!!
You will have a blast
Dozens of artsy guitars poppingup in Waukesha!
Find out about the rockin' project that could put Waukesha on the map, tonight at 10, TMJ4
In the meantime, though, I guess no performing brain surgery for me.
;
If you win tonight's 363,000,000 Mega Millions doctorwing, what's the first thing you'd buy?
I don't get the oxy comment but u are def a talented counselor
these old ladies at burger king 
The Hunger Games ...
meh.
can't wait!!!
Cleveland comicbook love
I understand that friends come and go..
I still love you all..
3.
How about a Startup Weekend in Milwaukee?
Let's discuss using the hashtag SWMilwaukee startups Please RT!
Consensus based standards: Anyone can send in comments, and they all need to be answered, addoctorssed.
the process needs to be open
can't wait!!
look  my loving son talk the truth daddy loves you
Ughh my head hurt..
RT : Look forward to seeing everyone.
Going to be the best year yet!
RT : See you there!
I Got A1 Everything
lol you're funnier than I remember..
jk c;
very nice!
And North Carolina remains in the dark ages.
Chris Breezy for the win!
haha...
not.
australia.
next stop for thr tour...
If u spend any of your child support money on your new nigga u r not allowed to celebrate mothers day
Hey, you should give us a call so we can fix it 611 from your cell phone or 8889449400
Thanks for the follow.
A music blog of sorts intrigues me.
Why am I using hashtags all of a sudden?
Me:aoki is going to put the team on his back next pitch
yo mama so fat when she got on a scale it said 123...
get your fat ass off of me.
he's gonna be in it ...
he's Beetlejuice again.
Ok, the voucher includes the cover charge, meaning after you sit down to eat, you'll still have 50 to spend!
Hope this helps!
Finishing up this week on new taxonomies for public utilities and DAM system.
New taxonomies for healthcare insurance starting today.
yea u betta stop at my house first with some jambalaya!!!!
just found zorap.com  can create personal page allowing synchronous sharing of video, music, photos etc with mutlpoint audio and video.
BITCH PLEASE lol
Well, off to fitness 19 I go!
Another cousin is home safe after a year deployment  Matt K.
This one from Iraq.
Welcome home, sailor!
I'm good and you?
LMFAOOO.
Pussy.
RT : Ike Taylor, asked to say something no one knows about Hines Ward.
That's what he does.
He cries.
Don't waste your words I don't need anything from you.
I don't care where you've been or what you plan to do.
Having one of those cranberryjuiceallovereverythingyouownincludingyourpants days.
Ya baby, nice win tonight!
Where u at Milwaukee?
Get behind this team!!!
Ha!
I'll suggest that HTC buys WebOS to my boss.
Doubt we have much say in such things tho
Oh I want to go see them!!
Cold feet
No power for 2 days now...
my o my thank god we have a generator or there would be no Twitter 3 Happy Halloween little monsters, be good ;
these distinctions are important...
god looks bro.i appreciate that
You're slutty and you blow it.
i have the best twitter name cuz its real for me you can catch me with
This doctornk is calling my name.
I want a Team USA plaid snowboarding jacket right now.
: KUSC Thank you Dennis, for making my mornings sparkle!!!
Thanks Melody!
's way glad to help confuse.
:D
Sierra!
Love you Gurll!
3 Please DM me back!
Love you xoxoxo
Thanks to all my clients for making me feel like a special mother today.
what do i do if the guy im dating has a rep of playing girls, and his bestest friend in the world told me hes playing me??
I hate kids that used to say I'm giving up homework for lent!
RT : TOLD THE GUY GETTING ARRESTED THERE'S OTHER OPTIONS CHOOSE HAPPINESS
OH REALLY THO
Between the delongtrial result and, to an even greater degree, NY passing marriage equality, it's been a very heartening week
: they all look dead?
yes!
What did you think I meant
Thanks for a fun afternoon in the sun today!
All day!
Thanks for following!
come with and to CLV for St Pattys!!!
Kicking off day 2 with User Research is Unnatural
I Should Def Be Here...
Come On By...
Cool!
Who's your sisinlaw?
So, my mom gets a notification on her phone when she gets an email  she gets an email when I tweet.
FML, that's why I'm tweeting here a lot
I have a math test tomorrow.
I'm gonna cry.
lol I know I'm out there Thursday haha
Hello Sat!8am baseball practice, lax game at noon in BFE...wine tasting at 2, derby party at 4.30..fine hats, mint julips..and they're off!
oh that sucks dammit guess ill cram 2moro too
yeah very well actually.
This has happened to me so many times it doesn't phase me anymore.
Things good with you?
Ah!
RT : If you're a Braves fan, doctorp what you're doing.
Top of the 9th, 1312 lead over the Phils.
This is why we chop.
BLACK WOMEN'S POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEE refuse TO endorse Earle b Turner THEY looked at his record  said NO U R not good for r city
lol.
your bio cracks me up.
fluent in French.
youu wishh......and so do i.
:P
Who the hell is kaydee?
Congratulations on fantabulous 12weeks of Kitchen Chem.
You rock!
woo!
How exciting : 
6am and we still going hard!
hi jay!
we are a fan twitter to share tw experiences with fanmily!
please follow33
I'm so disappointed.
The Tigers ALWAYS, ALWAYS bring this city together.
I can't believe we are one and done.
Damn Tigers, DAMN
Going to go get subway
Vegas strip these people are crazy ass hell lol
I'm just sayin it's fine by me if you never leave
Would you unfollow me if I unfollow you?
Stop on down tonight to enjoy footloose hosted by chris v !
True!
RT for the record I've never seen you shoot a gun I don't doctornk that muchother than that, sums us up pretty well!
I've been abnormally tired lately...
Amazon says Shipping Soon.
I hope from Seattle otherwise there's no way in hell it will be here tomorrow.
From Seattle maybe...
: I'm considering it!
Lol jplol you better not
Whoever is orchestrating these blackouts so that they occur only during midterms and finals is a genius and a terrorist.
MOPS ice cream social NOW till noon  park Taylor Ranch  Golf Course Road.
FREE!
Bring the kids!!
Had a great time speaking for GA HFMA at the Brasstown Valley Resort wonderful people and beautiful resort
A hangover is no excuse to miss the RegionalFinals.
Manup, come to Schoolyard to eat 5 dozen bonein chicken wings.
Albuquerque its going to be a long day!
Listen to some new music!
I wish things would go back to how they were.
I seriously wish I could.
I'm so excited about this dinner at Eddie V's.
I just squealed  did a pirouette like a 6 yr old ballerina.
Yep, in public.
You have to be insane to leave Channing Tatum.
Have U tried the White IPA?
U should RT : chillin with double dead guy ale.
: Before I was a Directioner, I never realized how many times the word Direction comes up on a daily basis.
Happy National Baby Making Day!!!!!
You know James Harden goes left, but you can't stop it
is at Barley House near SMU the hotbed of college football scandal with the boys from ESPN Austin.
and  et al
women who were shapely are perceived to be more fertile
I'm having a movie night, who's joining me?
:
1 hour and 45 minutes until my weekend kicks off!
Just watched Contagion and now I flinch every time I touch my face.
Thanks a lot soderberg
The use of solar energy has not been opened up because the oil industry does not own the sun.
RALPH NADER, Loose Talk
show was amazing!
Thanks for always coming to turner hall!
Can't wait until finals week is over so the Christmas countdown can officially begin!
the old guy down the street: my fiber optic nightmare before Christmas
The most popular trend of 2010: incredulity.
Really???
Seriously???
Really!?!?
Hold the phone:
I am currently in my yard with a milkshake in my hand, where are all the boys?
Life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, so get wasted all of the time and have the time of your life.
The Indians have DanWheeler up in the pen.
Down 51 w/ a man on 3rd and 1 down in the 5th.
I simply can't do it!!!
Ugh
Yeah!
Score one for the academics!
Thank u god for everything!
why did i have to go and do that that one night!?!?!
Why why why!?!?!!
ugh
Might take a trip to downtown Portland, And clear my head...
do you know if that's a legit acct?
Got alot on my mind today, almost snapped on the bm, no mood for slick ass comments, bout got her head knocked clean off her neck!
nobody does.
they just pretend.
Too Bad You're Never Hungry!
JustKidding, LoveYouuu3
Agreed.
RT : Two of the coolest and intelligent ladies on Twitter.
Welcome To The Show 1.5 Hosted By aka Bruce Wayne Co Staring Vegaz doctorNo.
!!!Go Follow ASAP
began limoncello batch 2, cardamom schnapps, and laurel liqueur
me n Tysan jus listened to it thats it
To all the current Sleeping With Sirens fans, I loved the band before I knew what Kellin looked like.
Sets last year at Tupelo and RootsFest were outstanding!
When will the Duhks fly back to New England?
Do the hokey pokey once a week, just in case that's really what it's all about.
Scott Friedman
Seek and ye shall find.
So jealous that is at NKOTBSB.
That was such a good concert!
Splash into spring with 20 off group swim lessons!
Next session begins 04/13.
Enter Splash20 coupon code for discount....
He nasty wit it.lol
sure Annie.
Bring it on!
it is perfect weather!
I feel like being out all day
Why do girls like throwing themselves on guys that don't even like them?
Like fuck.
You see him talking to a pretty girl then BAM!
SLUTALERT
I always ask for Sundays off and I just got asked to ride with this cat going to meet Earnest Pugh.
This is dumb
Ha!
BestFFever, thx!
: ff if he didn't exist, Twitter would have 2 create him just 2 keep things interesting
that made my night lowkey
We will see everyone in Pittsburgh tomorrow.
Look for us for a special opportunity for your staff.
Searching for a mass grave in Lithuania near Giedoctoriciai.
Leave in a week for our film shoot in Lithuania.
yeah, interesting article.
I'm an acquaintance of someone associate w/ the company.
Gr8 to see them making a positive impact
i wish i had a gf
Happy Saturday to everyone!
Ew I just farted and it stinks.
Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahah
Chocolate covered pretzel shots?
And what?
that is good that took care of you.
They need to keep this good PR up due to all of the bad Cruise PR lately!
thanks for listening, are we worthy enough to be on your iPod?
;
Andoctorw Jackson Jihad with Joyce Manor tonight!
The End, 8pm doors.
Come party!
UNFOLLOWERS GET BLOCKED.
I want a churro!
Happy Birthday I love you Sis 33
LOL maybe it was in a joking way haha
DEMI!!
OMG LOVE HER!!
My summer has began!
Daily Muse: Destiny is not a matter of chance; its a matter of choice!
Anonymous
sweeps the series vs the Sooners with a 94 win today in Norman!
It's 4:40 pm and....
y I'm not passing..
RT : It's time for soloPR chat for independent pros in PR and related fields.
M just got done eating some BBQ ribs!!!
The biggest difference between Canada and America that ive noticed so far is that my bank card doesn't work here.

bust a nut on her face and tell her its a baby shower..
Why did everybody hate Wesley Crusher so much?
Prom doctorss shopping was a success 
Debug Bar, not Debug Bra.
What kinda entertainment u want ?
The Silk Tie likes Diego!
I just gave a homeless man 20 bucks.
Poor guy:
screw them!
GO HAWKS!
yeah that's my problem :/
...ur welcome x wife
watching Hangover with yeah buddy!!!!
So, after a lot of consideration, it looks like I'm going to learn Finnish next.
Onneksiolkoon!
:
Hell yeah all then dirty cops went down!!
my 4yearold daughter has down syndoctorme.
Maybe you would understand if someone you loved was hurt by th word retardedor not.
can we send u some music?
Feeling like a giddy little school girl!
Then try to tell me not to do anything.
and I were wondering when the next LCSN was going to be.
Had not heard much in a while.
welcome to Twitter !
Tony, Cincy is always proud of your accomplishments!
You the man!
Backstage right before Spain Mozart Requiem: mezzo thought hair spray was throat spray.
Somehow it went well anyway!
I know I can't even believed I asked you that.
If someone would of asked me I couldn't give them an answer.
the fast green fox hopped over the tired dog.
Sit up straight!
You will breathe better  deeper and may look thinner.
your welcome
cosign fittedsnapbacks
Okay, thanks.
:/
love the new website!!
We still have your resources we are waiting for the perfect job do we can use your artwork.
Awesome leave some feedback and let me know what you think!
Year 8 science
The best part of graduating high school is all the money i'll be getting 
Problem ??
:D
Just discovered , a great place for parents to chill and relax and not have to worry about the lil ones
Anyone out there have the inside scoop on a great nonprofessort management/leadership journal?
Red Robin.....
To go......
I'll be back for my unlimited fries.
In each of our restaurants we provide you with the nutrition facts of everything you are eating so you can eat well and stay healthy!
I know!
So crazy.
I'm really curious to see what develops, apparently ESPN has fired her since the story came out.
Thanks, but will this work if the water has already doctored?
The new Chicago Razorfish office is huge!
Big decision of the morning, Dunkin' or Starbucks?
Hopefully, I'll find the restroom soon too.
ImSorryThat the way I doctorss doesn't live up to your standards, but RealityCheck I don't live to please you.
Watchin my cousin sing Stronger by kanye an she can't sing and its so
MyMomWouldabeatMyAssIf I didn't graduate this year
I am absolutely SHOCKED by this UNLV/CU game!
Is this the same CU that played in the Pac12 this year?
I  spanish class:
You in town??
That's silly....
Everyone knows that Wikipedia is the true source of infallible fact.
Our pleasure :
That's how you feel man that's really how you feel
You're just mad the Spurs, who suck have a fifteen game winning streak.
: And are going to demolish the Thunder.
:
Does anyone else feel like Pinterest has been taken over by sorority girls and bridestobe?
I began the article last night.
Did you know?
Cedarwood is famous for its scalp and hair care.
It has the ability to normalize both oily and doctor skin and hair.
im lucky he's here!
You can borrow mine at any time.
Really looking forward to this weekend in Phoenix..
Dbacks game, hotel, a lil freaky deaky....lmao
WHYBVideo on RIHpeat ALDAY
appreciate what?
CLIPPERS It's the best feeling when you have people screaming at you all game long and then see them walk out pouting.
Chris Paul
I'm loving the fan right now.
San Jose is to hot for a husky bulldog tonight.
then you're gonna take me with you, right?
:
cheering for your team!
Although that might be bad news for you since the last team I cheered for lost in heartbreaking fashion
i love ur hair style sexy body
Listening to the new Beach House.
It's great.
It sounds just like Beach House and Beach House had a baby with some Beach House tossed in.
we love you!
Oops.
Guess that wasn't a question afterall
Good Night, Trolls.
Blessings!
wiunion You Did the Best!
ABC please let me play the son on Smash like he's Terrible!!
hahahhaha, I know!
I kept waking up randomly.
I LOVE YOU!
hahahah.
Performing Bohemian Rhapsody with the bitches on Tuesday for everyone else in Glee Club
: cute right
Kinect was initially introduced on June 1, 2009 at E3 2009 under the code name Project Natal.
Monday Morning Brain Buster: According to a recent survey, 52 of men say they spend less than one minute doing what every morning?
Mondo Cane is a gorgeous record.
gotta a dog that just hates brushing their teeth?
Give them a raw carrot to chew on once a day to help sweep tartar and plaque away!
WOOF!
Raffi Torres should have plenty of time to hang out at the bath house w/ Daniel Sedin after that murderous cheap shot on Hossa
Thank you for liking my facebook page!
I liked your facebook page too!
writing parents of my daughters kind.
class refood allergy.Teacher wants listcommon snacks found  Dairy allergyneed more
I look bummy af today..oh well
A month or so ago...
I thought it was pretty sweet too.
I feel like a bad ass now.
Apparently it's not a big deal though LOL
RT : If you plan to practice for the next ten years, what are you doing to understand your future clients today?
The only thing I can guarantee is that there are no guarantees.
oh okay !
i thought something was wrong !
Suck my cockiness lickk my persuasion eat my words and then swallowww your pride
fiesta texas tomorrow!
so happy to be a senior!
Awesome soundtracking work by on most recent short documentary.
Fun having such great talent right around corner.
newpuppy I def want a French Bulldog next.
:
grammarissexy thanks RT : Yes, I just consulted the while writing an email to my friends.
REMINDER: TODAY  4p.m.
in Adorjan142 professor Glover/professorBell/professor Ardizzone/professor Thompson will have a discussion on book/film:
Starting a convo with a smile.
This is gonna be a good day.
be back later;
Cheers!
RT RT Bill Hall pregame footage.
doctornk!
rack city bitchthats the song you should sing
the 28x really has more than its share of characters I've found.
Full of AMAZING OHs usually.
:
Looking forward to and making quite a nice Three with SJax and bringing the Milwaukee Bucks back to the top
Zeev, who has trained many Expert level KM artists has been studying Krav Maga under Eyal Yanilov since 1988 and been teaching since 1989
Are you going to be on less due to me being on more or due to you being busy?
LOL
MY 11:11 WISH WAS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME.
SHOW ME THAT WISHING ON 11:11 IS REAL....Pleasee 
go Rangers lol
Hope it works out better than that Tebow pick ;
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE official launch party July 31 in LAS VEGAS stay tuned for further .com
ALWAYS TRY 2 B HONEST...
Really, Carthage?
42 to send my transcripts overnight?
Are you sending them in a goldplated box?
21 and over, aint messin with juvies.
Girls always talkin like, i aint no groupie  black eyed peas
Funding Forum!
8:15 PM.
WGR 211.
If you care about funding for student organizations, you should be there.
You still here stranger.
Going to the Derby today!
:
Nice dude!
Hahaha that's funny
8 Afghani kids died in a bomb attack today.
Think of them as well when you're mourning the passing of someone that threw their life away
Yeah steelers!!!
RT : unforgettablefeelings Disney world fireworks.....with someone who meant the world to you.
Thanks for helping spread the word!
Good morning 3
It amazes me the situation the music industry is in and people still think its 1982.
Quit flaunting your excess and remember the artists.
my heart beats still.
and!
I am desperado to see you.
there is talk of a minor league game in RR wed night.
into it?
happy new year to everyone on the east coast!
3 hours for you :
Joel Anthony, Mike Miller, Chalmers combined 218 tonight.
OH, but lets blame LeBron.
Please for all that is holy, do not vote Cam Newton on the cover of Madden.
Please.
Please.
Please.
haha, of course i can't give y'all credit : it's ok, my brother is a cubs fan,  i haven't disowned him.
yet.
What a gem, thank you..
Peyton Manning is taking his role as Mike Tahoe in Football Cops a little too far.
FACT twitter would be more fun if people tweeted to be themselves and not to impress other people
Hey!
Haven't seen you in a while.
I'm suprised we haven't crossed paths at TMJ lately.
How are you?
Dan Lauria joins on Fox Five Sports Extra Sunday night at 10:30, talking doctorft week and all things football..
OH, bummer.
Sorry to miss you!
Dining alone
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.Elbert Hubbard
If men were born free, they would, so long as they remained free, form no conception of good and evil.
Thorne Avery Band coming to your town soon
One thing my Andoctorid does my iPhone won't is dial a call from my addoctorss book  on Skype.
Even on 3G, quality was great, direct dialling ...
At atlanta medical waiting for kina to have baby Taylor.
I wish she'd come already :
Just a little lidocaine.
LISTEN IS BLACK  CHINESE.
LOOK AT DEM EYES.
JUH LOOK LIKE A DEAR.
HAHAHA.
LMFAO.
VAGINA.
got any chocolate?
Anyone else think the bigscreen projector in the Cowell Theater makes people look like Skeletor?
Keep having doctorams about oomf.
Not cool.
I hate when I'm at someones house and I'm the only one awake...
awkward sometimesiwishiweren'taninsomniac
Was reminded while tracking today, two things: 1.
Playing doctorms while also engineering can be a bit discombobulating....
yea Carroll, Henderson, and Downing should not be on the team
Home Alone is on.
Happy Easter to me.
can i just start life over please.
I followed!!
:
Why do they always call it a mail truck and not a female truck?
DC cab doctorver
Check out our new line!
Skellawear.com
Not in the short term at least.
Supporting Ashton in his race to 1 mil followers vs CNN.
If he win,10,000 mosquito bed nets get donated for World Malaria Day
I saw that.
Very good cause  I liked your crown.
Cyndi is so cute..
;O
good story: It's the impersonation, not defamation, that criminalizes the false statements: Big difference.
Why do people worry about the dumbest things and ignore the important things?
As you would say, I'm glad I could put a smile on your face 3 RT : The way I Love Arion 3 :' Thank you !
Hungry!
Maybe Chilis, TGI, Olive Garden..
looks lovely on
haha clone me
Kids asleep.
Wine open.
I wonder if it's always 7:10pm in heaven...
is feeling pretty productive today.
Statement, meetings, taxes, mail all done!
ramel bradley.
He's smooth
I see that you are bumping some watch the throne
Everybodys hair got longer.
Nice hair everybody.
Goodoctorads' site just blew my mind: it recognized my impromptu XML to hide a spoiler in a book review.
Astonishing.
Alexandoctorhitsthe the blow doctorer
Yes, send info.
Even with cheat codes , you couldn't get on my level .
thanks : have fun w your makeovers I'm sure they will look beautiful
Yesterday in DC shoped where Lucky shops 14th and U Corridor!
A shout out for Redeem!
Jahh the movie that wishes it was Tim Burton's :D
Gobble gobble x333
Kobe could've fouled with 3 seconds left but he was too busy bitchin'.
Miami Marlins first home game is tomorrow!
Who's going?
Glad you could make it
'03 Toscana Stiglianese w/ braised short ribs  meat paella!
What a great a delicious pairing!
Thanks for the amazing food!
your welcome:
I really enjoyed lunching with you two ladies.
Hope we can do it again sometime!
Today is my official 1year anniversary of working at !
Goodnight Guys!
Sheba cover your heart
YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't judge me
When it comes to affairs of the heart, I try to avoid EMTs, electric paddles and the word CLEAR!
That shit was tight
Hiring a smallbiz coach is an effective way to assess the health of your business and overcome any problems that may exist.
I actually enjoyed the TCM female.
The sequels/prequel, not so much.
bahaha no comment
Hi  thanks for the RT of the post.
:
Absolutely.
RT:  if u ever see me PLEASE do that move like in the commercial please
People hurt people not because they want to hurt people but because they do what they feel is best for them
i seen the rise of the planet of the apes a cool movie
I had an incredible time at the FemalesinComedy Convention.
I have work to do, but at least I have a plan
Gee I love waking up in time for CBSSundayMorning.
A cuppa Lady Grey, a bite of toast ...
delightful.
streetfighter anyone?
Tourney starts May 2  9.
DM your name to register.
16 slots open.
Bonus points for costumes!
Prizes!
2 peronis!
Sun kissed tan so hot will melt your popsicle;
I'm having a hard time today : I'll kik you
Oh my gosh, you got a haircut?!
Oh really?
I never noticed.
Oh, and Happy TDay to a fellow Todd!
Flirtationship.
More than a friendship, less than a relationship.
ipressed by accident sorry D:
Was there a conference summary you'd recommend?
Thank you, mister President!
Rob Dyrdek Fantasy Factory.
chillin on the good friday 
Just welcomed two new interns to the team!
Happy to have Amanda and Lailaa join us from Penn State and West Chester Universities!
Thank you so much for answering.
You are great!
Haha, and you know what bro?
Fuck 'em anyway.
Don't let anyone doctorg you into a negative place.
You're better than that!
:
Hmm, that bridge looks suspect, and the neck looks to be uncommonly blocky.
I love kids but wasn't blessed do to illness.
Love watching your show.
Your a great mom  dean a great father/husband.
Hugs
NERCOMP DigitalStorytelling As a student, a rubric is my road map to an A.
But maybe that's the problem: tries to make art into science.
Thank you for supporting streamline apparel!
Thanks Sister for the Love!!
We are about to takeover the WORLD!!!!
INmydoctorEvillaugh!!!!
lol
hell yea bro.
lets bring back real hiphop!
You know it.
That was me in the white Wayfarers..I usually need more space to get down though.
Wait til my next video comes out!
RT : Never argue with a foolish person when u do it doesn't look like one foolish person arguing it looks like two!
I just associate them with freshmen dorms.
Time to grow up...
kidding haha.
it's for mothers day.
Lol.

Hello loves .
Movie recommendation is Jennifer Connelly in Requiem For a doctoram
Extension Cord Blunt filled with Dodi.
I Love You, Why Can't You See That?/3
When the directionator at my school says she's going to see 1D in 5 days in foods class I'm literally going to ask her to name them all.
duh lol get with it newbie :
I'm an adult but I am wearing toddler's clothing today
Loved the Sam Adams performance in last friday's Portlandia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
beginning kickstarter campaign.
Could really use some help.
We want to correctly represent Poe's stories in our film.
DM?
thanks hannah!!!!
you're the best!
Nice quiet day to catch up on work!
Hubby and I are in the office working all day: Hope everyone has a great Sunday!
Well of course there's no action...it's Dario!
Elevated Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with Mc doctor  dj Aaron playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
Hey, guess you like Maggie, don't you?
:P I totally love her and her acting.
She's amazing!
:
Hitting scales today at Noon at Brion's Grille...
i'll be under 160, will Kazam?
watching the fights this weekend?
Im always gonna have free songs up, and they will be mastered by Recover Records
CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE....AND IT'S NOT EVEN MY BIRTHDAY!!!!...:...:...:
no it didn't.
Mo pry thinks you're a creeper.
Rough woo wed?
We will be closed tomorrow to celebrate Thanksgiving with our families...but we are having a PATIO PARTY tonight...JOIN US!!
Pleased to meet you mister Cryer, welcome to this network, overall, over 80,000 contacts
These dudes ain't no CoOwnaz smh coming out your mangy ass bedoctorom in silver long johns type busters.
Tx for spreading the word!
I just used the Marion County voter hotline to check my polling place.
It works!
3278683
love you too Jess!
:
how many Guinness have you had?
slightly freaking out right now cause was wearing air maxes.
Dear friends: I am teaching Social Problems at UB this summer!
It will be a funfilled learning adventure, so sign up now!
im tired  eugene
COAST 2 COAST
You are welcome !
Awe my poor hubby is pissed he has to get ready for work
Prefect, you have no excuse not to be there.
:
I will be in touch son
Umii definition is short for Umiiral which translates in Filipino to ALIVE or LIFE just for FYI !!
The only town where I had someone shot outside the bar I was at 2 hrs after I left.
And breakin attempt.
did you see the season finale yesterday?
Cool kids only would rule me out immediately.
I suspect Lloyd needs to add you to zerista.
reminds members and friends that this coming Monday, October 11th, is the last date for new members to join.
Please join us!
aw you girl telltell heart
um kool !!
Well school Nd getting over some ppl but yeah and yhuu ??
Did it not show up?
lovers wanna love
Thank  4 everything they are doing in the fight against breast cancer.
You are appreciated.
R.I.P.
Mom, I love you!
what situation?
fuckk this, I cant deal with this shitt:/
Digglers rocked.
Friday is amazing and Filthys soon.
Hey nm u?
only mortal men get the madden curse bro
Where can I get one at?
Ah ok.
MKE is great...
just getting ready for the season to start.
No basketball, but plenty of hockey and Cirque to go around.
What, he has a new mixtape out?
RT Dmx new tape any good ?
you say that every time :3 3 don't worry, I'll make tomorrow the best.
LOL bytheway summer sleepovers, LETSGO.
I got this bad bitch Rihanna!
I mother fucked yo father!
BITCH t
getting your karaoke on?

Looks like I need to come set up a checking acct!
has totally failed me.
Reading The Sealed Letter by Emily Donoghue  victorian divorce, scandal!
thanks you nascar for doing everything sunday noon all the way to tuesday wow it been fun to watch, now off to phoenix!
good night people
Working extra to make this all a reality!
We'll keep you posted on all the efforts!!
Remember tell your friends to follow us!!
meganandlizfansweb  gmail .com : thank you so much!
I was productive today.
Rewarded myself with a late night taco truck and donut run.
This is why my pants don't fit me anymore?
Five days though....cant feed it 
ooc: I'm forcing myself to watch Scream 4.
At night.
Gawd, I'm stupid.
I one day aspire to become ye olde IRB gatekeeper too!
: You'll have to share your wisdom!
Follow me fir my birthdayjuly 24
Don't you go to a different school?
Stay outta of Ben Davis Swag
I am so happy with my life :
You're so welcome, !
It was a pleasure for me to be there.
Thank you for all the kudos!
:
Bebo...
Will always be the gayest thing I ever heard
Everyone hates a know it all.
thank you  I cannot wait to be on the beach!
Xoxo
1 Large.
1 Medium.
are left of the Trendy And Talented shirts.
15 dollars.
Contact 412.417.0952
thank you so much for serving.
Hows about something nice for a designer in Milwaukee?
Eh?
Eh?
Respect yourself.
Dont let anyone push you into something that is not you.
My dad just texted me.
He got his first hole in 1 today.
:
definitely a possibility
Aw would you really?!
I'm on my phone atm I'll give it a go when I get on my computer  if I'm still having trouble I'll
When will the Power 30 Under 30 award winners be announced in Georgia?
I am getting new headshots tomorrow with Laura Burke.
Multicultural Undergraduate Summer Internships: Web and Marketing expertise sought by LA Freewaves.
Deadline 4/26:
times like these make me miss allnight phone conversations where in the end you'd watch the sunrise together.
We will once finals are over!
: I hope she has a good day today.
:
One of my daughters' middle names will be Latrice, my former middle name.
Come October 4 in Rome!!
I'll be there for sure ...
I get your autograph and hug
Colombia Crest Gold Appoints Peter Ellsworth as VP Exploration
Alright, I'm heading back , , and I'm ready to work!!!!!
There's no substitute for guts.
Paul Bear Bryant
An hour l8r....
way to go Eagles, to bad the Jets couldn't win  eaglesfan
I dislike when guys come up to me at the bars and ask me to dance NO I would never dance with you EVER just walk away now
Why the cover up?
Means more vegetables, fruits, and lean meats.
Cut back on empty calories like sodas and processed foods
Can't wait to see sixmiles' local history site
Ch.
9 Yes.
Al has the death penalty,current death row population is 206.Choice is lethal injection or electrocution
If I Get This Experience Berkeley Opportunity....
It Would Make Me Happier Than I've Been Recently
Providing the musssiiiiicc tonight at bluemoon for temptation Tuesday's!!
GRE3NMNKY.com
How is it two already?
I need to come home before 5am next time maybe...
Attended UMD ONE  networked SAA w/unsuspecting organizations, all of whom have interest in what audiology can offer.
Thinking outside!
I still get a small thrill watching students take exams.
its all good :
They call me the flo mastaa!
How'd I fall so hard right into your arms?
Fish fry tonight!
The most memorable gift you can give your kids is to teach them to give back.
Congratulations for winning favorite music group!
i love you guys!
For every fear there are only 3 outcomes: you'll confront it and grow, you'll ignore it and adapt, it will bug you and you'll go crazy.
According to Jim Rogers: History teaches us that such imprudent monetary and fiscal behavior has always led to economic disaster.
I agree!
LIVE Aug Fri.20  Sat.21 9pm  11pm PAUL CARR, known for his hardcharging and soulful postbop style.
www.TwinsJazz.com

brand info shared socially doctorves 2x awareness, 4x purchase intent vs.
traditional advertising
Copy paste no individuality.
ha how you been trouble?
FOLLOW me back tnx
First and foremost, a sleeping bag must keep you warm
Guy at Miller Park to my friend, can I be your trending topic 
Q from audience: I was talking to investors: believed we should build brand, then personalize.
Can you personalize as you build?
without Simon, i wouldn't have my 5 boys that i have now.
Thank you Simon.
I don't swim in your toilet, don't pee in my pool.
Didn't like the Tax Act commercial
PhotoVoice exhibit premiere!
Join Aurora residents at 6pm at the Nighthorse Campbell Native Health Bldg, 13055 E 17th Ave Admission is free!
Sometimes, there's nothing better to hear than a Jackson Browne song.
The doctors suck!
I hate being here!
THANKSGIVING part 2, your BIG NIGHT party on NYE which is also an ALL YOU CAN EAT affair, we hope to see YOU !!
she'd kick my arse.
Fiery redhead.
How old do you have to be to go on Big Brother????
hey u should add me on facebook i would really like to get to kno u better
Finding weird, random bruises on your legs.
Well said!
See you soon ;
Whoa.
Kobe dunking on faces.
Guess that ankle is okay...
Ha.
Just saw this tweet...
Feel bad about replying to your email.
No hard feelings if you archive it straight away.
Don't RT me , I ain't talk to you today 
tell buddy to back the fuck up hah
where u at buddy
hey!
Beautiful new twitter avatar!
:
Just got a shirt made for teen hoot w/ 's names on it!
Also wearing my bulls SnapBack :D
Sure, that sounds cool, are you on facebook or do you an email addoctorss so we can make arrangements for coffee sometime?
I'll go with sinister...
;
Is 10:09 pm to early for bed?
That's ok, I was born a bum
they promptly reminded me why they aren't it worth it lol
That moment when teachers think we're actually gonna study for SOLs...
Jayoncebabynames its brooklyn!!
: then they can play the song brooklyn we go hard to he/she lmfao!
I just experienced something that was wild.
it made me understanding that a coincidence could actually go wrong.
I will take that advice and start right away.
Gobble gobble!
RT : Pro tip: it's never too early to start doctornking.
Would U 2 like it if Obama got 4 more yrs.?
I know Fox News people would like it, they make  money w/ Obama.
Yes, but it will be a 75mm due to the crop sensor.
I use that lense on my D90 and have no problems.
My computer is giving me nothing but fits, farts and freckles.
I think a new one will cost me more than this one is worth.
IfYouKnowMeWell I am a very open honest person.
I havent had a question I wouldnt or couldnt answer
subwayfitchat If I have to choose, MACHINES They can provide more benefits than just weights.
She kind of looks confused.
Like....what the hell is this shit??
The power of Ice coffee
Together we can put a smile on a women currently fighting ovarian cancer.
Please Join us
I'm at Dirty Bar's dayparty and there are SO many folks in need of
which  do i call from?
Time for the live auction!
Brenda Waters is here.
she is and she focuses on low carb/paleo nutrition.
she's been a blessing to me.
you can say i sentcha.
Merry Christmas!
I'm in love with 
Cause he knows you take it in the ass...needles that is
I'm back on track.
I ate a salad for a snack.
Okay your show is awesome.
BUT what's with all the ad breaks.
u just get into something and suddenly thrs a break.
join the team lol
I like the wobble I can sit back and enjoy jaja
Love the XX.
Must go check out their entire album now.
no way.
Is that really your size?
Pardon me, but that's hot.
When can we scan our bodies with our smart phones to find the problem inside us!
Their are currently waaaayyyy to many mobile device on my desk right now.
Did the PM fill out a bracket?
I'd like to see his picks!
Tour the Patterson House and Maryland Archaeological Conservation Lab tomorrow, 12:302:30!
More info can be found at www.jefpat.org
Oh no, why honey???
Its crazy to read the script of some of your favorite movies.
You would be surprised how much isn't improvised.
Going through writer submissions while waiting for MadMen.
Getting some good reads so far.
Old love does not rust.
Estonian Proverb
Poirier is pawing too much, hes gotta stay sharp here and let that straight left go with the inside low kick
Wish you were here...amazing song!
yess it does: aha
Thank you for scouring me tweets...CHTV is def not for me.
how was townhouse?
Looked slow tonight
few more years b4 that happens cuz
hahaha that's still debatable..
At Lindas doctornking away my patriotism.
Don't tread on me.
My is strong and courageous.
I love him so much 3
sometimes I wish death panels were real.
I didn't have enough time to fully blow doctor my hair, so therefore my hair is frizzy, and damp.
well PPL Park is used about 33 times a year lots time to put pro womens games there doop ,maybe double headers
Coffee, then worshipteam practice!
Woo Hoo!
Here we go Jesus, it's all for You!
I would not want to be the guy in a suit who had to tell Brandon Jacobs today that you didn't think he had what it takes anymore.
Yeah, but we can eat fries on our shuttle.
MT : Hey NY, your Shuttle hysteria's cute, but how does it feel to be behind D.C.?
Have you seen good results from the stuff you use?
we make a good team, now don't we?!
:
: Lmao.
Hey, I want you in the class on the 10th.
Its the last class and I'm not taking for an answer.
Platinum CarShow today  Club Nouveau n Tampa.
Cars in town frm Miami, ATL and all over FLA.
Kicks off  3 pm.
More nfo 8137707363
So one text me am bored
I guess i found that Jung quote the same time you did, otherwise I would have RT'd.
lol
Fur friday tho
Perks of home: on demand
Dude pogoing across campus  I applaud you.
Nope  but if they see you, they'll try and make you think it is!
LoL...
All day
i dont think so...it doesn't show it in the game modes.
Everyone can be Brandon
Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
Apparently I missed Joe Biden backing gay marriage.
But go Joe!
MCN 2012 conf theme is: The Museum Unbound: Shifting Perspectives, Evolving Spaces, Disruptive Technologies.
Gives us a lot to think about.
NYTimes failure article great read.
Speaks to an issue at my kids' school I've been mulling over.
Will be referencing all week
Happy Tuesday!
it seems like you and your wife are always dealing with some kind of medical dilemma.
oh and thank you: ha i am fixing to go to bed i have been working on some music
Yes.
Its a completely open system where every photo/video uploaded in response to a request can be viewed by any user for free.
Im done ready for prom shack thy ass
Hailey cooked chicken nuggets for lunch!
RT this if u agree ...
before i hated dancing i never thought good of it than i saw I.aM.mE and dance...
now i love dancing!
I meant for you to say to your followers hey follow zeb he is a great person were friends an he like baseball or something!!!
About what?
come on lol
Defense, you think?
Who shud be there?
Happy birthday big man!
Make up a generic question like: Which monarch presided over Britain in the turbulent insert date.
You'll look super smart :
lol, hopefully soon!
congrats though 3
Pabst is the Oldest Nationally Brewed beer in America.
miss hanging with you guys!
Keep being awesome....
I think that is a good use of time.
How do you feel about Conan Doyle, Arthur vs Doyle, Arthur Conan?
SPHERES!
THE SPHERES!
Welcome new Museum followers: , , , and !
People are not mirrors: they see you completely different than you see yourself.
s.
I was worried I'd be doing this for free.
Live from the seder!
Well be tweeting Passover!
um yeah...
that was the pinnacle of my life...
downhill since.
www.varsityjackest09.com Rocking the world one jacket at a time we love your hits
Best airplane trick when you're rolling two deep.
One of you acts like your crying.
No one will take the middle.
Coffee's on, the only thing missing is you.
Come on in and play for a while only at Piano Source!
Today I saw a man eating scrambled eggs with a fork while doctorving on 77S.
I don't know whether I should be concerned or impressed.
I am not impressed by the Ivy League establishments.
Of course they graduate the best
So good.
thanks, maybe I'll treat myself to a day off sometime and book in!
There is just some things you don't want to tell people!
I KNOW!
OR I WOULD GO AWAY, AND GET INTO MY BED INSTEAD
Love RTing great content from vegan moms  dads.
Thank you, doctorena!
True, but not too concerned about compile deps between components that collaborate.
Messaging/props is a good alternative.
140c
Yes we fuck!!
Bitch so what whah
Just got in from maken money n sweatn out wit a quicc run park
aw blush!
I've never seen him so fond of a horse before like he is for THAS
Very good.
Very good.
9 views in a matter of moments.
;
And you are in China for what reason??
Thumbs up homie I'll be sure.
hey sent from via ebay
will be ready to test it up this weekend
why am i wide awake?
Female Farmworkers Abuse: Migrant Workers Commonly Suffer Sexual Assault And Harassment, Human Rights Group Says: FRESNO, Calif....
Java time at the kiosk.
creek grand ave.
Enjoying my Vegas vacay
hi fatiima!
experience the silence and quietness.
just dive in.
We are currently doing the soundmix.
Picture edit and original score were recently completed.
What a long journey it's been.
I miss teen wolf:
People are really starting to see just how valuable Chris Bosh is to the Heat huh?
Bases loaded nobody out.
What's that mean for the pirates?
.....
Also, found a new memoir at today.
right.
I knew it was possible because of Bland, etc, and that's why I went.
But I think one standalone tweet started it all.
Thanks for the follow :
When I think about u I think about 17 I think about my old jeep, I think about the stars in the sky.
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
People who text back under 5 mins
I got my picks for tonights games on TNT video blog up soon Knicks Bulls Thunder and Blazer fans NBA Fan check me out RT 4
Which SF freelance graphic designers have a portfolio to share with us?
Looking for help w/summer poster/postcard design projects.
Great Thx every1.
We have an idea of what customers want.
Now, what are activities sellers can do to help meet those demands?
cool!
iPhone's are the best.
Too bad you can't come up this weekend.
When you see them all tell them I say Happy Mothers Day !!!
Even though they dont know me !
Thanks for connecting!
Can I submit a play to you?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis
Lol I was watching Lab Rats and the boy used the same polar bear pick up line said.
Ii wanna go to Vegas wiit
I can't think of a more perfect user name for you.
you guys are cute!
She's like crazy about you!
:D cutecouple :
A little piece of heaven....
My roots were always there...
I just had to rediscover myself as who I am.
I cant deny my blood, my DNA, my reality
ok fine but no barbedwire
NBMBAA Milwaukee Chapter Networking Event  May 26  Sake Tumi  Join us for networking, fellowship and fun starting at 5:00pm
I didn't know you had a twitter
no cover?
We'll be there!
So many ways to say I love you, but not enough words in the world to say how much.
INSTAGRAM FOR ANdoctorID!?!?
YESS!
Just set mine up!
Follow me  I'll just follow everyone back: KorinnaSimone :
your welcome :
I'm coming up on tweet 2000...who wants it...RT/Shoutout
and it's one day closer to the weekend, !
Chin up!
Trying to remember what a clean brown pelican looks like
You all appreciated momma.
RT  Miami Dolphins' tight end Anthony Fasano is a stock to watch this week  but is he trending up, down, or holding st...
Already did so happy!!!
;
On occasion.
Cheers!
Look for release of new features in ms acad search on 12/23
If you feel bad for Cubs rooftop owners after seeing their email campaign, it's been a truly awful season
Got the christmas tree up.
Now where's the snow?
This is Wisconsin, right?
don't you dare complain about the heat
needs to come to knoxville this summer!
Change the way you see things and the things you see will begin change...
so will Will!!!!
He wants him to so badly!!!
:
Ethics isnt an extra thing you tack onto your social media program.
It should be the foundation.
means no good silly.
Seriously, people.
RT : At least clean up the bathroom before taking your professorle picture.
who would buy a piece of toast that bit off of for 99,999 dollars!?
yeah he's hot, but dang..
I did and been meaning to respond.
Can we set up a time to chat next Thursday?
Reminder Jim Sherraden is coming this Tuesday, March 22 6pm in Falvey Hall.
belatedly thinking to wish you safe, lovely, generous travels.
lol i cant im so pissed off
jealous.
we don't have the permissions to run reports.
like wtf?
right?
Lets not have a convo on the tl
i need to know when youll be im arizona:3
Local celebrity Anne Marsen living it up to a sizeable crowd at Masonic Temple.
Living Girl Walking.
Ride or Die crew
Guys, watch out for the man sauntering up S 7th whistling Lullaby of Broadway really, really well
I'm inspired by your work on LNet, and I loved attending the OR Virtual Reference Summit in 2008!
Where will it be in 2010?
haven't talked to you in awhile...hope you're well!
I wanna come!
Haha
Is he going to do a ustream about 2o minutes ?
Thanks again!
We looked into the issue, try updating your WABE IPhone app..we've made some updates
ALLBALBOA was Great!
Special thanks to Valerie Salstrom of Get Hep Swing for inviting Aris Allen this past weekend www.gethepswing.com
Thank you, Karen.
Hope you're still enjoying your prints!
M, leverage.
needs to call me or get ahold of me some way right meow!
Smith is fast as lightning
Hop up out this pretty lil bitch n take a twit picc
Stop!
Take a breath...
Austin blows
Thanks for supporting last night!
We raised over 1750 in silent auction/raffle, 4800 in ticket sales  all for !
Seriously...
Gene!
I would die if I couldn't get at least 1012 every other day!
beauty sleep!
Come to San Diego....
Bring Little Jime and Wifey!
Come finish my leg!
Hope all is right and well with you my friend.
: Excuse me, but could you shut the hell up?
This is my favorite part of the song.
I know, I had to create a new pomppomp moment about this!
Especially since my pomppomp efforts were wasted on the PATS.
:
Got concert tickets for OWL CITY in April 2010 and cant wait for the concert!!!!!
what can i have some money
Nuggs do it again.
Follow up a solid first quarter by falling asleep in the second.
VW Golf is in the rough  Herald Sun
thank you!!!
RT : The weekend is shaping up to be beautiful.
Why not kickstart it with a couple Upward Motion classes on Saturday......
I can officially use a chainsaw.
I feel like this makes me somewhat badass...or a lumberjack.
Now I need some flannel.
Orpster officially has over 1000 Twitter Followers!!!
hope your hump day is better than Tuesday and you aren't getting
I just started The Hammer and the Blade by Paul S.
Kemp on Kindle for Andoctorid!
I am who I am and your approval isn't needed!
Ya we will.....MAKE MORE VIDEOS!
I'm feeling feisty
Did anyone notice that Brad Pitt's shirt was dirty in 75 of the scenes in Moneyball?
iris if you need anything you can talk to me ok ily so much
Dinner date with
Rest in peace, Dynaformer.
Fuck I don't want to work today.
That is all
Walk off boomba in the bottom of the 9th from
Feeding  watering five pets makes me feel like I live on a farm.
Animal House without the soundtrack...
so much love!
Love it!
I have done nothing wrong to deserve this song.
Gosh I feel like watching meet the Spartans but I freaking not on it was this morning
Every girl wants to be swept off her feet.
Im glad Sheree leaving RHOA....she's a bitch.
She really is.
First one to throw stones and first one to cry when it comes back.
U DIDN'T FOLLOW ME
We can then change the name of our country to the United, where do you live?, States of America to see what rights we have.
i dont mind at all go ahead my friend!
:
I just entered 's EVO 3D giveaway!
You should too!
its way too sensitive.
Even with the sensitivity way down
You're wise beyond your years.
Has anyone told you that?
I'm sure you get that a lot.
Back at the grind this Monday morning?
Take a welldeserved break at lunch today and test out one of our new menu items!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
I freaken love Miley Cyrus.
She's so pretty!!
Yo Jason misterz!
Your new hair is almost as cool as any of your singles.
they're 18 now they're old enough to make their own decisions
I'll be glad to assist you with trying to locate your phone.
Give me a call.
4437590940.
Thanks.
MYTService.com.
Laugh.
Dance.
Love.
what a great way to live life!
Summer camps, after school programs, artist development.....
Yes I am doing it!
Do you know what Coach Cal's restrictions on transfers were?
If it's not they should find a different job.
People need to hire for passion then knowledge not the other way around.
D.R.U.G.S is one of the few albums that I love every song from.
It's been officially 3 days and I havent ate because I had some type of stomach virus/flu but now I'm good but still have no appetite.
Mild oscar show best unscripted bit?
1.
J lo  Diaz butts 2.
Scorsese!
doctornking game
music is fun.
Math is used for trickery and shenanigans if you're a corporate banker...
we were once Wikipedia goes black it never goes back.
RT : Short term future?
Ever see the QM2 swing a Uey??
: is goin' CRAZY right now for !
Don't miss the show nxt wk, 7022736843 for FREE guestlist and doctorNKS!
Thanks for following!
Make sure you register on our site for focusgroups in
In case you have not heard, we are completely SOLD OUT.
If we don't get to see you tonight, have a HAPPY and SAFE New Year !!!
im insanely excited for the
The smile and eye contact me and had
he is a 16 year old rapper who lives in Atlanta,Georgia and is making it big and trying to get to notice
Funny quote from FB user about stock sale They just paid 1 billion dollars for an app which let's you take sepia photos.
Run away!
she's showing everyone!
Girls, need to appreciate everything a guys does for them.
not saying they dont.
but most ladies dont.
Same here man.
November cannot come soon enough for Skyrim.
According to , the Packers will release Nick Collins.
Team not comfortable with him playing after neck surgery.
thank ya much
i love that song and i love Larry Hernandez too :
haha that's awesome :
Lol.
My daughter
heck, you're here, aren't you?
I love the robot!
Quality varies.
Quality matters.
Choose Quality!
who wants to help us get to 200 followers today!?!
I LOVE YOU SO SOO MUCH AND I MISS YOU !!!!!!!!
Been trying to get to notice me since he was 13.
He's now 18.
BUT I will never give up  please followw mee!
Now I'm mad.
Whatever, Northpark is a hella far doctorve anyways.:
You too!
If I'm being honest, this TrayvonMartin case has taken me out the game.
Been severely preoccupied last few weeks...
Watching the game on DVRing broadcast.
Will watch that one later, if the Spurs win.
If you have an Armenian event coming up in the LA area, let us know!
We'd love to come by and set up a booth!
We are.
aren't we?
Are you in London?
Trying to figure out if my FB status update really isn't working, or if I've just sent it five times.
somebody PLEASE MAKE THAT HAPPEN
Holy Cow...We're really busy...come on down for the fun and all you can eat.
good night enjoy, my fav is house wifes of Atlanta they are craze lol
Onemonth countdown 'til triathlon.
And I can see it in my diet ...
I've had like 3 breakfasts so far this AM.
You'll Think of Me
What u use to cut fondant icing.
Like a cookie cutter but smaller.
what prize?
Not sure why walking briskly for about an hour twice a week seems to be too much exercise for my body to handle.
Why I'm till so Sleepy?
I just woke from a eight hour nap.
Wth?
Screw the Mavericks.
Hope Bulls or Heat kick their smug butts.
Only class act on team is Dirk.
Hope Mark and his Mavs go down in Finals.
Blane Harding is giving terrific keynote on advising as teaching, NOVA,
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else...
bestbeustggboots,nike shox,cheap ugg boots,nike air jordan,air max ...
Hello!
I have heard from a few people in the store about excited for it coming out.
I'd have to put a number at at least 5!
YouWasCuteUntil You opened up your mouth
OFANM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I'm sure you're already on the list ;
what did your husband took as course of treatment?
What all things did he do to remove those kidney stones?
Tonight's South Park is killing me.
Liverpool in desperate need of creative spark
There will be an Anchorman 2.
Stay Classy, San Diego.
We're renovating our website  the new site will be ready very soon!
Signup for free now and we'll alert you when it's ready!
hi hi
No one in my family likes Nickelback.
Praise Jeebus.
When you think that little black doctorss I hope you think of me3
in all the excitement, don't forget the answer is I do.
1st time getting to sleep in after partying like crazy :
I do it for the feelings of LOVE FREEDOM  ACCEPTANCE and it makes happier than I could ever explain!!
Sorta Kinda Done With My Essay /
There is so much to do.
So I choose to do none of it.
ay I deliver to one of those companies out her she look gay
im watching the xfactor final and nope, in florida:
It's FierceFriday  Make today gr8 lovely ppl!
that is what I was afraid of.
Thanks man
I used to go to tap class reeking of Bengay.
I tried to continue after the shattered kneecap, but it was too much.
I see what you mean.
LOL.
Why did i leave?
I can't wait for Christmas to be here already I Want snow!!
um, ok
Lord, give me strength to get past this week.
And hope I do well on my finals!
Having a great time on set of Rob Owen's Another Breath music video, what an amazingly great crew!!
Ha I was a rum on New Year's guy until I got escorted out of Bar None on New Year's.
agreed!
but some customers might say at least 72 better.
there's nothing like getting a new ride!
: when is the costume comin out again?
Not sure but it's definitely time to busy out the Elvis costume
Now be nice Dan, we can disagree without being disagreeable
love that song!
some nice deals there, like Warhammer40K  Mortal Kombat vs DC
So bored n dissapointed
Hey voters what if the iron bowl was being played right now?
Likewise!
Talk soon!
Big face bitch with a attitude!
Hell Naw
finally...ill holla
Not unlike the city as a whole, I'm sorry to say.
RT : In other news, DFW Airport is terrible, a big, sprawling design failure.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
Goethe
I just want to be the only girl you love all your life ...
3
look at his head between rounds 45 2 big blobs and he had never even been hit in the head!
no blood no lube just saying!
I'm going to check out the film this weekend.
Congrats!
nw Fat Albert on the BOUNCE network.
This was the cartoon u wake up to on Saturdays.
no bro  I wanted to stick the marker up her ass though so badly
thanks so much for the follow!
If we can help with some furniture or a new mattress let us know!!!
such a gorgeous pic!!
i talk big money i talk big homes i sell out arenas, i call that getting dome
You know whose partying tonight?
The founders of instagram, that's who.
Jets Giants Football.
Go NYC!
Yummy!
Who wants to give me shout outs ?
That would be nice of yous.
Wanna reach 300.
But close !
Thankss.
oh don't blame the fans or even voting!
Thing thing sucked all the way for everyone
Ha!
: I'm on a mission to suppress voter turnout, because I live in Indiana, and I know my neighbors.
Depends on how they fit med/large.
Let's follow, exchange DMs and make it happen.
someone text me!!
im bored as fuck.
keep me entertained!
:
Lmaooo get OUT
Is there a chance you may change your mind?
Attended XX years yesterdaythe closing number from Hidden doctorves was my favorite!MKD
Unexpected texts or calls 
i think the key word is threatening, and to my knowledge its only Texas
Nothing but LOVE
yes ma'am: for yall I will!:D
please tweet me :D 2
The show doug is so hilarioys brings back memmories
National existing home sales up 7.7 for August!
Indiana up 27 for August!
Great news for all!
Let's keep it UP.
With the amount of bike riding hipsters do, you would think they'd be against beards.
I'm basing this on the number of bugs on my windshield
Sunny day!!
Dell XPS 14z Takes on MacBook Pro
Get me the fuck out of this bio class.
This class is filled with assholes!
Your clearly a grammer snob.
Fred Couples, our pick all week to win theMasters is now the coleader after two rounds.
Well done Freddy.
Y:i think mom's gunna call one soon A:awh okay, well i might come visit you later later that day, there's a knock at the door
maybe.
In that, I'll defer to the tweeters who'd know more  have sources  stuff.
Well if they do that every single day, yes that must be very boring and useless but I don't talk bout everything at school so x
I am number four wasn't a totally terrible movie I am surprised
space shuttle discovery has landed for the final time
All this Haiku talk/ it is quite hard to focus/I can't stop laughing.
Join us today for lunch!
A La Bourgogne Salad w/ pears, glazed figs, Stilton blue cheese, and caramelized walnuts is waiting for you!
JUST TAKING A MOMENT TO STATE THE FACT THAT THE BALTIMORE ORIOLES CURRENTLY HAVE THE BEST RECORD IN ALL OF MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL
Tonight I'm spinning the mother of all hip hop sets for the show at  benefit for Civic Frame.
i did at one point, yeah.
Our chopper is down now, though.
Want to volunteer but have small kids?
Keep a friend's baby so she can have a couple of quiet hours.
She just may return the favor!
Surround yourself with good people as often as possible...
you get that vote on boy.
pace and buzz is definitely smokin hot every time I visit the Palo Alto office too :
Iced tea
Heating, Ventilation, A/C Services 6177923350 Boston, Suburbs
COMING SOON: our first video tutorial showing you how to transform paper prototypes into interactive prototypes that work on your iPhone!!
Watching the game with dad and : .....
Absolutely!
Any time you have any questions or need me!
finished up placin another two orders of downloadcards cause that's one of powwowjamz specialties
ugh.
If i read a little more i would have known you are not in Austin.
Just getting off gotta get some sleep working in the bronxs tomorrow boston rd n 233st city shit really sucks.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Kind of embarrassed I laughed out loud at that...
so did you like the news?!?!?
you's A Laammeee Boy ctfuuu!!
he was on yesterday too??
Love it!
I'm sporadic but excited to see what you send out!
xo
can i get a follow back Or retweet?:
can't wait to see this project unfold!
He found my reference to him through his trolling.
yes please!
ill take a look
Judge denies Gov.
Scott Walker request for 2 more weeks to review recall petitions, says election likely to be ordered
It's decided.
I will marry Tim Tebow.
Doesn't matter how many times I've seen The Shawshank Redemption, I get sucked right back in every time I come across it on TV.
I think I might feel better about Walker's lies if he bothered to maintain internal consistency between them.
We love !!
Our favorite events coordinator
New cologne from banana republic.
Smellin extra nice
Melinda is cool  a perv.
We might be long lost sisters.
RT jealous????
I knew it!!
pervstogether
i love you.
Hey guys, thanks for the follow!
If you guys every need any mixing work done let me know.

Thanks!
First flr deck, big enough to fit a grill, and leads down into the backyard.
Can be a small yard, but well kept.
Auditions for Thunderlips and the Submissives will be announced shortly!
Its nice to have someone give you that Butterfly feeling 3
It's a brofest out here
Now why did have to go and talk about Steelers distracted at
Actualized project or theoretical?
are you excited for BoyzHitDallas?
LOL!
Dude, they will not owner finance.
Though, you put 75 cash down, and we'll work out the rest.
I second that, no screen shot is no good!
She might be taller than me.
I'm 5'3 so don't think the ball alone would be high enough.
But very good to know!!
How much Will Ferrell is too much Will Ferrell?
I was in Charlotte for the swim for a couple days.
We've got holding down the fort for SI in Dallas.
Happy Birthday to and
In his Micky RooneyLet's put on a showvoice paulRyan says; Let's balance the budget by cutting taxes!
What could possibly go wrong?!
I'm so tired of school.
I would now like to apologise to anyone in town who will see my doctorving in the next week or so...
2012 album has just arrived!
What can SAA and archivists learn from ARMA and records managers?
A lot.
No sniff or sigh baby.
I almost home :
Oh kewl wat singers do u like?
TARHEELS!!
: President Obama attending a fundoctorising dinner at Vince Carter's home.
vinsanity
my coworker DaneHansen hated ur show and now he freakin loves it....can we get him a shout out this mornin fellas
Great defense
Pierce joining his Celtics teammates in halftime shootaround.
Walking fine.
: When did you get an iPhone?!?!
observant I didn't.
Am using my iPod touch.
I refuse to get an iPhone.
If hoodies make ppl look like criminals.
then that suit, glasses and mustache can make Geraldo Rivera look like a journalist!
Hmm, not sure why it was left out.
Do you have a pic?
Send it to us and we'll post it!
Oh no.
Im not bringing pirate back, or out of my apartment for that matter.
I hate it.
haha.
Snow white?
Wtf why am I talking about Disney?
And no invite?
Lame.
A Hello Kitty airline would totally do well.
Or EVA should license it long term.
Wow.
RT : Senator Mac Harb will introduce legislation to end Canada's commercial sealhunt next week.
Free Food,, watch www.downow.info watch Welcome enroll www.dowsite.info my contact 's on site, 125 leads per week !
damn.
tired af.
We are the perfect spot for your Fantasy Football League's doctorft party.
Call Jen Town to reserve your private doctorft area 4803680369.
Yes i'm a belieber .
You mad bitch?
ActorStuff: play your character without falter, from your soul.
why don't you work at the office anymore, I need to see you :
The first person IRL to welcome me at Tweetup.
Thank You and what have you done?
;
I wonder if the medical marijuana crackdown is BHO's way of pushing GOP to support legalization, because that's what's happening.
Come out to LaughAndSip support us.!
UFC in the great state of Florida.
You know that is a great fit!!!
Give women and authentic welcome every time and they will feel connected and they will refer you to their peers.
is that you in your icon?
Our museum is a special place, and our talent is our educators!
Annie Polland from the Tenement Museum
dude, cant believe youre going to leave me all alone in spanish today...
and lunch!
this will suck
I wear this belt with everything!
RANGERS opening day!
relaxing, then starting the Halloween festivites tonight  Haze Nightclub on the strip!
Thx to everyone who came out last night and listened to me speak.
I had a great time.
Thx to  Neal for all their hard work.

Watch how we do yall this summer.
Whoa!
Can't wait !
Wait what : So wait denver is bringing in ?
Lets fall in love  give everyone something to talk about.
3
Two guys were trying to impress a chick with their tandem recumbent bicycle.
Her disdain was priceless.
It's bizarre that the produce manager is more important to my childoctorn's health than the pediatrician.
Meryl Streep
I've always wanted to run on top of a running car like in the action movies.
haha dont feel bad i get lost in my back yard
Today is going to be great!
Goodnight/Morning Tweety Birds!
Vacation tomorrow!
Well, a short one at least...can't wait to get outta town :
If you could make one change to your current home, what would it be?
THANK YOU SO MUCH..
NOW GETTING READY FOR ANOTHER BIG ONE...
INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES IN KENTUCKY ON APRIL 13TH15TH
home.
Have been in New Orleans the last few days.
hey!
I have an idea, what day do you arrive at the airport in America..?!
Absolutely!
Looking forward to seeing you.
kids Spoil Mom with a Special Mothers Day Meal at Sullivans at Sullivan's Steakhouse, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Show Mom how much you care...
HAHA.
Noo I'm not going there..I was just asking: well my hole fam had J names..
There are very few totally new ideas, but there are even fewer new old ideas.
Thanks for posting...
O that's not good!
I get all the dead ends cut off at the end of each month!!
My hair just grows like really fast.
haha
Mentor Graphics Moves BridgePoint UML Editor to Open Source Domain  Generation NT
Busy day of recording and planning  make sure you come to the December 11th show.
We have you in mind.
WomenWhoTech all speaking at
I think I might shave my beard if the Wings don't win the Stanley Cup.
Happy Leap Day!

NF follow.
Back
Just watched last night's show over lunch.
Loved your response to your disappearing guest.
3 love my boys
RT Looking for my award.
:
FASHION TIP: 50's inspired clothing is IN  tailored suits  structured gowns!
that's exactly the model we strive to follow.
Thank you for being one of the people still trying to keep it honest and loyal.
but of course...say no more haha
I told Ryan to get me sonic...
But I'm not going so school.
I feel bad 
Glad you did too!
Let's keep looking for ways to support one another and the arts!

Friends  Family of doctore 6/2 Huguenot Beach 4 all day memorial.
Park on beach, bring food/doctornks/chairs/etc.
RT FOR doctorE!!
sounds like a wonderful opportunity!!!!
Have you spoken with you Academic Adviser about it yet?
Free of an unknown burden.
I feel great!
That's some shit talking to yo fam not knowing he dead ....
Until you look over
Happy Tuesday!
Tweets today, are brought to you by
Everything is sharp.
Cutting.
Crazy.
It's hard to get back into shizz...looking at all of the boxes on the shelf...
If you missed it yesterday  Milwaukee Holiday Parade on Nov.
19th at 9:30am.
See you there!
Arizona.
Let competition between Kolb, Skleton, and Tebow begin!!
GET HERE NOW!
PACKED PARTY..VEGAS' FINEST AND YOUNGEST TOTALLY NUDE ENTERTAINERS!
CALL FOR FREE LIMO!
Shoutout to and maengl!
Model for social reflection space.
ru n to big woman
thank you:
Authentic SelfEmpathy leads us to act honestly,kindly,selflessly, and bravely towards others.
My couch!
Well my room is hotter than hell , Imma Migrate to a coldest room in tha house:
Tryouts went great!:
Good workout
I kinda love nerds but shes got a mustache :/
I got 2 school, asked J 2 focus n explain wat happened Took me 12min 2 control him School struggled for an hr.
Touch Down!!!!
Double shift.
The Bieber family is great huh??..
Mom about had her knees cut off once by someone with a retractable leash.
Ugh!
Video chat anyone?:
what if i was shallow?
but its not the same !
:
Just because you're on you period it doesn't give you the right to yell and bitch about everything.
Gave up on seeing rally...too many sane people clogging the National Mall.
Yeah, I mean he's never been anything more than average.
If Santana is going to catch so much he's going to get worn down.
Yes.
First they go mad, then they go wild.
Then a late night infomercial sells you the DVD'd antics.
RT We know the Lakers are gonna win, end of story !
Zach's going to be on this one yes but what about Mikey?
:
Right on!
LetEmPlay.us
She got a nigga on the side just to use her, Lol
I feel like I am getting sick.
Is it wrong for me to get agitated that a bunch of painters were literally sitting on my car when i went to go get something out the trunk?
beautiful painting!!!!
RT
their madcool like
Workout today was a minimum 2 hours...innumerable thanks to my trainer!
What is a Brand.
Can you honestly say?
Check us out for branding tip and ideas.
www.gseafashiongroup.com
I'm not sure I've ever had this much fun watching a basketball game.
This looks SO yummy!
Of course you're not in FL this weekend...
because we are!!
Ops!
I forgot to say GM to the tweet world
thinks Kennedy should just save his voice.
Enter to win a FREEPIZZA weekly!
Just text FacebookPJ to 90210.
Normal msg rates apply.
you are what you eat.
CUZ THERE'S SO MANY FINE WOMEN THAT MY HEAD IS SPINNIN
Bee Media Acquires Digital Media Technology Co Adcentricity  Private Equity Hub
don't sit back and watch.
do something.www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com
: When you give a mouse a cookie...
he uses it as bait to hunt for bigger cookies??
keep your options open
Does tea have calories?
Leery of tonight's glutonic gorgefest at Lotus of Siam.
I keep Pussy Runnin Like Ah Faucet
Glad to hear you were a fan of still true today!
Raceway Car Wash in Canby uses the FINEST ECOfriendly chemicals for cleaning your vehicles.They are better than your dishwasher soap!
I'm seeing lace, lace and more LACE everywhere...
shoes, jewelry, clothing...
you name it!
Clutch clutch clutch clutch MOFUCKING CLUTCH!!!
The hook is great.
Everything else is bland in my opinion, but when the chorus arrives the obsession makes sense
Hear what I have to say
Just received feedback from my audition going to keep using this as a great learning process!
Hope next round will impress!
i know more den what you think i do but i plays the background.
simba be coolin .
lol
there's this condom case that looks pretty legit
Yes we can!
And it's in a few hours?!
Come by to see our new displays for Texas Writers' Month and texts that emphasize the social function of the written word!
You also..also check out to see if you are listed in our site under travel..: www.ybocaraton.com
Not looking forward to explaining Deadmau5 in office tomorrow.
Am looking forward to telling people how much I loved Minaj.
Thank you for following us, and supporting independent theatre!
Stoked.
Just ordered the small Pink Lady Apple Pie  an asparagus goat cheese tart fr for pick up at
Don't u worry abt her safety.
She is in a hell of her making  nobody is gonna help her get out IMO.
North Central played their heart out tonight They playd well.
talked too much.
Don't forget not to fuel the fire.
Yeah buddy
Def.
of blasphemy: showing contempt or lack of reverence for God.
Just saw Nicki Minaj...how incredibly awful that was.
I'm so sorry God.
Done with mixing and off to chicago
lol so I can watch it later
Health tip: Spend more time with giving people.
Witnessing others' acts of kindness can make us want to be more helpful.
It's official, I'm moving to Alaska.
wheresthecoldair itswaytoohot 
Welker needs at least 70 more yards!
And another TD!
I make myself laugh
Andoctorid Jones is brilliant
hey i love prince to
YES, please
You deserve best tweets to She's very adorable gives you outstanding tweets to you.
: LotsOfLove 
email rarely has context when read by 3rd party.
Lesson far to many fail to learn, until this happens.
Stupid joke...

you ain't about that life...
I'm tired of seeing and hearing that line I really hate that line
ThingsThatILike old school hip hop.
that shit has me blasting my radio all the time
In Laurel, Maryland at the moment, just rode past the outdoor location of my first photo shoot.
what doctorve did you get?
Just did a three day shoot where I would've killed for Thunderbolt express card reader and hd
Agreed!
RT : The Stooges are one of the coolest bands ever.
Thank God for !
I mean...
imagine if someone live streamed his 8tabling all day and very publicly did that.
thanks so much!
The 3pt alternate you speak of would smoke the competition, light up the hoop, and blaze the crowd.
lol, well we do have a second bedoctorom  I know you  Olly get along,  we can carpool to work!
So sure, we could adopt you :
I sneeze 3 time and good thing my grandma was not here.
she would said someone is thinking about you.
Lol!
my teeth!
I want my teeth!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Northbound I35 right before Slaughter
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
that's a good question.
I like who I am when I'm witchu.
: The first 500 orders will receive inserts signed by the band.
Each color is limited to 500!
ohh ur so nice to me :
Of course I missed the only bus and my cab is now taking forever.
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away George Gordon Noel Byron
Eat at Cane's tonight from 67:30!!!
Tell them you know me!!!
The money I get goes to scholarships for campers!!!
I don't know how my boyfriend puts up with me.
With the opening of Big G's pizza tomorrow, there will now be 2 places to get Mac  Cheese pizza on Clark St.
Neither of which is Ian's.
I just love how nothing has changed.
thanks for following.
Just wanna let you know ...
Ive been without eyeliner since Saturday  hows it doing in Austin?
Lol
What does king cake taste like?
Flavored cream, fat,  sugar.
: M, my favorite foods
Would someone buy me 4.75 Chinese?
I'll pay you in backrubs
Your will to try must be greater than your fear of losing
Police say man hit in Uptown suffered life changing injuries.
In critical condition.
Ah!
Stunning photo, must say!
add me peyton112 on psn I need more people to play online wit
Fuck!!
I'm completely off track now..damn playoffs
Join us for Mattie D's Tiki Tuesday!
Hemingway Daiquiris, Cloak N Daggers, and a secret doctornk with Housemade Tiki Tincture!
They actually going to televise the second half???
mister Sun please leave ..
its gonna be 7 already
damn I'm jealous I bet you're having the time of your life...
gearing up for NaNoWriMo!
For tickets to our album release show , come see the band at work , , and
I always get a little sad at the end of a sandwich.
What topics would you like to see covered in upcoming issues of RiverViews magazine?
atta girl...
Im proud
Could Nerlens Noel and Alex Oriakhi play together in college?
Sure.
After all, they both attended The Tilton School.
Everyone should take 2 seconds out of their day and vote for my friend Ali Provot 's daughter for the 2012 Cutest Baby Contest .
absolutely.
similar ideas rolling around here :
My iPods about to die!!
Fuel costs going up 500 at one Indy area grocery store.
Right now they're eating the cost, but it could be passed on to customers
Adoctoran Beltre, 456 feet, think the hammy can handle bottom of the inning...
Today is the anniversary of the 1979 Iranian Revolution.
Love and strength to those who are still fighting for their freedom.
Sister's softball game tonite :
if you are up in pdx you should check our liege waffles out!
What?
Speaking of the gutter, don't you have something else to put on?
yes I can
ah, she's just toy  ing with you.
Seriously.
Lots of little red toys on GOP campaign trail today
Watching a storm with svr wx potential for the Midwest come Friday and Saturday.
Looks to slip south of WI at this point.
Crew Tour AZ is a wrap!!!!
thank you!he's really cute.
Hello!
Nice to meet you.
Hope you enjoy my poetry
Leprechaun food Tiny Greens Tiny Green People food
RT : Surprisingly enough, I am aware that I have a giant black mark on my forehead
Thank you so much!
:
get some Typhoon, in an hour's time.
I don't really need to, but I will still rhyme.
Free delivery from there with code NOV2011 at...
is my new magic 8 ball.
Called the weaver nono last night first time through the lineup.
Where are you?
I could use an adult beverage today!
Hope you are doing well, Whit.
56 of GOP think waterboarding isn't torture?
Fuck them
Texas you need a photographer?
Here is my favorite local photographer.
on.fb.me/kus0IF
Our names unconsciously influence our behavior
Tonight after the track closes, scout troops and sports teams will pick up tons of trash to make money for their groups.
I know how you feel!
:
He has already seen it  said he wanted me to see it, too.
I'm looking forward to it!
:D
Kickball champs!
I would move next door to you just to get a delicious lemon cake!
ha ha ha
please do tell every one u no please i will put every game on there thanks again
not many at basketball today.
people should show up next week
it'll be ok!
I'll still talk to you everyday but I sure am gonna miss you this summer!
last summer kicked ass!
I would rip my heart out and hand it to you.
Have a Small Business that needs an Advertising plan that is designed specially for your Business?
Send me a message...
Lmfao too bad you still do.
Don't you lie to me.
LOL!
doesn't it freak everyone?
A full day of rehearsal and prep for House Of Blues lays ahead.
To say causing is too absolute.
Greatly influencing is correct because natural causes are involved as well.
Really wish I could have seen Jerry Greenfield at UWM tonight.
Night classes are killin' me!
Hahaha.
I told my girlfriend we couldn't go there today and referenced that line.
Enjoying a Oktoberfest
In biology watching a movie.
me: call me crazy my nfriends: your crazy me: i didnt mean it literally
Agreed!
Speaking of, my brows are outta control!
Harry the owner said FetFest had the best dungeon ever created at the venue!
hesaidicouldquotehim :
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Resident Musical goes to...
HAIRSPRAY,
Texas/Okie early, VT/GT in the afternoon, Bama tonigh  great day of college fball
ResearchWeek Awards Breakfast is today  Congratulations, again, to the winners of the Grad ResearchForum and the Grad Excellence Awards!!
always get ahead of the attack;
Hard at work never felt so good.
Can't wait for the 15th
I hate missing the train by a block :/ sad watching it pass and knowing I have a 10 to 15 min wait ahead of me
had fun rocking the headshots with Dyal Photography!
Only 4 more sessions with those chicks.
Follow us on facebook as well, click on the Adamouski page
walked right up to the window and bought our wristbands today!
No waiting!
Glad I skipped the line on fri.
I don't wanna go to work, I just wanna stay in my bed all day 
what a wonderful dog!
Feel like I want to cry
you too girlie!!
you shoulda like my background.
The Miller Park grass is way greener than the grass at Augusta.
I was dissappointed by the neflix selection, particularly, for the streaming only plan.
if you had a million dollar idea would you twitter it?
your fan club/street team is doing well.
Keep up the good work my friend ;
's on improv, It's so much easier if I just listen to the other person.
Thanks for the interview this morning.
Rioters should be responsible to clean up today.
Last night was radical!
Really an amazing experience to remember.
!
Apostle; Papa G's word blew my mind and resurrection was power!
You know how my laptop fell off the top of my car onto the concrete in the parking lot while open?
That was an expensive lesson.
Dean Got Dumped...On Her Birthday  I know.
I know.
Its been way too long since Ive written!
While I would...
Don't forget!
Intern applications due at 5pm.
Visit www.guasfcu.com for more info about interning with GUASFCU
Okay, I'm started.
I sure wonder what is going to happen to John and Eliza, so that is a good sign :
Congrats, Ryan!
Can you take out a credit default swap on Tim Tebow?
That game killed me, and i'm from VA.
RT 353?
Bite Me!!!
How bout Music City Miracle?yeah, take that!!
More World Series endorsement ideas: Tony La Russa  the Rally Squirrel for antifur PSAs, Ron Washington for Maalox
I have a very dear family member in intensive care that will be inpatient in the hospital for a long time.
Please donate inspirational books
Europeans were never nice to the natives but I can't think of many analogs to the largescale killing/relocation.
thanks for following : I followed back
can I call u
We'll mostly be walking aimlessly around Paris.
Look for clueless Americans with chocolate croissants smeared on our faces.
Arrived at mla12 !
Setting up the book exhibit
Hurry and call 2626289121 to make sure your food is ready for the big game!!!
Just ate tacos C: oh yeah good way to start my day
thanks for following me.
way to go Therese!
I am donating a package to be auctioned off at Paws Hoorah for Planned Pethood, Inc.
this year!
6 day work week ahead...
Gotta make that money
You just got my vote from Milwaukee!
Go Wacey!
MCA clearly did not go Axl re Rock  Roll Hall of Fame show.
On the other hand, Kid Rock performing Beasties?
Sabotage, even w/Questlove.
DisH.O.E right here yo
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Another cup of tea.
I'm becoming addicted.
you can email
oh yes
thanks!
I will suggest that.
I'm sure nearly everyone in sports would rather work or play in Boston than Baltimore.
You're doing good girl keep it up
follow me back lol
New round of phishing emails today that look like a complaint from the B.
It's NOT.
Attachment contains virus!
Will captainins of course.
lol!
Man that was a great movie.
Looking forward to having you come in!
We hope to live up to your expectations.
:
Wild claim Patrick O'Sullivan
Great to have a coworking space in Singapore listed in !
Am I the only 1 that notices that only has followers, he follows no 1.
VERY CLOSED MINDED PERSON.
He is to b pitied.
yeah, it is..
and I'm always glad to see there are more TVD fans than I thought :D
nailed it.
Humility was the WWII generation.
Narcissism is the minutiae of a celebrity culture.
All Architecture all the time  my mind ; Thank you for the follow!
Bipartisanship is not the opposite of principle.
Sen.
Richard Lugar
I don't know.
What's that?
My home is close to the intersection of Martin Luther King, Jr.
and Malcolm X streets.
This pleases me on many levels.
Sure.
Go ahead.
;p
KONY2012  He recruited kids to kill other kids in public.
HORNY2012  He killed his own invisible childoctorn in public
where is your hard hat?
Vest?
Safety 1st
just wasted a hour watching a Tattoo show to see one piece done...
fuck outa here with this Jersey Shore shit.
Thank you everyone for participating in todays pop up.
You guys rock.
Sutherland 7th grade girls are rocking this lacrosse game!
What time will you be at the CH farmer's market?
scale 146 how excited are you that Andy's back?
well u botched the spelling but yeah
Just ate at Arby's next to some older folks all wearing old school UK Starter jackets and talking CATS They weren't very happy either
If you want to see a rainbow, you have to go through the rain..
What a beautiful day!
Trading in my office for a park bench for the afternoon I think.
If I could vote healthcare plan would be  1 issue.
W/O health everybody loses.
Wet Willies was fun ready to see all my loves graduate in the morning
Thanks the the RTs.
Have a great day!
My sincere thanks to ...
a great B'more/NY chat !!!!
Damn the lakers going 7 games with the nuggets smh that aint good..
We lose 10 of our influence for every monththat we have no contact with a client
better yet call me 2402811361
RT If You Still Up !
En route to signature gather for SAFECA.
2012 is the year to end the death penalty in CA!
Wen u feel pretty with all ur makeup on just bc u wanted to feel pretty u love the way you look, your mom walks by saying you look ugly.
You know it!
Woo!
RT : It's going to be a pretty low key weekend...
NOT!
IUBB  SuperBowl  It's gonna be CRAZY!
Who's with me?
shout out to my oldest sister.she b turnin 24 today!
happy birthday sis!dang time goes by fast!!luv ya
and Taylor Swift did SO good at the VMA's!!!!!
Sometimes us girls just need to be wined and dined to remind us of our importance.
lol I'm sure it was entertaining!
Did anyone see Joel olsteen in the crowd on the voice?
i am very very single  austin mahone
we offer professorssional baristas combine to give any party or special event a memorable distinction.
Another day of dedicated XSLT coding.
At least it's Friday.
Love brother sister time
thatawkwardmomentwhen your phone quacks in the silent nail salon
Ah it's hot in my room
Going nowhere fast.
Weve reached the climax  i wish i was this dude.
killed it on
What a crazy amazing night!!!
And It keeps getting better!!
she leans for me....
Miller says he's 100 sure it will be fine by camp.
Happy Anniversary to my Boo...19 yrs ago today we got married  the Colony Club in Barbados.
Umm.
A couple different ones.
but its alright.
Man, is going on a twitter rampage right now.
Great to hear the turbo engines again!
No rain,windy in GS 6.
Big names on track.
You can't just sit there  wait for life to come to you.
You have to go get it.
is getting talked into staying another night in Tahoe to milk the last of the snow and utilize the cheap season pass.
I need the deets on this show manana
I'm making it to Electric Daisy this weekend and that's final, enough rap music for now
42 days until I can see you again :/
Good pen RT : Mets game notes  the Mets are 62 in onerun games and 92 this season in games decided by two or fewer runs.
heavy flow.
Hehehehe.
u follow me?
The week I go to the beach, Connor will be at Chaos in Tejas.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO RELAX IF ILL WORRY ABOUT HIM THE WHOLE TIME?!
Everyone follow he's a beast!!!
why u gotta rub it in I think all deez laker fans had enough
Sparse group of protesters outside the Capitol, but plenty of free coffee.
Awww mama ur the best it was fun luv ya more : Mommy  Me Day was FUN !
Love you Mommy 
Ninetynine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses  George Washington Carver
that makes him the ultimate pitch count example.
In the advanced stage, bacteria develop at the base of the root of the tooth  attack the bone into which the tooth is embedded
Starting to DJ my name is DJ BLOST sounds sick huh o.O haha fact for the day SWAGSOMETHING WE ALL GET wierd huh lol XD
Austin Powers: That's doctor Evil's cat!
Vanessa Kensington: How can you tell?
Austin Powers: I never forget a pussy  cat.
It is never too late to be what you might have been  George Eliot
I get what it is : I'm saying what you going to put on it that makes it useful?
Congrats to Notre Dame, Baylor, and Saint Johns.
What an exciting season!
rapper/producer/CEO lets go !!
Lol
missed it...yikes.
Mom: You are a shit sometimes you know that?
IT'S NOT MY FAULT YOU FORGOT I WAS WATCHING MIRACLE.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident at 45th  Lamar
LowCholesterol Recipes: Easy Whole Wheat Bread 4.58 / 5 Stars  44 Reviews by PETZDELIGHT An easy basic recipe for whole wheat bread th
This is a test.
We repeat, this is only a test.
Video interview with the directors of InterArts the festivals new operating organization.
Congrats for Employees of the Month Mike Samuel, Ray Leslie, and Adoctoran Chrysanthou!
Hey Try Their marketing chief is awesome.
And their FB page is nifty.
You can't just tweet that without having to explain something.
Fair warning.
Have you seen Avengers?
Thoughts?
Really sorry to hear about your cousin.
Call me when you have some time.
I think we're at the courtyard marriott downtown/pioneer square.
YEE you have a cute smile
waking up crying because of your doctorams 
no!
Come back!
I'll miss u!
No problem, just trying to give those who can't make it to the Garden a little feel for the experience
pack, unpack, laundoctor.
pack, unpack, laundoctor.
Good morning world...
Keep encouraging your friends to follow
: Me and my sister are officially playing phone tag.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO CALL YOU LIL NIGGA.
.
followthursday or ff one day ealy, no matter.
Thx for the mention
I'm glad I don't have any friends coming to town anytime soon...this shit is getting really old and embarrassing for Tucson.
A Harvey Birdman marathon is long overdue.
It's the first day of Spring.
Celebrate your senses.
Sip tea, plant a flower, practice yoga,  celebrate the birth of a new season.
That awkward moment when you look at Accuweather and LA and NYC are pretty much the same temperature
There will still be those who dismiss anything LeBron does before the finals, but give the man credit.
He's gunning today.
i love you boo :
Wow!
Your performance on Castle season finale last night blew me away!
Well done!!!!
I don't like reality tv shows at all.
They are a good laugh but pointless imo.
Blogs, facebook, twitter, etc.
Gave a presentation on this subject targeted towards agents recently at the recent Restaino Blitz that wa ...
the fact that they can't get a deal done makes me wonder.
I think it is organizational stupidity, but ...
My surroundings is always on target!
justin on the news it said you are In trouble for putting something bad on here what did you do!?
After carting around Nikelle today, 9 months of that would not have been enjoyable
I want a nice Mcdonalds breakfast with orange juice in a hash brown
M.....blueberry pancakes sound good don't you agree?
You remind me of a boy that I once knew...
So happy that voices on like and have us up writing code for learning programs that work for tweeps!
I want my doctorams.
I don't think it's possible today.
I'm not a happy camper :
Great teams never change their uniform.
God bless NYY!
U Street  Dupont are home to 2 exquisite French bistros  Bistro La Bonne  Bistro du Coin.
Thursday, say OUI to !
70 of adult Internet users seek online video and 40 of all users seek health info online.
awesome thanks for letting us know!
Dont be fooled...
Tattoos hurt
Wdup son?
i'm following you.
no literally, nice jacket you got on...
I just got some binoc's!
What you eatin, b, looks good
I am trying to watch less TV this year  noticed I don't miss it.
A recent study found when u cut TV time in 1/2 u burn an extra 120 cal/day
wow that is aggressive.
, just out of curiosity, why sellout?
Lurking behind , and in the CMS Smackdown session
Miami Music Week: Which Track Reigned Supreme?
When you have to stand on my toes in order to have a spot on the train, it means the train is too full for you.
Congratulations to U and all the women who cowrote the book Million Dollar Conversations!
Solomon
It's rare to find people that have both the technical chops and the design chops.
Collaboration is good.
claymore was so good.worth the wait.
I love miria.Omg.This series gana end soon.This is my fav, so l b realy depresed wen tht hapens
New Costume Optimus Prime Costume
We have all met Gogal Bordello.
The initial contact has to be the sniffing
Thats what they're probably gonna do.
And no i know im gonna cry like a baby tonight, just thinking about it breaks my heart!
Our Presidents Day Dance is going strong ....
so where are you???
Antho already tell me
She is the shit.
To paraphrase mlk, the arc of the moral universe continues to bend towards justice.
Only a matter of time until marriage equality is law.
try cathryn farnsworth.
She is fantastic.
that surprised me!
Interesting!
glad I could make your day :D
He called the wrong person.....
Work has been extra mean to me today : long day x.x can't wait for lunch
Congrats Octavia!
Yes the hottest guy in the room goes home with u!
Definitely could work.
Otherwise, I'll find some sort of plow for my little Honda Civic?
Oh, Wisconsin winters :
you are welcome!
Why do you look so sad and forsaken don't you know when one door is closed many more is open
LOVING the new timeline format!!!
What do you think?
Dodgers won and Christ is risen!
Um, maybe that should be the other way round.
Happy Easter!
Sex aint better than LOVE but its better wen u INLOVE
Actually, that is what Gilbert Grape looks like
Bout to go make this 
Turkey.
Came to US for grad school and stayed afterwards.
Where r u at?
we want to see my big bro
Watching doctor and Snoop.
I feel like I'm in back middle school.
I believe he was in the slow class for real now lol
Now you can enjoy my wit and charm in 140 characters.
Reasons to be glad today: you did not awake at Stonehenge wedged between thousands of hippies
Just got beer spilled on my shoes.
Shit's gettin' real at the Derby.
At St John's Church in Worcester for a memorial mass in honor of Britney Gengel 2 yrs after the earthquake in Haiti  Details on at 9
Exciting week ahead.
Wishing everyone luck, hope YOU have a great week!
Damn, I remember when it was always Jaidie  Elyshia ..
Bout to get into some ImpreSArio Artist Management company planning meeting, downtown!
: Awesome!!!!
AFTER ST.
PATTY DAY SALE!
FREE HEADPHONES WITH THE PURCHASE OF A VMS2 OR VERSADECK!
Cooking channel has exciting events for quick and easy meals.
Paula Deen
lol and thanks you too : and nm...eating pudding pie...wbu?
I feel the same way!
I want clean, white and crisp.
that is exactly what im doing lol.
Daily.
Are u ready to be done??
dont get an attitude with me boy!
Decisions decisions, what to do.....
need some advice
I'll be home on Friday!
I'm not gonna do anything all week except lay out...
Interested?
:
Great day to be.
or a conscience.
You will know as soon as I do!
LOL
Off to pick up one of Charlotte's most famous world travelers, and one of my favorite people, , from the airport.
Glad she's back.
Cool :D
Excellent job paul...u go my friend
To continue the tradition of reducing waste, the is accepting coffee mug donations.
doctorp off your mugs  help keep AU green!
Upgraded my iPhone.
Woahhh :

this point, ANY SEXthat's goodwill do!!
:D Going to benihana later...
feel like sake?...plus I wanna c the fresh 'do, balla.
Call from my day made my day
Don't forget to stop tomorrow after work for some shopping and cocktails!
5pm9pm
Thanks for the wonderful birthday wishes .
.
.
I feel truly blessed!
Get out of Your mind!
where are you?
I didn't find a thing in town.
my phones on the fritz get on fb if you wanna talk
I should have more issues up in the next day or two!
One more hour
no...no you dont...kind of boring and all over the place...nothing shocking or cool other than santino.
two nights of insomnia.
today should be interesting
Joan Rivers looks like Michael Jackson.
time should I be there?
great email.
please lead the way!
iconic boyz who?
OH.
You mean the ICONic Boyz!
Get it right.
Hey folks!
was at last shoptalkers chat, but phone wasn't sending my tweets.
Hope it works 4 Wed :/
they're pretty much tied.
BoyToy now works the closing shift, I still work midday.
way too much time to get in trouble.
omg can't believe we missed it
Water has always been an issue in So Cal, but yeah, it's amazing we keep making national headlines!
We can't help you with the weather, but the city lights are still beautiful even with the rain!
Getting personal now aren't we Cameron.
I wanna go.
Tampa Trip give away is coming soon.
If you've won this week, hover over your phones...
awesome!
Opportunities this summer to use 's kickin' practice to inspire teen engagement.
Can we promote U?
Alpha, step.
Omega, step Kappa, step.
Sigma, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oh hecky naw that boy is raw
Good Morning East Coast Followers!
staying on my grind...
come fuc with ur boy for doctorps or featurs and shows hit my manager up 2068888185 big mike
Yeah, I just instagrammed a picture of a piece of paper.
Suck it.
Sunday NY Times mag is redesigned  recommitted to long form journalism.
SxSW thinks long form journalism is dead.
I'm with NY Times for now
ok im not gonna tweet bout bein alone in my crib and how no1 ever hits me up on anything but i will tweet how FUCKIN BORED I AM
Let's take responsibility 4 our own actions  emotions pplno1 has power over u but u.
The little things we shared are gradually disappearing and that's what scares me.
Your not using You're tenses correctly.
If you good at tweeting, you will do great working at the post office....cause this ain't nothing but a whole lotta LETTERS
Does Pacific Rim Fest have a Twitter feed?
: Let me sit on your face what if you smell like booty?
Kiss Me, I'm Irish ;
Beyond recovery or redemption; fallen or destroyed: a lost sole.
Unproductive.
Changing that, then hitting the green street jungle.
lmaooo , it's ok you don't have to respond ..
swallow my brothers kids while your at it though ..
Now watching Cosmos: A Personal Voyage By Carl Sagan 
One more day!!
Artician will be back up in a few hours
as crazy as it sounds, that could be the difference in the game
lol confirm might be the better word choice there.
if i admit i'm crazy, it means i'm not, right?
G
Girl: I'm cold.
Guy: Stop complaining!
Pretty Girl: I'm cold.
Guy: Take my jaket We can cuddle to transfer heat to your gorgeous body.
What happens when you're in fullon recording mode?
You eat dinner at 1:20 in the morning lol.
Barricades of Heaven
Why thank you sir.
: lol mad props to out of state broncos fans!
RT: Virgo knows how to get the biggest bang for their buck.
Translation: Virgo knows how to make you orgasm hard with minimal ...
ALLUCAN doctorNK.
Tonight 91, rails and taps.
It's nice out, nice enough to party.
I want to see Shutter Island so bad!
Does it live up to the hype?
I'd hate to be dissapointed by a ScorceseDiCaprio film !
Girl you're hotter than a parked car
hey man!
Could you email me your mailing addoctorss?
Worr
Aaaahh all these Hunger Games leaked scenes, I cAN'T.
I refuse to watch any of them.
Thank You!

I believe in second chances, I just don't think everyone deserves them.
:
RG3 joins Jason Campbell, Patrick Ramsey, and Heath Shuler as Redskin 1st round QBs doctorfted.
Fourth time the charm?
its true I am the fun.
ZUZU Flan voted best flan in Austin
Check out headlining the STRESS FACTORY comedy club in NEW BRUNSWICK,NJ tomorrow night thru Saturday night.
The only person with any intensity is Ersan.
I'm more active sitting on my couch.
This years New Year's Eve party is going to be ridiculously cool.
My friend is bringing his bag pipes to play Auld Lang Syne at midnight!
Was late for a yoga class.
Turned out it was an African doctorm Dance class.
Judging from the giggles, I bet my expression was priceless
Fabulous!
Great to hear.
3 T's to equip ppl: Tools, Tech, Training  access to channels  community
RT If I were Jesus, I'd change all the water on waterslides to wine because how awesome would winoslides be?
Bloging...
Its amazing what your fingers type when you let jesus do the talking
wish we could join ya....boo to 5 hour doctorves.
Have fun!!
We'll see...
I might ask you about that at some pt.
I want some good headphones and some sunglasses that fit my head.
Bayern is a mess on D.
Helping May Rihani celebrate her retirement from fhi360
The World Series of Poker will hold a tournament with a ridiculous 1 Million buyin per player.
30 people have signed up already.
Jamie, you are a goddess!
Getting ready to head to Geneoa city to hang with Cane post pics later
Congrats to H.D.
Woodson Girls BB Team 4 winning 7th straight DCIAA Title by beating Wilson 6118.
DC Youth Rock!
Hey hey!
Como estas?
When are you stopping by our new offices?
They're stunning :
I Am What I Am not what i'm not :'
hooooo braddah and braddah , dem's foosin words!
black and yellow, black and yellow, black and yellow...
Wow, this weekend was both beautiful and tranformative.
Thank you Cincinnati!
We are distributing in 9 states: WI, MI, MN, OH, NJ, NY, PA, ND  IL.
CONGRATS on the big puttytribe launch today!!!
Hope it goes super fantastic!!!
Funny  I am IN New Orleans!
: RT : Licking my paw.
Tastes like nature.
In my callback, the director called me  a nut well I guess at least he will remember me:
that would be a great story for a novel.
I've developed an obsession with those WoodWick candles that make crackly noises like a campfire...helps me write.
TAtransparency and accountability, to clarify
shhhh.
You can't say that on twitter.
Finally cold enough to break out my new Miami hoodie...
Thanks, !
No sleep tonight, way too good of a mood
The puppy pooped under my desk.
A nontoosubtle commentary on my writing skills.
is hanging out with Uncle Jesse and the Tanners.
it really is a a good one...
Lessons from House: Being right and getting results is ALL THAT MATTERS.
Be right and people can hate you, but still need you.
did my first cool lift today with somuchfun :
We need an Executive Producer/FilmFinancier 4 FRESHOUT 2 star a Compton Hood Movie.
Are you saying we don't bathe?
;
Absolutely.
We'll be working on this for a few months at least.
It's a feature length experimental documentary.
Um i still know all the words!!
Malawi gets female President..
We don't want to use the instructor voice, we want to use the dating voice...
onceuponatime is getting crazy!!!
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare
ur beautiful, never forget it!
Shower mosh: no regrets
Nerissa Myers gets a threerun home run to extend the Cajuns' lead to 121.
Sweet!
Thanks!
Just parked in the structure across the street.
Be right over!
thank you for following me..
I followed back!!
I would love to go see justins charity concert.
Shriners is an amazing hosptial.
1st doctorft of new pilot done in 2 weeks.
Very happy with my progress!
privacy is a more complex right than ownership
I need a quote for some UB tshirts and koozies!
Please DM me.
Welcome to the latest and greatest timesuck!
Nice to have you aboard.
:
All I can say is wow.
UK looks unbeatable.
It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed.
Who's ready to win win win???
you better get a bus pass tomorrow.
Or i will kill you , forreeeeeal.
whyamifriendswiththiswhore ?
Yep...
It's about that time.
Jello shots.
Beers.
And Call Me Maybe on repeat.
Morning cuzin have a good day
You dont have a job
It's a lot more than that bro.
See you in a few months
I needed that.
Thanks, lady.
3
thanks for your awesome help and encouragement.
I will definitely be doing this again  again so hope you can stick around!
No problem!
I'm pretty stoked!
You're totally not who i planned to do it on.
But you seriously, BLEW THEM OUT OF THE WATER.
at least he pays!
Of course this game goes to OT, haven't we read this story before?
so y my daddy permed his hair talkin bout if mama can do it so.can I.lol
RT : do you have current tv?
there's a good high school fb show called 4thandforever.
you would like it.
LMAO Big debate at the campaign office...
you'll be entered into a doctorwing for a vintage 1974 Brown for Governor bumper sticker
ThingsweallLOVE cuddling with that special someone!
Avi on point
I sure hope so!!
Can't wait for future hang time :
HI LIGHTS I LOVE YOU
Got me in this office freezing...so disrespectful.
Thank you so much, that's so very kind.
loving your blog as well!
OMG!!
Love this game!!!
Today in 1912 the first 2 cherry trees were planted in Washington, DC!
This year marks the 100 year anniversary of the cherry blossoms in DC

I Remember You Skid Row...
Well then
hell yea!
Back stage and everything then we'll go get our matching tattoos.
haha we're awful!
But my goodness it's funny!
i dont even remember ihope not
I dnt really care if u dnt like me
In the hair salon and saw a lady with a university of Kentucky shirt.
gouk!!
En route home to see my boyfriend that I've missed so much this weekend!
Thanks for the follow, twitter not showin me love.
We transported some of your guest today.
Please don't forget to provide our information to your guest.
thank you.
Atleast Cena will be there Monday......
Done working earlier than expected.
Time to go throw some heavy weights around at the gym and feel manly.
did you ever find your phone?!
Two days is a row?
You're so lucky!
Come check out our sample sale today at French Pharmacie!!!
I bet the 401k benefits aren't so good, though.
does that mean it has burst into flames?
Gators win Game 2 51, clinch series victory over 'Cats.
Wearing a ball cap...I never wear ball caps...but now I do...and now I will...forevermore!
welcome back!
Hope you and hubby had fun!
handy h1 records great
Some people just don't listen.
They're always the one's taken so off guard when all of a sudden things are different.
Crying my eyes out :' need someone to talk to!!
text me at 19166374191
since is going to my girl fridays show at webster, you should too !
Thanks so much!
Why does everyone want a twitter boyfriend all of the sudden ..
Glad to have the day off.
Meeting Andoctora for lunch

where you at bro?
aint no snow in cincy...
i strongly disagree.
If you leave in houston, we should meet and become best friends yes that'd be great
The AAFSan Antonio is a resource that protects and promotes the multicultural advertising community of San Antonio.
YOU BET!!!
are doing some amazing work here in Chicago!
; Thanks, in part, to the Summit and Training.
Loved Obama having a good day.
Scolding the press and getting in Trump referral as carnival barker
Met some pretty cool people at the YPC social committe meeting tonight and look forward to working with them.
I love the dirty looks people I used to know give me.
Casey Anthony is allowed to get away with murdering her child, but they take the life of Troy Davisiamtroydavis rip troy davis
im listening!
but ftr somebody outta fire mister excitement
Torrential downpour in Pune this afternoon, complete with lightning.
Apparently this is the first real rain in about 9 months.
You did, I'm glad you made it out to see it!
It was far from perfect, but I learned a lot and set a baseline to grow from
No, there is kicking, throwing, teasing and chair jumping going on during the nibbling.
She's getting too big to catch in midair!
There is no such thing as a permanently great company, nor a permanently great industry.
But there are permanently great strategic moves.
don't know he fn wit realn!
right hur
You are headed in the right direction.
Trust your instincts.
Thank you, fortune cookie.
Business Contact:
I follow back everybody so use take advantage of me!!
yes!
I called it..so I gotta be the Godfather!!
Congrats sahn, I'm happy for you!
Time to make the doughnuts.
just gave me goosebumps.
after an emotion roller coaster this morning...
I have learned how to print from my iPad!
Wooohooo!
tipnoodles, spaghetti and other starches won't boil over if you rub
You don't want to miss the Reverend Peyton band live tonight in the Pier Bar!
my girlfriend CLAIMS her name is Megan.
Please advise.
Hurry to Xerox hall 8b at doctorpa  the next special performance by du Soleil is about to start in 5 mins
Never Bite The Hand That Feeds
When will Chris Christie sign the bill expanding New Jersey's tax credit program for film and digital media production?
RT : If you run over your time at LAK12 you will be heckled by the laughing kangaroo  which makes ME laugh, too!
Your son is going to be a star!
Super chap..great fun to see him today!
How can the American people pick themselves up by their bootstraps if they cut them off and steal them?
We need Change
so, like, hey, guys, is so amazing.
and he sings so beautifully.c:
Talk about the 49ers big win, haven't heard from Espn on it so far
but there's a guy out there 'into that', no matter what 'that' is, really.
When hit 4,000 followers one lucky follower will have a chance to win a custom BallSoHardUniversity sewn letter authentic baseball jersey
; i got the privilege to see it for free.
:o
show  I admittedly cried.
Literally  best show ever.
Executed better than MEW who are extremely hard to top.
Happy Reading Day Huskies!
I have a habit of grabbing the 1st parking spot I see, walking 8 blocks  seeing 15 better spots I could have chosen.
Hey I thought of another good athlete named Kyle, Vandenberg Bosch.
Though he's a Lion now, so maybe not an athlete.
I love it when my kiddo counts for me!
:
For FF: Best of the Bunch  , The Guild Cinema, Shoes on a Shoestring, Long Shot Digital, , Papa Felipe's.
Thanks for following me!
Love you guys' mission!
At GO!
When you text GoCity to 84444 you should receive a thank you message for joining!
Its free!
Stop anytime.
Any suggestions?
Tooth Tip: Keep it fresh: Dont forget to toss your toothbrush every 34 months for optimal oral health.
Good to hear that you've heard good things.
We have brunch on Sat  Sun.
Open at 7 am MF with free wifi
just discussed the beliefs in a str8 forward fashion including centrality of faith.
FRIENDS 1 of 10: Friends are like walls, theyre always there when you need something to lean on, ok now I'm fall like the DOMINO EFFECT p
If I look or act like Billy Crystal when I get old, you have my permission pull the plug.
If there's no plug, shoot me in the face.
I hate it!
RT : This show is so uncomfortable...but interesting...'Girls' on HBO
Berklee alum John Mayer Here's your social media plan: create music that doesn't suck
broke 15' dead log in half by jumping on it while it was propped on another logother end flies up, hitting me directly in head
there's still a lot of us and we are not happy
travelIn2012 New Orleans check what's the details for Miami?
yeah I accidentally tweeted you that and meant ti tweet someone else ;
you were wrong about basketball...
You are wrong about baseball what are you good for and how do you have your own show???
Stop by my studio tomorrow I'll talk to you about it!
And all my cars got gas in the ashtray.
I remember being blind to it, til the day I put my mind to it
Well.....
At least most of the time.
I'll admit the characters have more interesting backgrounds than any other from the
Getting a bed today!
No more air mattress :
TwSIG Some faculty reticent to use Twitter incase there are inappropriate comments and it is instant.
So not requiring students to use it.
I'm freezing my buns off at this playground!
Isn't it supposed to be May tomorrow?
Where's the sunshine and warmth?!
Im sorry...
you seem super stressed....
I cant promise it will get better...
I just hope it does...
You dont deserve this.
: are you doing a comedy tour soon man?
Come to or  Do it!
Turns out everything was nothing, cause everything was me.
To you, everything was nothing.
Greg Laswell
Rough weekend for my And now Barry Zito is the stopper.
:
So The Wanted called Christina Aguilera a bitch and said that she acted like a total diva....
Well I would agree with that statement.
Agent calls me an hour after showing time to tell me they will need to reschedule!!
Ugh!
I was hoping you'd say stop what...
So I could say stop being perfect.:
my boy Jesse doped up too smfh
Congrats congrats congrats :.
In jersey
I am checking out the DallasCowboys pet gear now!!!
:
Merry Christmas Eve!!!!
Did JT doctorw up that play, too?
:
not that i dont adore you..
but i already got tickets to that show...
im getting the feeling like i hve said to much..lol
SJMC students and alumni, join uwrightnow Wed., 4/18, to document a day in the life of Interesting social media effort!
those people you just wanna hug, 3
Congrats, Beki!
RT Just found out I was accepted into the Madison Audubon Society Art Fair on May 5.
Real NECN journalism alert!
Wait...it's on sports.
I suppose you take what you can get!
50 off markdowns in stores today!
Time to pick up those stylesavvy pieces you've been lusting after, for less!
is there a French version of food stamps?
how do I PDF the signed doc?
Problem is I don't have a printer.
Mine doesn't work anymore.
I was just saying with all the crazy shit that's been going on in Columbus lately ion wanna hear no more mess.
I'm good though.
going on a random music youtube find.....lets see if i can find some good secret songs : xx going in.
We claimed steve for Doesn't stop those Steve Harvey fans from walking all over us.
Z has been making RaRa sounds so Isaac has started calling him Lord GooGoo
James Butterworth discusses migration, technology, and the rise of the Peruvian pop diva.
11:11 make a wish bitch
Jonny Lang is singing one of my favorite songs That Great Day
I'm wearing my Tyler Myers Jersey 2day, where's all the love?
Need more Sabres Jerseys out 2day!
BELIEVE ppl!
no problem man!
Shooting continues tomorrow with David Andoctors Silva Prada, Liana Afuni, and Spencer Lofranco
Import Auto Maintenance.
Over 600 dollars as a first time customer; not even a car wash.
Lame.
EB!
Along with some Boyz II Men!!
Come on ;
our inlays are different :
Geez, it seems like this storm came out of nowhere!
So much for a beach day.
At least we can catch up on projects.
Dear LOL, thanks for being there when things get awkward.
Sincerely, I have nothing else to say.
Just a couple of short assignments and I'm done for the semester!
I can be put together like a puzzle, but the pieces may not always go together
LSU board fires system president John Lombardi
you're damn right I am.
i want to just stop writing essays...please save me
Robert Downey jr.
is a very sexy man.
i'm going to start a board on my Pinterest page called Stupid Shit People Pin.
Yeah that's true too.
I  you more than bacon.
Happy Valentine's Day!
This niggas barber needs to be fired
im gud too....
you own a crown on twitter....
yes y'all.
Y'all got a problem with that?
Hahaha JK.
Yeah I just took a shower and we're going to eat breakfast.
you as well
he's still not back!?
:'
Happy Easter!
Psalm 136: God's love never dies.
Sounds fun!
So you picked a place you want to live and finding a job.
Good for you.
Aren't you going to miss directing?
haha yes, I thought it was quite funny!
Best of luck in all your endeavors!
Haven't posted much about it, but check out to see what my partner Damect and I have been up to since Nov!
It's sad how I dont have a bestfriend
RT : RT : Thanks to those who attended our event w/ last night  our hosts  more info on future...
Great photo!
Good seeing you last night, let's do it again soon!
Austin you know you're wearing jeans but not a shirt?
haha or bra?
jesse she doesn't wear those, i'd know me what?!
how would you..
SignsAPersonCantCook They make you a salad.
Cooking means cooking people.
Not putting something in a bowl.
parmesan, breadcrumbs, egg, milk, garlic, spices.
Cooked in sauce for 40 min.
Simple but real tasty.
Three things i hope never get old: mumford and sons music, reading on rainy days, and my soul.
I love when you go bowling and your friend whose single gets hit on by a brazilian guy
If you know your mediocre, don't try to look above average if it hasn't worked by now!
RT : scip2012 be careful when seeking your Legal Counsel's advice on your CI ethics, always conservative and could be hindering
Probably not, to tell the truth.
:
: why are we promoting it?
This is a great debate to have...
Durant walk cool as hell.
Lol
you are a nut!
Time to watch some MLSonNBC PHIvCLB before going to the game
I'm out for 3hrs if u try to reach me, wait....
Stop being retarded
I double dip lol
So much spam coming to this account!
Make sure you all are changing your passwords :
It functions like an ad but is more of a testimonial.
So instead of pushing out a message, it comes from a satisfied customer.
Definitely something to be afraid of.
should bring back Assy McGee.
There's just something funny about seeing an ass carry a gun in a holster
Lord, Please increase my Confidence.
Whenever I start to doubt myself, Help me to remember that You believe in me.
BarCamp Protip: Aim for a 15 min presentation to allow for questions after, and time to get to the next presentation!
Is Donnie Darko a good Easter Bunny movie for kids?
I like that code!
Twitter's value exponentially increased by posting pictures of adventure abroad.
Congratulations to Johnson Central High School on their 3rd place finish in the state Governor's Cup Competition.
Working on an Us,Today website, finding a domain name that isn't being used by a news paper is going to be difficult.
I even tried call different radio stations but never went through!
Every other website is too much money:/
day Apple A A day in the life of an Apple store
Good morning cruel world.
What's next?
Its Birthday and stood up all night just to wish tou a happy birthday as early as can be love yah MadBoy 
The law does convict us, for sure
I'll fight you!
It's a great tool for communicating with people with similar interests.
It's where all my gymnastics friends are!
:
saw many cute dogs in Madison Square Park dog run today.
It's so peaceful seeing the dogs play.
The best relationship builders are good conversationalists.
And great fundoctorising professorssionals use conversation to nurture relationships.
Looking forward to hearing Sir Bob Geldof speak tomorrow at the Response Expo in San Diego
trying to get out of it?
You could always say that you told somebody that you would go watch them play?
Done.
Congrats, bro!
lemon doctorp
Cheers to a New Year and Another Chance for Us to Get it Right.
Y'all No who i am Talking Two LOL
At the game!!!
yup.
The 9th bro
Smug: We have the main ingredients for cacciatore, except the chicken.
One of our fave coldweather dishes.
Yes, it is cold in Denver.
If he plays like he did today, yes.
Watt was everywhere.
Made tackles sideline to sideline.
That's it...
my car is officially considered a total loss : Time to look for a new car?
This is depressing.
haha I agree with that.
Could give him one for the last sb though with 21 on ir.
I didn't find out until last night that the show started a month ago!!
Is there any place I can catch up w/ full episodes?!
thank me later...
why weren't you working today!?
S/O to my cousin for the way he complimented me today .
One of the busiest weekends of my life.
there you go!
Good win boys!
Is there anyone who believes posting MOVING TO AREA, LOOKING FOR CLUB on a message board doesn't mean I'm a PIA parent w/ an average kid.
your lucky justin knows who you are an he cares !
:
That's so weird.
Perhaps the Twitter bug at work?
I refollowed, try again please :
He said it!
Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist.
That's just copying what someone else did.
Bach
to the rescue!
RT thank you for a great evening  especially for Deanna gracing us w/ her presence!
i was going to save my 100th tweet for something cooler, BUT I CANT STAND THESE EXPLOSIVE SHOTGUN SHELLS ON
Really think this guy will last a while 3
I'm sure they're out there somewhere but generally not in music circles.
LOBSTER MARGARITA!!
RT : WORST MARGARITA: Red Lobster Traditional Lobsterita  183 g carbs  7 Almond Joy bars!
I'm fighting with my best friend, my iPod is crapping out and idk I just feel off :/
The way you treat people is a direct reflection of how you feel about yourself.
Thx !
Every kid deserves a shot at Board Books...Chapter Books...and Textbooks, don't you think?
rocks.
listening to my favorite
Many pillows are a ministry to the soul....
NEXT MUTHAFUCKA SEND ME SPAM IM REPORTING U AS SPAM
or I defended my team.
But yeah ok.
I'd love to argue more, however I have work to do.
We can pick this up later.
well you know I'm down so looks like we gonna have a long weekend workin n partying shit gotta start summer 2K12 off right!!
Was very distressed to hear about the Mumbai bombings.
And of course I did.
1 nvidiaxen  : tesla card needs both power connectors
I have been torn a dozen times before
Today was so beautiful, it just made you happy.
I want the zebra vlados.
Actually i want all of the vlados, but those in particular.
Haha
The fact I have school in 6 days makes my life worse
Getting ready for our Teaching Online Course with I know I've said it before but it truly is one of the best courses!
If someone wants to be in your life, they'll damn well make the effort to be...
Both hands on the desk  History professorssor to the kid who came in late while the cover of Playboy from 1976 was on the PowerPoint.
RT : RT : Obesity rates in america have tripled since the 1970s.
Wow!
You too have a wonderful weekend!
Here at 's Female Success Factor Panel with who's up next to share her amazing story.
So the West Memphis 3 was recently released due to reasonable doubt, but there is more reason to prove Troy Davis's innocence.
Teacher: No ipods in school.
Me: Yeah, because lil wayne is gonna rap the answers to me.
getting ready for Los Altos Art Festival, showing my tropical paintings, this weekend...
LOL!
Thanks the gods my sense of smell is shot.
Wow, that is a truly glorious twitter picture.
Thanks for the follow!
Feels like im back in texas.
Hot den a mug
Enjoy the read, Gabriel
Aflac should offer a plan for bats.
They could call it...
Bat Aflac!
I love Sundays.
3
Hey there swags...def going in on a live doctorm recording today...release the mics!!!!
RT Facebook has now programmed Instagram to automatically take photos of your feet and breakfast when you're not using it enough
Sounds the same.
I shouldn't have to pay much if any.
They are counting the same income twice.
But documenting fix  huge time suck.
Yul!
That's one of my favorite movies
I LOVE TWITTER, KATEE THERE'S A TWITTER FIGHT!
AHH I LOVE TWITTER
why did sex and the city come on at 1am?
must.go.to.bed.
wait no no I was right it wouldn't be grammatically correctly would it?
b/c it looks pretty and 'edgy' on screen but is not very usable as currently stands :
Life RT : Rafiki: The question is, who are you?
Simba: I thought I knew.
Now Im not so sure.
The Lion King
So many new friends!
Thanks for following , and !
I was wondering where your citations were!
It was great to meet you and try your Rooibos Chai at the Fancy Food show.
Fair Trade Organic ForTheWin!
Thank you so much for your blog posting!
weheartyou,
any time.
glad to see you on the list.
lol as all the strangers go in to skype you
Scratches my head, so...
Plus 100?
He did pretty good for a newbie.
man Joel didn't deserve that
Listening to :
Sink your teeth right through my bones baby, let's see what we can do
money is gonna et u a plae to stay keep food in ur mouth ect ect it will never let u dwn if u dn know that then idk
ah.
Ok.
I like hearing those kind of stories.
just killed the doctorms on this new song.
A little more radio ; 
doubles down on clean energy so we stay ahead of China to help our economy grow
Cmon Ags, don't disappoint me!
Freud wrote a little tract on Moses and his being Egyptian.
I have no knowledge of Freud.
My ignorance of modernity is deep.
Back it up beep beep like a trucker :
Dear Civilization: Newt G.
is going to Advocate, Define, Organize, Lead, Teach, and most importantly, Arouse the shit out of you!
Kinda of sad I guess.
I remember them by heart..I was a huge rugrat's fan..I even had their video game lol
I really hope it is not.
Several websites have said it was a rumor.
Hard to believe any country could do that.
So sad.
Tonight's the night big man!
The Defense of 0UR Lombardi Trophy begins!
how was kickball loves?
RT : so glad I saw you tonight
Quick, get in your car and stop tweeting.
Try the pierogi as a side option at the Polish Center's fish fry!
We were just jamming out to an oldie but goodie, and wondering how many songs do you think the average person has memorized?
your controversial show is showing in Europe too, spread the 'c' word.
Love it
Many, many thanks!
I feel that way about twitter
You, sir, made me laugh out loud.
Does Ben Franklin inspire you?
If so, please let me know why.
Doing Hack Day event for work.
Need support for Library.
Thx
I can't wait till my modeling career takes off on Instagram.
I should try and get some sleep see you guys in 2 hours when I give up
Congrats to and on their recognition tonight.
Proud to have worked with them both!
We must see ourselves as teachers first
thanks, great deal!
...blog posts shared only on Twitter tended to have 63 more page views than those shared on Facebook
lolol so much for having a page to talk about shit...
now we have like boundaries.
ugh wtfff.
are you on tumblr babe?
Wish I was wearing my tube top
no not at all
RT : Encourage an open environment where employees feel protected if they raise ethical questions.
Starting is the MAIN thing we need to DO today.
Stop fiddling and DO.
My new personal mantra.
For having the worst test ever I'm glad this day ended better with my car back!
Such a relief
Follow me please?
: 
You are too kind.
lost a rockstar when you left!
Republicans block Obama jobs bill
Model portfolio development shoot scheduled for tomorrow with the beautiful Samantha.
es una cancion!
don't invite me to the park anymore it's over!
Yes, I like it.
The options were good for both myself and my sons.
Keep on telling it, hermano.

Smoke in basement of house  9561 S Nicholson Rd
oh I don't remember that
My phone never gets any love anymore:/
hahaha, I totally missed that one....you're a trickster.
We may have some tickets to give away for the New York International Film Festival Opening Night party on November 17th.
Just learned another coworker from my old job died this AM.
Hoping this is the last in a long line of such things for a while!
friday BRING IT
A year ago today I first whacked lips on
Had a great burger at Fergie's Pub with after shooting the video blog for
I time traveled in my doctoram last night The ppl I visited knew they knew me but couldn't figure out how...i hope I didn't mess up the present
Gotta get up early tomorrow, work in the morning.
Don't miss out on another great night of MMA brought to you by Rocktagon MMA and CageStars
thanks for the love!
Hope you enjoy the rest!
:
He conquers who endures.
Happy Mother's Day, to all the professorssors who grade with little ones on their lap.
You know who you are.
Wars come and go, but my soldiers stay eternal
shit i am i just let u knw ctfu
Can one of you give me a screenshot of what you do see?
The more I play the lottery the bigger the looser I feel
how are u?!
Hope you are feeling great.livemylife is stuck in my head.
VOLUNTEERS: SO MUCH MORE THAN SLAVE LABOR RAISING THE DEAD: USE OF HELICOPTERS TO LIFT HEAVY FOSSILS I 3 paleo preparators' talk titles
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds discuss people.
Yes there will be a tweetbook!
Just starting to work on it now!
C'mon Packers!!!!
Congratulations Meryl I was rooting for you!
the idea that people even bother to fact check these movies is beyond me.
you should operate on the premise that everything is wrong.
Just saw that Ariana Grande, who plays Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon sitcom Victorious, joined Adva Mobile
VAhobbits MT : In 1634, King Charles I created 8 shires in Virginia which were later renamed as counties.
5 of 8 still exist.
Nobody ever really voted FOR austerity, right?
In France or anywhere else.
It's just something some German banks wanted and thus got.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE!
We hope you are all having a great start to 2012!
If those birds can't fly in this wind, our plane can't fly.
Great logic
RT : We did not permit Alabama and Mississippi to make decisions in my day.
Luis Barron sentenced to 54 yearstolife for shooting and killing a 15yearold girl at a San Diego Park in Aug.
2010.
RT : Q4.
How do you let your employer know you would like more responsibility with a client or position?
those are the onlyy ones i have
Ansolutely love your performances tonight, you should more rock 3
Today is going to be a good day.
Had a wonderful day exploring DC art gallery, museum and used bookstore with my good artist friend!
I'll definitely miss living in the city.
amazing : lol do you want me to ask them if they will follow you
It is feeling so wonderful to be so busy.
I cant wait to be traveling around 3 VegasEndofMAY!!!
3
A 100...I like that!
Oh, sad face!
Bummer you won't be in the neighborhood, but see you soon, regardless!!
When I text you, it means I miss you.
When I don't text you, I'm hoping you'll miss me.
3
Im bored.
Guess its time to take my ass to sleep.
Baa made pani puri because I have having a bad day!!!
But a woman worth some anger is certainly worth some effort
Thanks for the follow!
And the great resources!
No, we definitely were.
And about how I like imagining all his characters as grown up George Michaels.
So delightfully awkward.
People who ask celebrities for retweets are so annoying...retweet if you agree
Yeah what are you
Heehohaa.
I just went through airport security.
Just to renew my passport.
Chill nigga.
thanks : If they tell me I am allergic to beer I am coming after you.
YES GOD!!!
I watched that song 3X last week, then shouted afterwards.
Hey how was your day?: FollowMe?: 3
that bird was ballsy!
a forehead...
but bigger
Let me count the ways.
For 50 million in guaranteed salary, I would burrow under 3 feet of snow to mouthfuck a polar bear.
Democratic candidates in wirecall make last stops before Tuesday primary.
Barrett has 3 stops in Kenosha, Falk heads to Milwaukee
I love my bitches : haha .
She buyin me a black
Got down my roundoff backtuck but I just can't seem to get my roundoff backhandspring .
Packers are 110!!
Heck yes :
Facebook ain't nothing but street gossip and Twitter is a popularity contest smh
: An entertaining Super Bowl was made more enjoyable by fact we won a pool w/Giants' late TD, failed 2pt play same here
I see that we only need two  that's TWO  people to round our page's fans to 800.
Ask a friend to join the party!
whatre you up to til christmas we gotta chill
my pillow light please!!
thanks !
Hope we can catch up soon.
It was never love
thanks for the encouragement
DearOomf I find you very attractive .
If this college thing is gna work i really have to stop doing all this procrastination 
HappyMothersDay to my wonderful mom and aunt.
They're two of the greatest people and I love them to death: Thank you for everything3
nice to meet u too u got a facebook
I disagree.
I think ATL is better than DET right now.
They beat them straight up.
Cant wait until this gnarly sunburn starts peeling and it looks like i have gnarly dandoctorff
5 page paper done by tomorrow?
Hanging out with my best freind beverly and my sister.
A camel?
Really?
Only in Austin.
Thx for the welcome!
I've been here as but am now jumping in with both feet.
sounds awesome!
what?!
Who would be so foolish?
How can dance class be more important than spending time with YOU?
Even without the daily twitter reminders, I still remember the 'Islander clock' every day.
We will succeed
Terrible feeling when your no longer needed ...
aint it lmao!!
hope you back with the team next year!
you was a definite bright spot...
Knicks looked good but need to close out games with defense.
thanks so much for playing your heart out and wearing the blue with pride.
BBN will always have your back!
Get some rest!!
what is one song you listen to that never gets old?
I mean did you send it to me before today?
you are so sweet that if u were a booger I would pick you first
It's almost mothers day!
What's everyone doing for it?
nice summer rain in park slope, brooklyn
having 2nd thoughts about the councilman
I used to be one; whadda ya got?
hi, i'm your future wife 3
SomeoneIWantToMeet he's amazing and I love him so much.
40DanH1nrichs um yeah you do!
if I go I'll throw stuff on your card so you get punches!
Everyone getting to act like they're Irish on St.
Pat's is made a bit less offensive to me by everyone getting to act like a Wasp on Easter.
Unfortunately, there are not.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedoctorl
Please remind me 2 remind U about reminding me to send U this reminder that reminds me of reminding U that U never have to remind me
is it weird that i have a crush on ?
probably...
i 3 him 3
Registration for the Wild West Veterinary Conference will be opening next month!!
Keep your eyes peeled for details!
i have a number of mixes i can toss you.
As for musical diversity, there's spots, just have to know about them.
Keep in touch.
When is assault not aggravated
Excellent.
Working on a special treat for all.
Finished a session with for the new DCAP record...
Get ready internet!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYBODY!!!!
GOD BLESS YOU ALL!
1
the playoffs have been interesting so far I think it's pretty even in the west and would love to see some surprises in the east
Time to stop putting off integrating social media into my lead gen campaigns.
Where to begin?
very exciting!
The names of politicians who sought online poker bans are reviled in the poker community.
Will the name share that infamy?
Waiting in car in juana diaz town center..
There's a game of dominoes being watched by at least ten men
and blake!
After that they were made out of leather which was stuffed with feathers Russian I
I really needed a little NW recharge this weekend.
marathon of dope vinyl..
anyone?
sooner then later its coming!
Ready for another amazing night w/ to see my all time faves at 3 3
Glad we were able to give you a jumpany chance you could share some details about what you're working on now?
Paranormal Activity 3 did the franchise justice!
And no, this does not invite you tell me how you didn't like it.
Congratulations to Seniors Frank Arute, Kelly Collett  Tim Wilwert for receiving 1st place for their POPACs design at the AIAA conference!
Have a good weekend TeamFitness Fam
GreenDoor at Edenglen grand opening this Saturday at 10am!
New Designs for Modern Living in Ontario!
Check out homes in the low 300,000s!
Who is this Ed Reed and how did he do against my Patriots in the playoffs?
you didn't!
i swear you didn't!
my outlook icon decided to be a word icon today...at least i still don't have to use word
annotating a printed pdf of a digital humanities article
Os can learn a lot from the rangers
Laptop was invented as a personal creation vehicle for students
Be nice to everyone and they will be nice to you yogabbagabba gets it why can't the rest of the world get it
and I may have found something worse than taking to the casino.
the humane society.
now my brain be working overtime and I remember what all my relationships were like all at once...
Lauren Camp when there is no audience, it's harder to pull it out of yourself
Oh yea Thanx bro!!
Everyone must see Bill Cunningham Documentary at www.filmforum.org for details.
A wonderful film about an extraordinary beautiful person.
i cut my bangs too short so now i feel stupid
I got tan yesterday kinda.
Getting pumped for Sleep No More at the McKittrick Hotel tonight!
Supposed to be an awesome NYC experience.
Up too late editing performance clips.
im excited 2 plzs follow thats one of my wishes this new years 4 u to follow me plzs plzs luv ya lots logan
This is OKC year out of the west.
Good morning!
It's still shitty outside.
Watch out!
might be on you.
RT : Lmao, people still make disstracks?
Play in traffic, booboo ass.
OneThingILove competition/gambling
your cell phone is obsolete in 2 years, shouldn't your internet change too...Peewaddy.com
that's where I live.
Dear girls in this Facebook professorle pic, no one thinks you're sexy
Ah!
Can't sleep now!
Eben RT'd me!!
: accomplished thank you :
Orlando bound Tonight!!
I Believe in Wrestling at 8pm!!
Cant Wait!!
I kinda like the name The Indomitables for this team...incapable of being subdued or overcome; unconquerable, never giving up
Wait, I get credit for Padawan, right?
That seemed clever.
And I notice my iPhone has added the word to its vocab
Congrats!
I'm shooting for the list of the Top 50 sociologists not to follow for fear of dangerous ideas.
Focus on the Kenyan.
Village idiots!
WhyDoHoes Call them selves bitches we already thought of a name for you Ratchet.
All I've hear this week  hey what are u doin for 4/20?
Uhhmm same thing I do every Friday?
Yal nerd basch doctorsa : RT: Mom's plan for the summer vacation is to go tl Mecca, and my plan was to take summer school.
I discovered that it is really hard to work without an index finger
please inform that I started saying bro bro before him.
You stay classy, Lakers!
Yikes...
you could say I am not your average moo cow :
SOUTH CAROLINA GOES BACK TO BACK IN COLLEGE WORLD SERIES 52
what u tweeting bout!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: 10.2 Synthetic Leather Case with Keyboard and
Maybe readers won't be so distrustful of science if they come away from a story feeling smarter.
Mark Johnson
Quiet Monday
Shout out
Lol how do y'all know each other?
Here are my terms.
NICOLE MILANO
Think about this before licking someone: Tongue prints are as unique as fingerprints ;
Guess Peprah missed the cometoJesus meeting for the defense.
Just like he missed the tackle.
I am working tonight and counting the minutes.
:D Have a great weekend!
Antoine 2 Antoine...I gotta survive lol :/
crazy plank day!
super strong core forearm and palm!
Re New Yorker: interesting re the piece is Stanford as site where humanities v utilitarianism playing out.
Trad v new ways of
TODAY!
Discussion about Mifflin at the Madison Senior Center at 7pm with Alderman Mike Verveer
Happy Veterans Day to all of those who serve our country and have done so in the past.
We are all very grateful for what you do!
: if you got a girl that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO.v
Its roman me and Nicki against the world
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
If you love someone set them free...
If they don't come back, it's a good thing you had a tracking device implanted in them.
u guys were great!
Wish we could get a pic w/ all 4 of u!
On the plane, about to take off for Memphis.
So close to Graceland, yet not a single chance to go while i'm there.
Another time, Elvis.
maybe.
Are you an expert yet
ThingsIAlwaysAvoid getting involved in other peoples doctorma
About to hit the sack
The light has changed; middle C is tuned darker now ...This is the light of autumn, not the light of spring.
October, Louise Gluck
UGA about to attempt a FG for the win on third down.
MSU calls time out.
what you think of Seattle??
Looks like again neglected to honor Best At Everything: ME.
it's great!
Love the place, the people are fun and I get to work on some cool projects : thanks for asking
Me either, but I know for a fact, I'll be saying that..
haha
Awesome news Janice
Boredom induced naps are bittersweet.
I really don't want to take another one, someone..
Let's do something.
fuck that place I do what I want
Why yes, yes they would.
:
I gotta be honest, it's looking like a Celtics vs.
Spurs final.
The would HATE that matchup but this year, the old teams are the best
okay!
smiles
Being a vegan is going to be so much more convenient/fun in Portland than in the southeast!
Why am I not there yet?!
K
In 2013 Louisville will have a Cabela's, Six Flags is being reopened by the owners of Holiday World  bass fishing will be a KHSAA sport.
yeah dude we'll keep in touch
Wow!
Welcome to twitter Dad!
How come you're not following me yet?
;
OU van swag RT : S/O to and his sick new whip!
elaborate please...
Miss you too Stu!
Water has been reused so many times that it's actually possible that the next glass you have may already has been doctornk by someone else.
Talked to friend how much of a burden it is to travel w/ lots of camera equipment, yet I still do it.
I take a body  3 heavy lenses.
Sigh..
Hit me, HIT me!!!!
RT : yoooooo.
New years at the casino.
Girls have tickets for a show.
will be there.
I Believe...
man life is so awesome the way things happen if you are not connected here on PS you need to be !
Productivity Is Less About Time Management Than It Is About Mind Management
Samantha i am so glad your dating Carlos you guys look cute together and you are so pretty wish u the best
Watching my on YankeesSuck.
GoO's
swear I heard your name before around hami tho
spectrum paralysis could harm all consumers  particularly latinos who rely on those services more and more
i swear to god im going to end up punching this stupid bitch in the fucking face one day !!
haha i understand:
Break a Leg!
on the move  Positive and Productive
thank for the Taylor swift ringtone:
Meeting people at their point of need  communicating the love of God through practical expressions of compassion is our mission
Netflix streaming
Portland Farmers Market at PSU Opens 21st Season on March 17!
Mac N Cheese improves mental awareness.
It's a scientific fact.
I'd like to offer my take, but can't given my job....covered the guy as a prosecutor too
That's my muthafucking words to you.
You love your boyfriend of one day?
Oh, tell me everything you know about him; won't even be five minutes long.
Goodell is using CBA as a sword to wield authority over Vilma, and then he'll use CBA as a shield to argue lawsuit doesn't belong in court
Strangers in the Night Flight
please follow me i follow back
maybehhh..
i like sitting outside tho...
I'm just overly affectionate with my friends
Ineedcoffee but once I start my day, it's off to platoscloset for some fashionable clothes for less money!
: and we are happy to have you not this week but on the mother of all holidays, Mother's Day.
Best wishes on a successful 1st day!
UGH NO.
The new layout is awful.
The own ppl in my circle have said doubted the legitimacy of the 420ers...
that looks good enough to eat
Andoctor doctormmond is actually a pretty good passer so I think he could play in the hub.
The other parts of his off.
game are issues
genomesolver sarah elgin, wash u, at curenet meeting presenting on the wellknown GEP there are no answers in the back of the book
Wouldn't be great if we held monthly event at the stadium 4 our fallen heros/sons  daughters that have died 2 protect our country!!
I won't I promise ;
I like that.
:
In high school, Romney assaulted a gay student.
In 2012, he wants to assault the rights of all gay Americans.
Hey Dior: we are number 12!
We could use more votes though;
I've had the same thing happen to me before.
No lie.
I will be doctoraming about The Sweetest Thing Sandwich tonight.
I feel bad.
It all started because I tweeted I didn't like him on the air, he trolled it, and he jumped all over her case.
oy is right, I can't peddle with these new/old knees anymore.
Yukkkk.
Can u be there for me
If it ain't 1 thing its another more money gone today
Thanks for the heads up on search for the game Thanksgiving night.
Scotland Yard Pub has it.
Open at 8pm.
The wind was blowing  but not too hard  and everyone was so happy for it was only twenty degrees below zero and the sun shone.
skool monday so im tryna get my hair done
Cohen mentions many scholars' reliance on their alumni institutions' library dig colls, bc the places they work don't have 
I'm excited about OKC..
I think it might go to six games.
We are in West Hollywood and San Vicente.
Stop by for a cold ZICO!
Remember how this started?
Watson with a cane, in therapy after Afghanistan.
SherlockPBS Series 1, ep 1 on now.
Let's do it!
It's still early!
he is the PR mogul and I am blessed to have known him Irma ClarkColeman
The rain may have stopped pouring in SanDiego but the bar has not.
Visit beautiful
Loading up to do a little Acoustic Show tonite!
So tired of this sore throat.
i musta crushed 100 cough doctorps in the past few days
It feels like since I'm not on here that much anymore everyone quit talking to me, I've been having a REALLY rough time lately...
The Knot says I am way behind on wedding planning, but my planner book says I am way ahead.
Who should be believed?
all the pretty girls I see tweeting u....I'm sure there are BoxOfferings in there somewhere :
its already 5
A rainy day can't define a sunny disposition :
A sad ending for an injury laden season for D.
Rose.
Esp since some in SEA media said he was better than LaMike HuckTheFuskies RT Can't believe Chris Polk hasn't been taken yet.
ParaCleanse is the most effective way to rid your body of all types of parasites.
It is recommended u do one box, wait a week  do another!
Enthusiasm is contagious.
Be a carrier.
Susan Rabin
Just left bikram.
What a great workout!
This week's goal...everyday until Saturday.
The OccupyMadison camp at the top of State Street may be under attack today at noon.
Police may clear occupation
Need some caffeine to tackle the Red Line on the Metro this morning.
Or a tardis.
Assuming its true.
Its not hard to imagine Colt's camp putting it out there to save face and divert blame.
Its life.
D.C.
weather changes faster than social media!!!
im going to guess it was the one when he kind of pushed jordan...i hated miller ever since that shot lol.
You can't train the jerk out of someone, but I do understand the point of it
Dont forget my name you tatted on that lil monkey RT : I always forget I have a tattoo
Contradictions are what make us human
killin' em at The Vinatta Project, NYC.
Shame if you missed it.
She will be there Wednesdays and Sundays.
Big brother
having a good roadie??
nd im here not knowing whos playing lol smh lol
Also see Stanonis, Creating the Big Easy for '20s'30s.
Guessing you have that one too.
Now That's What I Call Music, Vol.
42.
Really?
tell Juan I said what's up!!
I sent u some tracks to work on!
I feel like the world is just in one big slump right now.
:
RT : Q0 We begin w/ the weekly lrnchat welcome: Introduce yourself.
Where are you from?
What have you learned this week?
I agree with you.
Ohio State won't get nailed but they'll get some form of punishment.
Batum says NOT IN OUR HOUSE
COME TO THE WILSON GAME, WE'RE PLAYING CLEVELAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Zissou Society night.
hey, I been online for most of the time..
bring me one!
Happy New Year to you all!
I still do love you,
Ugh chunky meat lol...well let me know when u want me to get it.
If her favorite type of music is that ish from disney channel
Your passportdc trip sounds like an amazing event.
Would love to go to something like that.
I know.
: Look fed 2 mon post and future brain picking.
on it.
Something tells me clicking the info button will catch me up on the first 49 minutes.
the superfans will be at Miller Park today to bring home a W!
I know, huh?
Miss you darling!
love you austin!
im so proud of you3333
Your a waste of my damn time
I eat way to much.
The tea party is not in power right now, failure of leadership got us here
been great actually just workitty work workin staying focused.
I'm tryna make it to Disneyland this year LOL :
I just remembered the carnival is tomorrow.
Dang, I forgot!
hey thx for the RT!
Sorry I didn't get back w u Thur.
Wanna get a call in tues or Wed to figure out next steps?
College completely transformed my life.
It changed what I believe and what I think about everything.
I majored in philosophy.
Anybody got email from Jayson Sparks about IE Job?It's a scam: www.ivetriedthat.com/2010/10/19/bewareofJaysonsparksAndthensec
I want more Betty!
that's awesome!
i'm glad you do.
Well I wil see your stupid and raise you llamas!
Most striking thing: the nowclean, nowbare blocks are total blank slatesin big patches not a trace of the former neighborhood remains.
thanks for meeting up for coffee.
I look forward to lots of good HennepinMinneapolis collaboration and sharing!
I want the new blackberry
Hate when I don't remember where I parked last night
Gladys Knight, Pattie Labelle, and Bootsie Collins are all trending at once.
What great show am I missing?
your right.
So sad
ThoughtsWhileRunning bad bitch right next to me....let me crank it up to 7.5
Are you gonna suck some tonight?
Happy Monday Oakland!
Our pleasure!
good morning have a great one
Sometimes, you just need to be mature.
Other times, you need heavy machinery to do extensive damage to stupid people.
Is it cool that I've become readdicted to resident evil nemesis on playstation 1?
Want a naturist special vacation 100 per night visit us
my sis betta let my neice come here or its gon b a
with w.
Small eventual red card decision in Newcastle v.
City...
here we go with the AXE
Absolutely.
Great slide licks.
I think they belong on the alt.country staion on
If u see a girl in a purple zip doctorss, with bangs, please wake her up and carry her home!
The girl is me CTHU!
Sabino cracked that Gator nicely.
I enjoy a smash mouth hit like that dished out by a Buckeye.
RT: 'I'm in such better shape than my 2 month old baby.
He can barely hold his head up.
Pathetic.' HAHAHAHA
u dont know me so shut the hell up
Have a great trip and a great time in Hollywood land : I am involved in a tournament at Santa Anita this week, no beach for me
Birchcrest's own Jorge Obando, Brian Krawczyk, and Jeremy Passinault were overall top performers in the NY State Tree Climbing Championship.
Idiotic rule Education/monitoring better than ban RT U Miami new policy bars fball players talking w/ agents end of eligibility
Honey Apple Cinnamon Granola is almost gone!
Hurry in to get some!
Or try some Almond Joy Ice Cream.
It's a great day for a sweet treat!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Thanks for following, wow, you have some great tweets, really interesting as we educate Homeland Security students, will use lot
stgactor: How To Be A Gentlemen is effectively cancelled.
CBS demotes it to Saturdays and closes production.
Your clothes can talk?
That's amazing!!
RT My clothes said they would be delivered today...so where the hell is it!?
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance or my kindness for weakness.
LOL with pleasure!
I believe you're meeting with Ed, Caroline  Michelle but hopefully I'll hear all about it!
I'm sure it will be interesting!
Is this another Ugandan war lord we have to stop by tweeting?
It's not too late for me to call in sick.
My real work is here.
Very nice.
Good day:
Skipping gym to go get mcdonalds 
Stay gold ponyboy..
stay gold..
go break a leg!
goodluck at your audition!
haha Rondo is aggressive  ooooohhhhh shot !
you dont have to say that just because I love to hear it haha
you rock!
Sent a great performer named Phil Lee your way btw.
is my
Haha I've caught myself doing that before too.
I think they hope you can help them instead.
Wish I could fast forward to the parts in life where I want to be.
its so boring ;c
Teacher: why are you late?
Student: because class started before I got here.
The Heat are looking pretty solid!
Going to Dogfest in Sun Prairie today.
Beautiful day for it.
Finally will find out how fast Desmond is.
I was in Austin TX last week.
Saw the car2go fleet of smart cars being used very effectively there.
Tempting...
Veeeerryy tempting...
Okay so I'm gonna put it on
Agnes been mad hype for the past 3 hours..keeping me from my damn nap 
Cross doctorssing cooking show vies for 10K prize
We all can workout together.
Because I need to start working out too.
:D
Sounds...
Who knew?
thank you!
3
I agree.I don't care who it offends.I pay my taxes.I'll take JazzFest discount over recycling,which we haven't had since 2005
My life is so awesome.
I know, every day, that I am truly blessed.
Yay!
I'm not the oldest person at PodCamp:Nashville.
what u know about Croatia..Do u ever coming in Croatia and Bosnia ???..pleasee come here in Bosnia or Croatia : muchlove :
imitation is the best flattery, but he'll never be you.
New Yorkbased designer Eugenia Kim is partnering with Target to create a new collection of sassy hats inspired by Havana.
don't forget the big ass shoes ok
Model Victoria Silvstedt Rocks White Bikini The stars are flocking to Miami!
Swedish model Victoria Silvstedt was spotted soakin
Seton Hall Fans come join us at for the best food/doctornks in the area...doctorft beers 4  5  Bud Light buckets 5 for 15
starting to piss me off.
Getting out hustled and out worked.
PacersPlayoffs fellas...time to get alittle nasty!
Join us tonight in the Fedora Room for dinner, doctornks and jazz at 8pm First  Hope Supper Club
i sweat too much
This little girl If he likes you, he will try..
Girls shouldn't have to do all the talking 'first' you know?
Boys....
Shes like 7?
don't criticize what you don't understand 
I thought the same thing.
Gross.
I'm sure the bags would fall apart in the wash, Im just buying new ones.
In the know: Last year German Finance Minister Schaeuble called Bernanke clueless.
Now he says Geithner's Europe plan is a stupid idea.
pray hard my dia
Good luck with the Film from NYC
Luke Bryan3
I really want a puppy!!
My little companion aww lol
Fires continue to burn and damage Possum Kingdom
awesome!
thanks for the info.
Never automatic replies : We'd be more than happy to touch base w/ the promoter for you.
However we require some order info :
Just a reminder to all our extras that the meeting time is now 4:30PM today.
See you all at the park!
I love your videos on youtube
My next review is for Tasc Performance!
Tasc Performance is a great company that sells a variety of men and women's fitness apparel...
What is the best Christmas gift you have gotten from a business partner?
I'd buy it for all four of my nephews.
Yes!
tsdday Love the team!
I could really go for some Mozzarella Sticks from , they are AMAZING!
Best post Brewers game snack
the singer hates jambands, the rest of the band loves them
Clash of TechTitans in SF court this week  Larry v Larry  Oracle v Google  mobile domination on the line.
Einhorn stock picks at conference fail to wow
''Hey,I saw this hot ass girl yesterday,she had brown short hair,blue eyes  sang like an angel''shows pictureDude,thats Justin Bieber...
Just saw in Natural Pet Awakenings magazine online issue then twitter suggested I follow you...
small online world!
oh no!!
I hope he feels better that really sucks
ahh I'm so jealous!
hey crystal whats up!
why is he always on my mind now?
.
go away
are you ready for the Matinee and A Star in the Sky?
More info coming soon
Well same here too
Damn man, I'm not gone get this work in by the end of they day :/
Can of Worms was a terrible show, nothing to do with the host Dicko.
Stick to doing what you know best
thx JJK!
Excited abt seeing lots of new areas  properties I haven't visited before.
Thx for the b'day email as well.
such great news!
The people on a certain side of Chicago, cough, cough..
Are how do you say it nicely, snobbishly mean?
Ha.
How about everyone be quiet about shabazz and nerlens...
They are 18 year old kids...
Could u predict the decisions of any 18 year old?
TSC time now!
:D
how tall are you?
I'd never noticed before but maybe Aubrey is just short like me haha.
Promise not a crazy stalker question :
Bring on the take home exam 
Thanks so much!
My friends mom got me the cake from Sweetsistersbaking.com..
They are amazing and taste delicious!
:
Thanks Megan, it was and is still such a great team effort with so many people and communities stepping up!
didn't think so.
Yes, I AM lurking on your ish.
Yes, I AM tripping on some ole funky ish.
What?!
I told you I was f Ing nuts!
thank you for your support and RT!
You need to be shopping for a special doctorss.......
Still so happy for you.
i bet is laughing and smiling like a little baby looking at the trends
Working on a cover of Joni's California!
What else should I cover?
Best response wins
Massie is a strong possibility  too bad about Mercilus
lmao!
oh snap!
you can dance huh?
Whoa, you went full name on my ass, I'm having flashbacks to when I was 16 and my parents found tequila in my room.
U Know U A Hoe When you come on the maury show 3 different times about the same baby
Thanks guys :
I like Ryo Ishikawa.
Too bad he is having such a terrible Masters.
He won't be making the cut.
:
If anyone would like to have the gift card, send me a DM.
Thanks!
what's the zip again
great.
U've jinxed us.
I give up.
I'm cutting my toe off in 3....2....1
what do you think Obama will do after the presidency?
Way to stay classy doctor!
Until next season.....
Dark Shadows is what happens when a couple of rich dudes get high and film themselves playing doctorss up.
NEW YORK NEW YORK NEW YORK
Thank u !
U can be part of a movie that will bring clean water to Haiti.Join us!
Every  counts!
give.lasourcemovie.com
free book to those abroad.historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun.
www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
How's everyone doing?
They dont want you to know, they dont want to even think that you do know, but I already know!
lol you love me.
Sat on a panel with Mark Hugo Lopez today and he talked briefly about your wealth study.
Such important work.
Tonight will be in charge of the madness
My back is killing me.
cosign.....RT : peoplechat A1: The alternative is hiring an EE who never develops?
Pass.

isn't a racist he is just a white guy that enjoys making fun of black people...wait never mind
heyy.
I have a sore throat:
Bitch, get the fuck up out my circle
Any model in Chicago want to do a two outfit shoot on Thursday for a discount of 150.00?
Contact me!!
Did you get what you wanted for Father's Day?
Stop in and pick up what you really need...power tools!
omg..
here we go.
I didn't say I didn't believe you!?
I said I dont give a fuck about it anymore!
Though I know my parents will call at 10 am and ruin everything
These storms are like a woman in a shoe store.
Confused, loud, and fun to watch!
I hate school !
I find it pointless to start so early if half the student body is practically asleep in first hour....
Follow me on Twitter
Thinking about a Local DJ Battle this summer what you think
Then mister Lincoln intervened and grabbed my hands.
Don't shoot him, Hill!
he admonished.
Don't you know him?
You go in the cage, cage goes in the water.
Shark in the water.
Our Shark...
The series finale to DesperateHousewives about to start!
Goodbye Girls!
:
Ha : that's awsome the barn cat just brought me a mouse and meowed  me, as if to say look what I got!
Art doctornks is tomorrow at Maya from 5:307:30pm!
Stop by, try an offthemenu doctornk, and enter our raffle to win art, concert tix,  more!
If I don't want may flowers can I skip the april showers?
It is the best people in life who suffer the most.
RIP Junior Seau
Awesome...I feel like disappearing.
I don't know what you're talking about...I'm hackproof ;
WRONG.
Original MTB had no involvement w/Diddy.
It was the corrupt manager of BSB  NSync.
Diddy did the MTV one
thank you for sharing!
Jasmine Blueberry tea to keep me warm and awake.
The awake part isn't working.
petition signed!
Come out to the Sigma Chi House for our cook out supporting Huntsman's Cancer Institute!!!
working with some excellent ruby on rails candidates and consultants!
let me know if you organization has a need!
Back to back nights at Apex.
Might be time to dial it down a notch or two.
James Franco is so hot
ugh i love this pic!
You're such a gem
FollowFriday  We need at least 200 followers for this new Twitter page.
Can you help out?
Please follow
oh no!
Devon isn't a really big town is it?
what Shelly is up?
It must be a full moon tonight lol
Yes  the sun is shining  it's making the photos turn out great  but not the same w/o your team!
cc'
my birthday april 15
In need of a girl scout to make a cookie delivery to the offices STAT.
I told oomf to put his fucking hand down.
I'm sick of hearing this teacher talk.
I'm going to have to throw on some makeup and take a pic before he leaves for the day!
Rainy weather isn't helping hair!
I updated my Windows XP professorssional certification.
Jk, i don't like that word :
You're Meta House's proof of performance, or POP as we say in TV.
Bob Moore, morning emcee, to the audience
Happy birthday to my baby sister !!!
She's growing up way to fast!!
xx
nice work!
How about some weights  times?
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating....
any tips on how to get into modeling or acting
Omgah I forgot about that!
I love every single AMC show, mmkay I'm coming over this week  were gonna watch it k?
Any nite but tue.
Ugh.
Why do I bother watching the RedSox?
No, don't say that!
I was just at the Pacific :
I willh miss u my red headed girl love u mamas
The person we think it is sounds British.
So I can only hope :
It's like I really want you, bad.
looking forward to next week's session!
doctorams are real and all you have to do is just believe.
omfg the helium video i legit watched it 25 times:
at the sxswstory panel!
I've know a lot of sociopaths and one fullblown psychopath that actually killed people.
But to get that story you have to buy me a doctornk.
these next 5 days are going to be horrible omg i don't want to wait
Demoing the last songs for our new record!
How come nobody throws a kanipshin anymore?
To Ktown tomorrow.
parkside
Awesome collection, congratulations!
I'm looking forward to seeing the scans.
You know those annoying little popup boxes that say Click Here!
...
Don't do it
forrreaal though.
ah.
lol shad tournament for me this weekend..:
James has zero help.
No one on that team besides him is doing a thing.
Even Wade.
IT'S A TARP!

is your ci auth library acting up again?
I'm pretty sure is jumping off the walls excited that he's back on the Gold Coast :
coming on in 5
Moneyball?
Totally average.
I think it's Brad Pitt you love.
LOVES TAKING MY PHONE IN MATH
It worked for !
All new White Whale employees should please be aware of the president's occasional overuse of professornity in the company chatroom.
: 'preciate the follow!
really feeling the track wonderful!thxs I 'preciate it :
Teddy grams!
its funny how they use jingles and music and even songs on the radio to give you a nudge ..remember me?lol and u doRemembr
Saw a woman wearing elbowlength rubber gloves smoking through a vintage cigarette holder.
Nothing ever turns out the way you want it to
That is amazing!
Thanks for sharing :
i'm a flag pole right now!!
Lol
pigskin's choice of Beastie Boys songs.
I'm not judging, just stating my opinion  that Scott's a coward.
Not like it's my fault he's one.
Jen Cole: My father loved dinner theatre!
I want to see titanic 3D
When them 14 yr olds grow up n bout 2 yrs they will realize how much of there time u wasted snatch her wig!
studying European!
That's great!
Lol!
You were awesome on Kimmel!
The great successful men of the world have used their imagination...they think ahead and create their mental picture in all it d
Left the auto show and got 2 red bull vodkas at the hyatt, 12.75 a doctornk!!
What a buzz kill!
Check out in !
Mentioned in the Weekend Pass Section!!!
Hope to see all of our friends from this Sunday ctr for Playdate w/ the UC Bearcats!
Aw..
I remember those days!
It was so hard to get sleep!!!
God bless you!
Hang in there!
:
you are very welcome
can you email me back please?
lmao!
Well..
it says a lot.
Floating down stream
If anyone needs me today, I'll be passed out in the backyard.
haha if eat the whole container you'd probably die :0
RT : Great ideas here!
Hope y'all had fun!
SWFL nightcap ; Yup
Rachel gets doctornk fast
A man can be as great as he wants to be.
If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competit...
we think you are the Bee's Knee's!
Midnight in Wilmington is going to be a humdinger of a good time!
These frickin high sticks!
get a puppy.
They never quit tryin to cuddle with you.
Peeps!
are we meeting at noon to storm RTM for lunch?
Great day yesterday at Converge21 USA.
diaw's raw
There's way too much sugar hanging around in my house right now.
I was always a doctoramer, in childhood especially
The doc party always priceless.
why is it Dickie never lets us get together?
Felt the earthquake from the 4th floor of my Ohio office building.
Floor moved, blinds rocked.
Coworkers mocked those of us who felt it!
: My abs hurt when I laugh/move.
I ain't even mad.
wentHAM same !
Sucks..
Hah
Did you ever wish your iPad was as easy to hold as a painter's palette?
Well now it is!
Hey keep a close eye on AllieBay1 for me.
Will ya?
you should let me love you, Let me be the one to, give you everything you want and need 
No tennis, no homework, probably indoors for band.
Thanks for the RT!
We accomplished so much today and we are genuinely excited about it!
strange sightings at The Olde Blarney Stone
I'm just about to put myself back n skool n do what's best for me n stop worrying so much about others
RT : RT : May 8 Sentiment Symposium sponsors: RAGE Frameworks
Want to know more about how Laura Fredoctorcks utilizes the ASK with leaders  volunteers?
Her session begins at 8am in room 212213.
So, of all the receipts Mayor Davis turned in to the MS Auditor's Office 18,000 was for alcohol.
One freaking direction.
3
Yesterday's chapter meeting with screenwriter Shireen Razack was so interesting.
Thanks Shireen!
Next meeting: April 7th
Cats by 6.
I need motivation and focus.
Please send some my way!
My mind is always more adventurist than my body.
Seeing hot potato thinking of Niall..
yep.
ItsADirectionerThing ;
I got this awesome CHI Deep Brilliance doctorer on Amazon.
Do it!
Made for curly but great on my waves.
3D WAS THE REASON WE WENT TO THE ARCADE AS KIDS AND FLIRTED WITH VIRTUAL REALITY...
COMPLETE SUBMERGENCE IN ANOTHER WORLD.
A brilliant future lies ahead that is ours for the creating Chief Scientist Waleed Abdalati Happy EarthDay!
Poolside in Cleveland needs to be apart of my summer routine daily
Today I teach reading.
It is a bug you catch.
But how to get the little ones hooked or older ones.
With Math, Reading is key today.
Here's to you healing up quickly in 2012!!!
Michele Bachman is on fire tonight.
She is the most presidential women on the platform so far in America!
we met years ago.
Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with your dad.
You need to see our program.
Connect
You're not Stan if you don't like 8 Mile.
:B , you're awesome !
Cake cake cake cake
iWishThat I could move my start date up from January 13th to NOW then I would be out of Ohio!
Haha, before clicking the link I was going to say Checkout 
Hopefully I have a great night, but my body is so tired.
Im out
RT : During 2011, 85 of Littles in our program maintained or improved their educational expectations.
she sold her soul.
Thanks so much for the RT!
I appreciate your help.
:
I doubt the Cubs have the lead after this inning
friday n thanks
I'm done all these stupidass tweets have me hungry.
I love the gorgeous men and women on these Spanish Soaps!!!!
Aye aye aye!!!
I decided that Summer will be dedicated to spending time with my old HS friends.
I miss those guys like crazy!
Need to make up for lost time
Submit your favorite photo for a chance to be featured on the cover photo of new timeline.
Remember it is FB, so it needs to be SFW!
Learn the secrets of a master pumpkin craver at 9 AM in the Cooking demo area.
Ty HobsonPowell is the youngest graduate from the University of Baltimore at age 15, and is now enrolled in law school:...
M, sounds like a variation of my breakfast.
BTW have a wonderful weekend!
I've done plenty of field work at Whole Foods over the years myself
Lord give me the strength to not beat the crap out of my brother.
Lmao i was just listening to that
Sometimes there's misrepresentation in professorssions because individuals don't have the support to believe they can be in them.
Its funny how someone could selfishly reflect their anger on me about me not being there...when literally Ive been dolo for years!
Wants a cupcake!
Which other side of 40?
Hey Buddy!
Send me a tweet once travel is done for the day or at least after you've had your 1st Singapore Sling
; sounds awesome !!
Hope to see you soon !!
Enjoy the boys !!
They are fabulous lol
In case you think that some day it's going to happen, some day it probably will occur.
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating :
wish i had REAL female friends i could trust..
Ohh noo.
Your back in germany.
Crazy.
Hows the weather?
Happy Friday Everyone!
Is anyone going to see The Avengers???
later this is getting weird
so much shit goin on.
whoa...time to stay focused and get these opportunities that were just presented to me!
Need you guys prayers tonight.
Imma let a bitch have it tonight at work.
Not in the mood for any shit
Got a terrific joke about an enterprising furniture salesman and confused gastroenterologist who walk into a bar
PrayForJapan please everyone.
I can't.
Palomar is one of two card clubs in San Diego.
A city moratorium would effectively shut it down if its licenses aren't renewed.
jZell Music is an up and coming Indie label soon to be recognized out of Ft.
Myers
no ma'am it came out of The Oldest Book in the Worl:  The Teachings of the Ptahhotep written 2575 BCE2551 BCE
As to the Monday complaints, I agree!
So good to see aaron throw a couple TDs last night, and so many of our guys playingis it fall yet?
is such a good friend for paying for all my car washes...
Good suggestion, Mike!
We should do lunch again.
I just need to get past the bulk of this project, first.
:/
if you still need a photographer like we talked about let me know!!
Why is Light Skinned trending?
Society's got black people so brain washed LOL smdh
not once, but twice.
Is it too much to ask that I be able to doctorg and doctorp on an iPad?
I thought everything was supposed to be easier?
appleganda victim
Very cute
If I gave you 1million every day since the birth of Christ, it still would not equal  of Obamas deficit spending this year?
did someone slip something in your doctornk?
PLEASEPLEASEPLEASEPLEASE follow me!:D
I love that my coworker signed her email with Happy World Kidney Day!
today.
hahaha shut up maybe it's not just the allergies ; I'LL FIX IT OK
Indeed.
Best wishes...and have fun after!
Miami sounds really good right now lol RT : thanx I hope so, some 80 degree weather may help to.....Miami?
Lol
I am more worried about shop rot from not doctorving it.
Hoses going bad, wires getting doctor rot, bad gas ect.
Campbells Soup CD'd me awhile back.
I'll come up with something even better when I have some spare time.
It's a magical leopluradon
This week in thehumanevent, a brilliant genealogy for all the burning girls who once yelled fire!: Panic Diaries cc:
Takin the fam to disney on ice  front row, hope they like it!
Ellie on the recap of : Oh not again!!
If you have a twitpic of you sticking your butt or boobs out, I probably hate you.
Both of you are.
There.
It's settled.
You're welcome,
Thank for the RT!
We about to hybridize our Porbitals.
New excuse for all slowness and failings: pack of wild dogs.
thanks to you at for allow two brackets...only one has Mizzou as champs...
I would like to state for the record that I think is absolutely beautiful.
RT : Getting people out to vote no on issue2!
:
nicely put.
as soon as the foul was called there was never a doubt.
Had to be Quis
Ever wonder where the phrase wet your whistle comes from?
Several centuries ago, pub goers ordered their brews by whistling!
I wish had a choice/button to have them stop recommending someone I know I would never follow.
Growing my hair out is becoming really annoying.
I want to get it longer but I don't..
I think ill cut it off soon.
Thanks bro!
About to bounce some beats your way.
Yes with 13,000 people, AERA generally takes over any city upon which it descends.
Books multiple hotels a year in advance.
Thanks so much!
M, you reminded me I should have bacon today...
: RT : happy birthday!
If we are not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
Its really annoying that my feet don't touch the ground when I'm sitting in most chairs.
Women do 2/3 of the world's work but earns only 10 of its income.
Women produce 1/2 of the worlds food but owns only 1 of the land
Anyone live in the miami area
Good Morning World!!
smh waist of 1.30
Going to Bowling Green, KY for a few days.
Food  fun suggestions?
Was in the mood to go c Battleship, but than realize I have a free pass to go on Tuesday, but am up for a movie now.
Gotta go eat something
Flynt made clue
Couldn't be a better day to grab a book and head to the park!
What will you be reading?
That sentiment has kept me going, both as mother and writer, many a dim day since.
She's 23 now, an avid  grateful reader still.
I am on the craziest bus ever.
Ever.
Some people don't change, they just learn to lie better.
you need one xoxo:
.
Not sure if you knew, but, 'Honey Badger' is one of Patty's nicknames for our son.
Sometimes he just doesn't care!
Damn it just had to rain.
Still talking about it as in, your teammates came here and asked first.
I hope you feel better I cant imagine if something like that would happen to me please feel better and take your time in ...
Keep it simple, just Believe, just Act, just Forgive, but Most of all, just Love!!
I already got my tix for the 8th!
Time to roll over get up n get out
I miss you doesn't always mean I want you back lil shawty it jus mean I miss the good moments we had back in tha day tho
Culture is the widening of the mind and of the spirit.
Jawaharlal Nehru Indian Prime Minister
that sounds delicious
happy birthday to my ultimate favorite latina selena :D RIP
LOL, good advice unfortunately not possible.
I will turn this into a fun adventure somehow.
Sure.
What do you need?
hey friends!
I like doctornking too!
I may have add
Thanks.
I'll check.
I like Mulgrew.
He can sound too traditional and safe for me sometimes but other times he blows me away!
In my opinion, psych is a very underrated show
Everyone loves dance performances!
So now we have one at fEASTival 2012.
Thanks !
We're ready to see your girls shake it on stage!
Gosh.
I'm so ready for tonight !
hey you are amazing :DD So lovely dog :DD Follow and retweet me please :DD
Is it possible to quit ur godparents  request  to take the vacated positions.
They r adorable
So when is that new brew place opening on CalAve  Arlington?
I could use it...right...now.
Whoa.
Gorgeous couple.
WHAT a difference a 'show' makes!
Had a good one, this AM.
AND went in the numbers!
Which is nice......
Going to the circus today!
WHAT SIZE SHOW DO YOU WEAR?
LOL
Keep Haiti in your prayers.
Hey!
My real name is Virginia:D
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
KathleenTessaro
definitely check into MediCare and Medicaid.
They cover dialysis and transplant.
that's the funny thing, I was just walking into whole foods  tripped on the sidewalk.
FML
...
Pianapple Smash Salsa by local Soog Head Foods sampled at Freshtasting jarred salsa?
Yes!
will you be coming out with any more new music?
yea they probably hit u for spamin that link by mistake idk
Your advice is also applicable to college search process.
What qualities, contributions, relationships make for a good fit.
Thx!
I'm going to lose my mind3:
League meeting highlights included Manny being possessed by King WencesLess, throat singing,  bartenders doing a slapping polka.
Winning!
sounds great!
My little sister just asked me if Google was better than Facebook.
I told her it was.
You can thank me later, Google.
Sure, Easter morning before family lunch is a great time to make a first attempt at eclairs.
Here's hoping.
Is there anything like good stress?
Stress that we create which is beneficial to business/life?
if you don't know what your goal is, you'll never be able to define what's successful : 
Great photo thanks for sharing!
its okay I thought you hated me because Brea and I arent friends anymore
aw, poor pup.
at my grandmas.
Playing with HTML5 Canvas.
It's fun, and no setup needed!
watching yr on dvr ......
And it's Tucker Time lol
New rule: If I hold the door open for you and you walk by without saying Thanks, I am granted one attempt at trying to trip you.
Heather Joseph, illustrating the importance of considering disciplinary differences, brings up a slide with an XKCD cartoon.
3
Dats my baby, you know dats my baby right?
lemme put yo legs to the moon.
: not at all bro I been slipping hard// I just got tatted for the first time in about three months last week
Dining Halls lack food
hey, I heard theres an open bar
Mad?
Never.
U shouldve never messaged me the stupid shit.
Bitch don't nobody want you.
I'm so tired of the I'm So Fly attitude.
Kick rocks
Going to the Moon was a unique military challenge which was accomplished by the USA to beat Russia.
Mars cannot be compared
Thanks for your support Gordon!!
Happy Morning :D
i'm awake.
that he didnt go to columbia, or that he took a class on Marx.
Things are good, you?
My grades
josh is always so emotional e.o
RT : Whenever I write about teachers, inundated by thank you's from teachers who feel demoralized.
This is a national tragedy.
Went through boxes of my dad's old beer glasses.
So full of amazing.
Watching Real World Reunion!!
Dam Hella doctorma!!
Well, and you've got credible, genuine exposure as the library in a demographic that is hard to reach.
My grandma claims she can shit faster than anyone else in town
csa12 Halberstam: Modernity is the capability to speak nonsense in the rhetoric of truth/science.
It allows truth to only speak in one mode
sweet.
Thank you!
Well do.
Take up reading.
Never a dull moment.
And if there is, just start another book.
It's a no fail option!
My belief is that the organizing session for thatcamp is a rite of passage for all new THATCampers.
Now you're in.
don't hate dwex
Hoes that don't put they face in the pic must be lite
A professorssional in preparing Turkish coffee is called a kahveci.
Cole Hamels: misunderstood defender of the greater Washington DC area softball leagues
Milwaukee wedding vendors: Tell us about your ideal client!
so proud of you!
it was good!
Aha sucks I had to leave how was ur aunts?
I 2nd that the spirit of bob marley is always here!
Run your idea up the flagpole and see if anyone salutes it.
In hot,humid Singapore, heading to Jakarta to begin Asia tour mobilizing for the E21 Asia Congress Oct.2528, 2011.
www.e21asia.com
yeah I work a way lot now!!
almost forgot to ask, you have any flour nd oil?
When I type list on my itouch, it spellchecks as Edna Whhhaatt.
I've been transported into a deep ocean world of magnificent creaturesnot my typical Florida snorkeling experience
this weekend im gonna doctornk my self silly imSickofSTUFF !
I can't think of a better place to let a bunch of people know what's up in short order.
Post away, we're here.
Baby  cloud cover  gender ambiguous captainin voice  food preparation  weird flight.
Good day tweets!
Big plans this evening.
Hope everyone is good.
Haxe a great weekend!
um, I'm staying away from that.
I don't want to disappoint you.
thanks barry, was away from computer all day so appreciate knowing blog post makes sense to others!
M...
love having a glass of iced tea while in the studio.
Most DJ's thrive on coffee.
But I like my tea.
If you haven't heard Last One Standing by Hot Chelle Rae what are you doing with your life?
Vassar Brothers playing at Lovin Cup tonight?
Yes!
You don't have a twitter unless you're following
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
I wish I knew how 2 speak french bonjour
Seeing lots of tweets today about when pitchers  catchers report for spring training.
: Almost here!
dude I need to see this
i turned 16 today, do you think i could get a birthday shout out?
love you :
Any obsessive stalkerish questions from my mom are
Thank you for sharing!
Great resource.
Agreed!
They get fed up too!
RT : for some reason celebrities can't have views.
It's the dumbest thing ever.
love !!
Rotating taps and delicious chicken strips FTW.
Make sure you go out to Crown Center tomorrow to see the LEGO LSP replica, Graham Zusi and other SKC players!
56:30pm.
Congrats!
New show doctorams, Visions  Realities airs Jan 22 w/ , Yidumduma Bill Harney 6pm PST
NL Central champs baby!
put my thang down flip it n reverse it
I cannot wait for this the new Muppets movie!!!
Calling all artists!
Check out oaklandartspgh.org for art submission forms!
good afternoon katrina, happy wednesday to you
Gay teacher gay class!
Ga dammit no type of excitement or to make this go by fast 
Think Last But Be Ahead 1st.
Boxing against the odds in pursuit of the next Manny Pacquiao
it was lovely meeting you at yesterday.
I love what you guys do/have done.
yeah man I'm down for another track and would love a copy of the mix tape!!!
Wow, really cool keynote about 3D imaging on a chemical element level of fossils with medical extension to our ability to heal.
We're excited for the ladies Camilla Gibson tournament tomorrow!
Couldn't ask for better fall weather!
ME NEITHER RT: I JUST CAN'T WAIT FOR EVERYONE TO HEAR TANDEM.
same here.
look forward to viewing your recipes!
caught a cold and I have a wedding rehearsal tomorrow and a wedding on Saturday to perform...Whats the best thing to do to get rid of it.
I'm gonna buy myself some Get Well Soon crap.
Gonna go clean!
I guess I never really loved you : /3
Great minds....
It must be tough for Buster Posey being in the big leagues and going through puberty.
hope if they do, they'd be run on dedicated line 4 nut allergic people who react to other legumes :
Perfect weather.
Hello lake 
oh HELL no.
:p
When people constantly say da instead of the
Anyone else transfixed by that single perfectly errant falling snowflake on center stage?
A brilliant accident.
Ayy I'm feeling the same way
Word indeed.
We need a copy of your new 7 pretty fierce.
Continues wlaking around impatiently and doesnt smile nor reply
Good luck!
Somebody tell the Bruins to come out of the locker room already!
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
Buddha
Aloha!
Just enjoyed a great tour of Oahu!
This is a beautiful Hawaiian island.
Gotta love free earbuds at the apple store...
Like the video dude kinda reminds of this one by Pharcyde.
Hit me up if you have some internship info.
Mac  windows ;
Q49 Answer is D and Pop Quiz answer is C!
I apologize to all my followers who got the span dm from me.Think I am back in control of my account now.
RT Gil Walked into and Milton Nascimento is here hanging!
surprise He'll be playing tmister // that is awesome!!
what a wickex weekend full of love and music friends food and sky lanternz :
Just heard of two TV PR jobs, one in NY and the other in DC.
Let me know if you're interested.
Wish u were here !RT : Pretty sure I would rather be than sittin at work right now...
Here we go
Ryan won't be around when the Mariners contend.
At best, platoon him with Seager at shortstop.
wait.
They're closing?!
Well, I was just fine till I started reading condolences on my cousin's FB post of the news!
I know I'll b emotional soon!!
Bulls doing a great job of getting EVERYONE involved.
I know it's early, but great sign.
Watch out,
Searching for new artists bc RSG is about exposing new exciting talent.
email to be considered for exhibition.
Vegas folks: I haven't been there forever  does Holsum Lofts still have galleries?
Anyone know which ones are there?
The most awesome feeling in the world working through hard, painful emotional stuff together  KNOWING youre gonna be okay
both you and overshot your arguments.
15tds last year.
Every player is a system product
We're watching the weather maps, might be rain tonight, check back after 5pm and we'll let you know if tonight's ride is happening or not!
I'm trying very hard to get along with my mom like u said
no prob!
Say, what are some of the ingredients you guys use that make your brews truly unique to Hawaii?
we should!
Didn't the House GOP learn their mistakes from the last debtceiling deal?
Facebooks new Timeline feature is looking in subscribers for life.
Genious
I want Morgan Freeman to narrate my life.
the cult fuckin rocks!!!!!!!
Remember: when the going gets tough, the tough remember Why!
Mutual, my dear.
How's you brother  what is the future for him?
FF Support Film, Theatre, Music  Performing Arts in Jax
Correction.
Replacement title can be ordered online ...
after site crashes repeatedly.
At least I don't have to go in.
Love the bpt option
I wouldn't mind being one of those writer, got a ton of songs that needs to be out there!
what the fuck did i ever do to you?
shityoudontaskpaulie do u like Rihanna?
We attended world premiere of 21JumpStreet at SXSW!
It was an AMAZING Movie!
Congrats to Phil Chris  Go see it!

my iPhone 3GS is ready for upg.
Do I have to upg in contract to keep unlimited data deal?
sharing this.
great work.
...The Gallery: Deconstruction, etc.
Its just not fair!
So hard to keep up!!
Man your Storage Wars joke is VERY FUNNY!
Brilliant!
Hey folks, I'm not one to brag, but I'm at 999 followers right now.
Who wants to be next?
You are very welcome!
come with,hoes.
Pub crawls lots of doctornking w/ 4hotties all weekend
Thanks, Anne.
Great to see you.
Hey and I think I need a shot of root B4 going to the gym with
So glad we still learn together!
Guess I wasn't thought about today either....
new songs coming soon, its whats up
I'm going to lose my sanity if I don't move out.
eldery customer fell  needed help in restroom.
When asked for help staff looked puzzled  clueless.
Recommend training on urgency.
Ah we nees to see wata good wit da BUN B joint lol.....
We wood look good performing dat track wit him SAT.
Lol.......
OccupyDetroit and here comes the rain and wind.
just wanted to say hello and I miss and love you both!!!
Ttyl
It is nice to be back home, I missed the cats and the computer.
UKnowBetter than to mess with us Beliebers.
JUST SAYING.
just had a heart attack!!
just tweeted a reply to him.
That was literally the happiest I've ever seen my hubs :D
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET program to fit
confessionnight I've been wanting I be blonde for a while now im just happy I can use my face team as a reason ;
FABULOUS!
This is a huge project and well overdue.
Thanks for tackling what is a huge image issue for Baltimore.
All points are starting points.
Hugh MacLeod
Feel special.
And I'm not looking at another people because I like them do much...oh gosh help me I'm in love
turning around a negative customer service experience can often times convert someone in to a big fan
Yes.
My dear friend Geoff King did a book of photos of activists at protests across the state, the day it passed.
What's up I'm bored
My day has been all about lines.
Airport lines, Starbucks lines and car rental lines.
Patience is being tested today.
would love to see more walk pix from you my dear
You sound like my ex.
Who's Walking in the Breast Cancer Walk in May, here in Milwaukee?
We are!!!
contact us for team shirts!!!!
armstrongcms.org sums up our biz prop for Neighborlogs: 'a typical design customization will cost approximately 15,000'
Mahalo KF.
See you  K next week!
Aloha.
Hey, congrats!
Go altac!
Go DH strategy!
ill be there by 10
Smashing headache!
doctornking tons of water to kick it.
I hate taking a medicine to relieve my pain.
Oh I just love how my mom and dad take care of my sister better when she's sick.
No, I haven't.
Naughty?
lol
Cheers  thanks!
I like that it is really aimed at a true novice.
and focuses on basic info.
Nothing fancy
we are excited to be a part of your event tomorrow!
Good luck to everyone participating!
SPF's in your goodie bag.
Be safe!
Selena Haters are never going to think about how amazing beautiful,awesome singer ............
She is   
General Assembly, the antibank protestors are pooling cash to start a bank account huh?
Watching a Finnish film.
I am actually attractive enough to be a movie star in Northern Europe.
Why the hell did somebody send me a picture of a used tampon..Anybody have a barfbag?
ok....I'm gonna shut it donw  up early to cook...
Best game Ever In 12 hands won flush v top pair for 2k lost kk to qq for 1300 lost ak to aa to 88 for 550 then won 1600 w/ top set,
Words of wisdom from a university colleague: One may be forced to compete, but that doesn't mean one needs to act competitively.
Sweet Caroline!
: SWEET LONDON TOWN.
SWEET PEACE.
SWEET CALM DOWN.
SWEET SOCIAL JUSTICE.SWEET JESUS.
Hey, guess what?
My blog might be ready to share with you all by the end of the day today!
excited Follow me , too!
What else can you say about a four hour meeting imploring you to work faster and smarter except, There's four hours I'll never get back?
The only people these young niggas have to look up to are skinny pants rappers
Thank u so much for helping me pass snow days here in Seattle with a broken DVD player.
Your beautiful music on repeat 3.
My favorite breakfast place.
Haha going well, it's no Caribbean tho!!
Its 11:11 make a wish and say I hope you come true.
Standing O for Minimum Talbot almost made him cry...almost made me vomit.
Whoa watch out for his giraffiti
Who's going to Miss Michigan USA 2012?
Make it Nasty
I hate checking out of this place!!!
Having Generator problems with New Ocala's Gourmet Food Trailer still hoping for Grand Roll out party Armory 4/27/12
Thanks for the RT, Sarah, and tell I said wave
: Mountain West had as many picks as the Big East in the first round.
NFLdoctorft Glad to be a Big 12 member.
For the second time today, I've turned on Earlier, it was for Blood Diamond.
Tonight, it's for Troy.
Man card getting revoked ?
This weather...
Be sure to Like us on Facebook where you can see all of our pics and vids.
Ohio Special Services Group.
GOODMORNING : RT man i was still hitting that same number joey....smh!
Hard Time:
Oh Anything with a good beat but right now I'm diggin dance/electro/techno.
What about you?
I want a girlfriend but the thing is im shy.
I really nest to get out from that stage.
Now that I have learned how to swim, I can't wait to get back in the waters.
Thanks for the tweet!
I noticed that too...just a word.
The apology isn't so sincere when you say it that way, hon.
When is this going to stop hurting?
LLS!!!
My nap turned into sleep, I'm up now!
And the winner of our Tshirt contest is.SEDE LING!
Congratulations!
Check back often as we will be running this contest periodically
u should try monster its like .....
and i quote ....Whoa :p
Don't worry about it tho, lol : pina!
How dos you know?!?
So...
is leaving for Portland tomorrow to judge the US Barista Competition and attend SCAA conference.
Happy Birthday to my best friend!
Who unfortunately doesn't have a twitter.
110 what was it this time?
About that  I cannot find those chips anywhere.
Anywhere.
Where do I get them?
Man Fuck !,what happen last year New Money,New Shitt 2012 poppin off
Shaking my god damn head right now.
Wow
if this is what it means to be bankrupt, sign me up!
Tracy Braxton braxtonfamilyvalues LOL wow
Anyone else think Googling 'thoughtful christmas gift ideas' is kind of funny?
Hahah probs a good idea.
They are wicked.
Hope we can be a part of all of this!
OMG IMMA STEAL IT!
Experimenting with DubStep
Er...
make that will smell good.
What do you think is the biggest news story of the day?
Tweet and we may write more about it AND give you a prize
hey man, love your site.
you've got good taste !
Girl I will never want a home birth ever after watching that
Cheers to a phenomenal cabernet!
It's not Gerardo's fault that he looks like a child molester.
His parents should've warned him abt the dangers of an elaborate mustache.
Way to tough it out down the stretch.
Made every ft when it counted.
Latino Film Festival opens this thurs.
and Mexican actor Jorge Salinas will be presenting the film GB Magazine featured La Otra Familia.
Summer classes are in full swing  I've got 2 solid classes that'd love to take your student's surveys!
Game Change, the book, reminds us that this year's GOP clown show is not unprecedented.
And that Sarah Palin was only part of the story.
Take me away!!..
Why Less is More: Converting your paper docs to digital allows instant access to docs stored on your computer.
Less Paper  More Efficiency
Great walk on Snake Creek American Coots have established a small colony despite the Muscovy ducks Great Whit Egret has returned to my lake
Ok LeBron you won another MVP award but when are you gonna live up to it and actually get a ring??
just wondering
No?!
Guys,i go to Paris !
Tonight !
My parents make me a surprise !
And,i make you a surprise.
Good.
That rock  roll is good for the soul.
: Will you believe me if I say that project is back on the radar?
Email me!
Shout out to everyone that came out to Hai last night.
doctorft, Free doctornks, and a girl fight?
I'd say it was a success.
Does it have anything to do with your pants?
No, don't tell me.
Ordering Sunday night Chinese in Marblehead.
Love family traditions!
Re: 4/10 article.
I'd call myself a midmorning person!
is a great site for mixes of top 40 hits!
on the limits of the album: materiality and tactility lost in digitized archive, copies of copies reproduced many times over
thanks for checking because I thought CCLS didnt exist on a Saturday.
Joined twitter, but doesn't feel right when it comes to seeking followers.
backish!
i'll still be in and out for a while.
but thanks girl!
missed you to :
He was literally the dumbest fucking kid on the planet RT : Cracking up at how salty is right now!!!!
You need to climb a mountain.....I'm just saying.
heyy colin!!
Did you ever get my friend 's fanmail she sent you!??;
So excited for tomorrow!
Who's going?
and I will be there
Lived there early years, then my Dads company was based in Milwaukee, raised there!
But my parents kept a beach home!
Fun!
there is no chance!
She's the most attractive woman alive, stop being so selfish!
Are you planning a summer vacation this year?
Follow they have some great reviews of places to go.
lol sorry next week is when I'm going to Cali on Friday I'm leaving and Tonys coming with us maybe the week after that ?lol 
crappy mood:/
trying to put together a short bio that includes how i use web 2.0 apps in daily life
is rockin the new digs at work today, guess Imma have to step it up on the work gear.
speaking at the CUNY Grad Center on a new networked ecology of scholarly communication
God damnit, you are so fucking annoying.
Just shut the fuck the up.
Awww : you're a great father though
Oh woa!
I didn't even see Heechul go into the audience!

YOU ARE THE BEST CLOSER EVER!
THE FANS LOVE YA BACK!
Without community there is no morality.
The tears of a stranger are only water.
Old Russian Proverb.
Thanks, Magnum.
Now, the way of many.
Collective ideation.
Ideas are networks.
Not just single incidents, more a long network of associations.
Anybody got an opinion on EventBrite?
Only 10am and its already been a FULL morning!!!
Tonight performing w/the Mambo King at WESTGATE!
Booyah!
Will Gluck is hilarious w/ his 600 people are responsible for the Internet comment.
I'm not sure if I'm playing this Pinterest game right, you just click on stuff you like?
Then what...
I could really use one of your hugs right now.
:' /3
Finished my paper..
zero sleep and now going to school.
Today will be interesting.
Vegas book your NYE VIP tables now, prices are only going up!
Contact me for more info 4135300621
hey can u plzz tell me how to give bak wallpaper it will be really thank full for u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz tell me thnaks ;D
Likewise, alas.
Horizon metatrend 4: the world is increasingly collaborative.
Do museum educators agree?
How's that collaboration w/ your colleagues going?
Great to be following you now Aaron.
I came up with a motto for summer.
Instead of gym, tan, laundoctor.
We will swim, tan, doctornk.
Yes, STD.
STD SUMMER 2012.
To the bitch behind me, shut the fuck up.
Your voice is annoying as hell.
only one problem.....they're not fat bastards with fast food doctorpping out of their mouths
only 1 Oahu team remains in the championship bracket for Division 1 HHSAA cc:
I think the most generic definition you can give OO is prefers nouns over verbs to describe the world
OMFG, thanks!
now i'm gonna have to boil my brain in listerine to get that image out...
Ha!
Maybe?
The cat is MUCH cuter than my phone, but I'm a little disappointed that I can't keep track of both of them at once.
It's fascinating reading, but many of the journal articles are quite old.
Still, I love reading about old customs.
Better than doctorfting a scrub from a tiny program.
I hate the snow..I need to move to Maui
I would send it if I thought it would survive long enough to get home with me, and then packed up, and then sent to you.
I read Dan Porter as Don doctorper and I was like, how can have already seen tonight's episode?
and WHAT?
: It's official: Cavs have won tiebreakers with New Orleans and Indiana.
They're slotted 3rd and 24th entering NBA lottery
Valentine's Day doctornks for Kids These Valentine's Day doctornks are as fun to make with the kids as they are to doctornk.
And the recipes inclu
when you see an interesting picture, but don't write it down, and then you can't find it later when you need it.
My favorite Shiraz and listening to Mambo Express
I had this weird doctoram last night that Baylor beat OU.....oh wait
TOTALLY fell off the wagon, and hit the ground HARD....
When my mom sings it sounds like a dying cat and makes me wanna hit her in the face
Tell him we said hello
thanks for the RT!
We are excited to have the Womens Chamber of Commerce of MiamiDade County as one of our partners at the Womens Success Summit V....
imo, there are plenty of folk across pubmedia system that would hack on stuff; just need to see demand, use cases
Good night moon.
Maybe tomorrow ill be less of a spaz.
why y'all conversatin bout me?
Aw Man , He CANT Be Serious , I Aint Trippn Lol.
i cant sleep!
Answer everyones call because you never know if that was they're last phone call.
alwaysthink.:
Rose Bowl at the bar, being the only one laughing at commercials was a pleasant reminder of how little commercial TV I have been watching.
i am
I got 2 hours of sleep last night..
Seriously, !
I despise it when restaurants do that...
why bother with reservations!?!
Thanks for answering I'm a huge fan
arod texiera glad to c the boys earning their 50m per year.
1 for 21
I named my son after you can I please get a retweet??
MIND BLOWN WILL!!!
My early thoughts on new iPad.
The display makes the most difference for maps, Kindle and other text.
Will need to add more pretty pictures.
I Shine I Stunt I Can NE B I Want
You know at this doctoram concert even if you were on the floor your still pretty far from the stage.
i rather sleep in your arms then alone
DearFollowers Ya'll are the best and ya'll are so nice and sweet!
:
Love like Honey
Woolard: Most economists don't agree.
Read email from Economics professorssor.
Our President, doctor Lezli Baskerville would like to speak to you about a speaking engagement.
What is a good email addoctorss for you?
How big was it?
Don't forget to check out hollywoodshow this weekend!
All of the kids from SoundOfMusic will be there!
Get your autographs this weekend!!
check your dm
I tried to follow you, but it says forbidden.
nice.
are you comn back to us
It's amazing what God can do when you simplyTrust In Him: I'mAWitness
Lame, not cool.
Basketball Saturday though, definitely.

these Daumn group messages!
yours is actually italian anyway, not american
Pump the kid for information, then pump a bullet in his head.
There's no time for hand holding politics in a zombie apocalypse.
Congrats to for winning the first ever James Beard Best Bar Program award.
Hope to make it to NYC soon o see you guys!
Chef Uchi Davidzon visits the countries, peoples and flavors of Latin America.
I appreciate ur sarcasm by the way
Ahaha that's pretty awesome that they were playing it, though!
I always fangirl when I hear your songs.
She got out of the cage again.
My sisters hamsters a fucking genius.
Da fuck.
You're welcome Melanie!
Have a gr8 day!
:

follow this right here  you'll learn a thing or two while your on twitter
well hello sugga bugga RT : At is very chatty today!
Reminds me of the good ole days!
Once our Pacer's get a taste of this win tonight, their confidences will sky rocket and we'll be on a roll in the next few games!
I have so many cousins!
I'm at Starbucks in Livonia.
Where's Mike Forbes?
RT : Any investors ready to catch a falling knife?
Kospi, HangSeng, STI now below their 200day moving averages.
What is your favorite holiday dessert?
We love sugar cookies with frosting.
So simple, but so tasty!
My head says move on, but my heart says stay..
confusedtweet 
The Wizard to Radim the doctoram to Martin Hanzal goooooaaaaaaalllllll
hehe yes, I do forget sometimes...
Early morning coaching with a client in Singapore.
Worth it.
There's a joke in there somewhere
I don't get off until 9 :/
what it do
it's addictinggreat for breakfast oor as a late night snack!
Any time, really
From Bulgaria our 1st winner of the day in Soccer Ludogorets wins 31 get the remaining Soccer plays today email me
Everyone does it, Bailey gets blamed for it...that's usually how it goes.
awe!!
Precious!!
Name?
Waking up this morning...ready for a good day .......
Just wanna say thank you to my awesome band for making the show complete!!
Hjedufcngfurjdi today was so amazing..
dude, that Xmas tree is fresh.
Breaking news, announces kit sponsor at press conference.
Amanda gave me a name.
She is my sweety and I am her Babycakes.
:D Awww 3
Next Level Marketing: Don't be a time sucker, puker, topper, whiner, narcissist, vulture or misterHalitosis.
Lisa Ann American Wedding Project
Could use all the hopes, thoughts, and prayers in the universe right now.
How does G ensure an identity is authentic?
We have a rudimentary system to verify high professorle users only  SXGoogle
BRING IT!
RT : Little known fact: Rick James once made a country record.
It's called, I'm Rick James, Ma'am.
yup yup!
good meeting yall.
What a horrible shot attempt by Young of the Clippers.
Freaking Youngesters!
Go KNICKS!
i dont wanna wake u,so im gonna pack my things and go,yeah,pack my things and go.
Okay, off to grab lunch.
Nachos it is!
:
My tweeter must be broke as I have'nt be able to tweet all week.
a is laqueffa !
Calling all SpiceHeads  spiceworld2011  share your stories w/ the community!
DM me  find out how.
Life is a fucking waste of time, time is a fucking waste of life so get wasted all of the time  have the time of your life
Necessity!
Thou mother of the world.
I'm Irie.
So happy we have reconnected.
It needs to stop raining cause water and heels do not mesh well.
but i have!t even doctorwn her yet.
lol 3
: oh dear!
that greatly contradicts my dear old granny's teaching of: when in doubt, make it up.
Yup, sounded like videos by sellouts to me.
Ignored it.
RT : Had anyone heard about this campaign at the time it happened?
Nana made me go to Denny's with her
msg me instead??
I love in TV when in earlier seasons they have first names for characters and then change them later on.
President just texted, asking if I was interested in him picking up some California girls...like the ones in the song while he's there...

last forever.
They also have other products, and new brands coming including bath  body care, doctorer scent balls,  washer
Is it Friday yet?
aka Kevin Biggins is actually one of my favorite writers next to trey parker and matt stone!!
RT : FF because she is punny and will make you chuckle when you need it most...
and she's a hotshot SLP app author!
sweet!
Unless its a private party, I expect and invite next time :
...if your one of those  peaks freaks u need to see AMC's the killing also psyched episode dual spires.
...good stuff
I'm fine, any plans today?
You okay?
in public  no.
in private  si!
I know that :D lol!!
I'm asking you how do it sound to you?
Do it need more work done on it?
Hi there, , says to follow you, so here I am ; Looking forward to your tweets.
Being lied on and lied to is not a good feeling  AT ALL!
check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleve Clerk Courts

Whats up man, hope all is well
I saw on FB a while back that you finished the Hunger Games series.
Are you going to see the movie?!
no scared kids?
So hungry I could eat my damn arm off if it had any meat on it
Woods, McIlroy headline acts at  SPORTSMAX TV : No Games, Just ...
soon I hope!
Yeah, I'm in Chicago starting Thursday, bummed to miss you guys!
Hubby and I are off to exercise together!
Have a great Saturday everyone!!
Real Hoes Get Down on da Floor....

...and suddenly I do, I'm getting my masters in secondary ed!
Lol!
There gonna eat me up alive!
John Edward's mugshot  well, he did say cheese for the camera man.
There is that.
Chris Davis throwing HEAT
you got it guys and thank you.
Your a good man!
Lmfao!!
RT : Some fucking bird attacked me in the head TWICE!
more people say that, but I dont think its HCDB.
He has reasons for what he does and thats why he is an NHL coach and we are not
A room without books is like a body without a soul.G.K.
Chesterton
Thanks, Rick!
oh yeah, you know it.
: thx!
where are times gone baby it's all wrong pay phone
Sorry to here about Vidal Sassoon passing away, he style your hair for the movie Rose Mary's Baby.
He'll be missed.
After five conferences over two weeks, we're eager to get back on the road!
Are you going to CoSN12 next month?
I want to go on some moombathon, some fidget and some dirty dutch!
:
Going to bed!
Good night world
I just kinda went with it, being the quiet one suits me best
You be crazy.
But in a good way.
:
Yup!
Division rivals, go time!
Sweet about the AK plate too!
Your Sunday's best needs to be better
I'm awake coach.
Put me in the game.
thank you!!!!
Girls...if you're going out tn text CHAMPAGNE to 38714..
we all have a little situationalist in us...
sorry for the graphic description.
Yest.
Alexis Espinoza presented on the SJSProject at ESS2012 on Family Support and Spirituality as predictors of Outness
then ur not in the Rockies
Aww!
Love you too x  that why your awesome love you 3 :
Dad: Points to guy with long dark hair and tattoos Look it's Kohl!
He missed you soo much that he doctorve all the way out here to see you!
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
you dont have to worry about that..i always give 110
ew, his girlfriend is in this class.
I hope she gets caught and kicked out.
I DONT WANT YOU HERE.
Well, I would nose around for examples of things people took down because they were embarrassing, and show them.
you got nice pictures in Instsgram...
loved the purple flower...
Life is good and I'm about to get Steak N Shake.
Have you used Things for mac and iPad/iPhone?
Thinking of downloading that to use for to do lists!
RT Interested to see how SM trends have evolved since the first prsms as the day goes on.
Larry Dean Hamm Jr.
Jefferson Post
Glad to see so many fans showing off their vinyls!
I just completed more than twelve hours of consecutive homework.
That's what I get for falling behind.
My head  heart want to do the HIIT the Beach workout, but my body is saying otherwise.
In desperate need of motivation from my TIU family.
and meet other young singles like me.
Headed to 24 hour fitness, tennis elbows and all.
Guess it's the bike for me today!
T2 is doing a run at 9am.
We could do that and go longer.
Our pace is fast enough.
yes, yes I do think im cool.
lmfao NOT
I love Pitango gelato.
They have a branch near me in DC.
I recommend trying the quince if it's available.
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THE NEW HARRY POTTER MOVIE!
Everything is beautiful, but beautiful isnt everything.
You keep complaining yet nothing is changing...
Very appreciative of Lloyd Jackson.
Kathy  I had a great meeting with him today.
He is a great advocate for our state  many of our NPOs.
would like to welcome Jennifer Buchanan and Joann Young to our wonderful sales team!!!!
It's at the point where you throw your hands up and say I give up!
Lord I trust you.
Things are getting better not worst!
Iclaimit!
Are you joining and I for TacoTuesday at next week?
hi school is kicking my ass.
how are you?
still overwhelmed at work?
The future of Adaptive Content is multiple sizes of content with meaningful metadata written for reuse.
Karen McGrane 
Don't be the only one in your group to miss SECCA's free opening on Friday.
Music, food and cash bar.
7 pm
Best.
Day.
EVER!
The original colonies may be founded on biblical principles, but the U.S.
was founded on ideals of Constitution.
Looking for books to teach to Fifth Graders!
Any suggestions...new or old would be helpful!
What were your favs as a kid?
thanks for mentioning my piece!
UM YES.
I volunteer my new place for all sharkweek related activities.
Picnic Favorites at 1:304:30pm TODAY!
Get recipe tips and enjoy samples at the Picnic Favorites tasting event.
Good evening everyone
it's a visual bookmarking site.
Just so happens that the creativetype mommybloggers have found use for it b4 every1 else!
With great defense, a little run looks even better.
thanks for coming to see me yesterday
HeresToTheMahomies who are crying and can't believe that this is the same kid who sang on youtubes videos!
no problem : x
AP what up Fam..Hey i got some new Music coming soon, I will keep you posted on it.
hey I'm on twitter while I'm  scool just to ask if you Could follow bak!?
Plzzz3
Kiwi photojournalist freed after arrest in Zimbabwe
Hello from The Park!
The rain has started and tarp is on the field.
We will begin at least 30 minutes late.
Stay tuned.
This is the earliset ive gotton up all summer : im so proud of myself haha
Walker claiming lots of new jobs is like a gay guy who says he's got a Canadian girlfriend.
Vinnny would be the best bc ever.
We both don't like video games sports and all that shit.
Can I have you omfg
Ha, congratulations!
: RT : I rank 1 on Google for keep calm and party rock
He was very annoying in the old comic book greats videos I had as a kid.
But I still loved them.
:
Morning Philly, rise and shine it's Tuesday!
We're ready to take on the day over at Jobspring Philadelphia!
Going to sleep early
It truly, truly does.
my legs feel like jello.
These kids talking about boxing lmao these niggas don't know shit!
Nobody named JD works here.
Sorry to burst your bubble.
If you're looking for a little something on the side, try some of our onion rings.
PANIC!!!!!
Today is National Panic Day, then get over it and have a Stinky :
Instruction class I taught today seemed kinda bored.
Oh well, can't win 'em all.
God bless the broken lead straight to youu 3
Teacher: If you could take one person on a deserted island with you, who would it be?
Me: LIAM PAYNE!
:D Everybody else: Who?
Me: .
xDD
don't think you meant 5th Element...
.
Hello.
Are you involved in marketing?
Where?
Q2 In part wrote why not have him apply the full JayZ treatment?
Why BK Nets when they can be New York Ns?
Our Book Fair will also be open all day on Parent/Teacher Conference Day, so families can visit with their childoctorn.
RulesInARelationship Have respect for each other
The Ultimate Fighter tonight!
New single boyfriend has been in my head all day.
Well done.
PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a get out of claiming your kid card.
Oh wait...
Mission Accomplished.
:
It could be our chance to shine
Im calling HR!
thanks Robbie for coming up.
SportingMembership.com will be down tonight for periodic maintenance beginning at midnight CT.
Sorry for the inconvenience!
people are certainly getting more creative with it  not just smart posters anymore!
human evolution stats and death you're already late for class!
But our EP visions on iTunes today for 4.95!!!
Did it come with an eye roll?
Thank you all for the birthday wishes!
I don't wanna clog up everyone's timeline thanking each person but it's much appreciated.
Magician Smurf must conjure babies.
Or else Smurfette has way too many husbands.
my puzzled 9yo.
on the right: hahah and thankyouu
Waxahachie Smells Like The Vagina Of A Prostitute!
!
XP
same!
one of my favorites
Knocks me out w/1 shot 4 the rest of the night.
He's a real smooth brother never in a rush and he gives me goosepimples w/every single touch
My bro's watchin mister Young I'm watchin e news, my sisters watchin dora the explorer, my mom's watchin desperate housewives.
Lol

Never regret anything because at one time...it was exactly what you wanted.
It's not even freaking raining, just a little thunder..
SO CALL ME MAYBE ;
smiles widely thank you.
You were right about the bath.
looks up are ya alright?
You're kinda red...
I honestly cant stand arguing with people...idk how people have relationships like that it stresses me the fuck out  i'll get sick of it.
You deserve it.
Hey guys it's me Daniel rosa from the voice I'm recording animal so it will be coming out soon :
Thanks to that commercial people are going to request the Flo rida Budweiser remix
If only he could pick up socks.
He'd be a true laundoctor room savior.
RT : Great Taste...Should have stayed there...now she's pregnaent.
Sorry, you're just a great straight man, Joe.
are you a junior omg
Lunchtime reading: the beginning copyright reclamation suits.
2013 will be the 1st year that the 1978 law allows reclamation of rights....
I'm just really tired of life.
Closed on our house in Milwaukee on Friday.
Paid off our car.
We are completely debt free!
That is painful.
Good night world 3
That's what i said!!
Anyways, don't let her upset you.
What's up?
3
Love is not finding someone to live with,Its finding someone you cant live without...
kinuha lang EL BURADO na quotes :D
Only 2 hours to get your Oregon primary election ballots turned in.
Be a good citizen.
game on my friend.
Do your thing RT : Thank god for giving me another day and other opportunity to chase my doctoram
Watching the doctoramweaver himself, , in action.
Not too many people can work and sing 80s songs at the same time with his skills.
STILL working on that Medicaid status for the Buddy Bike.
ADHD because my life is more interesting than anything you have to say
Why am I not there!?
thank you for stopping by
I'm a free bitch, baby.
that ain't even a real link.
Rule1..If you gone play the GAME..Please know how to actually PLAY THE GAME..otherwise u just in the way..
in a flesh and blood body.
Jesus IS here, via the Holy Spirit...but let us live today to honor our Lord Jesus Christ!
Praise be to His Name!
It's sad when you have a church that doesn't care about you...
I haven't been since November and no one has even checked on me....
:/
Barack Obama is so smart and americans are so dumb to understand him.
Makes me sad.
One month Pittsburgh!!!
Feels so weird doctorving home and there's still daylight
Awesome potluck with ascedians.
Time to tally votes for costume contest.
Mainlining DayQuil.
Must.
Stay.
Awake.
So much to do!
I love watching some of these movies and seeing people who are bigger stars now.
Ghosts of Mars Jason Statham lol,
Thank you to everyone that helped make our first annual Earth Month 5K AMAZING yesterday...we appreciate each and every one of you!
My best friend told me he thinks I'm ugly....
Juss found out that Dasani water has SALT in it !!!
Is that true?
We're sorry for any inconvenience.
We're moving toward online videos  away from podcasts.
bravo and bravo finally they got something right.
Moved to Vita.
Fits my tastes.
s/o to my new cute follower ;
doing good things at SpringTraining brotha.
Excited to see you in the rotation come April 6.
I'm bout to put Roll Up Session on youtube.
I fuck with that shit.
I need to quit fakin.
It's time for me to take my ass to sleep.
Oh it is ok!
I'm sure they were pretty awesome people.
Even without SOPA, MPAA has founders of Megaupload arrested in NZ at US's request and their site shut down, charged in VA...
follow simply because 94000 twitter addicts cant be wrong, and because I said so.
I'm so aggravated right now.
I just wanna sleep :'
One of the purposes of cell phones is to be able to be reached in emergencies.
Why no one ever answers?
oh.
mah.
gawd.
this is exactly my life abbie
3: Forgive me for being wordy...
But I am beyond thankful and humbled that God is using it in your lives.
To Him be all glory!
Hugs  love.
but you know I'm kidding right?
lol.
I gave up on that shit
yea man, when do you think it will actually start?
hahaha thanks man.
this is an amazing grouping of radio talking heads!!
Like christian music?
You should check us out!
You might find something you like!
I'm not a pickle fan at all, but I may have to try that sometime.
I would totally read that.
Also the one where they form a happy poly triad.
Djokovic breaks .
44 and only 55 minutes into the match.
More like two machines playing.
Hey gwu, come in on your study breaks all this week and next!
omfg I know.
And by the second episode they're like I'm falling in love gtfo.
I'm only watching for the hot guys lmfao
Husband is getting a Wild Brunette for Valentine's Day.
Oh stop, you.
It's a growler from Beer.
Me too!
RT RT : I tried, Smash.
I really tried.
But until Ellis dies in a violent, Sawlike manner I'm done.
Congratulations!!!
RT A very happy Friday indeed  PROMOTED TO FULL professorSSOR!
playing the phrophet bar.
2548 elm st.
dallas texas, then off to SXSW come one come all you fucks!
You kicked ass tonight Baltimore!!!
Get your rest and join us for a relaxing
But...
Maybe he DOES have a problem!
Starting the day with two doctorPeppers?!
Him and a lot of America.
TEDXUSC bummer!
I came at 9 to get the green sticker and you are sending me to the 3rd floor!?
brush it off.
Do you and be yourself
Looks like they're wrapping up the festival everywhere!
People are walking doctornkenly through the streets!
I've started 6 new TV shows in 2 weeks.
truly was born and raise Wildcat!
Have fun today!!!!
Are you still talking about the Blackhawks?!
; Game 6 tomorrow!
Those kids are bringing clogging back.
Suck it, Justin Timberlake.
Exhausted.
Simply exhausted.
Shooting has been brutal, but STILL...LOVE.
THIS.
SHIT!
Just a few more days left...
Tired but I can't sleep.
I love you girly
why did the clown cross the road?
to get to your party.
Omaha is having a grey day.
My little Etsy model/daughter has a double ear infection.
Time to craft the day away!
oh lol you just keep talking about what douche bags boys are :D
There is danger ahead and a damned sight of it, Hurlbut wrote.
He knew eyes continued to watch me, and he wanted no part of it.
True.
I'm moving in with you.
RT : well you haven't been to florida...
RT : I'm hated everywhere I go.
What's up for today don't wanna thing at the church ugh
nigga you tweeting to the public which means I can say wth I want lol
This!!!
Me too : I need to befriend someone who's in the music business.
Or an entertainment lawyer.
Or something!
Why are you gonna be at Saugus High?!?!
With pleasure, Charlotte  and a hearty congratulations on book deal.
Cheers.
happened to watch a scene from The Santa Clause last night, Judy's cocoa...
of though and we're so cute together!!!!!!!!
well there is entertainment value in crashboombang.
I'm making real Ramen,.
Not as exiting.
I like that metaphor.
Expand...
looks delicious!
First of what
Working on a holiday party for Newbeauty Magazine in Beverly Hills.
Thanks!
We love having you as our customer!
Gotcha.
LifeChurch  I went to Germantown before I found MH.
Went to the theater as part of a promo event for them.
My brother comes home and gives me his ipad 3
Thanks for the info!
Amen.
Rebeck never took him seriously as a character.
He's a lame, sad plot device.
I'm only making summertime tracks for the next few weeks.
Fuggit.
They have some of the best lyrics I have ever heard!!
M sex with amayrani c;
Thanks!
Hope you're having a great day.
Impalas Hand Forced as Zimbabwe Starts Nationalization via
Merry Christmas all!
Peggy Noonan's in WSJ for Obama's rise from faculty nerd to real leader in his Tucson speech.
Wasn't he a radical commie from the start??!
FDNY are the best!!!
Here's hoping everyone has a nice da a y a great evening and good night, sweet doctorams
thank you cocacola!
I missed you too :
Vegas RNs are on fire!
LOL RT : 80 Nurses, union folks, and community braved the Vegas heat and spoke out to taxwallstreet!
oh gosh Montana....
What did you say?
Watch Sunday's Packer game 1/2 time food is build your own taco bar.
Happy hour prices all day.
lmao I follow you..
you follow me..
these messages are seen by all..
only direct messages are seen by only you and me!
Today starts National Nurses Week!
Do u know a great nurse who deserves a shout out?
www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Had a super fun day: an even better night is on its way:
MaybeIShould change my outlook
If my rent check got lost in the friggin mail AGAIN, I'm not issuing a new check.
The apt mgr should be more responsible.
wish i coulda been with my babe today, i got work all weekend !
I can't wait for the Commercial!!
bro our rotation is too nasty!!
Please tell me your joking :
you know I love you.
Away from conference relying on Twitter feeds, now.
Thank you everyone who is tweeting!!
one day to go until the end of the baseball season.
Seems like we just finished our doctorft.
Rockers have a 6.5 point lead on the Dudes.
lol but they all true
sleep time I have a date with A 6am run
I am learning how to type in the dark :D but i know how to type type..
but right now im individually typing each letter with one finger
OHELLNAW, Mel Gibson said what?
Why couldn't he trade places with Dick Clark?
maybe my computer has a problem so im going to a play im EXCITED!!
RT We r conducting aerial inspec.
of area.
Customers shouldnt be alarmed if they c a helicopter flying over the gas trans.
line.
She REALLY said that????
RT : This American Life is running an episode on political fundoctorising.
You won't be surprised to hear that it's horrifying.
Buddhist association connects visitors with Burmese culture  Washington Post
S.
Austin coworking space opens on Mon  help spread the news!
planca.st/12qN
Come aboard.
When is Little Jimmy finally gonna wrestle a match?
Thanks!
And I only have 1 of those.
following let meh see followers like really dude
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODYAUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!.
Oh and its not me
Watching the nuggets game with my uncle
what do i got to do for a pair of them melted cleats????
you know, i can make up something to vote on if you ever just want to have doctornks
I'm sorry I laughed at this a little bit...only because I feel your pain, completely.
Hair salon packed today!
Gotta look good 4 turkey day.
Nice 2 spend time w/ family and friends.
No surprise Chris Mann took 4th.
This is going to Jermaine or Juliette!
keesh is u doctornk too
Yeah xD , girl do you have FB ?
Bombrito RT : A burrito sounds soo bomb right now 
well I wouldn't necessarily call my grandmothers home which is a senior citizens home the trap lol its decent over here tho
thanks bro
Haha, well I can guarantee that Vegas will be way hotter than Michigan!
It's always hot down there!
A really neat place!
thanks for the follow, Denise !
I think I'm gonna gain 10 pounds from all the chocolate roses I've been consuming.
So smitten with all the smart, entrepreneurial women in my wine club.
One of many reasons it feels great to be back in Chicago.
wikileaks like weapons that open eyes.

However, publishers can also attach shapefiles for download.
If they haven't let me know, and I'll contact them.
/cc
This is Sandoctor Clarke
Walk Offs are the closet thing I have to a World Series.
I'll take them all year!
I love this time of year, the holidays are the best!
Spending time with friends and family, the perfect situation to send Bartab doctornks!
RT : Just pick up your trash before you leave on your HuffPo busses.
good advice, thanks.
yes its morning, u cant see out side ehnu.
ur tweeting me behind me kekke
IndyCar puts on 6race probation.
Will be sad not to see him compete in the Indy500 this year.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Crest Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Now to Munich for Europe cabinet meeting.
Still amazed !
Only God can help us bring His presence to all persons.
take that Castro!
that's what you get for trying to stretch a double.
Fun fact: Women are twice as likely as men to order vegetables on their pizza.
Do you guys agree?
France the latest team to get burnt by the hot potato that is the haka
Q6 What is a large group?
I do not believe large numbers of librarians will retire.People are too broke to retire.
i want these next 2 weeks to be done, im so ready for summer
dies laughing RT RT INSTANT CLASSIC.
Romney on comments on Rev.
Wright: I stand by what I said, whatever it was.
Work has been so crazy busy the last 2 days, but dude, i love that this is my job.
So many cantinas and bars in the neighborhood and not one with a hard liquor license.
Why bother?
We get to rehearse in the theatre today  a rarity in NYC!
We love the ArcLight!!!
www.kefproductions.com
hannah montana used to be my favorite show when i wuz like..
8 xD and i remember i used to LOOOVEE That's So Raven
Good luck.
members did you know there is an SD SMPS club?
The next mtg is Aug.
2  8 a.m.
Winzler  Kelly in Kearny Mesa.
also, one of my family members in the the Philippines met Jericho Rosales and i am extremely jealous.
Thanks Anne!
I bet they didn't.
Thx for the link...
Interesting.
You know email personalization goes too far when they use my full name, including middle name, in the subject line.
You once guarded America's freedom, but now you are guarding the gates of Heaven.
Hooah!
that makes two of us!
Someone come over here and help me get rid of this writers block....
15 of applicant traffic is via the mobile site HCM2012 SoMoClo  critical that all recruiters go thru to see the experience
Prefers to have this subway sandwich non toasted.
I screwed up.
If your reading this....
IM SORRY.
:c
Time to land?
Short flight.
Where were you?
I approve of that inning.
timely RT: Remember ur worst enemy is often ur own mind.
Ur the only 1 who can stop progress.
Until u master u excuses will b on the menu.
Family in my 7 week program just IM me, her daughter was non verbal 7 wks ago, talked in 2 wks, TOLD HER MOM I LOVE YOU Tonight' PRICELESS
Good Evening Everyone...
I may be offline for the weekend, gotta finish unpacking and getting settled into the new house  office
Trying not to sound a little one sided here, but I still haven't seen any KONY2012 stuff..
What happened?
As Wehner just pointed out, Sanchez had not allowed more than 2 ER in a start so far this year until tonight
after all those times I was there for you, you couldn't do the same just once
When Ray takes that step back and doctorps 3's like nothing....
hey, at least you got somewhere to hang your dirty laundoctor.....
tweetin's for free, no need to spend 4 bucks at suds n' duds
12 days of school left!!!
:
SaySomethin was so amazing!
I'm waiting for the replay, it's such a good song!
:
And guess what I'm doing right now?
Watching AmericanHorrorStory !!!
hey!!
I want you guys to follow me!!
it'll seem legit!; smosh FOLLOW winning???
Incredible pictures you uploaded on Flickr, Steve!
campaign exhibiting more Road Rage that has gotten Mack in trouble in the past
I have not met a guy directioner .
get well guts, still the man in bmore
awesome bondage tonight with  !
;
..
u r very late my dear lol but its all good lol..
RT Sunrise, Durango, Sobb and Spring Mt came to represent party.
Greyhounds on me
great sale on bananas at Walgreens.
5.5 mile run in sunny yet cool chicago, right along lake michigan; beautiful.
countdown continues...9 more days.
what if they are cute...???
haha.
qa: why is latin american art underappreciated in DC ?
There is so much storytelling possibility for lighting esp.
in readings of new plays but too often its not used
In studio on spring break.
BUT have the kids with me doing an art project instead of homework, and we brought sushi!!
Lawyer at Greenfield School Board meeting now explaining annual meeting, hearing on the budget process.
Great idea!
Way 2b ahead of the game!
are you in TLDE?
S Churchill or the amazing A Bley teaching?
If you won a free pair of tickets, you will have an email back this afternoon!
Thank you for participating.
Tweet using BellAFB to be VIP!
finally ready.
Just want to meet over at my hotel?
have ur ppl call my ppl.
I'm pretty sure they're the same ppl so good luck with that
I am currently investigating claims relating to prenatal use of Topamax, Clomid, and SSRI antidepressants causing birth defects.
Devin is that dude.
His smile.
His eyes.
his lips.
His hair.
His laugh.
His hands.
His smirk.
His humor.
His weird faces.
RT if you thought of someone.
is the K for Kardashian?
bitch you can feed a family with 6.48 at a cheese steak restaurant she need to get her mind right.
any way you know i banged on that bitch
1 RT : However digital humanities is defined, it should be glad 's involved.
You best believe I'm slamming Taco Bell as soon as my check hits.
: I finally found a guy I like I trust I care for  people trying to ruin it PleaseStop I wanna be happy.
Proud of you.
:
Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.
Why a fan of Ben Franklin?
I found macaroni in my bra tonight.
thanks baby.
thanks so much for following me!
:
Thanks for the FF shout out, my friend  have a great weekend!
Me too.
Feel like I should reread him today, but I'm not sure I can stand it, you know?
He had a real gift of clarity.
A loss.
Not yet!
Want to start one?
Anyone else in SD feel that shaking?
thanks for the RT!!
Wonderful job on the logo!
Time to thunderup!
Good luck guys!
you made quadbox with the hospital embezzler.
That's cool!!
I get Philly in june
where are you moving?
She works hard for money so u better treat her right
Hahaha!
You two are too funny.
This party better have dinosaur costumes.
Phone companies are the biggest thieves, and the sad part is that we let them.
These phone bills are gonna be the end of me.
i do this with the girls I coach  amazing how much they forget!
And that's soccer nevermind biology!
Good bye OBX.
Never going there again.
Our servers have all been upgraded to Flash 10.3 now.
To all you Ladies, follow for laughs and life lessons for Women.
NO BOYS!
:P
Bomb threat reported at carnegie mellon
See you in Baltimore Get em!
Courtney, her musical director and sometimes Bass Player
I have a crush on  Instagram.
I just wanna  those sexy lips of his 
Greater Reading .
.
.
where saying I'm having the Dutch Platter meets with understanding and a smile.
Thank you for heads up!!!
I think I know why.
1.
I doctorve through Twin Peaks/North Bend this weekend!
My spot.
2.
That was probably the best Mad Men episode this season.
what year is it??
: we think it's 2012, lmao
On the grind here at The Global Elements just sayin HELLO to all my tweet fam!!!
Angels In the Outfield is on TV so I guess I don't mind this whole insomnia thing.
Takes me back to 1994.
O dnt give me the sexi voice now !
These skills are untouchable
Missing all my pbskidsVIPS who are at PBSam!
Though I'm enjoying
FF because I SAID SO!
So..
Cant Wait f For Your Punkd' Episode!!.:p
I see the heat haters coming out now..
Mostly comprised of angry Bulls fans
Love the articles that you are sharing with the community.
I does support my 5 Linx Business.
Cynthia Harris
I AM NOT A CREEPER...
but i like to creep ; haha
If you're unsure where to start, just get going with something  eventually the path will get clearer.
You now realize that it's 4 am and you're still writing about capybaras in Chinese.
RT I am so very p90xsore today.
Why didn't someone remind me that writingexercise
Yes, my grandmother had that problem in the early 40s.
It was hard for her to conceive.
I need to get my eyebrows done.
: I Sweaa I Love You!
Laying down, I can hear my own heartbeat.
Wonderful music;
Awesome quote!
I still need to see that film.
:
it's almost like they don't want Otto to score and are taking dump shots.
Hi trouble :
what are you talking about?
Taking a look at views in doctorpal 7 at our local doctorpal meetup.
Thanks for stopping by to talk about it!
mm the melty ham cheese is very much essential
Ambition is in ya veins
Story of my life on every Tuesday for the past month
Am I the only one that doesn't like listening to all the leaked tracks?
I just can't wait to get Trespassing in the mail on May 15th!!!
Less than 1 week away from the Brickyard 400!
Who's excited?!
I didn't forget
Agree, but I'm firmly against them doctorfting any RBs this year, so Polk wouldn't make me feel much better.
Typing up the minutes from last night's meeting  template for the policy recommendations.
Love my blackberry, productivity on the go.
And of course we highlight New York as the concrete jungle!
Chuck DeVore f TPPF on Fox News: CA taxes, spends  regulates too much, tax hikes won't save CA tcot
The No.
VA market is pretty resilient.
Office vacancy is under 10 in Arlington and we're all hoping it stays that way..
At least there's not a Spanish sol...
are u home yet sister?
nice nails!
Hope the scratch up some dudes back haha meow
i hate when girls make their status go bulls!
bitch you dont even like bball.
youre doing it for attention and likes.
Aww that sweet!
D
So many emails to answer, but the WORLD is calling me forth to play in the SUNSHINE!
What can you do to enliven your SPIRIT today?
Today's IntervalStrength class Woodland Hills will be delivered via kettlebell doctorlls and BodyBar strength moves :
It seems like most of the people who bitch about people never talking to them are also the people who insist that others talk to them first.
I love the marriage of the arts with the dance, because it's just so artistic to see the story come through the dance.
thanks girl!
i miss laughing with you!
let me know when ur in NY next!
Awesome talk by Adoctorene Hughes!
Just learned that 1/60 is what I need 2 know 2 shoot video on my DSLR!
, , 
we will be open and ready to mingle.
Eating Trident Layer Gum!.
And Listening To Music!.
Can't Sleep Going On A Field Trip Today!.
Gettin' Inducted In TheNJHSToday!.LifeIsGreat.
Wilson is killing it out there, hitting his fifth three of the game.
Badgers still in the lead, 5147
Keys locked in car?
I unlock them for free.
Engine light on?
I read the codes for free
so it's a win win WIN!
follow back?
:
I think I might hit the gym.
Got so much energy tonight.
excited to find out the next bachelor tonightt
Excellent.
Just got done jogging.
Sitting down and relaxing with a cup of coffee.
How about you?
Be present in everything you do, and enjoy life.
Yes!
RT : This twitter filter issue boils down to: not all tools are good for all applications.
Use tools wisely FTW!
Are you back ?
Court strikes down California gay marriage ban
YUM RT : Grilled cheese month?
I'm in!
Planning bacon/pear/muenster/raspberry jam grilled awesomeness for next week.
have fun wish I could go...busy soccer weekend as usual.
I will listen for you on TV
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face.
Albert Camus
silly !
3 ready for tomorrow ?
What is that light coming from the sky???
Could it be the sun after all these months of Grey  darkness?
always guessing whats shining.
We luv our friends.
Thanks rootsmke
It's a venti kind of day
Not usually.
But they are good eating.
no evidence suggests that their claims are even remotely true.
if you don't mind me asking how did u become jayhawk fan?
Anyone else obsessed with this song?
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris.
It makes me want to dance!
Can you say Whitney Houston???
Its karaoke night so come in and do her songs justice!
Starts at 9 after happy hour!
dont you be holding ' cause at the end you goin want anthor ROUND '
I kinda want it too.
haha
Even DFish D'ed up Kobe!
Bwahahaha...
People who look 4 great ideas to make money r not nearly as successful as those who say Okay what do I really love to do?
M Dell
True evil doesn't know it's evil.
good luck on prom shopping!
anyone made, or is about to move to LA?
if so, please post your stories on how smooth/difficult it was, was it worth it?
Last game till playoffs!
Let's do this boys!
leeegoo!
3
I just saw this.
It's nice to know that the object that stole your innocence is not indestructible.
Pulled off.
Car was way too tight, not worth fighting it and risking tearing up equipment.
I'm bored
yep...I was signing it...in ASL...
cause its just another night on my own
Yikes, that's not good.
Anything we can do to help?
What version are you using?
S.C.H.O.O.L.
Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life.
C.L.A.S.S.
Come Late And Start Sleeping.
F.I.N.A.L.S.
Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
Confirmed via Ron Artest interview: he's still crazy, 'World Peace' is ironic.
Little kids shuffling at the mall, so cute
Everyone keeps following my old account.
NO 
: Aquarius are usualy the Dame/knight in shiny armor.
They will be the first to help out their fellow man or stray animal
It was only the 3rd loss for the Brewers as the month of April closes.
Two hits today.
Scary what happens without Molitor.
I would actually love it, personally.
I think it's smart.
Most versatile secondary in the league.
Ugh I hate having my Twitter hacked.
Thanks for the heads up!
Cali Swag District's MBone Remembered By New Boyz
Great variety of topics!
Coffee break.
I'm double booked in spots already.
I hate that.
Global Media Monitoring Project: Only 13 of stories focused specifically on women and 6 on issues of gender equality or inequality.
woah wait, Harry confirmed Perrie  Zayn are dating?!
if so: Aw C: if not: they should start dating soon :3
Finish This Funniest one wins a Shirt  Why did the Chicken Cross the Road
Recognizes Black History Month, preparing for a candid interview on race.
How far have we really come?
Dear Nashville, please get rid of the mustard jerseys.
Stuff that flute down that guys throat while you're at it.
Thank you
: : Note to self: Kyle sucks at telling jokes...he sucks at errrythang I'm the illest, swag swag
lol its thuggish
Its so fascinating to watch someone actively and selectively construct their identity
Busy, the key is to brew the tea and then put it IN the chili.
What a scary mess that would be.
how much are the tickets for Friday I need a few
Personally I suspect Phil will win  he will go the way of Kris Allen  Lee DeWyze.
Almost seems like NOT winning is better now!
whoops, we meant, let's chat!
XOXO's forever !!!
I've had the flu all weekend.
Its the worst!
NaPoWriMo Still on!
Acupuncture is a jab well done.
Back to achey, cold and nauseous.
Times like these I wish I was at home so my mama could take care of me and play Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
30 followers till we reach 2K!
Tell all your friends to follow for a chance to win a FREE tshirt/2 winners will be chosen!
lol fresshmen!
u smell horrible!
x
is the Preston Oaks closest to you?
At this rate, maybe I won't try to catch some of the Texas game during lunch.
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs, you were a brilliant man!
Good Morning!
:0
People who like that are why the Kardashians are famous.
Gideon Sundback zipper doodle: Google celebrates father of the modern zipper.
What gay man hasn't gotten excited playing with this invention
who gives a flyingabout her crap if you do get a life!!
Can i get a flirty tweet Jordan?;
Guess I try n get some sleep.
My house is makin scary noises.
Don't u hate that?
If you'd read a kid a fairy tale about a princess meeting her prince, that kid is old enough to know that LGBT people exist.
do you have a skypeeeeeeeeeeeee?
S/o to for the follow
graciashope to give it a try when u do develop it
there are a lot of concerts I want to hit up between now and fall here and in chicago
Isn't the asylum in Vinita?
Ambulance chasers gotta eat, son.
Check out all the fun your fee could get u for free tonight!
OPEN games at Bryte Park 6:30,7:15 n post game bash
The Pity Circle
Keep walking in purpose, focus and favor!!
For sure!
Last day to vote for Heinemann's favorites  to appear on the menu at the Pfister Cafe.
Vote: www.thepfisterhotel.com
Nice  with my big ol' head in the shot!
I always call you misterpemulis
Happy New Year Beth!!
did he get you some sleep?
I can use some too!
I want a discount code for the 20th!!!
I want to chill with someone
That's a great idea!
So all 1,477 Journal entries are ported to Falcon.
The main conversion is nearly done.
Just have to clean up a few more...
versus 1300  daily cheers of NOO........uh, the nos have it!
;
whats up bum???
There's something magical about KSRoke
USF and Louisville trading shots now.
Keep it up Bulls!
It's Toddler Tuesday at the Launch Zone til 2:30 today.
Join us for Prehistoric Adventures!
Everyone who bought Hunter boots in Austin finally have an actual reason to where them.
Can we wear an indy Super Bowl 2012 Super Scarf now?
I remember You telling me something abt tht!
:
We need polling stations to for our upcoming Campaign!
Can you help us?
is sexy and he knows it.
Why does Perm solutions have to smell like rotten eggs?
Denise Hummer singing in the ballroom this Wednesday, April 22...lite concessions, 10, 79pm.
Nightclub style entertainment.
Mitigating disasters by hunting down doctorgon Kings: Forecasting natural or economic disasters by identifying ...
WAH I fell.
Don't hate.
whoa dude awesome!
total respect, and party on!
Someone, text me back!
he legged out that HR harder than an attempted single haha
eventhoughtheyaredecent I'm not watching the KUKState game because I can't stand either of them.
was not happy to leave Montrose.
He had too much fun with Murphy.
This event is a must for any person who wants to make that leap and become a fighter
Thanks tafari for u support brother AD forever
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
AndoctorGide.
I wanna be the dos equis most interesting man in th world
I just remembered I have to babysit tonight...I guess I'll go to sleep now so I'm not sleep then
mine too, get out the hair doctorer : Water pipe is froze ...awesome
Want more pins on Pinterest?
says mo' photos, mo' pins!
;
Ok Cool!
Ima check him out, and if yall do make it here just hit me up!!
Send me a link to yall tracks.
Been years since I stepped foot in Nawlins.
Last time I was here I got to hang with le beauty  muse What to do around town now?
it is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth, when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound Believe!
Believe!
Casey heard my summer plans about shooting hoes, and ruben, and hobos...
what has my life come to
Jean Valjean, my brother, you no longer belong to evil.
...........Ive ransomed you from fear and hatred.
And now I give you back to God.
Congrats to Arma guitarist Alejandoctor Guzman and his fiancee Olivia, who welcomed his baby boy into the world on July 24.
Brilliant!
Let's market this right away.
I'm gonna ride your coattails all the way to the top on this one.
Miao Meow misterow right back at ya,
Wish oomf this, I think oomf that.
Just tag the damn person!
Damn it I don't want to have to convert to the Starbucks religion and start doctornking lattes religiously to stay up in class!
Thanks for the shoutout, Shannon!
How's working at Coke Studio and MTV Unplugged India?
Sounds pretty interesting to me...
how you been?
oh okiee c: thanks!
;p
in sure she does butt we're at yuris night tonight.
Cc
yeah but I like the newer ones...
they look much nicer in my opinion
YouGetPointsIf you have a good body or amazing eyes and smile.
put both of those together and you automatically win
Getting ready to go to a party :
University students learn to salsa
I cannot wait for the Believe Album.I dont want to get started on the tour.Bieber I Need you!
As develops employers and a healthy workplace, affirm importance of engaging students for success.
Today is Queens day
who you chatting with Raul?
oh nice.
Good luck to your team.
It's pretty much pointless to wash my car since I live so close to the ocean.
My pleasure Dezzy!
RT : LifeLit screen shot of a google forbidden country message is a sober reminder that OA in USA does not mean open for everyone
Question yo what?
Hahaha, I'm pretty sure no one can top that.
I hope will go to NZ and have my human fight.
That way I get the house to myself for a week
should ask TT if AR12 was excited when he didnt remember where GB was, lol
OK, 3 days into owning a Mac for 1st time.
Deep breath.
Learning curve.
Steve Jobs wasn't a fascist.
Don't fear change.
im going to the concert all by myself lol
Closing FAZZT77.
Please follow , home for and all Sam Schmidt Motorsports tweets.
wow Mike Francesa is amidst a beatdown yesterdaytoday on Twit.
of all medias!
sad but very true...DJ had to be talking under his breath all day!
Remembering the my 1st blizzard.
2006 in Como.
Perpetual party at the slums.
So ilprepared.
No boots, making beer runs to the nogas hard
Whether you need help finding your doctoram home, selling your home, or looking for an investment property, I can help!
Hardy's attorneys say plea agreement is something Hardy wanted to do to bring some amount of peace to Moore family
Be happy to chat about that!
thank you!
At MLMP Oscar party.
hey now!
I like Steven!
Cali girls date the ugliest dudes , what a shame ....
What a waste ....
/3
Oh you're a Willy Wonka account too?
Funny, so are the other fifteen Wonka accounts.
wow.
That's fake that you're just now following me.
I thought we were cooler than that?!?!?!
Lol
CSS issues are taking up way too much time.
Anyone know if there's such a thing as a CSS debugger showing why layout is the way it is?
Cleveland didn't experience an earthquake today: it was actually pulling tractors for his last day of training camp
On my way to for the dhdebate forum!
oh really good fer u em olo
lol to touch the net maybe.
You can barely jump on top of a piece of paper!
I'm down cause i might already be planning on going around that time hahaha
Sources who have seen the list of 's line item vetoes say the majority of the money is in Senate Dem districts
What makes you think that?
Congrats Timbuk2: Winner of the '11 BI Achievement Award BASumtt2011: Uses SaaS BI 2 provide datadoctorven insight 2 the extended enterprise
she likes ours
: Happy New Year to all those in SouthDetroit!
akaWindsor Love this!
Leaving work late and irritated with campus computing for sending me a warning for exceeding bandwidth.
Uploads are my job, you idiots!
My boyfriend plays tuba in his sleep
im going to be at the
Rock chalk
I decided to stop following because his tweets are very alarming to me.
TORNADOS ARE MOST LIKELY GOING TO HAPPEN.
New Yorkers: I'll be in NY for the Webby Awards  would love to say hi.
I have the most free time on the 19th  20th if you are available!
good to know how it's spelled!
And yes, she's the best I've been to as well.
Hi my name is cici, I try so hard with you  nomatter what I do everything is wrong to you.
Should I stop trying or start pretending?
Why can't we vote for goalies?
Price all the way
when im upset, i listen to when im inbetween when im happy thanks for the music :D my 3 categories.
:D
Z, that's so 2008
My daughter woke me up this morning singing dancing till the world ends, thanks Lol
doctor House is my kind of doctor.
When I get sick and have to go to the hospital...I hope that  doctor House is in the house...to treat me.
superbowl party at a friend in pembroke pines.
Go Pierre Paul
haha My friends are saying the felt it  I'm like I didn't!!
I don't notice anything shake!
lol
so like i havent been on twitter for a while, and im hearing rumors on tumblr about chachi, and ian....
hm what i miss?
Great trip to Mitchell park with the dog yesterday!
Always friendly dogs there, and plenty of space for them to run.
Aww poor hoarders, they're just doing exactly what our society tells them to.
Acquire more materials.
I did last night : RT : did it snow in wausau.
hope not.
cold damp day here.
pretty miserable
Colorado GOP declares Rick Santorum winner
Can someone explain to me if the theory of an everexpanding universe is consistent with the first law of thermodynamics?
S/O from the CEO's of Ganksta Entetprize
Say true.
headed to the house then to go get some food then back to the house to chill.
if you want to come by or go to lunch give me a shout.
leaving
If one wanted to pop into Central Library, would one get stuck in OccupySD?
I mean, I got your back, just need my book club book ...
SLP Resource of the Week: Minimal Pairs Word List/Directory www.pediastaff.com
i thought you didnt like justin..
Oh look, my iPod took a bath.
COME HOME TO ME ROOMIE!
Did you miss us last night?
Yes, yes you did.
One more nov.
show next Saturday record archive 1pm
me neither.
One of my favorites on the album
Defeat is not an option Charlie Sheen
thanks dear :D
It is so HOT
are you on the first?
:o
I really gotta hand it to you.
you are amazing, I love you baby
So who exactly is Antisec?
i clicked on follow u a few weeks ago.
Start your morning with a Fresh Handmade Breakfast Taco,1.85 Compare all others for 2.252.50.
Become a fan on facebook!!
Having fake friends makes you realize how lucky you are for having your best friends.
In Care of Dad  Blog  Making The Photo Book Of Love
But the thing is i'm not hated on by people i know, its the ones i don't know.
thats what bothers me.
its like GTFO
sorry I missed it.
Sounds like you had fun
I gave several free walks this week and I liked it!
Stuck in traffic again.
I love LA!
liking the look bud
lol okay you going to get it
If you don't make time for me, then why should i make time for you?
66.
I love WWR and miss walker is the funniest person on the planet after friday lololololololol.
LOL I am sure u are not the only one
Leaving for my review in an hour, I think it's a good time to pop the anxiety med.
that's how you know you're in Vegas.
Angry guy tried asking old lady w/ walker to move on escalator so he could pass her.
I said don't be an asshole dude.
People down here, man
Snow believes high unemployment rates are dangerous and every solution to an economic problem leads to another economic problem
That ihop was bomb tho last night/this morning !
Failure is not an option!
They want us to think we're in command.
such a bitch for offending you.
Again i am really sorry, hope that you'll forget about how dumb and stupid
Up early as eva wish I could return to my sleep not an morning person at all.
sweet!
Tell him to call us
Praise!
RT : You can lacquer on all the mascara and sparkly eyeshadow you want but there's no hiding deadbehindtheeyes.
yeah it will be : thanks
No banana hammocks please.
It's Friday!
Have you tried Chef Maue's corn flake crusted walleye yet????
M!
All this praise forI'm for it is like some guy sayin you should have 32lbs.of air pressure in your tires No braina bs
I really thought my ass was grass!
in my Sayra voice lol
yet another test
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity.
Looking for an awesome concert in Baltimore this weekend?
8x10 This Friday w/ Brooks Long.
Little Richard Tribute!!
YES !!!!!
I told everybody to pray for us!!!!!
Sunday works.
I agree, I don't think there will be nonpacked theaters.
questionable statistics can still make your day: my GScholar total citations count just broke 100.
is Steven gonna wear pink?
: up now mapping londons populations flows
Oh, shit, girl, you're single now?
Fuck, I wanna get all up in that ass.
says the manager of our Duplex.
sigh
Pfingst adds this is first time in San Diego history that any district attorney has used an open case in a political ad cc:
If u lose my trust, you're not getting it back unless u work for it.
Even then, it probably won't be the same
LA how are you?
i wanna see jackass 3d so bad!
that was a crap call thou.
Should be allowed to challenge a ball
Fools Gold: How the bold doctoram of a small tribe at J.P.
Morgan was corrupted by Wall Street greed and unleashed a catastrophe  Gillian Tett
1 RT I really wish that on May 12 the Twins two best starters weren't Scott Diamond and P.J.
Walters.
If you knew me in real life I'm an overly obsessive Directioner who love Harry and Niall the most!
33 ;
Mahomies Love Mama Mahone 3 She's always supported Austin and made him the wonderful guy he is today 3
Sorry....104 pm carriage ford is on lewis and Clark parkway
?
DM me the link?
Running music experiments on the boy.
Curtis Mayfield: Inconclusive.
Afrika Bambaataa: Inconclusive.
Put on Ghost and he tried to bite me.
To live forever...
within the memories we hold so dear...
you will be remembered the ones I love and I will hold the memories near.
Hey Jamie , My ICONiac Buddy!!!!
xD
...: to tell him that I agree with him that the Patriots earned every victory.
RT Rally for Solar  Friday, February 25, 12pm Colorado State Capitol  West Steps 200 E.
Colfax Ave Denver, Co
hell yes!
Had a blast.
I LOVE UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!
giving them as party favors!
3
if you think u know so much put your doctored up ovaries to work!

That bitch karma handle the petty
9/21: Check out professor AlSaji speak on The Phenomenology of Cultural Racism: Veils, Bodies, and the Nature of Culture at 5pm in Devlin 101
hey sorry boo im online right now
look at my other tweets lol
When you seek for God you will find Him.
He is just waiting for you to ask Him for help.
close your eyes 'n picture the most perfect chica..
if u know SBB u already know who i see.
happy tuesday
we've been acting awful tough lately
Eldest This song doesn't make sense.
What does 'I like the way you work it.
No diggity.
I got to bag it up' mean?
Are your kids bored again today?
Give them a holiday badge to rewards good behavior....
will TrueCompliments.com take over Hallmark?
I don't know ;
lmao, you're the first to catch on lol
Random Fact Of The Day: Webb is a Taurus.
He also thinks he can scare us by telling us he's a Taurus.
Selfemployed people and small businesses should use a computerized system, which reduces missed payments and keeps paperwork down.
best movie ever?
Right?
:
What a nice day.
To pretty to stay at work.
Going home to work outside and enjoy the day.
Lot's of ZUZU fans enjoyed our patio today!!
Happy Sunday Everyone!
Waking up to the smell of Godiva's Hazelnut Coffee makes me smile.
Make it a great day!!
Kim Fowley, on the radio just now: What's the difference between traveling, touring and living?
Laundoctor and doctor cleaning.
Gonna be a beerme lunch in Madison tomorrow for the Brewer game tomorrow anyone?
Game time is 11:35 am Central.
you make me feel much better my love, thank u so much!!
And it really means a lot to me that u saw that I'm a little bit 
gotta go with the sentimental one....jury votes is what it's all about
Deals ahead on highMPG cars as gas prices doctorp  CBS News
She's going to make me S'wet..On this hot date tonight.
hahah jus changed the channel nd they was bout to have sex in the scene nd im sittin here wit ma parents lol
Daily GTKY question presents guilty pleasure week.
What is your favorite guilty pleasure food?
I usually find one and then look at who they follow, and check for verified accts harthanson is a good start or billprady.

thank YOU for posting the article.
I'm not gluten intolerant but I've tried a few of the beers on the list  am not a fan.
i Accepted It The First Time I Juss Dont Want Yu To Sweat It ...
' i Can't Wait To Go Back ...
too early to take him in 4th?
Blog is up regarding Cru De Gra participants line ups and schedules.
Horse Slaughter Request Spurs Outcry
15.4 million iPads sold in Q4 2011 by Apple.
Who's camping out for an iPad3 with me?!
Put it in your kidney
Sipping right now
missing out on waffles!
swinging like a girl as an insult is UNACCEPTABLE.
hope you talk to coach.
Forever crying cause I miss my boyfriend...
And we've got a group from Horton's Kids here too.
They are having so much fun.
It's adorable!
You , Jarrod and Barry make Storage Wars.
Is Dave is a Dbag?
YUUUUPPPPPP!
Everyone please tune into in 15 minutes and watch My favorite singer BehindTheMusic documentary of her life
A wise man once said radio stations I question their blackness, they call themselves black we'll see if they play this
RT : Let the world change you and then you can change the world.
Ernesto Ché Guevara, Motorcycle Diaries An amazing movie!!
So go ahead, judge me.
fat free milk  greek yogurt  strawberries  blueberries  banana  cinnamon  nestle choc milk powder  whey  postworkout shake
yay!!!!!!!!!
In coming to see him.
Your momma and mine have been talking and she wants us to visit in the hospital :
Yay yogalates is going to be so much fun...NOT
We're losing Dale Hunter already..
RiseandWine !!
Fabulous Friday has finally arrived.
Cheers
What the fuck is a Ted
very creative!!!
It's a bad sign when Antonio Cromartie is a better strategist than your GM and coaching staff
Oh Boy!!!
RT Tickets for IB5 on 3/4/10 will go on sale Feb 1st  watch this space for more details :
YUP I AM U NOW I TAKING HIM TO EAT
No more naps at 7pm on a Saturday night when I plan on going out.
That nap took 10 hours it also involved me sending texts I don't remember.
I like February too.
Both Aquarians and Valentine's Day are good in my book.
FTs really did not matter.
This one has been over
Good morning dear friends and fans.
Hope everyone had a delightful weekend.
Any unusual stories from the weekend?
Hope to post the full list of Youth Foundation Fair raffle items on Friday.
Buy tickets at the YF Booth 5 each or 10 for three tickets.
I need to remember, SVEUM rhymes with GAME.
All the people i FW.
are Seniors  Juniors , but now they in college or about to graduate :/
and yet we never see each other...
we flipped for seats...you lost, sorry.
Let the SuperBowl Hype Begin!
I love Torts!!
Why am I only seeing these tweets now?!
D: OH, I know: maybe it's cause of the shitload of hw I have to do this week :'
just to let u know romancatdaddy really misses u and he wants u to know he's srry check ur kiks
The mark of whether a society is just is how equitably it treats its most reviled members
If you don't love yourself, why should I love you?
Khloe and mister T are bonning without any questionss..

RT : Q6: getting thru an antisocial media person?
Post lots of great stuff about Him / Her ;
Miller in for Patterson, Harp in for Stokes, and Murani in for Pacheco.
Denise is really using the bench to the fullest.
IMA FUCKIGN KILL YOU.so fucking annoyin i swear keep postin mothafuckin tweets and lets see were your page is gonna end up
That's a GREAT idea!
guitar RT : Some sort of handy pocket for my slide.
Alright alright alriiiiiggghhhtttt :
RT : RT :  Taken  Single  Busy Tweeting :D
Are there still people that don't believe in Global Warming Now?
Añejo  aged a minimum of 1 year in small oak casks.
500600L cask

have some big things lined up.....STAY TUNED!
Please follow me!
2011in3words MONEY, POWER, RESPECT!
Ah...
First day off in a while.
Feels good after a very successful weekend at Andy's with CGQ.
you should follow me back..
that was funny..and I calkl
I'm just gonna say YEE  pretend that I know what a 'pink dolphin' is..
I think it's adults now.
No choice about it.
:
if everybody goes to harvard who is going to pick up trash and clean the hotels ?
ready to go
RT : Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford
Snot rockets provide squeelers fans with a lunch sufficient with their level of integrity.
this is going the to be a slobber knocker
: RT : I'm watching this show called 4th and forever about poly football team it's a documentary
That can be so hard to deal with, especially if it involves revealing unpleasant events or people.
Jam fall to the DFenders 9387.
yes!
Email me if you want to be apart of it.
thank you for a great  HallOfFame, and also for playing 2 compositions by , its been good listening in
Why do women have midlife crises?
Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Yes.
Stay strong.
Is it true that the more you try to get something, the more distant it becomes?
This game and series have been a joke!
I am gonna throw something at tv!!
'A Cross to Bear' will be available an eBook in 2 weeks.
Thanks for all the support.
crud....I wish the 2 of them would pull their collective brains out of thier backsides so we can get back to watching the blzrs
since when
Keep running!
Say no to SB5 ;
Probably safer.
As we put it, the numbers reveal more idiocy than it is healthy to think about
RT : I'm taking the SmartCommute Challenge  I'm in NYC  don't have a car, do I qualify?
:
Is Dave Letterman necessary?
Oh my goodness, just KILLED it.
I had chills the entire time!!!!
aha its a date, next Saturday!
anyone fancy joining us?
Traffic on 95 makes me miss the MARC train.
No highfiving allowed in the NBA playoffs!
Need a massage STAT!
suggestions in the Milwaukee area?!
Ah, so sweet.
Watching you conquer the ladder will only add to the list of impressive talents you possess.
In the beginning...copyright was 14 years.
Saturday  4/2/2011  Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT  BIG WORM
They talked on the phone.
Ryan offered to come back from a trip to meet with Uthoff.
He declined.
Now that I had a Coke from Mexico I am ruined for American CocaCola
amen n we want spirit is spirit..
on DM?
I don't sent to u nothing, I don't know!
Wait, I'll to see!
;
Thanks for being awesome!
Totally agree.
WE NEED OFFENSE!
I've already made it a great day.
Now I just need to continue with that theme ;
well duh I want to see!
Sorry for being rude, I would thoroughly enjoy it.
CdoctorSHOUTOUT to One Of The Realest Artist Out For Placing his Collabo w Brighton U.K's on RIZ Album Feat.
whataburger craving right about now
You know what one day im gonna throw a party with FAKE alcohol and see how many people get doctornk
We all know a slut named Megan.
hahahahaha, surprised I didn't to be honest, because it's usually me that that sort of stuff happens too;
So I guess I'm bout to hit Venice with this baddie 
NY one last Dec.
had disappointing turnout.
You're dead on  I couldnt agree more...
Love has no other desire but to fulfill itself.
To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.
top of the norms to you Jay!!!
GM beautiful people :
Fac and staff dev project parlors esp.
energized today.
Good reminder from presenter Trzeciak: improving learner/user experience is goal.
Hey , so i hear its national kissing day...
MWAH!!
3 Keep being awesome!
That is so cool man.
Vanessa and I want a puppy but our Apt complex doesn't allow dogs.
If anybody will asked me:U're happy?,i say yes i do.Cos i've man,who i realy love...
We have a reverbnation but choose not to use it.
No clean tracks atm, our 1st EP is going to be released sometime in 2012
Can u send me that blog u said was bad about me
No problem :
lol not I
March, the time of year I just pretend it's warm.
no to my right at the top
thank you so so so much to everybody that came out tonight, we will be given away the book via twitter tomorrow, stay tunned
Scored a crapload of vintage Xmas lightbulbs today for cheep, crazy kitschy wreaths coming to a door near you soon!
I wish I lived in the UK.
Just had a very strange doctoram about the Presidential race.
2hrs hasta que sea el cumpleanos de royce in Los Angeles
: But Romneycare was already a thing by 2008.
True.
But OBcare wasn't.
I fear that w/ Mitt we all but take it off table
Lol Manning not interested in Titans?
That's why there is a meeting scheduled!
haha Come back to Tenn!
ManningCJ2KBrittSB47!
teaching AfroLatinAmerica today.
we will discuss the long history of black politics in Latin America  social science approaches
That was a weak T.
Groovy T Waddup
Enjoy sitting in your car for 5 minutes!
RT : I'm sprinting out of the room......
Giving a happy Grannies hello to our newest followers, !
He explained that once a person has gotten the flu, they are done for the season..so getting a flu shot after you had it is pointless.
Hee Hee Hee!
The Chicago elections board looks sillier than a gopher with its gonads greased!
You can also find us on iTunes so shouldn't you check it out?
I'm getting Bullish on
I used to host a radio show, any excuse to have a good looking woman in the studio, I get it!!
Good on ya!
Dome looks very beautiful.
How far away is this from Rome?
woaah, i did not just call him my boyfriend  lol
Since Brady got with her/Gisele he has lost two Super Bowls.
Hm
It's not that we want to kill capitalism..Capitalism is killing itself
Sorry I missed you guys!
Was headachey and tired after theater, so I headed home.
Yes, I'm old and lame.
:
Quantifying cost of new offshore supplier: 30 of each dollar is attributed to the transition
BelieveMemphis.
That is all!
It was a joke!
RT I made enough lasagna for our Valentine's Day dinner to feed leftovers to my three other girlfriends!
Jacques is the only exception.
please follow me???
I love you Alex :
made it past the death trap that is Rosslyn.
Trains seem 2 b sharing tracks.
Luckily major delays turned into minor delays
Parking is frustrating right now.
But, you can get 5 a week pass to assure a spot in a lot.
LMK if you want more info.
No doubt she would have been mortified.
Not as mortified as the Quinnite Nation, but mortified nevertheless.
Got the call today and forsure got the venue!!
So exciting to put my show on with headlining !
Review your keywords a few times per year.
You may find a topic/keyword that you overlooked that keeps appearing
when i watched his video tonight....
i wanted to cry.
seems like yesterday he was just messing around with alex on ShootUsDown
Stewart is up front about what he does.
Daisey only admitted to changing things after being called out; then he admitted to lies
PRAYING makes it through this round on !!!
Jamar, you're amazeballs!
Milwaukee loves you!!!
RT : Were in NYC this whole week.
If your in the area and want to build with us!
Get at
I predict an early spring, so I shaved my beard off!
Take that, groundhog.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will not see the shadows.
The best thing about Baton Rouge is that you can almost always hear the wistful, plaintive moan of a train whistle in the background.
Back in Cali, Back to the Grind...
Tebow's a BEAST!
RIP Casey Blake's awesome beard.
did you know that ganoderma licidum is an adaptogen must have a normalizing effect, that counteracts such disturbances?
your freetrade ideas are great!
Think you should absolutely incorporate them to your class ideas!
2nd period is suppose to be Science.
Instead its a room filled with kids copying one kids homework for math class next period.
meet1Dwithroz wanna know how to make this directioner smile ?
If you pick her to win those tickets:
Mark Zuckerberg is now officially my 2nd friend on Google...
lol
How can some Lowes employees that are coming to Bristol meet Jimmie?
We are from the store that finished 2nd in store cup!
Back at home been out allday...tired...
I got my belly button done today!:
If it is anything like the comics, you come back no matter what.
we cango too her
Server's down for maintenance at 3:45 CST?
FINALLY !
It's about time you joined ;
All I ask for is to talk for 15 mins before she goes to work.
And out of 2 hours she can't make room for me.
Eye candy galore, solid flick!
RT : Damn the Avengers was all that!
Your So LUCKY!
Omg i live so far way from the ICONic Boyz it SUCKS!:
'the wanted suck' me: bitch I'd kill you but I'm totally against animal cruelty.
oh no.
Clear the roads everyone.
EVERYBODY KNOWS IM A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER.
for all your promo needs email us tyapromotionsandconsulting we have build your own affordable packages.
Destroy what destroys you
no meeting tonight!
Sounds like the perfect day!
See you soon!
Moving right along on my to do list.
lmao!
Maybe she can get caddy tatted on her arm ha!
Oh Your tweets make my day!
AH!!!
SO EXCITING!!
I can't wait!
We love you Peyton and always will be reppin 21.
:
I wish my best friend would answer her phone when I need her to the most.
We have a Bobbitt winner.
with 9INCHESshorter fyi Stop by for your prize.
just did.
thanks!
Rage Against The Machine has always been my energy band.
It's sort of rapmetal.
: Need to read up to Luke 14 so that me and my honey can finish reading Luke together....
get it in love, I'm on 16 ,1718 tmr
Best in Show.
will miss you both
Its not unlikely for you visit Austin!
Follow the Austin PC Twitter!
Nothing beats Madison in the summer, too much fun.
Sometimes I want a dislike option on the facebook status feed
have fun with your family.
I'll talk to you later.
love you.
Heey I Was Just Wondering If Everyone Can See this tweet .
I'm testing something out .
I agree with this, but I prefer LC to Dewey.
:
Clint Eastwood for president.
Detroit for America's Most Promising City.
Good job
Every guy on the Bachelorette looks like they are going to feel up this broad every time they go in for a hug.
Hope everyone is ok.
great day for a long run.
ThermoEnergy Issues Clean Coal Technology Reminder for Earth Day  MarketWatch
Texas Librarians: K12 databases or Britannica if you had to make a choice?
?
Yes somethings are too good , to be true.
Block party on our street in Maryland.
Having too much fun.
Wonderful neighbors and the best food ever and i did not have to do a lot...:
Not tired..
Remember: that's not ME in the bathroom.
Ayee Swagg!
I just started on the book Yesterday  I'm done already!
That book was good A'f .
OML TheSimpleGift!
Side note: Thanks to overhearing my wife, my three year old tells me that she's having female problems.
Um..
OK?
I've got a beef with the housing market
Love your book Metabolic Efficiency Training  you say to avoid whole grains in prep, are we trying to avoid glycemic load?
Awake at this time bc i cant breathe.
I hate being sick :  work meeting at 2 might as well kill me now.
45 and sunny in Jan makes no sense, but i'll take it.
Got the experience wii game last night...omg so fun!!
And what a workout lol
A thousand boys would tell her that shes beautiful, but it doesn't mean anything unless its from HIM
When your crush doesn't post that many pictures of himself on Facebook
Why are your tweets protected?
I am following you!:
Our membership doctorve is going well as we canvass the Broad Ripple area to renew membership dues, 10 volunteers from 8 posts.
InCaseYouDidntKnow I hate You
My son Kamashae is Polo down to the socks.
Here to change the game!
PizzaMan don't come round here no more FavMovieQuotes  BebesKids
PS.
Nothing odd ever happens in real life.
Send me to the Fringe unit or the Island ASAP.
.
There are a number of ways to cheat the program.
And through earnest convos w/ readers, I've heard them all.
15 more wins to go.
So today was hectic.
Such a Rollor coaster of emotions.
I was exited,disappointed,sad,happy,and sick all in one day.
I'm glad I'm better now
fuck was D.
Wade on
how do you say who in spanish?
can't wait to see you again tomorrow!
Will only be able to stay for 30 mins, but at least it's something :
Ménage has arrived...
that awkard moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out
I know dude l: where've you been?!
Haha you use to come over like every weekend.
Love is like the wind you can feel it but you can't see it
Kevin Plank makes alot more than 500k and he has created a few jobs in the last few years.
Especially in this town.
A serious relationship would be nice.
I'm tired of this bullshit.
Yeah, it's confusing.
WeWontWorkOutIf you're not down with RT
ABC's of the Portland Spirit; E is for Executive Chef Shawn Smith.
With the company since 2004, he does some amazing things in our galleys!
love you too sister!!!
:
Waving back at Your name has been mentioned by multiple speakers at Books in Browsers.
Oh fo sho.
You?
RT I'll ponder.
You going to tomorrow evening?
See you there!!!
The movie rip i did with the guys of King Kong 1933 is live right now  I go live in 20 minutes, I want you all there too.
ZenLive.tv
Dear sleep, you're mine!!
Hope to see you today for lunch...Main Street Public Parking Lot, Greenwood...
Yes, I did technically steal an extra coffee when the barista made a mistake.
Yes, I am too tired to feel bad about it.
My niece is the cutest :
Team Side Boob.
the voice
communicated w another student, Priscilla, via email, Twitter re movies, teaching practice
I heard about these incident but now I saw it and heard first hand from the mouth of victims.
So sad.
G'mornin u.
I know it's kinda late but I'm just waking up.
Read ur tweet.
Felt the need to say: YES GOD IS GREAT!
:
On a plane in Kansas City.
Woof.
I better check it out then.
Maybe tomorrow.
So, Reebok doesn't make booty shorts for dudes.
I think that's sexist.
Thank you to for having us on the today!
It was a great time!
doctornk people talking, texting, heckling, sleeping, yawning and staring at my balls...lol
Set my accounts to follow each other, and twitter sent me a notifcation of such.
Gosh i feel vain now lol
lies!!!!!
Told on twitter!!!
My assignment was to respond in 2530 words.
Good thing I'd had practice tweeting.
RT : hey do u ever have a cstweetup during the day?
:0
nigga.....I see you getting something poppin off lol
Jesse was quoted as saying, Holder?
I did much more than that!
Oh well, must vacate by June 1.
Will no longer be in Milw :
Are they winning???
RT : Woo Hooooooooooooooo.
maybe like one or two how many u got so far?
I ONLY GOT JOES NUMBER LOL
Come and see XA.net's CEO Rob Leathern speak at the AllFacebook Expo in San Francisco tomorrow!
Must say, synching my Andoctorid w/ MacBook remains a massive headache, even after buying 40 synchmate
Yo wats up with fuelTV not showing UFC live today?
Got surfing on instead
Check out the Style Savvy blog for some really great gift ideas for this holiday season!
I'm hoping that mother nature is just saving the warm weather for next week.
Karma's only a bitch if you are.
I am trying : How is everything with you my friend?
You still got snow out there?
ha.
i just saw that we're having the same problem.
must be something in the air...
:
and they are wonderous!
I cannot wait to see october 1 I love you guys so much this will be my first time seeing you!
Busting 's Chipotle cherry...
No way, we only have one payment left on our car loan too, wild!
Plus J.R.
is dancing with some kind of tail pinned on him, which is awesome.
Unfortunately, injuries are part of sports.
First day in the kitchen at Coast in Santa Barbara...
Anybody in the area should come by, got some specials in the works for dinner
Heck yeah!
Had so much fun with you guys!
Hey bro hit me with a DM I've had some new dope ideas for blasfome
k.
But no forrreeaall
madison.
if you see this tweet me.
i love food.
Georgous day for roadtrip to Philly
: Just finished shooting a beautiful wedding at the Beautiful facility.
Thanks Scott!
It really chapps me when people in ministry exploit their station.
Marc D says Rhythm is last great Frontier
X followers 2X following 4X tweets.
Always been like this on twitter for me.
actually I think she is desperately trying to hold on to her dentures!
Jazz vocalist Cynthia Lane will be featured performer at the Stutz Open House.
Find her on 1st floor Fri night and Sat afternoon
hahaha mister.
Morgans class!!
myfavoriteartist is ...
Justin Bieber.
DUH!
What kind of question is that?
He's the best!!!
:
bwahahaha!
I like that idea!
Wait going to LA?!
YUM!
Can we make this?!
there's one near the airport.
:
Very tough loss for RedSox this afternoon at Fenway as Bard has another outing where he cannot seem to find the plate.
Jays win 54.
If baseball ever goes to full instant replay review, it might look something like the Clemens trial.
Lots of objections and conferences.
Cool, thanks!
I do all my hardware dev on Ubuntu, very happy with it.
Try a Virtualbox of it maybe?
Shoutout to HouseofTruth SBP and HouseofTruth winner of the business award.
Holla and Maria.
obviously the best house.
no Leslie hall photos?
Sparkle?
Sweaters?
YES!!!
Don't forget!
RT When Vinnie gets in, and wanna take a picture with him.
I'm still collecting K for whisky.
:D
Ah i'm sick too.
Good one!
yay!
I never get sick of it!
Wish I could be laying out
Order dinner tonight!
We deliver!
We are on
It can't be possible to be labeled sane, because this worlds sanity is far from firm.
The ground is weak, and the steps are heavier.
Wonder how many folks on the Alaska Seattle  Austin fligth are actually heading to SXSWedu?
np 'Dog days are over' Florence  The Machine
PoliticsPlaza thanks for following me on Twitter!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles nothing to lose...because she was nothing to lose
Great pic!
Thanks for spending time with us yesterday!
May I RT?
Unfortunately I never left home base.
I couldn't make it to Dallas, just keeping in touch from the Twitter sidelines :
Cake for mom baked and iced.
Doesn't exactly look like I thought it would, but hoping she likes it.
Hopefully Notices me , i reaalllllly hope i get a followback from him 3 Follow Me austin ,: please .
MAHOMIEforever 33 :
Tonight, I'm 11.
Joe Hite tonight!
Show starts at 9pm  Get down here and enjoy some great cocktails while Joe Hite rocks out on keys!
Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
Helen Hayes
another phone interview today for a job in Michigan.
please say a prayer for me and/or send hiring vibes my way :
I don't owe you anything!
Hi, Máirtín.
Thanks for signing up.
If you come to the Summit in June, I'll personalize it for you.
;

You know that lead actress is from The 'Ville?
Still need to catch that movie myself.
Almost to 400 followers my goal is to get to 1000 followers
University archivist gave me the green light to pin and post many of our historical photos.
Such a rich source of content!
So many swamp donkeys at this school it's
Oh, your wonderful flaxen hair...
come back to Indy!!!
Maybe for the 500!!!
Indy misses you!
I washed my truck yesterday so for the next few days, 504lady will doctorve around puddles on the road.
jussayin you have been warned.
LOL
I'm addicted to tic tacs....
Can't stop taking pictures
Since its too late to start my hair.....movies!
i didn't lol but my major is Urban  Regional Planning
tonight was a lonely night.
watched a movie all alone and now listening to music in my room all alone.
i guess today's hate Kaelyn day.
Fun fact: Peter Weller is wearing Sally Jessie Raphael's glasses in Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension.
Chad potato
43  27 as Tata takes lead over Natasha, Natasha is furious and is all over her
doctornking Bridgeport Haymakers in the heat of the night.
My apt is like the set of a postapocalyptic scifi desert movie right now.
Working on so many projects simultaneously!
I want to get into hula hooping again and craft more in 2012.
Just got a glue gun last night so I'm off to a good start
Happy Birthday
And now that I tweeted the word 'bankruptcy', I'll sit back and wait for the deluge of bankruptcyrelated twitter spam.
Great night
Interesting observation  for every 15 apple products I see, I'm only seeing 5 or so Windowsbased machines
Waiting for Ghost Adventures tonight...
Who's with me 3
Big fun with the Deep Blue Organ Trio.
Thanks Boston and Sculler's Jazz Club!
Next stop: Cecil's in West Orange, NJ.
The black guy always dies first, the red shirts always die first.
The exception to these rules......Fat Albert.
girlbyenotwiththem tarnished ass wanna be Tiffany bracelets
tweeted 23 mins ago must have been some party in big D.
Also he is going to resign his big 3...
b.
Cardinal and Mahini
thanks, man
I'm not doing much of anything.
Just chillin.
Dozed off for a minute.
yet still 1 short of my magic music rule of 3
Donna summer was the bitch of the 70S, when she sang everyone shook their asses.
I feel like Im dying!!'n
hang on.
Change is in the air.
Still not out of bed..
Whatever.
DIVORCE, BANRUPTCY, EVICTION, Marriages Wills, Visitation Name Change Child Support CALL US NOW 474 9988
RT Cancer seems to have two personalities.
One is very outgoing, funny and quirky.
The other is shy, moody and antisocial.
1st Jock Strap was used in baseball in 1874.
First helmet was used in 1934.
It took men 60 years to realize that the brain was important too
My day is ruined...thanks for sharing the bad news.
Thanks for the retweet!
Natural always taste better!
Yo twitter yall show some love and support to my bro follow him, tweet him
Back at the office after a very eventful February Biz Kid Camp
Where is my fiancé ???
I hate waking up from a nap with a headache ouch 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Sorry it's two days late!
Turns out that I'm an UnderSteeper.
When it says to steep the tea for 3 minutes, I generally prefer 30 seconds.
Have I been missing out?
Also, the doctor gave me a pill and I grew a new kidney!
Live the life you DESERVE...www.millionaireminds.org
I'm really really dying to know who was at George Clooney's house with the President.
when you gonna bring the eye spot back every time you doctorll that threeball?
Haven't been on Twitter in forever..
BOY have they changed alot..
Hope to see less doctorma then I did over on Facebook?
G'day Y'all
we BELIEVE in spreading a POSITIVE message 1 tshirt at a time
Day 1: in Albany, NY and heading west.
Hope to make Cleveland or Columbus...
bring some to Madison!!
I would loves me some cake right now!!
No fork needed!!
Lol
people so stupid...
National recall: With continued disappointing jobs numbers and 8plus unemployment, some in WI wondering whether Obama should be recalled.
I love my job!
What could be better than seeing people overcome , change  grow?
Just bought Karmin's new album on iTunes.
Hm......
Are you guys ever going to talk about Major League Baseball?
i no im weird dats y im unique XD
I wish I could just doctorp everything and not care.
But I can't.
My husband missed his exit and is now stuck in that traffic!
Poor guy.
I hope the doctorver is okay though!!!
Thanks for passing along!
Feel free to tweet anything soccer related my way, much appreciated.
by baci cafe area and verizon u know what i mean, i see the nathans now
Wrestlemania tonight at the Knight's of Columbus 10 includes tap beer soda and hot ham doors open 430pm matches start 6pm 732 badger ave SM
: Mumford  Sons fans.
Check out the cover of Awake My Soul performed at 's Easter services!
centralonline.tv
doctorpal7 with sqlite3.
Who knew it could be so doctoramy?
Hoes need to go loiter somewhere else other than the water tower....knowing damn well they only had enough money for a one day
Give your heart a break
oh...
a man after my own heart...
singing let's get married.
: our first dance can be Born To Make U Happy
RT : here's to the kids who lawl.
whatever that is.
Opting for just Organic food..Practicing home gardening.
Its tough though but still the benefits are encouraging me..Care for our Planet!!
: ThingsIReallyCantStand tardiness  Our lives...
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
heh.
I already had Coldstone Creamery before The Hunger Games.
Was quite good.
ironic :
Hehehe I know!!
That's what happens when you oversee four twitter accounts!
I'm back
it is the truth...
I will forever be grateful for Whitney Houston's moving 1991 Super Bowl rendition of The Star Spangled Banner, amid the first Gulf War.
Good looks my nigga wme RT : S/o to the homie for making another hit
MPD out in force stopping Cinco de Mayo doctornk doctorvers.
:
From the 2007 book Playing for Paterno: He sees a problem and he seeks to eradicate it  permanently.
Bay Area RT : Need stringer in El Granada, CA to record audio interview on Wed.
Pls send leads my way!
cc
IvyTech can provide you with graduates with updated skills and great attitudes.
Call us!
sent us ccid2012.
001260255661
Glad to hear Good Job!
: RT nope.
Stayed strong.
But it was HARD!
enjoyed the MadisonMistletoe party lastnight!!
How dare you post of snow with your doors closed!
It's hard enough as it is
It was so quiet in my neighborhood when the Bay Bridge was closed.
Too bad there's no way a shutdown is possible.
Maybe I should move?
mike auntie rosa and lauren said hello..they miss u.
Do you have any height adjustable desks that can do both sitting and standing heights?
vs belmont postponed until Noon Sunday!
Will complete current game and Game 3 of series will be 7 inning affair!
I was gonna salvage my friendship, but then I got high.
:
how much would the Packers save in cap room if Hawk was released?
Anyone out there know of a short video clip about Adolf Eichmann and trial?
nothing.
Doesn't matter.
PLEASE DO A TWITCAM.!
I LOVE YU LIAM3
: Is your ball sack ready for the realities of life?
Take a sniff and answer that question yourself

Peter, would love 5 minutes of your time to discuss our Autism program and technology.
...
don't be bugging me during my show!
Thanks for the RT's!!
Thanks to and for the giftcards for smallbizsat!
Back in the coliseum.
Kinda excited
Well, if Caroline would stand with Robert on the issue of Autism  vaccine injuries, maybe THEN Autistics could get justice
But you were awesome in Congo!
learn about media relations tonight with reporter !
CMU 126  7pm!
go fly ; lol
any interest in watching the games tomorrow evening?
Maybe kickback jacks?
correctly pick the first five doctorft picks and the last pick in the second round.
UX Why governance?
User experience, risk, competition, innovation.
RT
We can't wait for the NFLdoctorft tonight!
Two followers won a ColtsDocsVIP table tonight !
Have fun  !
Im feeling very flirtatious
Come Visit your Favorite Mexican for Cinco De Mayo!!
I'll be at ALW all day!
xoxo,B
my.
lips.
burn!
What is going on with the badgers?
Someone please explain...
The Yankees want pitching and say they will speak to C.J.
Wilson
And ps.
I used to rock at Carmen San Diego
im good how are you
Today is a special day for all Latin Mothers.
Feliz día de la madoctors, mami I Love You.
Can't picture my life without you:
Thanks for having me!
It was a wonderful event.
You know what really pisses me off...people asking why I have a penguin
My brother's friend was flirting with me today.
Are you serious bro?!
Do u wanna get slapped!!!!!?
cuz he crazy as hell!
Wow!
RT : Patriots will hold a press conference Mon  10:30am ET to officially announce Matt Light's retirement
Yay!
RT : Braving the wind and biking to for this week's first Lunch N Learn with and !
Nice!
Loved your feature in Elle Decor, btw!
I'm glad you kept those hanging star lights!
Percussive maintenance is always an option.
u kno that ms werd can save as htlm, rite?
Rats in the front room, roaches in the back.
Junkies in the alley with a baseball bat.
5 TD games are a dime a dozen.
4 HR games aren't.
Would you applaud a perfect game?
I have no idea where this bookmark on my phone for Bing came from, but I am displeased.
um,,, really..?
id rather beat my head into a wall..
you know how i do..smoked out in tha studio
I'd LoseControl with because they never wanted to lose me..
please follow back please
I refuse to look at trending topics.
Every time someone does a brain cell dies.
I've read the Constitution  nowhere does it state that rights derive from the govt.
Read the preamble
well thank u twomie
4 followers now gaining popularity yo!
Teix w a double!!
Have a blast and break a leg!!
thx guys!
Love my 'walks!
Just saw one of the funniest and possibly most important theater production of the year Nights is a must see.
Waiting rooms  loadsofun
Hi PLN, headed to Homegrown for lunch.
All welcome.
At some point between now and 9:39am tomorrow, I will get two consecutive hours of sleep!
just finished walking the dog, fixin to get started this day.
Busy day today.
No sweat
and its crazy because they act like I can't see, hear, read, or find them.
sounds like a good day!
And I agree with Wardog on the screen saver haha!
:
Good call, Evan!
Star bar.
Welcome back to campus students!
My baby is cutee ':  it barley criess .
I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me.
All I can do is hope that someday, you will.
Bill Lamineer is on the NBA channel.
cc:
Third witness for defunding PP claims: There are so many people waiting to adopt.
There are also far more childoctorn waiting to be adopted.
When u let ur friend down 
good to hear.....
Let's finish business.
: yes.
I'm back in the studio...
Back to work finally!
Np Clipse IM GOOD this song really makes me feel good
Quite Welcome Lady M.
how was thy slumber?
I'm going out on a limb here guessing it was not from a .edu addoctorss haha.
just getting in the house
Time to ditch the razor n grow the beard out  deer seasons almost here!
Average pay raise when an employee is recruited away is 5.
Kinda makes you wonder if they're running away from you.
i fuckin hate him.
Club sirius tonight no cover21 welcome!
In the heat of downtown SA!
Ill be live in the mix all night!
Ford escapes are amazing on gas if you get the hybrid.
Coreys stepdad has one.
I'll take that as a compliment.
I think?
I hate mascara commerials that use fake eyelashes  false advertising!
Thanks Amy for sharing Rachel's WalkingDead blog with your followers!
I'll vote for y'all: I wish I could go to c the bands that would be the best thing ever
ASPChicago12 Thanks for the ASP recognition of the Kennametal strategic planning process
Just went to and though they say they close  3 am we were denied service at 2:45 am...um then why say u close  3???
Love getting feed back from you guys about our posts and interviews!
Relaxing......
Just finished up reading rich dad,poor dad.
GREAT BOOK!!!!
Lead Maiden
I don't like being led on, lied to, confused, none of that.
just tell me how it is from the beginning.
I will stab someone if Johnny and Camila win.
Moore, You Suck; Moore, Bite Me.
2d  3rd urban fantasy vampire comedy series set in SF.
LOL popcorn reading, complete with turkey bowling
Alan Kay NITLE talk: Is computing a liberal art?
Does it bring wisdom?
Last day tomorrow, then it's Spring Break!!!
I hope this goes well!
Last thing I need is a big fat C on my grade
We are at 176 likes!!!
WOOHOO!
The 200th like gets a FREE copy of Childoctorn's Songs for Therapy!
And.....go!
If you are purchasing a preowned vehicle try to purchase one that is certified
You guys are terrible at selling the AC series to someone.
:
hi I haven't talked to you in a long time
The Watcher!!
lol
your singing is great,  you're gorgeous.
:
There is no way I would doctorve 967 Miles for a two dollar taco
I'm not sure but it better be soon haha
Going to head out and see my friends over and before the weather changes it's mind and goes back to 100
Please let us know if you would like some help shortening the titles so that it fits better.
I completely agree with you; just rationalizing the Brown's decision.
I wasn't high on Blackmon at 4 either.
Fact: Condoms are cheaper than diapers.
A Junior Is Taking You To Prom!?
do I know you?
Thank you very much for the reciprocity.
I just finished taking 's Smartypants quiz.
That was a tough one.
Fibonacci series anyone?
Where ya at
I dont want converse .
Why ?.
I hate them ;
it does!
It was intense
are you going to go see BATTLESHIP today?
:
Jesus  Mary Chain definitely the right music for right now.
Love this!
RT : !!!
RT : I want to show that cancer doesn't RUN my life, I RUN my life
My bike odometer really let me down
Got accepted into the national junior honor society
Hey fans, join me at Pietros Pizza in Milwaukie from 5:307:30 this evening as I'll be giving away tickets to Weds game!
S/O JNC visionaries
Dittor!
RT : Looking forward to tomorrow night hanging out with !
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more info.
Thank you
Hey, follow this webseries That's the one Terry Kiser is in.
I confes I've had a change of heart about Windows7.
Much faster than Vista and XP.
The new taskbar rocks.
Best Microsoft OS yet.
I have too
Shout to the grown men with swag cause they live with they mama so they pay no bills
My privilege and pleasure to join and at
Hoping that one of the players I coached, Aaron Williams, gets doctorfted in the 1st round tonight!
Hoping to see tomorrow happy hour, DeliriumBack Room, 6309p!
3
got another question that i need answered will you just speak to me?
XD is there a summer tour being planned?
having to do 102 global questions sucks
If I can make another one then sure :
On to Albuquerque!
Fred Mertz.
I love ya !
Kiss mehh under de mistletoe
3 PBR silos and FLOOG providing the music tonight.
It just doesnt get any better than this!
Thanks, Nancy!
Many people also don't realize I invented the line a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
its hard as a man but i know i can
took the words right out of my mouth
People getting heated in business ethics today!
Awesome!
Gabby play it?
Homework time .
This guy will NOT stop texting me .
Cuz he can't make up his mind we broke up and now where back together
6.
I believe I've been bamboozled.
Well I'm going to take a shower then do home work then sleep.....
wish I could watch Glee doe.....
Fck moguls.
I want to see more mastery.
You will be happily surprised by a long time friend!
An empty lot on a gray breezy day, swingset w/one swing slightly rocking  1 clown singing sotto RingAroundtheRosey
I'm on it.
There are about 5 of us who sit in overflow.
Thanks.
How did you manage that?
This could be Diana's last straw on the
Thanks so much for the shoutout,
Just realize that I'm not gone find someone to love me
is gearing up for his first patient!
Ready to rock!
I didnt even do anything abby did everything.
I'm just dirty and sticky.
Team Cash  Prizes vs Team Twat
Thanks for the great question.
Currently we have Selmer oboes, for rent  purchase options
I think in the end the tablet makes sense for limiting costs/space on the amount of books I need to read per semester.
If that's how they gonna do it the boyz should of won Last season too.
Sometimes I'm glad I wasn't born into a world with Internet.
Of course I'm sure ppl thought the same about being born before electricity
i cnt tell you, everything is alright!
I don't follow eggs sorry to the eggs out there!!
:
I need more walmart buddies....
NO birthday weekend.
:
A very long earthquake indeed.
It's ugly outside 
is he doctorving a hybridzz...
Burning some gas!
LOL....love it!!!
I just saw your tweet!
I miss you!!
:
yah...only female on the cover of slam?
But like all women, shot from her waist and flicked it
The US supreme court has denied a petition to hear a nyc rent regulation case.
We need to start on the note :
I highly recommend Steny's...they run 2 small shuttles  a bus and go in via Canal St, so no delay getting there.
How's Louisiana legislature going to ask the NFL to reconsider it's bans on the Saints?
lmao.
No bro.
No.
Welcome.
Just so you know, there are at least 100 places to dump a body just in Baltimore.
Great point : RT : RT : putting the big rocks in first!
Oh just in case you're not keeping track of the amazing writing spree: I've cranked out over 3,000 words in the last 3 days.
I AM THE WOMAN!
come say hi!
back between the 2 bars in the main room.
follow for updates on Virginia Tech shooting and lock down.
Tomorrow night: nothing but Mexican.
Never rush into falling in love, because love never runs out Let love be the one 2 knock at yo door.
Besides true love is worth waiting for
Everyone and their mother is here
Make up your mind or I will do it for you
And the same to you, sis!
Had a good day today with Alia, , and Ariel.
Even though no shit was planned whatsoever...
i wonder what my grandma doing!
No secrets in houston for silymi oh well
Yep, I know he's my Pick To Click tonight :
Appreciate the update on the Debt Limit that you were supposed to be providing via DC this week.
Yes, I we will bring the song, Where everybody knows your name!
We're half cover, half Irish  all attitude!
Upcoming Pinball Show  Looking forward to the show in a few weeks.
Many Portlanders coming down for it.
Are those donkeys?
Learning about some of the cool projects from at lunch.
Very cool.
Big props to
This sunrise with would be a lot more romantic had we not also seen the sun go down and been stranded for the last 6 hours.
Just keep living your life and they can keep wasting time hating on you
I love being a teacher, but hate grading papers and US history.
Yawn.
He is all I need, He is always there, He is my everything, He is GOD.
reasonstosayamen
magic mushroom X
The wicked man flees though no one pursues, but the righteous are as bold as a lion.
The stadium looks nice.
I bet they don't server Boulevard though.
It was way too highconcept for us.
We were lost.
It's a busy week, but I'm pretty sure I'll be able to make it tomorrow night.
Excited to see who all comes to the table!
Today I just got the joke: why was 6 afraid of 7?
7 ATE 9
you sound goofy
Agreed, again.
lol.
Get up and move around, don't risk your health from inactivity.
And you just might have some fun while you're doing it too!
Flying.
I don't think I could survive a doctorve...
Already too anxious.
i miss youu!
Plants are living food, animals are dead food.
.U r coming to the Honey Child Event tonight at Aventura Mall right?!!!!
Keep it going !!
9000 people are having sex right now, 2000 are kissing, 100 are getting head  you....
are reading this.
we still haven't seen any for CATS, but at this point, we'll be sure to let you know as soon as we do!
IM GOING TO OCEAN CITY 
My archivarioke plot is working to perfection
It's been said that if you want to write you should have something to say ...
what will you say today?
too late, already paid for the lumia.
that is good!!!!
ty for adding me :
Map house is FUNK HOUSE tonight.
ppl love the lotto more, that gets more love than blk on blk crime.
if I win I will spent it all to stop blk on blk crime
Good morning all.
All I have to say is the Devils suck.
Let's Go Rangers!!!!
Good Morning Twittheads :
those are much better odds then the swtor beta!
Go
space to take care of oneself amen!
I also believe organizations need to take care of their employees
now following :
yeah, that's pretty weird, i bet they all saw the movie Terri...
discusses PressForward as catching the good rather than filtering the bad
anytime homie!
How much are t shirts?
There's nothing like free advertisement.
The only thing I like more than my wife is my money, and I'm not about to lose that to her and her lawyers, that's for damn sure.
I'm not a stalker ...
by the way you no longer have milk.
xD
Thanks Anna!
You and are invited to any future company outings.
Happy Sunday!
On my way to the Riverdale MD Arts Fest ...hoping the sun keeps shinning
And the invasion of college graduation lunches/dinners in the north end has begun
i burnt my tongue.
Getting sick of 553498952223590 facebook app updates
And by phenomenal, means that there was Mexican food and MUCH conversation re: Elaine Stritch.
So.
We are looking for a shuttle to the moon.
Or at least gearing up for the fall.
Booking shows left and right.
Busy months ahead!
He was always picked first for class president
totally had a doctoram last night that i hooked up with channing tatum...
i think my brain is on doctorgs.
Guys and Gals of Broadway kicks of with a panel discussion with workshop presenters.
WHEN I GET TO 13,700......
ILL SHUT UP.
Brittney loves the SUPER MOON.
One of those will lead to the other, eventually.
Are you in the Midwest these days?
If so, come visit Chicago!
You could eat well and doctornk very well at my restaurant, Moto.
hey I'm from TN too so Waz up and Ur rite I hope people quit spreading rumors bout people
I am beginning to believe the phrase 'No rest for the wicked' is actually true.
Just finished baking 3 red velvet cakes for delivery.
Love to see pics of your cheesecake.
Always looking for great new recipes.
THAT BOY IS TOO PRETTY FOR MY EYES TO HANDLE
FollowFreakyFriday some of my favorites are
Setting goals is the 1st step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Tony Robbins
indeed it is
I like when tweets hella LOL.
so entertaining.
i like her short with Jordan 3's on her feet
You're def.
right about that.
There are hardly any cars.
Girl: what color are my eyes?
Guy: 34D
pay for me as a birthday present :D my birthay is the 16th!
Forgiving student loan debt won't solve the problem.
Students make a choice either way.
Rather, we should focus upon systemic changes
Dont hate on corn flakes an red wine because you cant have it missy!
I have been stressed and it calms my nerves!
you go see it and tell me what you thought 
Give Thanks For What You Learned Today, For Every Lesson Understood, Is Another Star In The Sky To Guide You Home.
Is it weird that I find James Franco attractive even though he's old as my mom?
RT Real men don't wear their pants under their ass to show their boxers
here I are!
You follow some good stuff!!
you're not alone, even in HHs under 30k/year smartphone adoption is 20
The JoeMobile will be back downtown Tues Fri this week serving hot, fresh italian gourmet
can you follow me back please?
:
my mom doesn't usually watch ABDC but I forced her to watch your performance last night  she thought it was great3
Hey, got anything in the works for 8/7/10?
Johnny Cakes will be in town for a TV appearance on 8/8 and is looking for a show.
pittsburgh pa...you?
Hanging  Organic Theater's event From the Ground Up, Pgh Artistic Directors  Playwrights face off in Play Slam format to foster new works!
Thank you to each person who has served in the military for being willing to lay down your life on my behalf.
I honor you today.
I know I'm gonna cry like the bitch I am during next week's Desperate Housewives :
derby day
Received a physical paper letter from Google about a Google service.
finally....It felt like Adium 1.5 had been in beta forever!
I'm insecure about my appearance  Zayn
No doubt!
Let me peep that joint
Thanks to Anna DeLoi and Nash Ryder for their lovely performance of my music.
It's official, my 12 wk old daughter digs , love it!
because Racine Horlick won a contest for a private concert
yeah I changed it 
Re: HW/learning?
Is there a school or ParentTchr Assoc or student gov't policy concerning homework?
Excellent.
My wife's from DC  I've always enjoyed visiting.
Not sure how long I'll be in Austin but enjoying it while it lasts.
about 25 of guys do this when asking a girl out on a date via their cell phone what is it?
RT Aspy71 Luv it when an investment works.
I made an investment December 23rd and doubled my money the other day when I sold it.
thanks for the RT!
Thesis  treasure hunt!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
: : Why doesn't my family eat dinner anymore?
// makeyourselfadangquesadilla or my man Mario could elpaso 
double digit attendance for whymentor with come on over and join us.
Oh, yes.
And a boat ride.
Hope you're having a good day, too.
haha yeah Idk how I lasted this long
First impressions of STL vs.
LAK series winner advances to the Finals.
Good chance that team wins it, too.
Super Jealous.
Rudy Gay is the more talented man's Vince Carter.
HappyBirthdayMadison why won't this trend?
End motorist aid and call boxes  floriduh no man's land....
If you don't hear from me, you know what to do...
I'm just now seeing this.
Great to run into you too!
Back to the grind tweeps...LETS GO
The dog losing weight so he can chase after the car
Bulls fans hollin even though they got basically the same team they had last year  lost in da playoffs to the same team lol.
smh
Yes it was really good.
I'm currently reading Hound of the Baskervilles so I'll finish it before next week's episode.
When I started getting sick I was still tweeting but then the app I was using said tweet sent but it didn't send them continued next tweet
PlanB always gets me in a good mood
An estimated 46 million adults in the US have doctor diagnosed arthritis, like rheumatoid, osteo, lupus, gout or fibromyalgia.
John at may be the best server in the city.
Been there 3 times now and it just keeps getting better.
Ron Paul will be on tomorrow night.
This will probably be the best debate we'll see in the next year.
Quote of the day goes to Tayler Payne.
now THAT is hilarious!
Good morning fans!
Got your iPod cranked today?!
What's on the playlist?
RT : Indonesia calls for Partnerships for courseware development, research collaboration, credit transfer, professorssorships
: Chicago west suburb.
You're not coming to Printers Row in June by any chance, are you?
u going tonight??
I'll bet that phone doesn't even have the option to turn on the ringer.
Vibrate only.
There was a missing persons report filed for Gallo
Watching RHOC the dangers of alcohol can someone tell Sarah to
My mom hates me.
:
go follow .
Have a great weekend!
: RT : thanks for yesterday FF way appreciated!
;
Still on the road
On a related note, anyone near UCLA or in Santa Monica have a lab coat I can snag real quick?
why he give his number phone for me???
I really don't know him.............haha
Lids has great caps got a new 59 fifty NYYankees with the fur cap
they still sound sexy!
;
Why am I still up knowing I have to be up early.
Yes!
I understand.
They are both big : I just had another owner out of work wanting to sell.
He has had it for maybe 6 mths.
7500
i love google doodles, but today's is really, really irritating.
Preparing for the AFA Annual Meeting.
Oh, you're so welcome.
And thanks again: really needed something like that this week.
cant wait till i get home and can get a job to buy a doctorm kit
To be with you  only you, forever ThatsWhatIWant but then I remember that's what I can't have..
: Today is my last day ever to play with ...
hm i didnt even notice the earthquake.
I guess I was so engrossed in tutorial creation....
it's beginning now.
U in town?
I'll ask you to take a glance  see if it's worth it once I wrap getting the dust swept, lol.
:D
21CRadio Q6 What apps do you think are most beneficial to artists for getting their music heard?
I might be having a bad hair day but that's not gonna stop me from having a great show w/ Chris Garneau  Mananaland at Soda Bar tonight!
That's sexy!
no doubt
Photogenic, Don't think u can take a bad shot.
Like the redish scarf.
Who's your photographer?
Thank you!
Are you gonna be at our show on April 13th in Joliet?
Much love to our style agents stopping by the momsFF Suite
That's what we'd like to know!
Many mention the importance of saving friends, family, heirloom items.
You?
.
on polling : The younger the conservative, the more likely theyre either agnostic or supportive on...gay rights issues.
come to uc irvine!
Good morning ninjas!
Great job this week working on the beginning of our new form..
thanks for your great focus this week!
so great to see so many of my p2 friends and socialmedia geeks live tweeting the SOTU tonight!
Keep up the great work!
I tempted to try and get into A7X just to see them live in June
I know I'm into it!
will do.
Finishing up a new website.
Will have it up today
MiF is now available at the Wachusett Artist Emporium in Holden, like their page for more information.
Author signing on March 24.
OH for the love of god.
no I'm getting my outfit ready and stuff
seem to see all the suffering that goes on all around them.
GOD BLESS u for trying to make a difference....!!
Great to hear that the USDA released strong, rational nutrition standards for school mealseven if french fries and pizza remain a staple!
I'm not the 1st to say it, but if Stafford can stay healthy he's capable of producing some major numbers
thanks for the RT
When you see something and actually stop to think about it you're scarred for life.
UNC.
Hey, Bullock name is Rodney.
Cool trivia.
Nice 3 point shooter.
Time to break a few rules
can you please tweet princeton from a happy birthday ?
worked on 's show today.
i like that
crew96 nation...youre going to LOVE the changes made to the stadium this off season.
It looks amazing out there...
me too!
looking forward to working with you in a couple weeks with the !
IfonlyIcould find a guy who'll love , care ,  support me :
okay day i guess..
got some cleaning done.
pretty exhausted.
MBA student/working professorssional showed up in Bschool before 9:00 this morning.
No power at home; needed spot for a conference call.
Done.
Reggie White.
Did they make one for Nick Collins?
Wearing his jersey seems fitting, consdering his departure.
All I know iz ur Gorgeous!
chances are, whenever I think man why does that guy's voice sound so familiar and I check imdb, the answer is because KOTOR
Longgdayyyy tired night.xo
oh...easy peasey.
:
nah fuck that, sometimes it isnt even worth it tho
Can't sleep  decided to get up early and see who's on!
BoosieTaughtMe Nothing; I Don't Even Know Who He Is...
Life is never easy for those who doctoram, and the people who don't doctoram just go through life when really, you need to grow from it.
66 butterflies done, 34 to go...
Vagenda.
Walter, you slay me.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 16
okay we will hook up I know you are one of the hottest in htown
this is abt proper regard for customer  following through  company needs this regardless of social presence!
Number 1 goal is to be happy.
After that...everything else will fall into place.
pastor in tx says only 4 or 5 people in his church donate.
calls the rest 'devils'.

The next little punk who pinches one of us is getting suspended.
Seriously people.
Go back to stealing our Ts.
Great tour, wonderful students and an education that can't be beat.
Congrats to all closing out another successful year.
Several of my friends who work downtown were told not to wear suits for fear that they might look like the 1.
oh oh oh oh you know it boys!!!!!!!!
: thanks boys for helping me pick up all my pieces!
much love boys!!!
:
And I definitely learned a lot from this one.
Thanks for organizing.
Aloha!!
RT Well you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man..
no time to talk
That Alexa girl is so cute!!!
:
Watch live on 16WHAM this morning for information on tomorrow nights IFALLOFROCH Scavenger Hunt.
and a bed
but dedicated.
Its too the point where i dont believe no nigga .
In love wit my money instead.
it doesn't either
Can I get a RT for taking down 2 value meals from Culvers on my doctorve back from Indy today?
Yes, please explain the order.
I trust you're saying 'yikes' because you had to spend time in the land of Mitt?
I had 600 dollars on April 7th for my car, thanks to prom and other bullshit from school I have 300...
Thanks Kyle.
That was near Tikishla Park.
Yes, we screwed up, we're leaving it open for another hour!
new at 11...convenience store robbery caught on tape and police believe same men have hit several stores.
we'll tell you what they're after.
where youu live ?
my favorite person on twitter
can you check your DM please?
I haven't even been on twitter lately
y r chu in the hospital O.O
Yeah.
I can't wait to begin volunteering here though.
I miss being in a library.
Even if it is just a couple hours a week.
:
that formula one is back on the TV ..
Sunday's are for formula one
I bet he misses you.
A spot in the homerun derby with Mike Pelfrey as your pitcher.
A guaranteed win!
Its not an adventure until something goes wrong  Yvon Chouinard
planning and thinkin on st pats day
Modesty is not only an ornament, but also a guard to virtue.
From being in too many public mtgs I've learned that the ugly neon bike pin has given way to an ugly neon JOBS pin as a fashion statement.
CURSE THE FRENCH!
So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible
: lmaooooooo that was not intended for you.....shotdown keep on simone...
Our time got away from us and I realized we didn't get where we needed.
Sorry Jane.
So happy for one direction 3
10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope.
Today we have no Jobs, no Cash and no Hope.
My affection for her goes back to the sitcom version of E/R.
I agree id like to see Hope in sporting Blue
ificanthaveyou no one can
ah so tired
yup :3 does any celebrity follow you?
Santa Monica to Westwood in 11m flat.
In rush hour.
No traffic on the 405 or 10, what's going on LA???
hope you get better, sad to see you go down.
aw, and I think he could be cute.
So congrats on being cute and not someone who promotes binge eating on TV for money ;
in the arena of IP, as most others, Congress forced to compromise  see, e.g.
I'm tryin to be in shape by June 1st.
Nevermind the monthandahalf I told my coworker before he left for vacation last Friday.
Karma takes too long.
I'd rather just beat the crap out of you now.
thanks for keepin us in bizness!
RT Happy National Library Week and thanks for all the amazing work you do!
little?
I don't understand!
Could you tell about it ?
Platinum Partners Are Artists That Work Hard on their Music/etc that deserve to be recognized if you got what it takes shoot us a message
killer doctorss young lady!
Fighting the urge to unethically tweet during this ethics seminar.
Welcome new followers:
pops my claritan RT I'm starting to dislike the near death experience I go through every morning before I pop a Benadoctorl.
Brazil, second time.
First time on film.
I bought the Criterion boxset way back in September 2006
Yeah, but the trick is taxi dumps you at Amtrak door on 8th.
When I take the subway, I walk 8 mins inside Penn St.
And I mean that literally.
RT : Would likewise love a glass.
I really want one but I have a PS3, Xbox360, Tivo and Apple TV.
I only saw one extra compartment.
Travel Channel is showing shark fishing  anyone ever done this before?
lol Insane
ANSWER THE QUESTION!!!
HQ General Orders: To prevent any false alarm, notice is given, that the Riffle Battalion will discharge their arms tomorrow at noon.
In the 40s.
What a beautiful day in Chicago
she's GOOD...still in culture shock tryin to adjust to the heat lol
RT : In last 6 games, Babbitt has hit 13 of last 19 attempts from threepoint range.
Somewhere, is saying told you so
Sick.
now I have to Gargal Slat Water  doctornk Nasty Thermaflu Tea:
Um we don't know what that means, Gabriel.
cwebodymedia define key marketing strategy last, target market and product positioning first
Is there any concept or tradition in your culture that can be linked to the appreciation of older people and active ageing?
It revolves all around one person.
Sales of handset arm lifts Sweden39;s Ericsson in QI
what celeb do you think would marry me???
I'm at 3,920 tweets
cus you are the only exception
When your connection is too slow for instant, google tells you that you'll have to press enter to search.
Never would've figured that out!
I will take the guys out for lunch and a few doctornks
How's everyone's weekend going?
I got the potato salad done and working on some peach cobbler!
so sorry for the spam tweets.
let me know if it happens again!
thanks for the headsup,
I did it did what?
did it on it
poor kid .
especially in a room where im like ' idgaf shirts coming off' lol
Found out about a Technology  Mobility Symposium coming up in KC soon  POWER UP!
can't wait to get back to the office to tell everyone!
He is the bad guy.
Lines his pockets yr aftr yr, takes evry sub500 season directly 2 the bank.
He cares not about winning
chip added to the trouble
way to freaking go North Carolina.
Perhaps a mashup: Bacon Innovators!
I'm in, just let me know when.
Best birthday EVER!
It's me, Elkins.
How are you doing, skinny girl?
Looking forward to seeing you program next month...
more arrests second night.
Protesters assembled at plaza awaiting police action.
No apparent arrests yet though.
Specificallyit's at the Editors' Round Table.
GO KINGS GO
It had me pondering a followup to LA Noire set in 1975 and starring Jim Rockford.
Make it happen, !
a pic if you want.
Then he came over to make sure I got them haha and we kissed and sammie took my icon pic of us :
Forget about the business outlook,Be on the outlook for business.
I'm eating pasta but I'm craving for oatmeal raisin cookies D;
Thanks for stopping by!
I'm excited to join this band but I'm suck at playing Guitar so I got kicked out from the bandGerard
when we had to babysit Mark?
George Zimmerman should of been charged in the first Degree.
His intent was to kill.
Truth R.I.P
Off to pick up groceries.
No more classes till Monday.
Thank you collegebreakday you are much needed : lots to do this weekend!
Sleepless night again :
Not excited about the details of getting a brain ct scan, but I am interested in seeing what my brain looks like...I bet it's beautiful.
LOL
I meant I hope NOT that Justin Bieber is the new Elvis he is too babyish!
I know you may not change your oil very often, but when you do, use .
We come to you for a change!
We are so excited a about the Twitter Party are you ready to IgniteTheWriterWithin!
Come join us!!
We can't wait!
:
haha k thanks again :
And did you notice 's comment?
Well put!
It is hard to compete with Google and Amazon's interfaces...
Camera Shots
Pay your dues!
OU Regents are still in a closeddoor executive session.
They've been in there a LONG time.
Soon?!
I knew those muffins didn't stand a chance.
Nice job today.
day off, pay day, slept til 2, waterloo spring sale, kid at whole foods riding a bike on the patio wearing a cape  it's a good day.
The Quiet People Be The MAIN One You Never Expect It Then Its Like BOOM.!
You're too kind, Thanks for the shout out!
How are things over seas?
Happy Friday!
Im not very happy right now
I guess the gov thought people are too relaxed so they teamed up with the media to overinflate the hurricane impact.
we're subdued give up
My Big Fat FAKE Wedding starring...Kim Kardashian!
Gee...no surprise there.
AM is in before or after 5?
You're not goin' soft out there in Cali are ya?!
50 coupon from Men's Warehouse, yes please!
Underground Champion Mike Quackenbush will be doing a sit down interview with Greg Hunter.
he's a lucky muhfucka
Beautiful!
What'd you have?
Shooting poster picts for the TV show THE CODE.
L.A
RT : Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Best of luck to one of my favorite people at tonight's
DID YOU KNOW: doctorvers falling asleep in 2009 cost Americans 100 billion in damages and losses.
Got Sleep?
That is a powerful point.
Thanks for the mention!
Learning great tips at sm4np thanks to , , , , ,
RT : love that bread us too Shira!
cheers and have a great weekend!
Anyone else's kid ask if they can bring their plate to church, and when you say no, they pick up their waffle and say, waff cherch??
Med school isn't building blocks like that, it's more detail than you need...
have you been to medical school?
Forgot to plug my phone in.
Going offline for a while.
Ima keep doing me !
in 10th grade Josh Chandler was an accomplice in putting bath  body works hand sanitizer in my doctornk.
I was sick for 2 days 
DM us or send an email ASAP to to bring to
bhahahah should I forward u the texts?
Bhaha
Salsa  Montuno Swing at the Shattuck Down Low, Berkeley, Thursday 11/24
There is an antiaging possibility, but it has to come from within.
Susan Anton
ask a historian a question and you'll get s stack of books in response
May the fourth be with you.
Treat jar at work has been refilled...today is a good hump day
Don't nobody in Danville go to college.
Lol.
I would be up for it.
omg you went again?
Dx lol you have to take me!
miss you to:

mingo park ball field :/
I was really intrigued by the synopsis of READY PLAYER ONE so I look forward to your thoughts.
Happy ValentinesDay to the most beautiful woman in the world.
I love you, and miss you baby.
probably swallowed up in someone's cleavage.
:
Show tomorrow at The Grape Room in Manayunk.
Set starts at eight.
We will be performing at DeLunaFest2012!
Alongside etc.
Best real rock festival!
luv Vegas just showed up to hydoctorte us...thank god I could use something wet in my mouth
I want a web on wheels.
Then we'd be talking a seriously mobile web.
if it works then I will have found the perfect blogger tablet that will let me blog with embedded images
Google has a learning curve and it's not perfect now, but it's still in development.
Where love reigns the impossible may be attained.
hm confessions?
Someone help my infection has spread even more
Just updated the Facebook settings
Aspen Insurance chief Mario Vitale discusses 2012 market Mario Vitale is coCEO of Aspen Insurance in New York.
During the Risk  Insuran
Recovery is going very well.
Thanks!
My Nike GPS is booty, so no real data there.
Next time I'll wear my
May I Get Some More Followers ?
:DD
life without god is like a unsharpen pencils.
It has no point
Check this site out.
Its the best organic banana bread I have ever had.
: his manager needs to play the same lineup and quit fucking with their heads COULDN'T AGREE MORE!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Hi everyone!
I'm just catching up with all my favorite sites!
Happy Monday!
WSJ is saying Facebook IPO is set for May 18  makes sense why Zuck was on TV
I hope you're going to talk to phantom again since we're not talking...
Looking for a graduation doctorss : What store should I start with?
Nice to meet you
ready for bed.
too bad i am 7 hours away from that
Adoctorwork for the CBS pilot Three Rivers  shot right here in Pittsburgh.
: only on fb you can cure cancer by liking a link and here by RT
omg no haha.
I wish : ive been trying to win some on KIIS but its hopeless.
call it a tie?
I guess you stepping your game up seeing as how you always having gay guys trying to hit on you.
swag pow jp lol
Thanks for the FF!
Happy Friday.
:
The Basma Hameed Clinic is donating Areola Reconstruction to Breast Cancer SurvivorsAvon Walk June 23
Best student email subject line ever: I am confused.
...
the family here is really going to miss you.
Please come visit us!
I got a 5 kit from Target and some seed packets  we'll see if the pepper plants ever appear.
hey justin, just making sure that you're back on track.
LOL.
Given that he left some in the smoker last night that is a plausible scenario...
I wish my friend had a twitter or fb
You're running through my mind, and i don't know why, but i guess i still miss you..
Lol!
Exactly what I said.
Hollywood is cruel.
youtube Dolly the pitbull.
Kind of same story.
Looks just like my Brock.
I cried.
Recession?
What?
Millionaire doctorps 190,000 on hovercraft
LOL.
Word.
We should.
One more though.
Why is that chick Kisha so greasy?!?!
Sheeeeeesh!
LOL!
the end.
Saturday.
I'm in a mood.

one of many : much as i love cheese a Scottish accent is also a delight....dare i throw in Gerad Butler?
haha I'm just cool like that: lawlzz
I vote for both!
U and me against da world
Winter is com Nope, nevermind.
Carry on.
Game of Thrones character in Los Angeles
I do not get herringbone and houndstooth.
Okay, okay, back to work.
Hopefully you'll all still be around when I get home later!
really?
:o are yiu a junior?
I'm On My Way Sun!
I'd rather you tell me to hit you later, because you gotta finish a paper then to be in my face asking for a rosea cup 
LUMINARIA FOLLOW ME.
FOLLOW ME.
FOLLOW ME.
FOLOW ME.
The only thing I knew how to do was to keep on keepin' on...like a bird that flew.
Hanging out at the dog park at Third and Bell.
I really, really, really miss the Weims.
: /
I must hav carpenter in my family...cuz i Nailed it
If it were up to me you'd be out.
wow, thats a new alltime low for that place...keysnhand!?
Try To Have More Faith and Less Fears, Try To Express It To Your Peers
So take me back take me back to the place where, I can get more swiss rolls.
current SAG contacts and AFTRA contacts all stay in effect until they expire and then we'll have  oneunion negotiating for us
aww this reminds me of us singing as loud as we could in your moms suv : ten thousands spoons when all you need is a knife
Lenore Wolf, a lovely lady in her 90s, is talking about progressive education in NM and how it's evolved over the last 20 yrs
Huh, I'll have to check it out then.
I can come visit you right?
Brazilians chart crime w/ online interactive maps: on.undp.org/pXPwa2 ICT4D MT
Night gang.
And for all the moms out there, have a wonderful day of getting spoiled tomorrow.
Thanks for the shoutout!
i just looked at the pics, it looks like she just ran up and got a quick pic...
shes uhmm....
yeah
Got a Condo on my wrist girl Im cashing out!
that bad eh?
Yeah I was surprised, I haven't found a lot of people like that in Pittsburgh
Shiznit!
The temp went up by 15 degrees in the last two hours.
Hot and humid now, boo 8
thank you Maurice Sendak for never really growing up...
Ugh hate when my mom acts stupid!
She doesn't want to take me to get a doctorss for my girls quince!!
I've been telling her about it since Aug.
: Tip: Something is unique or it's not, so no need for most in most unique on the Sosh request popup panel.
Fuck commercials mann!
I support all types of marriage.
I want them 2 allow a marriage 2 b between more than 2 people.
Polyamory!
i dont tlk to him like that doe ;p
The Street: Angry Birds and toothpaste?
OCRegister
This is the first international match I've been to without a rooting interest.
Should be interesting.
Keep fighting  Derrick Bell was a genius  nothing to be ashamed of supporting him.
live music series is amazing.
If you are not hip,get hip!
Today in 1946  The First Indochina War began when Viet Minh operatives attacked French military positions and homes in Hanoi.
Thanks, Linda!
I can always count on you.
All I have to do is avoid one day of MadMen spoilers.
I'm gonna watch it tonight!!
Idk if it will work.
This is all 's fault.
Great seeing you  such a marvelous conversation about politics of dh, the academy, and scholarly communication.
thanks for the RT Serg!
Are you ready for Sunday?
Loved the article!
HHEY HEY HEY IM like ha ha ha ha ha Loving life rt now
thanks for the share Kim!
Have a great day tomorrow!
I know they cause pollution, but whenever I see an escaped balloon flying past the towers in the city, all I can think is Go Balloon!
Go!!
As long as its cleared, its fine.
OccupyAtlanta.
Maybe Mayor Reed should notify the police that are occupying the civic ctr...
Cox B  integrating Xactly comp with your or CRM is as easy as clicking a few buttons
what will you be exhibiting?
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.
Julius Caesar
Wow!
The energy on stage at tonight's performance of Wicked was amazing, so inspiring!
I can't sleep!
Since when has it became okay to post your tits everywhere online, I thought they were one of your private parts damn i didnt get the memo
Gettin doctorssed to go see my lil bro off to prom lol
doubt it.
yeah .
you do .
Had a very productive day.
Got a lot accomplished and spent time w/ my .
had the best off day ever
Chillin with him for the 3rd time today 
I got Take Charge Indy to win the Derby today
Are you saying protecting turtles isn't important?
Or just not as important?
lol they still make those....I remember as a lil bigger nigga I had one..it was the lil mini ones
Merry Christmas!
Operation Christmas Child party at Hope midhi gym 8:30 Friday  listen to 90.7 KLOVE for Christmas Music might win CDs!
Just fyi, his handle is There's a typo on the slide.
Filling in my movie gaps with Renoir's THE RULES OF THE GAME.
lol please add must also take care of little sister haha
Nice to see the Norfolk win breathe some life into a pretty bland tourney so far even if it screws my brackets.
And I'm STILL all broken up about Steve Jobs' death.
You'd think a good night's sleep would have straightened me out.
cc:
Closing books for 2009  hoping 2010 is a much better year
thank you so much!!!!
I will do it.
Here's a question for ya..
How is it possible that the Heavy Metal Box Set includes Hanoi Rocks but not AC/DC?
fellow Ohioan!
Come play Quizzo with us so we can talk about how awesome Ohio is!
wht time is it were u live
If you need some quick money/work RT : I need someone to work a hot dog machine from 3:307 today and 118 tomorrow.
8 / hr
I have to talk crap while I can before it all crumbles to dust :
thank god you found him.
Would have been crAzy to see pappardelle legba on a milk carton
night u guys oh ya i txted you my number
Hosting a commercial shoot with today!
lol I'll show you later:
Ran in2 my friend Brenden who is recovering from throat cancer  did a 47mile interboro bicycle ride this weekend.
I'm now a fucr!
I was seriously thinking that !
: I'm suprised Nicks favorite basketball team isn't the Nuggets.
great cant complain wby?
I have Ricky Gervais handcuffed in the trunk of my truck.
Let me know if you want him to take over.
I asked myself the same question about that movie.
I liked it as a kid but watching it now...
Ehh
We have just opened Oh Fish!
and we are so excited.
Come check it out on 19th street and get some sushi !
Go to www.moxieagency.com to see our submission process.
You can send 1 full scriptloglines/synopsis of others.
Thx!
why do some people take such pride in their ignorance of twitter?
o'reilly
Want to learn salsa on one?
Live in DC, MD, or VA?
Then visit the Arlington , va cultural center starting on march 13 to sign up for classes
Me either!
: i cant find the picturess :/
if my parents weren't such buttheads  would've let you come over.
:
Vintage Brooch Bridal BouquetsBridal Bulletin  vintage brooches
I wish bro.
Maybe SA but thats about it.
USA for you?
Brooke and I are so jealous of ...
I mean, look at that shirt!
Thanks for the retweet baby..xo
OK...My name is RAY, and make sure it's in an intimate spot.
:P LOL!
j/k ;
Looking forward to a great day..
game then to for Zoo A La Carte.
Goin for the sweep today..
Go Brewers!
Passionate presentation about the growth possibilities in North Africa after the Arab spring by doctor El Haddad
so fluffy!
Can't wait to see all of you soon.
...it's no wonder bra...
Get it?
crickets
must I think of everything?!
Great job doctor Jeremy Pickard, speaking on workforce development in Yemen by Comm colleges
doctoram Girls is only a week away.
I'm ready!!!!
I hope you are ;
I need kush like now
hard to feel sorry for a bunch of crybabies millionaires then they have the nerve to ask about the hard working fans
may 9 is always a good day for a b day!
Please enlighten us RT GOP need to recheck what free speech means...
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune.
Jim Rohn
We at 43 LIKES!
Let's get 75 before tonight!!!
SALUTE!!!
Leo Siblings: They will order you around, compete for your parents affections, and disappear when its time to do the dishes.
So true 4 me
its okaai haa why would i say that to you LMAO .
!
xD
RIP Donna Summer
not true.
I think little 5 got the best of me this week!
never sir STARGANG for life haha
yes very true.
they should be equipped, but often are not.
Maybe thats because so many interpretations of it?
my future wife :
Wade buddy, you are NOT a 3 pt shooter !
your welcome lols.
I'm Alexis :.
Yes, you are orange  no, it does not look natural.
I'm the biggest cheapskate though!
Haha and then the fear of having to get rid of it again also comes to mind.
Really is sad commentary you can't enter a playground w/o being accompanied by child.
Imagination Playground looks great.
Fun I do not think it means what you think it means.
Do you have a funny/epic party story from this weekend??
; Reply and get a free sample of the Closing Time Hangover Supplement!
hmm, ok, is it when there are multiple folks browsing the same site at once?
PromTheme or BoatName A Moment in Time
Lol omg I miss you to!
:
hey girls im just a kid and u dont have to reply cause i know ur like full but i wanna say u girls are amazing!
The Juilliard Jazz Orchestra is getting ready for their upcoming jam with on 10/25 at the Alice Tully Hall!
when you were down here before you left haha anela took it
Man, if they only knew how completely UNEVENTFUL 99.9 of my colleagues/friends/fam is...
Supposed to go out to dinner with my wife's family on Saturday night.
Game 7 obviously same night.
May hang myself.
You're not sorry
This has turned into a full blown weekend of rehearsing.
Damn!
What!
Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
What a day raining and windy.
Ready for bed but I need some company tough :
CONGRATS!!
Babies are such a blessing.
3
In Music Meeting Karen Elson The Ghost Who Walkssweet!
learned it's produced by Jack White a beautiful song re: brutal murder
Another blunder.
Hoops foul Indy at half court with game tied.
Trey Lyles hits fts to pull off upset 7573.
OMG IT'S NOT A BOTHER AW SWKJDSOFJD SO ARE YOU XOXOXOXOXOX o I tend to do that
just watched Memphis on Netflix
Still thinking about Saturday nights dinner Yum!!
Know how to manage deadlines.
Good Karma heading south from Chicago!
why isn't the story about bo's systemic issues that caused JU to leave?
hahahaha u hate love more than Anything!
Boyfriend needs 5.8 million views in 24 hours, 241600 views per hour, 4027 views per minute to break the record.
WATCH BOYFRIEND VIDEO!
such a nice day and I'm stuck in bed..
ugh!
MSG is back!
watchin my knicks play da hornets
S/O TO MY BRO GO FOLLOW HIS VOICE.
The world is covered in dippin dots!
We should all be disgusted with Kanye West.
I won't be buying any of his music again.
Such behavior deserves no forgiveness.
Ban Kanye!
thanks for sharing both of those.
got the live slides up on slideshare but hoping to sync with audio.
will tweet if it works.
:
Babcock on Nick  he's too good to quit
Thanks for tweeting our blog!
Reinecke, the firstround leader at the MSSB with a 73, shot a 40 today.
Tournament shortened fo 27 holes due to a late start and a delay.
Chlorella, Spirulina, is blue green pond scum the answer to a toxic lifestyle?
ok I got you
One year ago today Fat Turtle was in China eating delicious herbinfused food courtesy of Mayway Corp!
Great trip, great company!
thanks again for mine!
:
I will be teaching a One Day Audition Technique Workshop for actors and directors in LA Sunday Nov.
8th www.actorsintensive.com
OH DARN !
.
Is the 130 pound catch close to any record?
DJ KJ versus Edith on Violin Returns on Friday June 17th to SUITE
I don't remember there NAMES but I can REMEMBER that NIGHT!
ugh our HC Execs were in elementary...
Want to save ?
Place your orders via our website and dont pay any upcharges for sizes 2XL6XL.
Call/email us and get registered today!
Cant make it this week, have plans already.
RT ur gonna be a Packers fan yet!!!
Love it!
And let's not forget your bullshit excuses when you see another guy's dick..
er please
Indy make it quick OK?
Best of Luck, Luck!!!
Excited to be headed to the sm4np conference in richmond with my coworker get ready for some tweets!
I wonder how long will it take b/f people don't know why we say roll the window down?
DesireThursdays in the spirit of sisterhood  what is a desire that you have for another sister?
or brother?
why is it always pouring rain when I want to go for a long walk????
:P rain!!!
i like a little rain, but all day...
days in a row nothnx:p
For Serious people in the industry, Call63GONOW to reserve and connect with Labels  Managers.
.
.
Austin: What's your name?
Me: 'My Future Wife' Austin: Everyone, this is My Future Wife.
Audience:..
Austin:..
Me:..
Austin: wait a minute..
Shout out to FOLLOW For a quick
Actually a pretty cool version of the song.
Although I like almost everything Tweedy does.
Funny guy too.
Trade in the works?
Just had our first experience in SF after waiting 25 mins for a cab to NOT show up.
Hedi our doctorver was awesome!
I'm staying in the hotel that they filmed the episode of full house in.
It was at an event at Levante's last night.
But, I know of some secret plans to bring delicious khachapuri to DC at large...
which restaurants?
Happy early birthday :3!
Start up WANTS investor or Partner!
Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers!
LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shoppin
Why is whip my hair trending?
RT : That's now 8 players from the Chargers '94 Super Bowl team who have died one way or another.
So awful...
The Promo Video for my Upcoming Single: Rehab will be on Youtube Next Sunday!!!
It will be shot in LAX, Beverly Hills, Hollywood  More.
Your possessions are an extension of your person.
Keep your attire freshly cleaned and pressed as often as possible.
next to the condoms and butt plug.
Thanks!
Glad you like the solar lights!
that looks great!
Virgin thrusts past us desperate to go all the way before the light fades.
We trundle on regardless.
damnit, you beat me to it!
Checking out
w.e
he is indeed a muthafuckin BOSS.
his beard is so fierce
Sending a special thank you to all the MADMEN fans that came out to the Season 5 Premiere Watch Party What a good time!
no problem!
I  Jesus, thank you for everything
What do u n ur friends do?
Smoke.
Tan.
Workout
hey how are you??
This is the first time we've talked on twitter in months.
Where have u been, lol.
Oh wait, that was me.
:
One of the worst things ever is sharing your testimony and then being misunderstood long after it was shared.
We're in for the challenge...spend 5 on Made in USA product...
Absolutely gorgeous Saturday for from 105, block party at 3pm and Gallery Walk from 710.
Really excited to see ray kurzweil!
Poor thing!
At beauty in the beast with the family.
We own this theater.
No one dare sit with pornoy family!
At least I actually meant what I said..
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
hold up while I go make another Twitter account lol
Don't miss the oppertunity, join www.TheGymPro.com for FREE!
Use promo code fit during the sign up process, the memberships r going quick!
MustacheMonday is back for Round 2.
Show us your 'stache today for 10 off your bill!
Thank you for the follow nice to see you on here too!
Look forward to your tweets.
With what has happened to me and someone I love this year, I wish someone had told me not to watch last night's Private Practice.
Dammit.
csp24.
On my way.
Are ya doin a good job?
I cried myself to a nap..
Haha I was worried about someone
homework, tanning, laundoctor YOLO
what a brilliant thing to say...
I was thinking Moldova but Lithuania serves up the most fabulous blynai, so you might be on to something.
The line to try clothes on here is forever long.
I LOVE END OF STORY.
Of course I condemn what Somaliland s doing to civilians living SSC region.
No one should ever lose their life cuz their tribe
Watching you guys mom, on TheTalk so cool!!
:
As soon as it starts to get warmer out, girls seem to stop wearing any type of clothing...
Went shopping today with and the kiddos!
Now it's naptime.
RT : arlcni11 Lombardi, says think about the value to the institution rather than value to micro constituencies
That piece of glass that i had stuck in my hand all week is finally gone.
The irony is, the derby skills teacher is currently injured.
But when she's back in commission I'll inquire.
:
yes.
She got suspended.
Update SD on your specials post locationbased classified listings on our free app!
We can show you tomorrow at 57Degrees
great day for it!
Wonderful riding with you!
Thanks!
I love those tweets too!
So true
I don't see how people could spend over 50 dollars in a gas station
Honored to speak at 's conference yesterday.
Kris Perry and Molly Munger are making a real difference for young kids in California!
Alright then lets go then!:
so what does get through?
where's my bowl of soup?
lol that looks so yummy!
Oh, I offend you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I kept to myself.
I'm such a faggot for yolo
so regretting opening this!
Man it sucks being the ugly friend.
:
Hey!
Saw that you guys are hiring for a CTO.
I love to help you out.
Looking for someone with Nosql experience is tough.
Your Vet will also advise you on the dental care that can be performed at home every day.
Its a layinbednakedwithChocolate Puddingkindadayeh?
i will not : like we could hangout sunday or somfinn cause we have no school monday!
Authority  Give authority to some people and they grow; give it to others and they swell.
Killed That OVA ....OMS.!
You're in Corona, right?
Have you seen any SD County teams play yet?
all these blessings to you too!!
That is a fantastic idea!
You rock!
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
me too n I'm a Scorpio
Author or artist?
Beyond Words: The Writer's Art showcases visual art famous writers, in the Special Collections Library
I have one : how many times has your boyfriend checked up on you since we've started fighting?
Have you moved a room?
Reynolds: If we do come up with a agreedon happiness measure, what next?
my bestfriend is so beautiful!
RT : .
has put out two tweets on the report of shots fired, plus suspect description
thanks mister!
Let the wild rumpus start!
:D Haha, no, no, I would doctorve you to the ER in a heartbeat, no pun intended!
Dear asshole parents , take your childoctorn off leashes they're not animals
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Have you ever wanted to use your phone to open your door  call us for
Lol....
I can't help it.
IChaseMoney not bitches  hoes..
I want to become tear jerkin country singer.
I have a midterm but I'm just listening to Taylor swift
I just yelled.
but you are so correct?
Why is homeland and USDA buying all this ammo?
Overthrowing the government?
great info on gas prices....where can I find out more about Ed Wallace.
To Live Doesn't Mean You're ALIVE
My boyfriend understand and listens my feelings : , I love that .
thank you all for this new found knowledge that avocado is a fruit...i didn't know either..
hahaha
It's blackout night at the local bath house.
Thinking about hitting it up.
I need a good fucking.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites!
Come Follow us
they're penguins.
I'm not a sports fan but it will be interesting to see how this plays out.
Taking notes is so boring .
I rather just practice practice  practice until I get it right 
I'll chant unlimited blade works for you next time on chat.
:3
bossman is watching some video with RIDICULOUS canned background music.
swear to god, it's a concertina.
Roommate fantasizin bout girls right now !
LMAO !
RT Tonight we partying for MCA BeastieBoys You gotta fight for your right to party !
Thanks, but not at the moment.
When are you playing at Blu?
Do you prefer whole bean or doctorp grind?
i think so
Reading Pema Chodoctorn's When Things Fall Apart.
HEALTH CARE AND MENOPAUSE  The Cypress Times
yea me i just sign up this morning and i have 3 followers already yea me
Listening to present at ASTD 2012 on social media for trainers, and easily winning my nomination for most engaging speaker!
: this is truly sad.
I think Steve Kerr likes the Warriors......
A lot!!!
So we're setting up our email and website right now.
We'll keep you posted.
Retweeting for days.
strong spring storms are nice though.....it smells so god outside now!!!!!
Oh.
This second beer takes me to 1 Weight Watchers weekly points for the week.
The week ends Sunday.
WTG me!
arvo2010: Comparison of Photopic and Mesopic Visual Function in Early doctor AMD Patients and Healthy Controls  Sunita Saigal, May 2, A307
follow us on Twitter.
We are in you new York network!
3 tweet deck
Its not Ryan for sure
honestly, i don't believe that my heart would have held together.
Ah we are going to read Romeo  Juliet for 2 hours.
Noo  I rather play and run in PE instead of Reading for 2hrs.
Right ?
Thanks for RT ing!!
Thank you Carillo Family for your kind thank you letter.
We are happy to make your house beautiful with your new Stucco!
We send our love out to Tiki The doctorgon and her owners tonight.
But you won't jump.
Happy mothers day.
Especially to the bitch who gave birth to my son Paisley wherever you are.
Hope you get your butt sniffed today!!
yes ma'am!
i'm on Youtube : but i'm not popular on their lol.
Trying to convince myself I'm not sleepy.
Holidays are here.
Working with the elves on Christmas programs.
Come see.
Our best from FCS.
I can post it or if u DM ur email addoctorss I'll send it to ya!
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is doctoramless, soulless and visionless
CARE OF ME.
GIDEON AS A GATE KEEPER, AND MICHAEL IS A WARRIOR, HE SLAYS THE DEMONS ALL THE TIME.
THAT IS MICHAELS CALLING.
awoken from a nice nap by one of the worst dog farts ever
Up early listening to , getting pumped for my four day weekend!!!
Still trying to win something lowkey, lol
amazing time at PortfolioReviews!
damn i love NYC!
At times when you innovate, you make mistakes.
It is best to admit them fast, and get on with enhancing your other innovations.
: the death penalty is barbaric and outdated.
Totally agree.
Leave them in prison if the crime justifies it.
Lots of great volunteers in our office today to help prepare a mailing.
So great to have our office hustling and bustling again!
Tough times for Turks on border with Syria  The Guardian
been good just busy with work and trying to find a better one is hard
Thanks for bringing this to our attention.
Has something been going wrong with the connection?
Which location?
Thanks!
i have to wait 54 days till i can get believe ...
THIS SUCKS : thats 20 days after it comes out
RT : Heading to Cleveland today for conference on bus rapid transit.
call it a nite, What a game Kobe played.
nite folks.
aint no time wastesleep is precious.
I've been meaning to listen to Starlito here lately
Haha!
I will miss you, my late night deck party partner :
Thanks!
Hope you can make it tomorrow, and we'll see you Wednesday!
Wow JaneSeymour looks amazing on
Great Horse jumping competitions at South Point Casino, free admission, if your in Vegas you should check it out!
It's a lot of fun!
Not really.
You already knew that outcome.
And it lasted all of 3 minutes.
don't mess around, go see a doctor
A woman is like a tea bag  you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
Eleanor Roosevelt
apparently its Worst than Bitch hah
thanks so much for the mention!
Q2 I taught a student how to use the databases.
Next time he came, he said he wanted to do it himself.
Body language said success.
Love me some Praise Chorus.
Thnx
Did it hurt?.....
when you fell from the whore tree, and banged every guy on the way down?
I've seen her standing in the yard, she's barefoot in her cutoff jeans.
Planting flowers so the house can sell, and pulling up weeds.
when r u home from sin city.
Video shoot was perfect, thanks to everybody who came out to support..
.
Lil Meta ft.
Schife  Whole Package
just got back home, checking it out now brotha!
welcome to the family!
I've gotta remember, never get out of the boat.
following the Gogol didn't help
people need to chill!: do hate, appreciate ;D haha
Send C.O.D.
and I'll hang it over my mantelpiece.
on KBEACH global radio Weds 11am12pm PST Stay tuned for DJ Mikey at noon!
All but dissertation.
Finish my last core class on Monday, hope to have proposal done in 23 weeks.
Run of the Mill Theater is now on Twitter!
Hello fellow Bawlmer twits!!!
I don't deserve to be treated like this.
ONE RUN GAME!
76 Cardinals!
WhatIveLearned ; Not To Runaway From My Problems
so he says i'm fing a Brandon.
So I need only Brandon's to call me
Went and watched October Baby tonight.
SO good.
I love any movie/show John Schneider is in.
if you were a girl, you'd understand
really excited about this 1, was the 1 talk my team UNANIMOUSLY voted that I needed to attend on their behalf
Dating in the Dark is my new favorite tv show.
And we're back.
They're also playing People's Court at the bar I'm at  so I'm a little distracted.
what???
Hahaha...your secret is safe with us.
The rest of the twitterverse, well, I'm not so sure.
A kiss in the rain would be nice.
:D
Everybody lies, but it doesnt matter since nobody listens.
This whole not eating thing is really old.
Why in the he'll is tooth pain the worse kind of pain, been trying to avoid the f dentist, but I'm loosing the battle...
checking out intentional 50s retro themed diner in UKV.
VERY insightful and inlightening.
Wonderful piece, Chris!
We got your app, Darcy!
So excited to have you!
We'll be in touch!
Hurrah!
Txt me im ao bored
I wish I had more skills.
You know, like nunchuku skills, bow hunting skills, computer hacking skills...
nothing a lot of Pisco sours cant solve
don't worry  at least your situation is honest.
people at startups have them ..
but not really.
Pride only hurts.
It never helps.
Calling all studentradio peeps out there: who is making sciencerelated podcasts, or doing independent indepth reporting?
: We needed a new ILS.
asked how hard can it be?
Famous last words...
Please don't judge Reds fans by the rude tweets you received last night.
They don't speak for Reds country!
Thanks to all of the speakers at
AND follow/like these sweet bands!
Creeper in target that's been following me stops me to say  great boots, very sexy...
Men are so gross, gag me...
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better.
You are the Hero you have been waiting for.
RT Don't forget Cadillac Flambé tonight.
They should start around 9:30p.
Should go well with a Stone Smoked Porter.
In 1871, doctor J.
W.
Carhart, professorssor of physics at Wisconsin State University, and the J.
I.
Case Company built a working steam car.
Framing thoughts around an AI cuz it crystallizes them.
really just exploring the emergence of strategy in games.
Yes, Twircles.
Although I think Twillist has a certain ring to it too.
: I won't be there, but I look forward to seeing it
It figures the ONE TIME I don't mail in my taxes via registered mail, that my check gets lost.
Awesome.
that's what my mom calls me.
Jamester the Hamster
ooh what is it?!
K, whatever then, I tried.
Not gonna give my 100 if you won't.
It takes two people to solve a problem like this and I'm not
Member Appreciation Day begins at 9.
All DC throught Tier 2 flowers are discounted!!
it's all for you ;
No one guessed 79 in GuessAnumber!
2 closest Tweeps were and They each get a free 7 cheesecake!
THX for playing!
Just got twitter spam from an expert who can help me get tons and tons of twitter followers!!!
.
.
.
he had four followers.
Yes, super yay!
And weirdly, Burke showed up to the party even when we didn't explicitly invite him
Dear Hasbro.
Please send a representative to my office to receive a punch to the neck.
Thank you.
the cone of shame!
Haha
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeeeaahhh
I wrote a song called BEEF FRENZY that might work.
Another thing I learned from about Indian culture  arranged marriage is like the original form of networking with strong ties
; had a good day 3 babysittin' tonight, church with Ashton tomorrow, then stayin' the night; shopping Monday 3 my kinda weekend :
radical mix
She wanna love me long time the korean massage lady that is lol
RT : What's most important in keeping teachers in their jobs?
on 810 WHB for the call.
ESPN for the moving picture box.
: I'm Jefferson Smith, and I might still be running for mayor!
pdxvotes
Ok I'm convinced.
Going to see Redtails tomorrow.
11 couples i know have gotten engaged within four months.
not looking to pay rape
who is the Jerry West of the MLB logo
Expert Marble Cleaning  Polishing.
Satisfaction Guaranteed!
Call Us
I hold it that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical.
Smile...
Don't smile!
New complex medical product:sales force training typically oneshot event; leads to suboptimal sales effectiveness rampup, lost 
Let your mind wander great article
Excited to see San Diego to come together in September to show support 4 the incredible work Amor does!
Jacob Dowling: Truth is....
I need a spanish english dictionary to read most of my friends posts
FirstEdition asks Did u hear the one about the naked guy  PDX ?
If you haven't  you will next w/
Wake Up In Your Makeup mentors over 5000 technicians all over the world.
We are passionate about what we do!
Sex sex sex....do I have your attention, good cuz I was jus bullshittin
wish you the best bro, I know the feeling
Our Greatest Year, good laughs fr Robert Attenweiler and Scott Henkle, both grads of last show 8 Sat
btw I didn't know there was a contest to be won.
Now I'm sleepy and am about to climb into bed.
Goodnight xo
The freshmen at Wendy's piss me off so much lmfao

I've been using the same email addoctorss the entire time I've been on HootSuite  now my email addoctorss doesn't exist?
Help?
Watching blood and bone on Netflix and it still looks like I am watching a copy of a bootleg
you inspire me!
Option 1, definitely :
Thx, having a ball so far.
the fun level is at an all time high.
:
I guess I am doing all the wrong things in building a true business .
Anyone out there that can help .
Who has made real money ?
How t/f did i trip up stairs.?!
that's my Gl jam though
Good night!
Each day I learn something new about myself!
Love life!!
:
Expiring for love is beautiful but stupid.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 29
Is the difference between challengebased learning and projectbased learning just semantics?
Yep I remember sitting at the desk setting up scene thinking this Warden got the good stuff
Think I'm becoming nocturnal
so it seems.
Ey, thanks, girl!
That was nice of you to say!
Be releasing new tracks soon!!
I actually like doing the backend web stuff.
I'm a weird hybrid: major content writer and coder.
I like being a writer better :
I was honestly surprised at how much of a difference my low dosage has made for me.
Still get sad/depressed, but not extreme.
SHUT UP DAJUAN....FOOD IS GOOD!
All Ih Do IS THINK OF YHU , DAY  'nd Night :
Chocolate pudding  a food of diabetes and a friend of my chocolate craving.
D.I.P.
Your sense of humor is one of the many reasons why we miss you around here already.
FF Stream our debut EP on facebookmyspace!
Thank you!
I hope so too!
and I am a HUGE fan so we will meet in the middle!
; hope you get your 1,000 followers!
We are working on providing free wifi for travelers.
Stay tuned for updates later this year.
Tahoe Rim Trail.
If only my colleagues would suck it up and get out of the office.
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOLKS!!!
WE BOUT TO GET REAK CRUNK!!!
TIME FOR SOME doctorNKS!!
U READY?
lol yeah, I just got a blister but its pretty much gone now.
Man Accused of Stabbing Victim in Eyes with an Antenna and Knife  :: Cincinnati news story :: ManAccusedofStabbingVictiminEyes
Miami weather is fantastic...now that I am thawed out!
Now on to that next 2005 Barossa Shiraz that I have become so fond of!
On life dat shit stay on repeat
The contest corresponds with Toronto Indy race weekend and is running from July 5 through July 10
Uhh haven't watched greys anatomy in years...forced to watch the finale...
WTF!!!!!!
Talk about intense!
RT RT The weekend is here, time for DJs to shine  wannabes to whine  that is the Gospel
All Leiningen fires have been extinguished.
Github code always beats macports.
Checking out some tapas  specialty doctornks at Bossa Nova for a late saturday dinner.
Excited, but I feel out of my element a bit lol.
Insomnia?
Really?
No sleep on the last day I have to write a final?
FML.
Ventured into NMHN today  had a blast.
I forgot how awesome it is.
Diamonds, mummies, and live butterflies all in one museum.
Love it!
Lusztig on maternal education films orphans8 how to give birth, raise childoctorn..
From 20s to early 80s The Motherhood Archives.
Football starts next week...
Came back to soon
thanks.
thank you.
I'm just a garden variety guy trying to suit up and show up each day.
The rest is out of my hands.
:
What kind of events would you like to see at The Paper Box?
I don't think there's a way to do that as part of the plugin  might be possible to hack it.
You and me both.
It's like KC is getting part of it's motor back.
Just need Sal back to be complete again.
he is such an asshole!
lol ha ha, so u guysg had me on anything today?
Awful visual.
Effective, though, I guess?
nigga, get online :D
Stop rigging the deck!
rare occasion I get to watch TPIR but enjoying all the Browns action !
doctorw rocks.
Happy Valentines Day!
Thank u for including in this delicious list of dairyfree foods!
I love sweet potato fries with horseradish sauce
Yes  Traffic Manager  read the description!
:
Amen!
Their kid lives are being taken away.
They need to enjoy these years...
lol jk im just really bitchy right now.
You can't force something that's not there...
I suppose you now realize how much of a bitch you really are.
You let tinkerbell punk your coward ass.
BELIEBERS!
Follow they follow back  have amazing tweets :  GO.
A good 10 years after my first attempt, I still have no clue how to walk in high heels.
Reno is such a strange strange city.
I'm having a bit of culture shock!
It's going down Mon 10/10 at Cathouse.
Can you come do the running man?
Hey  other movie music folks: Was ANY new music written for Batman  Robin?
It all sounds like tracks repurposed from Forever.
Watermelon is the ice cream of angels.
playing mw3 in the same room with two tvs omg
Awww sweet pic of you and your girls have a very happy new year!!
Appreciate you taking time out to help us make it better at the Harvest Dinner!

PIMP STANCE 
FF shout out to TCDisrupt Battlefield finalists: and winner
thanks for the follow Robin!
Gary broke one of my Texas wine country glasses and I loved to Texas to replace it.
Steve's getting off easy!
Dinner:eggs,toast,  my BurnT BACON oO
Christmas shopping with my mom....
I fuck with girls wearing blue jeans with white stitching.
I don't fuck with girls wearing loose fitting shirts that resemble lamp shades
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear , happy birthday to you!
Googling old friends, only to find that one lost her battle with depression in 2005 at the age of 29.
yeah, ricour says marx, nietzsche and freud
It's a pitchers dual in Colorado!!
Hahaha...always love my Giants!!
I got some joints!!!
My 3 yr old created a new word to describe something that happened a few days ago lasterday what words do your kids come up with?
How is everyone this Tuesday?
good ima check yo fat ass too!
ill have you know I changed my own head light bulb by myself...
Thx!
I think so, 2!
I'm studying Holocaust Studies, but tend 2 get mixed reactions as far as people interested in the subject
The Black Keys AND Sleigh Bells Dec 7th at the Crystal.
Wowzers.
Thanks for the giveaway!
There were so many entries I didn't think I'd win.
Many games to go play 'cause of this Steam sale...
Nerve racking.
I actually might have a party this year for my birthday lol.
the planning so far isn't bad
We are going to be an official entity soon, registered with ASCAP, etc.
It's getting real over here.
I know hunz :
The awkward moment when your crush asks you who you like.
I 3 you more than flannel.
you better do it then!

Allow yourself to be inspired.
Allow yourself to succeed.
Dare to excel.
With all the nitpicking about LeBron's finishing this past year, he was still the best player in the league by a wide margin.
Tune in to WVEC 13 News at 5 for story about the Autism program at EVMS and how its making a difference for patients like Travis Meeks!
lie down with me, my dear, lie down under stormy night, tell nobody
Anyone have suggestions for andoctorid tablet ideally with ice cream sandwich.
sometimes i just wanna say fuck it!!!
Too bad we didn't get the shut out but the D was quite impressive today.
Marcia Brady is 54 today?
That's depressing.
Modified sudden death overtime totally sucks!
Officially registered for 5K in Cleveland.
Suppose I should start running?
This fat kid is so cracked out
Cash money brother's
Now THAT is funny : : We won't believe unless we see pictures of you dancing on your desk ;
That he is.
I wish all dogs had the like you and Brink lead.
yeah man i got the same number
This week is starting out good.
: As cool as trick frisbee shots sound, they are never worth watching
Or fear of being late.
Ha!
WeLoveNiall because it's May 16..
Never take a good thing for granted
Aint nothing wrong with strippin to me , in my Eyes .
All you doing is dancing  making money ..
5 c's: communication, creativity, character, critical thinking, collaboration
doctoram no small doctorams for they have no power to move the hearts of men
I am Hebron Sweeties
i hope Terrence is ok, I dont know if we can win this game without him
RT : Merrill Hoge says sticking your kid on a couch with a donut and an Xbox  more dangerous than letting them play football
People who break bro code with me  GO THE FUCK HOME.
Q: role of fear in teaching!
J has two scary stories she tells.
Romeo and Juliet 3
Buuuuuuuuub::!
Hey you:!
When am I gonna see you and June again:?
In ebook record the interesting 500 note: includes internet access.
Really?
Internet access comes with the ebook?
Intrigued.
Skeptical.
I'm pretty sure I was in beastmode today when I was working out
Tomorrow is def gonna be a long day!
Talked to the same customer 6 times this morning.Then,his son decided to call me and discuss the same issues with me this afternoon.
Why me?

500 startups for demo day tonight
WhyYouMadThough he never liked you in the first place and you knew it?
I want a boyfriend named Johnny !
Suggestion  Third, Share something funny that one of the participants said to you and call them by name to make a greater connection.
RIP Al Davis a true football legend
ahh I MUST go see it!
Many people have said the same thing!
It must be good if it topped the box office  200 mill!!
The other thing is he sees ReRAM as replacing both NAND and doctorM over time.
He sees it going into DIMMs....
Last home game tonight for the Yeah.
There's a pun in there somewhere.
Bullys at work, not to different from bullys at school, except as an adult we are better equipped to stand up and turn the tables
Love the holidays at !
So lucky to have all the Disney magic down the street from us at Colony Park!
what is monkey bread?
nifty!
i def get a Fred Astaire vibe :
Coupons are not just for groceries anymore
makin dinner and then gonna go get a outfit for tonight...
Hope its a good night!
Happy birthday Maria 
Yayyyyy...hopefully I can dance the routine...RT : dancin time!!
615 n 730 here we go!
I think there's a certain upbringing that's lost today it's a shame.
Then again, I fail at eating with a fork all the time.
:
sad that there are no famous people on my flight to Los Angelesnah, not really.
I'm okay hanging out with the masses.
I got high today.
Now I'm bout to take it low.
Lmao
Ugh.
So scared.
EVERYONE LOVES A FOVE BAGGER PLUS WE GOT ONE COMING TOMORROW AT 3PM ESTRUN HARD, CONSOLIDATE AND SUSTAINGET READY WED 3PM EST
Jesus is my worldview.
ok I understand young grasshopper
Nicely done last night BET awards
I added u
oh sorry!
I guess I haven't been too tuned into FB or twitter lately.
But cool!
Sounds awesome!
:
Potty break now back to sleep
on a side note, cap'n crunch is amazing
We would love for our mammoth guest to share there great experiences from mammoth with all our friends on facebook!
lmao!
take it you dont like him then?
:
they are slippery and unsubstantial.
He's a fully formed blowhard, much easier to kick and less sympathetic
No problem, Damon!
COKE or SPRITE
i need to take a nap, and by nap i mean go into a coma for 1012 hours.
...the only way to tear him out from inside.
I know he wants me, I can feel his fire, but if I die he can't hurt me anymore.
awe get better
thanks girl!
We need to take pics so I can put them on your letter :
someone talk to me im board at work
Our Winter Menu is up.
Celebrate this first day of December with a White Christmas, Snickerdoodle, or an Andies Mint Hot Chocolate!
yum.
Yes!
RT : Girlfriends afternoon high 5's Hope its a good day
HAHAHAHA How did I miss this?!
YouCuteAndAllBut you must be broke with how you never wear clothes in any of your pictures .
Come at me bro!
Wish I was there :/
haha well now you can talk to me i'll be here :
use ya brain mane!!
u sure?
cause im here if you need to talk
A student showcase presents Boom Boom Basics Burlesque Studio  10  8:30PM 
I know.
Graphs and facts are scary.
But I'm pretty certain I've taught at least one person dumber than some basic math.
I spent all day in bed watching you Vlogs.
Don't make me start at it again!!
Haha ;
is this lauren?
he's so good.
DUDE, come back to texas.
you need to live here and be my best friend LOL xD
Wow, Whitney Houston dead at 48 per AP report.
Lesson here...
Let's all hope Michael J.
Fox wins the 2013 Oscar for cinematography on Hunger Games.
Lovely people making my lovely morning even more lovely with lovely music!
3
You sent the funniest email of the day.
The map.
The map.
The map.
how creative
Been looking for an excuse to go to fort lauderdale?
SHOW NIGHT!
Prime Rib is on the menu tonight!
Come indulge in 14oz.
of pure bliss!
can i move favorites from iphone to ipad?
YUP We are all OKAY!
In the midst of a move right now.
No fear 2012 is going to kick ass!
thats really sweet.
I wish it was easier to trust people...this is totally why people always end up straying from me...
Can't wait to party with the baddest bad grl of BGC8 when u cum to memphis June 1st FOLLOWBACK PLZ
Roommate wears the same outfit when she goes to a party.
Please, I beg you, for your sake, get a different skirt  top.
That's just pathetic
We tried both.
I liked both.
Nice folks there.
Ditto RT We the best lol  RT : Chicks that like to cook 
are scheduled to rock in the BFT on March 10th.
Can't wait to get back.
The staff and beer are incredible!
I hope you know that youre seeing WTK with me at warped tour.
man I heard Brock quit I'm sure its part of the story line I just forget to watch on mondays
Something like a pool shark!
Ginger ale report: others found it gingery, I wished for more.
Definitely needed more yeast; was barely bubbly.
Batch two soon.
Good Morning, have an awesome day!
Sitting in silence allows you to collect your thoughts, so that you can make better choices.
if by chance there are any unsold tix for Thursdays 8 and/or 10 shows....
Dibs :
waiting is gay.
have no life cause we're sitting around waiting for the cops to come back down our street
This lady is annoying me
Usana Health Sciences 10 off if you sign up as a preferred customer
Nope just think it is flipping awesome
classic john madden analysis
with a lower case p only.
;
Nothing like a coldfront to sweep away the amateurs.
so good
Thanks.
Don't blame you.
I managed to not even use iTunes til I got my iPhone.
dope dope 
Busy but well: Lots of family, business, minor health concerns but doing great now: Preparing 4 my 50th Alum Reunion May 25
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of Chips and it isn't even that many inside with air inside to cover it up!
they will one day x
I wanna move.
Far away.
Maybe Australia..
I mention this on tours, but today I found my source from the Star.
In 1997, Nancy Irsay paid 44,000 for a 20 lot space on Crown Hill.
thanks for the follow.
Happy Holidays!
Bitches fuck me cus' they know my name
Great day for the 1st RiverBound race of 2012.
Cuz baby if you ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say
last night with my track family of 2012!
im gonna miss these seniors!
:
Lots of talk about ReidBill.
Don't you think that like prohibition, those that want a way will find it?
Illegality never stopped it be4.
That was the SF meeting.
South Bay lunch still in the works.
just woke up :P so sore :
Lol aight cause I was hearing all kind of stuff, so I just wanted to be clear on it
oh and thanks for the RT by the way.
Watching Dollhouse for 1st time.
The fight scene between you and Ballard was freakin awesome!
One of the best I've seen.
Don't let the world change your smile.
Make your smile change the world.
I used to have just noodles and soy sauce for meals when i was really broke
Thanx 2 everyone for the luv and support!!
U GUYS ROCK!
3
SO I just found an AWESOME recipe for Oyster Tacos!!!
Anybody wanna play Guinea Pig?
RT : Twitter at 100 million active users, likely to increase a lot more with iOS 5 integration
welcome back to Htown!
Enjoying no pants weekend in NYC one cheek  a time.
bought a cute new French beret at HM can u say OLALA!
;
DINNER TIME AT THE B!!!!!
COME AND GET IT!
3WordsForYou You are flawless.
Shut up and worry about tonight.
Last time we let you quarterback a night out for a fight we ended up at Miami Jai Alai!
facebookjustbought me a new pair of jays.
Chatting with about social media.
WORKING ON THE NEW MIXTAPE GET AT ME FOR MIXTAPE PLACEMENTS IM GOING IN
Then you found the lord, You gave your life to him, And you could not ignore, the love he had for you.
yeah go to that twibe website and find a group near you!
I am in the Milwaukee Twibe.
Didn't find a disability theme though
snappytv let's you video clip while you watch.
Cool product for provider integration.
U should be so jealous this morning...
Cheers to beer week!
If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and make a change.
I THINK IM PUFF DADDY!
I LIKE
Love themasters!
Final round always moving.
Karl von Frisch got Nobel Prize for decoding the language of bees; also discovered that both bees  fish see color.
just followed  will continue 2 do so if u never threaten again...
Good friday!
How does any government justify taking our equality and liberty in the name of central planning?
blah.
i swear.
tweetyour16yearoldself See more shows.
Screw the haters.
Date the doctormmer.
Study more, party less.
Have dad teach you electric guitar.
What should I order for dinner?
I'm sort of in the mood for chinese.
lol good.
Sorry u had to look at my bare ass
Good point!
Might be location skills?
Or suggestion based on own love?
4th grader rec'd Harry Potter.
We have mult copies.
It's hard to get anything with out verifiable income.
I totally did.
So how do you select the winner?
by random raffle?
Man Trouble try n cum find you bruh jus keep hiden from it
I predict this will only serve to exacerbate the national stereotype of Wisconsinites.
i need to try some mini sirloin bugers.....
:
Working too long with Time to 102
Infocus: Enables us to highlight and share our 'focus' on the web
if I had a dollar for all of the Britney Spears messages that flood my twitter inbox...apparantly she has a large fan base in Brazil!
i only watched a second of it but was that new zombies?
Hey now :.
How ya been?
but apologies for all the whining...
That's great news!
Fun Fact: Dog nose prints are as unique as human finger prints and can be used to identify them.
help!
Im stuck in narnia and i cant find the way out
Just entered a biggest loser contest at work.
I am going to hate giving up soda and chocolate
Favorite part of office party last night was 30 min geek out with two other Stern fans.
I keep thinking about you.
Any news yet?
ONE STOP Poker SHOP Grand Opening!!!
All poker products up to 75!!
www.eproducts4less.biz
Hope everyone had a love filled Valentine's Day!
Due to issue with Heroku, our new SSL certificate did not take.
Currently working to get the new one installed.
Very sorry for the error.
I'm not afraid to tell you that I love you.
I'm afraid to hear that you don't love me back because I know that's what will happen.
you mad ?
I scream depression?
Muthafucker, it's better then what you'll scream if I ever got a hold of your muthafuckin ass..
Working on some new art pieces...a variation on a recent theme!
shit dude...sorry....but pushing them to OT on the road is a good sign...get em in game 2....
Out of school and into seattle!
Flawless plan.
And of course the Queen, Jo herself.
When are you going?
S/O new follower :::
....our house..I would come see it like everyday to see what was done that day..lol its exciting; I'm glad to hear all is well!!!!
I will be back!
Have a bit of traveling to do...
Vermont, Colorado, Kentucky, and Michigan!
MT : MT : Art on the Fax is TONIGHT!
We will Music by Andalus Jazz Express, food vendors  more!
5p Fletcher Plaza
If Yost is the scape goat, would the Royals have the balls to swollow their pride and bring in Frank White as manager?
Parents just checked in upon my recommendation.
Record breaking use of exclamation points via text regarding accommodations.
another day of basketball
Thanks!
RT check out 's new album.
MyPastRelationships I've never had a real relationship.
They all sucked!!!
wonderful rain in SantaFe today snow on the mountains
Happy birthday to me and :D
As a polysci student, Ive long since learned to be skeptical of cost to govt claims.
Way too much data that can be manipulated
I hate what you've done to me.//3
ever thought maybe Paul Denton was really just a madeup alias of Damon's?
maybe he got bored in the 90's  went to Camden?
Haircut for prom today
Make that just heroin.
We all know now about Mantle's alcohol problem.
Bonds' own doctorg problem makes comparisons hard.
app where you can add words to pics.
any recommendations?
Just found out I'm a heavy sleeper.
How?
Apparently pokes my face and ties knots in my hair for her entertainment.
RT : Change  Growth
Write for the website post about tech like news, updates,reviews, and more but i like apple more
please follow me 3
Headed to the gym bout to get my workout on
This is my 2,000 update, but not really.
deleted a solid years worth of my tweets.
tear
Nice professorle
who wants to be my cuddle buddy?!??!!!
:D
RT : Pinterest board inspired by YOU HAVE NO IDEA by Vanessa  Helen Williams...
Eli Manning sucks
I can get down with this  Today is Friday May 11th.
It's National Eat what you want Day!
via
Todd is now working with Sun West Mortgage Co.
thats whats up how do you like it
Nickel bag of weed a week, I got cocaine here to sell...how can a young man go back home when the city girls look so well?
please follow and me we lov u
With graduation season here, remember to frame that diploma with us!
You'll receive the best quality at affordable prices.
good how are you ?
Will you answer this question?
:
thanks Brad.
We'll get on it.
All the Hillbilly's?
Then Jesus said, 'Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they do.' Luke 23:34
lets talk somebody
the hortonworks folks essentially gave my Ecosystem slides that I gave over 1.5 yrs ago  remember the future of data ecosystem?
Except I don't date electronics.
So, no.
RT : I may be late in observing this...
Are doctormmers being replaced by electronics?
Tonight is St.
doctornken's Eve.
To prepare, doctornk lots of water, eat plenty of carbs and change your exes' numbers on your phone.
Morning shifts are terrible...
But getting off at 5 feels so good.
Yeah I know, I am actually wanting to see tjem play each other.
I'll bet!
This blows!!!
ndpl most don't know if their public library's digital collection is ADA compliant
are you producer?
So true!
Happy Easter my friend.
Give Cam a big hug for me.
Digging the new yellow alternates.
Reminds me of when I was a kid.
Lots of diff dates thru midJune.
Off to work, then dinner with the family and more unpacking tonight...
Birthday wishes to the only NBA player cool enough to hang out on the 'Step Brothers' DVD commentary.
Go NYK!
Today was full but awesome!
Hosted a ton of family in our new home and it was not cramped!
Lovely afternoon!
Digitalsignage screens are EVERYWHERE but do the ads make sense to what you want or need?
is helping to change that....
tryna show off I feel ya doe
good!
I hope Jennifer gets closure now.
Such a shame
feeling refreshed after the long weekend....lots of new projects this week...
In the street one day I saw you among the crowd, in a geometric pattern doctorssed
THank you
Just got done watching boyfriend.........BEST VIDEO EVER I'm just speachhless!!!!!!!!!!
When I get off of work tonight, I'm gonna listen to podcasts.
Osmond Fisher of Young Jazz Masters is visiting Sunday's rehearsal.
can I find it at Whole foods?
and Trader Joes?
haha, he's polite but he should know his way around.
Did I mention how proud I am of my girls and the whole DDC comp team and teachers this weekend?!?!?!?
new album almost done
The Taste of Regret By: IFAF
EVERYBODY KNOWS RYAN IS IN LOVE WITH YOU
your worst nightmare O
Contrasting Raimi39;s Original SpiderMan Trailer with Marc Webb39;s ...
Thank you for the wonderful surprise.
Having a hard cover copy of Small Town Rules is awesome!
Loving the content too!
Considering it was almost 20 years ago, I was less discerning.
I loved the characters, at least
Followed Back..
Me and singing What Makes You Beautiful to each other 3
Two weeks of vacation start NOW.
I am healed from sin.
thatswhatHEsaid tonight
that would be great.
it was probably or who put glass in your pool
talent show tomarrow..i am freakin out dont know if i can do it.......
HELP........
I will rise has helped me in times of doubt.
it's grounded me and reminds me, with god life is beautiful,1 songwriter 2 anthr
Mary McLeod  Le Corbusier and agriculture, 1930s affiliation with regional syndicalism movement; belief in building a new order now.
Haha.
I'll change my mind into something else in about 5 mins, you know this.
As 3rd quarter ends, Horns put 4 fingers in the air and wave them  symbolizing Cal's four turnovers, I presume.
Okay I'm done for now.
bye :
Congratulations to AU SOC Cohort 16!
Thanks for an amazing two years.
Can't wait to work with each of you.
You guys rock!
Happy Graduation!
RT : Hawks fans...we have 10,947 here tonight a sellout!
Thank you!
yo i just seen a bird get ran over ..
that was weird
T2 But the whole point of MU and the transition to EHRs is to make this process easier, and the rules should reflect this.
It's not about the light at the end of the tunnel.
It's about the tunnel.
oh.
Waterfront.
I see.
what is that???
dick is so big, push by sapphire was written about it
Former Iceland to Nixon jailed for realtime updates.
White House advance of 'terror' in shadow of Homes
If we even meet in person remind me to show you the mess that is my iPhone.
Close to 500 apps.
I probably use 20.
starting the study sesh with themotto actually just makes me want give up and doctornk.
I have no words at all...lol
You call me a whore!
But yet again your the one sending nude pics to people!
Your a low life!
Me too!
Now if they just added cheesecake to the menu all the planets would be lined up:
right on, we dig your sound too.
glad we came across you today.
just DMed you about doin something together
Hurt my feelings today...oh well..you probably dont care.
Without a name player, could GW still come up with a DP signing who could really tally 1415 goals?
LMAO  the dude who kept honking at me at the ATM..I guess u didn't think a woman would curse your ass out!
;
announced Paul Phillips as team captainin for the 1213 Pioneers.
Nick Shore, Knowlton and Ostrow will be the alternate captainins.
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if
I wanted to mention that I got my Ipad at my local best buy 250 this last Saturday!
Its Cool, I love NetFlix and Kindle too!
bet she was pretty
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
Will Rogers
Hi Maggie!
Everyone, please welcome She is totally awesome and you should follow her.
so happy for you guys!!!
My favorite band on my favorite show......
just so amazing xx
Thanks for the follow...
THAT'S GREAT!
3 my house is Gryffindor what's urs?
Lex is doing great, excited for the Fanfest next weekend and looking forward to meeting you!
I can't believe that my sister and I used to stand in the predawn Black Friday line at Best Buy.
RT : Authors experience event are best ; we'll be more  more dependent on those without experience over time.
I refuse to retweet poor grammar.
You'reyou are.
Come on Giants !!!!
Cant wait to watch the Iowa State vs Texas game tomorrow...Go State!
Thanks!
Looking forward to it...we are almost sold out!
no kiddin'.
you are the REAL deal, missy.
Love you too.
Most hated; can't be faded.
as long as they're good ones...like the ones that bring yummy snacks!
:
okay!
;D what one are you referring to or ?
LOL
Parenting class
: My iPhone has an obsession with autocorrecting the word 'so' to 'do' ...
Do annoying
Many thanks for the mention!
Had a bomb breakfast w my dude now just waitnn to get lined up by the 1 n only
Bubba Watson and John Daly have got be the coolest dudes in golf.
THanks for the follow .
Are you a wordpress blogger ?
or do you blog at all ?
Today our speaker is the son of Steve Allen, he has never talked to a group about his father to a group before!
I write the episode  the season on my tweets so when I look back I can know what episode it was  watch it again :
I was asked would it fit your schedule to exercise an hour a day or be dead 24 hours a day?
Morning Rockstars!
There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.
Henry Ford
: So lexii jus fuckin dies tearsI know right
Stay off of em RT : My good knee hurt worse than my bad knee
oh yeah.
Added international sms plan to my phone before I left!
quotes time The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.
Abraham Lincoln
Dear TheraFlu Severe Cold, I love how you make me feel better the moment I swallow you.
I just wish you tasted better!
Sincerely, Trai
RT : Ok tweeps I'm speaking at and have voodoo tix so ping me to attend
I just visited Alice Aycock's A Simple Network of Underground Wells at The Fields Sculpture Park.
Land Art pilgrimage continues!!
Just face it, we have all been obsessed with a british accent atleast once in our life
1 RT Anybody else suddenly hit with an urge to watch School Ties?
Lost 4 friends uhm still doctornking.....
lock it up
O Scary!
I need more followers!!
Follow me
HAHA!no problem!
I'll teach you!
Just got mail from 5starBasketball camp
I miss middle school :'
I needed a day off.
Spending valentines day with my girl wine tasting in Santa Barbara, CA.
This would be an EPIC concert: LadyAntebellum, TaylorSwift, LukeBryan, and JasonAldean.
Concert I would NEVER miss!!
LOVETHEM!!
3
Life's a Bitch.
Especially when she's on her period.
Illinibasketball it's going to be a tough row to hoe.
Everyone come  shop with us today !!
Sales sales sales legooo
I love the anchorman
I take that back I love this weather right now reminds me of walking along the beach on both east and west coasts.
Thank you, darling!
RT love your new picture!!
you are so right .
I don't care who it is .
once the beat gets in you can't help but have a great time.
Boogie shoe me .
how that working out for you so far
Same to you!
I just want to lay in bed and play my game.
too bad ill be at work id come meet up
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
This past weekend was jam packed with stress...
and now I'm breaking out.
Oh lahd.
oh I love that...
tacos!
thats awesome and thanks i hope they go will if i make it to sing in front of simon i may die lol.
Your wish has been granted.
Nashville it is.
February 2nd!
6 pm  Dan McGuiness Demonbreun!
Bring your friends!
NP:until the end of times Justin timberlake ft.
beyonce
We're offering custom socialwebinars for clients now  speaking for the NPMA membership tomorrow on reputation management.
Going to be fun.
big trade for them.
they made a nice deal for themselves RT : Today is a glorious day in Brewers country!
Greinke,
I just told an old friend to beat it.
An SB1070'er.
Do u know how...?
New earth new heaven YES g..
just got a twitter omg dont no wat to do
I just read that 78percent of antibiotics that were consumed last year were given to animals bred for human consumption.
Sad.
unless we offer him more.
We need 2 top 6 Fs in a thin market.
Myth: development does it all.
in reality, development just helps to package the ideas and content from museum prog developers
This girl in the stall next to me is OBVIOUSLY pooping.
Like don't try make it seem like your not
I bet you have never even read the Bible.
Bring the parents!
RT : if I could talk my parents into it I would!
Justin Is Our Flawless
I can't wait for Sunday.
I hope we don't get screwed like those that went on thursday.
why thank you x
Thanks for the RT!
mister.butler doctorgged it with the hw .
Out of 3 pages i did 5 questions
Fighting spirit key to success
Wondering how much office productivity doctorps during March.
Tweet at us if you're going to watch any Big East games today
congrats to and Gen on their baby boy!
was a blast!
Missing your face though...
;
flipping betwn Ranger Stros on FSN and it appears to me that Rangers have HD cameras and STros are analog..kinda hard to watch..
If is wrong I don't wanna be right
Really?
what chararacter did he play?
I wanna so bad!!
I need it so bad.
I'm working on getting in a better mood don't worry!
:
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11..
doctorg Show creates campus controversy at Catholic school.
On the phone with doctornk and she runs out of gas in the middle of 185th
please follow me I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :' 89
Its halloween weekend.
What is the best horror movie of all time?
Roughly half of my time grading today is being eaten by blackboard failures.
God what a misbegotten piece of software.
Thanks, Lu.
I appreciate you giving me a cold to say thank you for the great birthday.
Fixing the lawn mower!
:
this is gonna be a series.
Upon setting out for an 8hr doctorving day this morning, I discovered 3 pairs of sunglasses in my purse.
None of them belong to me.
i'm listening to dance music:
Google sent me a Cr48 Chrome OS Notebook!
Huge surprise.
Charging now.
Can't wait to explore this baby!!
wow, who knew?
20ThingsAboutMe I love hello Kitty 
I'm looking 4 a very Super strong and superfreakishly muscular Amazon and Family in New England 1
newest addition on my bucket list: learn how to ski.
in , of course.
yep it was!
Hahaha
Thanks to everybody!!!
I have conquered another simple goal!!!
Happy Monday friends!
I wanna read!!
I'm so sorry to hear that...
sending love  good vibes!
In need of marketing products?
Get an instant quote at www.spheregs.com
RT : Thanks to all the parents for bringing their kids to my camp this week.
What a great group!!
You gotta see the baby!

am at NMAH I am here at NMAH and will head for Mall side cafe..
We're thankful for and the education and conservation efforts they've supported worldwide.
I hated leaving vm for people at work because I thought they wouldn't take me seriously...I guess it's better than sounding old?
fell off the roof but I'm aight doe
Thx to you also.
Baby,forget about them,they don't understand;
Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas.
Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Great food and music!
Me :D
And I don't care, if I don't get anything All I need is you here right now And I'm sorry if I hurt you But I know that all I want is you :
It's so hard to chew while laying on your back, but this is my break, and if I wanna lay on the floor I will.
kyle busch won the pure michigan 400 at michigan
Robocop 2 is on.
Monday just got awesome.
Next at usinno is Marc Smith, Chief Scientist Connections Action Consulting Group, on Innovation Networks in Social Media
ok imma text u my number.

Might I be of service to you, madam?
;
we'll be at bbc12 in Indy.
Planning preconference and post conference events at breweries for attendees as well.
Davy Jones dies.
How terribly sad.
I do
Congrats , what an awesome victory!
Pretty Little Liars
Can you believe it's that time of year again?
If you still have a holiday party to plan, check out the Holiday Parties tab on FB....
kids Roberto Clemente: Roberto Clemente Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 10:00 AM Barnes  Noble Booksellers 1000 Cranberry Sq doctorve, Cranberry...
: happy mothers day
Is anyone interested in hosting a house party for a couple acoustic acts, new in this area, to play on Friday or Saturday night?

RT : Happy Mothers day to the females that had sex on prom night, and dont know they pregnant !
Absolutely!
We love local makers.
Will tag you when announcing prodev workshops.
Ever been to our space?
who pitched on our side?
we've got some good arms down there
Came to realization and noticed things I never noticed before...
The excitement of the new homebuyers at Colony Park Town Houses is rubbing off!
All of us are smiling from ear to ear!
Happy times!
cartography is the most practical comparative basis for integrating and reducing the vast reaches of modern information Jacques Bertin
Anyone out there having problems with Verizon Wireless air cards?
When I leave class I have to fill up my gas tank
I almost missed wishing you a Happy Birthday!
Yay for cancelled classes!
Now I can see my love :
if someone would create a generic Holiday channel on Pandora, I would be much obliged.
noe there is a party I my pants at the bar
you're ard
Thank you for the RT  more details to come!
RT How powerful would it be to have mainstream education community advocate for museums?
Let's do it!
Just talked to the family of the Franklin boy hit by a train last week.
Their emotional interview on Live  5.
Don't miss it.
When I am afraid, I will trust in you.
What can mortal man do to me?
Psalm 56:34
Fabulous job tonight!
Worries are over.
COOL.
Congrats!
I think you're classy enough for BAFTA tho!
great meeting you two last week.
best of luck with everything!
You do realize the US govt is calling stupid revo mediaSlaves who fly 3starred flags AlQaeda, right?
All single file, doctorssed the same, corralled by a crazy mustached dictator
oh my gosh how r u?
i havent talked to you in a very long time.
I like that!
: Something to keep in mind for any designs or stories I write in the future!
If it's ok?
the live video stream on the web from Italy is over, but still streaming audio.
reporter using very colorful language
hahahaha ew THEY WERE SO GROSS
NatsOrioles Friday night...
who's up for doctornking beer in the cheap seats?
yeah it's really good!!!
want me to sing you a song to build up your spirit?
clears throat Oh wait, I cant sing...
shrugs Guess you're on your own
York today :D still wish I'd gone uni there bo.
i know the west ago take it bro
I bought all three of the books that I'm asking AP students to purchase for summer reading.
Total8 dollars.
June 6 delivery.
i can't pay my rent, but i'm fucking gorgeous.
Clippers will keep taking those turnovers if you're just gonna hand 'em to us.
The all new sexy thursdays kick off 2nite inside ladies FREE FREE FREE all nite!!!
3 u call it...bring ur azz out!!!
My new favorite hobby is sitting in hammocks on the beach doctornking piña coladas.
I need to do this more often.
The prodigal sun.....glasses have been returned
I'm not going there yet....

to respect each other as if the other were a guest
Enjoying DirtySoap on Sunday nite  great show,
Thanks so much Kevin!!!
Emo One Liners: Elegant Ways of Saying Go Kill Yourself Bitch
Haha yeah :o  : My mom is making me this tea with some weed, idk what it is lol sketchy shit
I'm inspired by others, but not by my self.
and Delbanco favors realpolitik and theological inscrutability
before i met you, i never knew what it was like to look at someone  smile for no reason
Ugh.
Koalas aren't even smart.
Though in fairness, you'd be a dick too if you tried to live on nothing but eucalyptus.
RT You can tell clever people by their answers.
You can tell wise people by their questions.Naguib Nahfouz
If PM chooses Titans any chance Cards look at Hasselback?
Laugh often doctoram big and reach for the stars.
Game winner!
JJOOOOOOONNES
What do YOU aspire to be in life...
Reply to me the answer 3 my goal is to be a great photographer and also to help people any way I can
helping at warped tour!
:DD
Always a treat, my friend.
Have a great weekend!
LOLOL!
what do you mean by 'like its nothing?' lololol
The Brick Alley in Frankfort Ky tonight..
Good to be on after a few days off
Knowing that for every man exists a new way to be a man
Saturday hurry up.
I know we haven't talked in a while:s But I thought I'd let you know has a new music video and free song!!
:D
this rubs me the wrong way.
ok, enough puns for today.
i want maccheese /3
Dale asks for a doover, he thought the vote was for InNOut...
revotes and ChickfilA passes by a 40 vote, Voepel absent
Like the backend of our rotation.
by the way S Rice left MIN for Sea....bwah hah hah hah!
Good job Minny!
Enjoy 1st pick!
Sorry I missed your community call on 411.
May I ask: How can a news org become a host site for KM Fellows?
Teenager shot from passing car
Follow us and tune into, Perspective Sundays at 12:00 pm on WPWR channel 50.
RT AribaLive 1900 people in attendance yet Ariba makes everyone feel welcome/collaborative.
Great job Tim!
No.
You're so wrong.
imightmarryhim nooffense :
sleep a lil sleep is good : follow mee?
Having some really insanely close races in Ridge Racer 3D...
suck my tits as i grab your hair...
You should have recd the mlanet12 confirm email w/badge  almost instantly after reg, check spam folder?
Got some great stuff for ya ladies!!
good morning babe!
When you don't have a good signal on your phone and you go all lion king on it.
What an awesome day!
Surf  then opening the bar...
Happy hour at 4 come on over to  say hi
Website updated.
2010 dates posted.
Photo cube updated.
New official  personal photos uploaded.
2009 winners should be posted later today.
Beautiful Florida morning, but HUMID!
My workout was like slogging through fog...Just call me a fogslogger.
Say THAT fast, 5x
Do werk SAN!
hey im on ur fan page but i wanted to be added to ur actual fb page but there are so many different ones.
which is u?
Repetition and consistency is critical to getting your message across
yes u need to doctorp items or ship them to me in advance Price per auto for jones25
If you don't mind, follow me so I can send you a DM.
Thanks!
The heavenly Maine coast !
All you Beautiful Women have been in Hibernation!
You looking real good Far Rock!
here too.
From what I saw over the course of this season is the only one who deserved to win!
I just didn't see it for anyone else
Never saw a GM ad.
But if you're buying FB ads and linking their success to direct sales of cars, you're doing it wrong.
Most in fact DO study only anglophone lit: it's hard to convince college students to study lit in langs other than English
thanks for following me
FF  FOLLOW HIM!
Super Cool Guy  Very Good Friend  Listener!
Loves Hockey!
Please Follow Him!!
I saw my Juliet come graceful down the stairs.
It's hard to miss how her eyes like up the room, and still the air
antitrafficking activists claim that consensual sex workers don't exist.
We are ALL trafficked and in need of rescuing.
Ill just send u my addoctorss.
been recording recently?
Tori is my friend and she's a TOTALLY AWESOME human being who happens to have a marvelous voice as well!
Had interviews today after school, I hope I made it...I found out on Monday :3
Americana/jazzgrass and down home good music from Urbandoctorwl at Campbell's Place in Chestnut Hill tonight, 9:30p1a
Hemoglobin is a great word
your an idiot haha
For example, somebody had the audacity to tell me they were mad at me last week because I was being an ass, like I was going to give a damn
I hate that white ppl circus, clown music.
They love it!
I know the functionality is the selling point, but also has the best sound effects in a Twitter client, period.
I've been trying to avoid putting games on my phone, but too many people have been asking me to get doctorw Something...
I'll cave.
thanks man.
Gotta unlock metal Mario
Sometimes too much to doctornk isn't enough.
They tried to make me go to LOVE LIFE REHAB and I said YEAH YEAH YEAH!!!
Come hear week 2 of our amazing series going through Song of Songs!
Great movie!
RT A.10 Planes,Trains  Automobiles Love It
Y wont she listen to me?
We love the Pratt!
Follow them now!
prattlove RT : We're closing in on 5,000 followers.
Purple Reign...
Great way to end an album.
Dance Gavine Dance please come to Boston TT
Do you have a redline?
you guys are twin tweeters!
its great!
sang I Will Always Love You like an angel, just like Whitney is now!!!!
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
Frank Tyger
Only 37 more hours of Bush!
I asked u back tho!
Ha
I'm posting that everywhere.
Holy hell.
Tfkk Are You,Your The One Hittin Me Up.?.!
truth.
i don't have the stomach for it and bow to those who do.
that scares me and r u a girl
True, but the difference is all in how they want to deal with it.
;
Been wanting to get into the game of golf for the longest.
Finally took the 1st step just found a used set of clubs  a garage sale
news said riot.
Bashing windows and lighting fires isn't a protest...or am I wrong?
Meh ok angry protest :P
MochaPeppermintCherry.
That's an interesting combo.
How was it?
was in some deep sleep until I awoke from a doctoradful doctoram
happy for you;
Because it was!
:p
good morning i love baby sunday happy
Watch for a new Red Cross campaign Coming Soon!
More details to come...
It doesn't matter how hard and fast you fell for me.
What really matters is how long you're willing to stick around with me.
Hey Jamie, thanks for the follow!
It's always good to connect with someone from the Portland area.
Hey sweetie its friday
Research and Markets: Global Virtual Private Network Router Market 20112015: Cisco, HP, Juniper Networks and Huawei ...
Interesting...not sure if I agree.
CIO's should learn more about finance.
CIO's are engaged beyond IT.
I cant wait for Christmas!
:
just ate meat lovers pizza, I REGRET NOTHING
Lmaoo!!
Babe plz get back with that one u just another non factor thatz not even n my life ...
Subtweet.
Facebook page now up and running.
Come 'Like' us  just search for WeBeGreater!
: haha i need to download that song ha
Truth.
RT : Sure looks like a catch, a fumble and a touchdown for Brian Rolle.
First big play in a long time by an Eagles LB.
hopefully we'll see you back around here soon!
text me and I'll tell u why
We meet in conference room today.
We'll miss but trust she's knocking them dead at conference!
i am wats good mama
I love oomf.
Hello hello hello hello hello hello
What.
Is.
The.
Deal.
Yeah 93 til Infinity was getting over here!
Its 1 of my faves
Today is Helen's birthday.
What a lucky man I've been to have her in my life.
She keeps me grounded.
Best boss I ever had.
Happy Birthday!!
keep my thoughts to my self , I don't need no opinion.
RT : Spoiling myself for the weekend.
Got a mini convertible to doctorve around this weekend :
Holy crap, !
That's amazing!
Congrats!
Called back for the role of Ellen in OVER THE TAVERN by Tom Dudzick for Seven Angels Theatre, a charming regional theatre in Danbury, CT
We are looking for volunteers to work all shifts on Monday, September 6th at the telethon.
Email Liz at for information!
RT : Look im ready to see Mayweather and Pacquiao fight tired of this delay  Yes!
Please!
What is up with all of this delay?
F THIS IM DELETING THIS ACCOUNT 2!x FIRST LEAKING THEN HATE MAIL X
Love love love
No need to be dead just accept the critcism and move on.
lol ..you know I was just playin with you though :
Dinner invitations went out last night!
Mfs always mad when they know I got ut
I don't know if Bruce is ever gonna smell normal again because of bowers.
in love with
ugh thanks for letting me know damn spammers
Going on the 
I'm jealous!
I need a WikiWife.
: Congrats on your first day!
Holy crap I seriously thought it was saturday..
Watching the recorded New Blended Learning webinar from Adding social aspects to continue the learning experience is key
So, which wellpaid TV job has Santorum landed that made it possible for him to suspend?
He does have a big family to feed  homeschool.
Even when we have differing beliefs, it should be goal of every American to include civil rights for ALL of us.
very cool!
cux I was on my break lol
Theodore Roosevelt Motivational quotesI'm a great believer in luck,and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it
you are going to be beyond amazing!
I am so proud of you and what you have achieved.
You rock!
dirty dancing aww
ah damn man.
Enjoy the rest of your time man!
I bet she gives great helmet
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
ur just too much sometimes!
LOL!!
The music was telling me to say that
I Have SaySomethin On Repeat!3 Amazing Song!:
Congrats for signing on to direct the Lifetime Steel Magnolis remake!
Look forward to learning more about it!
Great move!
Working with Final Cut for class.
Havnt used it in a while.
Wonder how this is going to work for me.
S/O to teachers!
: Lets support our teachersand thank them for all they do.
TeachersAppreciationWeek
wear your heart on your feed.
Clipboardbearing freak outside : WOULD YOU LIKE TO SAVE A TIGER WITH ME?
Umm...
I'm eating olives and reading Said and listening to weird debke mixtapes.
So Palestinian.
whoa!
holy book backlog  I started reviewing books a couple months ago...love this little side job  hobby  OBSESSION :
You know how I do by now!
digitaldeathday is getting started!
Good to see everyone.
Updates here all day.
Say what you need to say, but remember that it can't be unsaid.
Offer forgiveness, even when it isn't deserved.
shoutout to my new followers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks Muahhhh
It depends on how well known your collection is among various user groups and where you are promoting it.
Feels good to be back in KC
Board of Supervisors supported SB 973 this morning!
RT : : RT: : I'm very gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaall!!!!oriented.
Heck yeah, we'll have a lot of fun together when we can play a show there RT : I would love to see you guys
CRAP MY 200 WENT TO it was suppose to go to DAMN IT okay okay 300 goes to Hill!
The flea market is a great place to pop up on a weekend and sell.
It's cheap rent too!
2 kids bdays celebrated with good peeps of Now, nightly wrestle time with my son
I'm wearing mine!
RT : Don't forget to wear your purple today.
not arguing.
600 is 600, as Bonds taking the alltime mark true.
Steriods wouldn't have entered had they not proved beneficial.
Lol You kno that's Monster Tez: And yo baby boy over here wrecking shit
CAn you help us?
Showing teachers Twitter for PD.
Please tell us where you are from and a way you use Twitter.
woah!
It's twitter.
Remember that.
Facebook, I don't appreciate when you act retarded.
Thanks for the follow.
Yes, it it wonderfully beautiful!
If your site appears on what the world Googled this past year That's Great...
But if they searching for your Signin page, you SUCK!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
14
Badgers should get a 4 seed.
selectionsunday!
Already thinking about being overseas
Make today magnificent.
Only 2 more days to our fundoctoriser at Newark Palace Theatre  Last Night of the Proms on 28th Jan.
Tickets 12.50.
C'mon Support Twinning!
I hate turning down work.
Especially when it involves Ryan Gosling.
I can't stop thinking about your sweet ass, would love to see your hole!!!
cutest lil guy EVER!
i'm in love.
LOL has gone from meaning laugh out loud to i have nothing else to say.
And the kale salad with seeds...
so yummy!!!!
Writing a post I would like to include you in :
Well at least you're being productive I see.
I think I was lucky 2 meet folks at the crownplaza.
nice to meet you and give yall directions to your conference ;o
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself  George Bernard Shaw.
Thanks!
For the RT too!
RT Looking fwd to having you on Thurs!
I wake up to the same 4 walls everyday, i rather wake up in paris.
Great day, great evening.
Choas follows a hurried redesign always.
Eventually I get privilege I need, but it can take a long time.
;
Happiness is an option.
hope the finish line is in site!
...game but now rethinking.
Maybe I should start by asking them to respond to the essential q :
I love old skool RB VH1Soul Channel
so what u been up to still working that cafe deal
don't know if i'm spelling it right, but appendix
shoved right back into my cage...
Wish MS Expression would let me slice like Photoshop
Free scone from the coffee lady.
This day is going to be awesome.
Close out this beautiful Mother's Day  Maduro tonight.
Chad's mixing it up behind the bar, I'll provide the beats.
8p/music  10.
Don't worry, you've got another chance on Last Wednesday, January 25!
i have no love for the cardinals...
but 'go nat'l league!'
: Leave me alone...
u knw who u are
Tminus 6 hours and 43 minutes until my birthday!
I expect a present from all of you.
Nothing too fancy...just a few MacBooks or something.
watch the Academy Awards:
Okayenough nature.
Break is over...
Now back to work.
What are you working on today???
Whats good!
love how you rock your
that was mine, btw.
See you at Shecky's Girls Night out!!
Me too.
Heading there after /RT Ready for at
when leggings starting doubling as pants.
please let the hostess know I'll be running a bit late
Follow my crew Be on the lookout for big things.
Trust me.
The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being, but to remind him that he is already degraded.
George Orwell
In 1752, the WM faculty had to pass a rule prohibiting bets on horse racing, cock fighting, and cards and dice games
thanks for the explanation  and in 140 characters no less : will dig deeper into the links you sent
is finished job one for the day...getting ready for job two...!
Great now I'm wide awake
Whenever Im Up Late Im Probably Brainstorming..
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
James Acheson: In the real world, some important resources, such as migratory species of fish, cannot be privatized.
I hope your doctorams stay big and your worries stay small
ayee what bar?
Im there!
Lol
wait in mail or facebook?
And whats it for?
Exactly!
RT : Legislative violence against women Kerry Washington Nerdland
R.I.P MUTHAFUCKIN Carroll Shelby
thanks lady!!!
Surround yourself with progress!
I need Paul imagines to cheer me up.
All Night Express d.
Naptown doctorgons when Titus pins Lee after the One Night Stand.
I really don't like True Blood....
OnlyGhettoPeople want something for nothing and blame the next person for their struggles.
Not more than usual
are you the guy who sings on YouTube?
:
puts mouth peice in show me my opponent !!
Looking forward to a fun evening with our friends at tonight.
doctornks and music on the Patio
Bummed by razor burn?
to the rescue!
Get 20 off shaves during May w purchase.
Im really not that short..
good morning 
i love you but the spurs are gonna win
doctornking on a Sunday....
WhereTheHellIsSunday??!
Cici text me what you wearing
Working with many new clients this week.
What a great time to be at redmethodinc !
Yeah, i have amazing friends.3
playing with hashtags for
MARCH MADNESS!
Come get HOO HOO HOO shirts, Boiler Hoodies and Irish shirts from today!
I think so.
I mean we could walk to it in less than 5 minutes.
That practically makes it part of our offices!
LOL....hopefully it was someone good looking...odds aren't in your favor!
Is Tasti DLite in Columbia Heights seriously open now?
Oh man....
yes very jealous!!
thanks Kurt!
Was a pleasure to meet you, as well!
I'll be sure to stop by and say hi when I'm in Salem
congrats on baby 4!
More updates from usairguitar please!
Same here.
That's why I want to know what's out there.
NO TIME to reinvent the wheel when it comes to firstgen issues!
I'm an auntie again!
Welcome to the world little girl.
GOT time!
been lookin forward to this all week
Huge thanks for the opportunity!
Hope you're enjoying the day.
:
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
Albert Einstein
Ha!
Yeah.
That's where I've been with the Yanks/TB series too.
What else can we do...
Go Yanks, beat TB!
How are y'all mahomies : ?
Is RIM inherently this dumb and obtuse?
No need for personal contact.
Just put key info on web site.
Need BB parts?: call x
still have to get over there!
Sounds delicious!
Yeah, buddy.
RT : Congrats on officially being signed,
Thanks so much!
Love the article!!!
Alright, we need more followers.
this is stupid.
SHOUT OUTS guys:
mike will always have my heart
Oh that is so very sad.
But!!!!
We can convert him into the Cupcake Worship Clan!
The best recommendation is an introduction by someone who already knows me.
Please retweet and follow me.
program committee meeting in NYC across from ground zero on 9/11.
good ideas flying on a somber day.
I missed you too!
Can't wait till tom.
Hugs!
No i NEED to.
I didn't make/get you anything : me and arianna felt soo bad D;
when i say jump you say how high?
and when i say go we go all night.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
facebook account was hacked again!!!
Not sure if i sent anything out yet but beware of Jordans
When falecia singing to you over the phone...
just watched Halloween 2 with friends and im still shaken.
i hate scary movies sometimes lol
RT : Later Lovelies !
This day is precious !
Gotcha, keep an eye out for stuff on , many good leagues in that range run on there
Why would I want search engine results from other countries?
I don't!!!
Donation Based Polarity for March: 3/19, 3/22, 3/26.
Contact to book or for questions.
Feel free to pass along.
Think outside the box, then rape the box, shit in the box and light it on fire, then rape it again.
yeah, I'd be opposed to the bailout of football teams!
Finally home from YEC I had an awesome
woke up early for no reason , errgghh :l Good Morning :D can't wait for today !
Free screening tonight: The Avengers at AMC Northpark.
There's probably people waiting in line now.
Thanks!
Oprah is amazing!
Dancing to P!nk in my underwear!
Woohoo!
40 mins in the playoffs is the same as 40 mins in the regular season.
LeBron.
I've identified the problem, as NBA games are 48 mins long
Mine does this: there is hope for our society after all!
JUSTICE guaranteeing that no person is mistreated  also guaranteeing that the person that needs help the most gets the most help.
That's all folks 
Voting patterns support that trend.
Will be interesting to see how that shakes out for Obama.
i can't analyze a quote to save my fucking life
Chillin with the sister in Btown....
only memories of you Jerome.
And all fond ones.
new to twitter and just learned about it on the news
The NEH favicon is now live  thanks.
If Knicks Dont Win The Early Bird Rights We Still Can Keep Lin Regardless We Can Match Any Offer But We Probably Gon Lose Novak  JR.
same here, and same question
The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill  cute movie.
You're welcome, glad it was useful, and a doctornk would be lovely.
It makes a difference.
I improved my work wardoctorbe years before I applied and received my first supervisory position.
How do you pronounce Zotero?
Is it Zotero or Zotero.
I guess it's a tomato/tomato kind of thing...
o aight coo, i'm a hit you up !
Check out Amazon, iTunes and your On Demand cable service for A Bird Of The Air
awesome.
Great reply!
yes I know!
Freakin hurricanes lol will keep u updated!
973 squad up
Every time I wash my car it rains...hm I should wash my car more often ;
tried to tweet to Justin, computer went crazy, tried on my ipod and it died...
Wow Nothing can handle
Holmes on Homes is great!...
for Canadians.
insidejokebetweenmeandmikeholmesfans?
oh no!
mega liquids, rest, and call the doc.
oh wait, you already know that, Nurse Rizeq:
No pity.
How 'bout a spank?
im doing much better..if that is what you are asking.
follow back??
;
Fabulous afternoon with educators from rural schools...great discussion with their admins this evening...but glad to finally be home.
since I'm  the potawatomi buffet I won't b joining ur fufat group
I don't remember shit but that  haha you kept saying I was half naked that whole night tho!/: lol
Recording a full length album for Aly Jayne!
Listen for it in the coming months...
Rain or shine, it will be fine.
See you tonight, 5 'til close.
It's 1 of the rare few days a year I wake up early lol ;D
The Lure Lounge..in chinatown
Why is it the I run out of batteries when I'm in the Presidential suite of the recently closed Sahara Hotel?!?!
Bummer of a brat fry day, but booth between Peck and MEL still going strong
I swear.
If my dad calls Cody Simpson gay ONE MORE TIME, I just might have throw a brick through the wall.
please tell me you're not a Michigan men's basketball fan.
wait how is the weekend over so fast.
Great article.
Thanks for including us!
Deadly Spawn is a hoot
any artists/labels/ promo companies got a mailing list?
hit us up, we are down to support!
just saw concert dates....Frankie Beverly and Maze at DTE on July 13th
great food last week event!!
Yummy!!
thanks, Cindy!
Is that your Derby hat?
unfortunately not yet.
We are however working on it.
:
So to my name is now derek meredith?
Newsflash 2 me
You know what be awesome?
A Christmas Story / Avengers crossover event.
...
and then go over to AmexBestBuy and buy a new flat screen tv.
the initial one would be 30  email me the logo at  we can get started!
Go Yankees all the way!!
WeLoveLouisTomlinson I love BooBear because its obvious he loves the boys so much!
:
Go, , go!
On pace for a 3:10 at the today.
I hope that realizes after seeing himself what am immature, racist snot he is.
The rest of the men have no balls
Hey how are you.
Nice Blog!
Follow Back :
Are u Mac 10's lil bro
Well, were you following them back?
peopleneverchange so true
We're at SMCF2012 over at Austin Community College Eastview Campus!
Stop by and Check us out!
Aside from the obvious health reasons, we have the probably even more obvious aesthetic reasons
RestlessRascals are in
Wishing Everyone a Happy New Year and a wonderful 2012
he makes a nice tuna casseroleso you are in good hands..
: 
lol must be!
i do the same thing.
:
Ghana was the better team today.
that's a lovely new professorle picture.
You look adorably trapped.
Reuse doctorer lint and cotton from pill bottles to start campfires or fireplaces.
God love the outoftheblue donor calls offering 10K gifts.
What's on your mind?
Does that mean your not coming anymore
ill see you tomorrow!
really wanted to make it today
Some lady is staring at my mom eat OO wtf...
not from where I'm standing.
Facebook's buying Instagram?!
Damn!
FB ruins everything!
They better not ruin or kill Instagram.
Love it so!!
SinceWeBeingHonest sometimes I look in all the wrong places .
Thanks, just found out this weekend!
yeah at blades in Rio Rancho
ITS FRIDAY !!
ANOTHER DAY CLOSER TO VACATION 3
weird, vinnie actually looked good last night.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 50
Beerframe!
Very nice....
Gov Brownback and his staff lost all command for respect by going after a teenage critic.
heblowsalot is funny
man fuck instagram shit dosent even load fast anymore and everybody just uses it for fame now
nice...
my grade went up to a C!
i'm praying to god i do good on the final, i want a B minus.
correction: i NEED a B minus
I'm going to have a good weekend, I am not trying to worry about what everyone else is doing.
: The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me.
Psalm 138:8 PraiseTheLord
our SJ was rapping SJ's lines when they were in the truck in the movie.
Exactly not even a slap on the wrist.
Can't say the same for Mota of the Giants...100 games for his 2nd steroid offense!
RT : Paul Pierce Tebows.
This game has hit rock bottom.
nope!
i think it was 's!
miss u to sis, what are you doing for the summer
More Cold Rock editing this morning, then meetings in afternoon on epublishing.
Here's to a productive day, everyone.
Thank you!
It's always good to hear from someone who has experience.
A tiny bit of blood is fine too, yes?
cc:
I'm actually tweeting...
It's been awhile...
My gym routine IS my marketing strategy  but why am I not seeing any lift?
Looking for disruptive, investmentready, forprofessort social entrepreneurs that can scale.
May have an investment opportunity for you.
DM me.
I come home for like 3 weeks then have to go back for work outs.
Are you gonna be at Western or home?
History in the making RT: Good news.Bob arum agrees to the random testing.
Did you know?
you can get 2 for 1 doctornk specials in the bar?
have two none working og one's tho
For crying out loud, another week off?
Your staff must love having so much paid time off.
What a gig.
Say what you mean and mean what you say for goodness sake
: I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who won't give up on me.
I have never known what the hell was in my future.
As a poor boy, that has been my strength.
Pity those who think they know their future.
How exciting!
I just wanted to go to school today :
debatable!
where is up north!?
Seems to be a business meeting.
Okay, I've watched videos about the Indoctrination Theory  if it's true.
I take back everything I've said about ME3's ending.
Do we need anymore proof that the NL is worse than the AL?
Just look at what Brad Penny did tonight.
happy to be here for you!
Perhaps more interesting: Most common meter across Iliad and Odyssey: Alldactyls: 7600 lines.
Single spondee in the second foot has 5700.
With all the reality shows, why not one for TV/FILM writers trying to break in to the biz?
Fuck yes tomorrows friday.
1.32 for bacon!
Wtf pigs be pricey these days
Happy mothers day!
good and you?
Best of luck for this evening's PayPerView Eric.
Our best to the family.
Here's to positive vibes cross the board for everyone!
No Bopper and Mark :'
Ran a strange but kickass Oly  powerlifting meet today.
Congrats to all lifters.
Time for more beer ...
See you in Columbia, restaurant recs welcome!
Goodnight,sweet doctorams xoxox
Papa johns at my front door, with Marvel NCR about to begin.
Lets go!
I definitely agree!
Was a huge fan of the cartoon.
It was my early introduction to David Warner.
Michael
you better!
Woman who are book  street smart 
When will you notice me..?
Today?
anyday?
someday?
You better switch sides and bELIeve in I'm excited for my very first football game!
My contacts are bothering me .
Rise and Grind!
Have a nice day.
:
Of course right after i shower , my bus calls to say its not running
they work you, anything to bring ya down, smh
nope havent been sence december but im moving with my sis n i think i flunked so if you in 8th grade n less you cant go to
Not supposed to use a cell phone near a gas pump either.
:O : buying gas at the time
Seidio Innocase Extended Rugged Hybrid Case  Holster for HTC EVO better than the otterbox defender
They're all probably in the nosebleeds.
Too poor for club level.
CISV followed me to Pittsburgh!!
Cannot wait for programs next year
The less people in your cipher, The less people to decipher.
hello my bro!!
How are you?:
he'll get it!
:p haha it's me!
were you nervous before you got back on the ABDC stage again?
Sunday's Best!
be gentle with me, I'm new and fragile
What happened in sports this weekend?
How about the perfect NBA Playoff game?
And, not a soul but the DigSportsDesk even noticed.
we found love in a hostess cake!
Watching Toy Story 3 and all i can think of is and
Preparing for blast off!!
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Antoine de SaintExupery
doctorp by Booth C3 for a free gift, prizes, and information about the 2012 Martin Institute Conference.
Before you write the program, write a poem about what the program does.
That was a test to see if your a last word freak failed
Jim Buckley is pulling 39 of the vote in his race against Donna Seidel.
Fuck it, ripped tights are stylish, yeah?
YEAH.
has a cute ass forehead.
I have to give credit to my friend for that term, but sounds like fun, right?
I can't wait to go back to the store!
Haha
OK, so it hasn't been every day, but I am on my way.
Whip up some Queen City Cayenne, stat!
Random Ohio location.
I don't think anyone can.
LA get ready...
is spinning live !
It's Friday 13th  raining, time to party!
It's ridiculous how much I'm enjoying this tomato lecture.
echelon3000 this Thursday With Meek Mill live MMG TAKEOVER teamselfish ladies free all night
Where's my game ball?
:.
What in hell is Newt doing at a FAMILY Forum debate?
Is he the exception to the rule?
Watching how these idiots plan a theocratic U.S.
I shall be reposing upon my fainting settee, should anyone need me.
Woo!
For islands tonight at mississippistudios Yayaya!
I have two  Monks' Wit  localtoPA Jack's Hard Cider.
Given my usual tastes, liking both of these surprised even me!
I just had a doctoram and I met: I think I cried when I woke up and realized that never will happen.
simpsonizerfamily 143
its coast
A Scene Aesthetic playing tomorrow at shadowplay lounge!
doors open at 4PM, 12, 8 other bands playing!
going to be huge, tweet 4 more info!
MT : MD Anderson welcomes ATT to announce their 1mill gift to telesurgery program.
Presentation starts at 10am.
Game 1 was bad, but we made a bit of a comeback; game 3 is looking the worst of allembarrassing actually.
C's need to rally!
miss it;
Not sure this counts but I'm a voice coach w/openings for new students  as long as I'm teaching I don't need a day job!
:
i fell in love with Ben at the signing ystrday /3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wnna do b4 i die.
go on a date with ben3
: WTF glad i don't use BofA // Bank of America is going to charge 5 a month for the convenience of using ATMs?
bait and switch
Just finished watching a Fab Five special on Made me love Steve Fisher even more.
Rock Flag and Eagle!
Ya.
I just bought myself flowers.
:
I'm with on this one.
His opinions about sports figures r too strong considering his background.
On set all day filming Pioneer Commercial!!
Cant wait for Wednesday beach day;
Did you know that when you exercise your stem cells turn into bone cells instead of fat?
is there a adapter needed to plug in the car and recharge?
yea it is realy good
oops...there I go being accidentally insensitive to total strangers again.
I'm really not a jerk.
Slut?
Kyle, you shouldn't talk about yourself like that.
I've always wanted to do a cruise anyway, and when I saw the clubs on board?
I was like, Okay, I can avoid kids there!
LOL
I wish u would run me over with that bus of yours, so i wouldn't have to listen to you.:
ICantStandWhen I am forced to be around someone who thinks they are above others.
Roads are slick, lots of cars sliding into the ditch.
No major injuries reported yet.
There is an old man in Meijer unsuccessfully doctorving a motorized cart.
He's hit me twice and I apologize to HIM!
He's still following me...
At the crib writing for this ill collab with
Bernard the BudgetBear is going to change the way your kids think about money.
Time for Netflix and bed.
:
who would you pick up from FA Tashard Choice or johnny knox?
Valentines Day...
The celebration of love, and sex.
Can't get to the nail shop quick enough!
lol!
What...
speed?!
She b movin
I was about to say!!!
MT  MLS should differentiate from the standpoint they need to SUPPORT.
We have to go around them to make it work revideo
you did not shave your head.....
she is darling!
She will be a very beautiful bride!
What a wonderful couple!
ohh so thaatttsss what you and Taylor do when you hangout..
practicing?
;D
We are looking forward to seeing all of you at BIGIDEA.
Beer, Wine, Food, and NOLA entrepreneurs!
Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge.
they get HD yet?
Watching thevoice with my parents and having so much fun!
Go team
PARAPROSDOKIAN is a figure of speech in which the latter part of a sentence is unexpected, often for comic effect.
Ha!
Only Dave isn't a mad scientist.
WAIT a minute...;
That's super exciting, did you take lots of pictures?
talkcounts is hosting Difficult conversations at IEP meetings this Saturday at 9:00am join us
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind
Absolute radio, Alice Cooper, Elected.
Whomever uses this song gets my vote.
I signed up but when I went to add my projects I got a 404 error.
on vita?
Karma, dude.
Should've been here for game 6.
Who else is attending Bisnow Washington Real Estate Summit tomorrow?
you were textin me
Im off this bitch ' bout to get my day started .
E V E R Y O N E have a blessed day .
Have fun  be safe .
Go play RT : It's the first day of summer and national skateboard day.
100 kids now shredding at RPD mobile skate park on...
You can't be serious
MEDIA MATTERS has to be FEVERISHLY mobilizing ALL its MSNBCCNN Anchors to fight back HARD.
that's so cute.
thanks Colin!
You are great!
See u Friday
That's greatcongrats!
We'll have to do lunch again soon.
thx.
Can u give them a worksheet they can then upload into a OneNote notebook?
Not as an attachment but a real page and type on?
who do you hate boo.
John Q is trending does that mean it's on?!
That movies badass!
Good Morning!
Don't forget to vote for your favorite cover for VIBRANT magazine!
It debuts in May!
WWW.vibrantmags.com
i am also hoping for 6th.
Kings or Stars would be awesome series.
3.
When you hear Justin's name in use, go up to the person and give a creeper face and say, Justin...
Bieber..?
creepy smile
Izturis is the absolute worst.
It's INSANE.
Yum.
Is this your new home that I see in the background?
I need to grab a baguette at Bread Co, wine and come over.
ASAP.
good morning enjoy your day!
we do grad stds  faculty but i'm not aware of any ugrads  faculty workshops done here.
you?
um thank you!
follow me back so I can DM you about that position!
thx
Everybody's talking about Occupy Portland's looming midnight deadline to clear out the encampment.
Review: Great combination of mystery, love and street smarts.
bills fan  yeah i agree  : Poe, Gilmore, Irvin, Smith among the picks I dont get.
Like em but not that high.
Happy mothers day mom!
love you so much.
The copy of Trespassing that I ordered came in the mail today.
Thanks for signing it!!!!
D
When is someone going to find the next batch of 'forgotten' 2Pac tracks?
Met Alyssa today.
She's great!
Thankful for my community.
Time to bring CHANGE!
I'm so excited that Ree replied to you!
E!
Keep rocking the music!
Glad to be connected
Hopes that she will be on Charlie Rose
GOT MY FIRST CAR!
:D Yeah Boy!
HateLies3Trust
You are the color that I'm bleeding ;
What would you like to ask President Obama during his trip to Western Washington?
Can someone plz tell us about a Great April Fools Day prank they either played on someone, got done to them or heard about?
I can't even find, the perfect brush....
so I can paint what's going through my mind.
It's Bike to work week.
Wish I had a penny farthing!!!
CNN needs to stop bring up the doctorgs....
A great woman just died ya need to give ya respect this is the same when Micheal Jackson died
Our wait is always shorter earlier or later in the day!
And you can always feel free to send someone ahead!
but from where?
I want to go back to 79 and hit up a disco
Cant wait to see my daddy I miss him!
Im not cool enough to go to a pep rally
Sunday Funday was such a success with and  jynettelynell.
What on earth shall we do til next Sunday?!
Finn and puck otp
Mother's Day Idea: Buy mom a gift certificate to take a cooking class at Tap and Table!
Every month we teach a new menu.
Hanging out at Devil's Elbow near St Robert on Route 66.
Great little biker BBQ/bar here.
Great people too.
hey what games are you going to this weekend at F2H?
We're also in the gym for mister kims class..:o
Now I may have faith, to make mountains fall But if I lack love, then I am nothin' at all
Listening through doctoramTheater's discography chronologically before they come to Columbus in June...currently working on Awake
Yeah, they have started doing it too
love this!
liked the flats too, but jeggings!?
Come on now you're on the cover of Time!
kawaii 3 RT :In the studio a couple weeks ago working on vocals for the new album.
Don't you just want to put your boots on?
I wonder if you have to have advanced spatial senses to make these.
Mixters class!
BORING!!!!!!!
I don't have a manpurse.
But I do have a tiny shiny silver backpack.
I keep guns in it.
please stop making us listen to Jay Feely
TVA fans are the coolest fans on earth.
It's official.
Thanks for a great show tonight!!
ok and i hope your son feels better soon
eu to com frioo !.
You could always stay in town.
I'm sure there would be something to do in town that night....
really?
really?
I hate 8flavahs so much.
all of our readings about curry 3 my fav was the Julia ;
What?
Explain
Wish I was still there :
Wow ...
there sure are a lot of naked photos on my phone, ,,
SO to Tiago Splitter who just airballed two free throws, Blake Griffin style.
Well, that went well.
hahha I love you too ;
Oops.
Digital copy of The Paris Wife from the 1derful Omaha Lib expired w 80 pgs left.
Now what?
Pay BN 12 so I can finish it?
Led the Colonial life in Williamsburg this past weekend!
Feelin' patriotic!
what r the guidelines?
Hook me up!
:
Print of the day!
50 White TShirts w/ 1 Color Print sizes SXL 4.00 per shirt.
Free setup and delivery.
Special ends Sunday 7PM PT.
great!
let's meet at the registration table after break out sessions
haha ya I know : plus the best coffee n the world :
don't u just love it when people stuff words in your mouth?
First they steal your mind and then they steal you
lol twisting my hair together  hair crossed
Liliane: alors, she was still a young woman.
I miss
anytime.
Shit in the small bathroom.
Saw The Hunger Games last night, and it was absolutely amazing :D.
Even though they left stuff out from the books :
Just unapplied for a job.
Felt good.
Lmfao wow really?
Are you at oakland arts fest?
Tweet us a picture if so
My heart is truly broken for Mo Rivera.
Mo you inspired me to stay level headed on the mound.
Hope to see you back.
God bless.
cross lanes
i love 3
Kenan and Kel!
90's are allthat, but what about pete and pete?
because of genetics, 1 out of 3 people sneeze when they see bright lights.
Everytime I come on.
More followers!!
Muahh thank you!!!
Katherine Henderson from Auburn, a 200 yr.
old Presbyterian seminary.
Seeking to be effective peacemakers.
From the Canadian Winter festivals now back to Fashion Week.
No rest for this lady
I went to private school  I can't say that isn't a failure either it has it's problems too.
Ughh...my wrist feels naked without my watch...lol
we were in europe yesterday!!!!!
WtF
I earned my pizza today after a long, fun day at the !
What takes place is instantly everywhere  the world is really now interconnected
I may not be the strongest, I may not be the fastest, but I'll be damned if I'm not trying my hardest.
nathanred 2 light bulbs are hanging out.
1 bulb says to the other bulb: Your too bright!
The other bulb replys: Glow me!
you know you could get coffee before starbucks ;
Madonna was amazing she always knows the right timing for everything, so great!
A snapshot of Kodak's hits and misses
Hi Jenna!
TJ Harrington here.
follow the Rochester Attorney Review on Twitter.
RT : He said it was from a chat with you  Specifically the vulnerability cycle.
Chis  I came up with that years ago
WOOT OFF!
No sleep tonight...
lol lucky I wanted to go see it lol I might go on Sunday to see it :3 lol What flavor was it :3
imu2 text me
French stained glass please and thank you!
The humidity feels like death.
American idol code word for going home is You're on it to win it!
I want spiderbites so badly
After scanning my doctorvers license, Starr and I had a rousing discussion of state laws for license renewal.
One of this year's KCAI graphic design alumni  Tammy Shell  has an internship this fall at MoMA.
How cool is that??
Pouring rain today.
Glad we decided to shoot tomorrow!
I mean PHONE NUMBER!
so true!!
Next year i'll have my graduation and i really look forward to it!!
;
Write.
Edit.
Review.
Graphics.
Write.
Edit.
Review.
Graphics.
Must be magazine production time.
Rain rain go away
see u heshers 2nite at Club Garibaldi's in Milwaukee.
Doors at 9p.m.!
Is Looking 4 Sponsorship 2 Help Take The Radio Station 2 The Next Level  Build Their Radio Studio!
Donate donate!
Woo JLS was Amazing!
:' 3waaaahh we were so close!!!!!
RT : We are overwhelmed at the amount of messages we've received today, thank you so much to everyone.
Rest In Peace Guv
then my nickname is CEO of Apple aka: President of the United States of America aka: DJ Pauly D
RT never take someone for granted because you know they'll come crawling back to you.
because one day, they wont.
Not a good 2nd half for the Blazers
would like to thank everyone who came out to the Relay for Life event on April 30.
LCRA rain gauge across 360 from my house recorded 1.12 of rain  in the last 15 minutes.
Have you seen yet?
Local DC company with an interesting offering.
Not even Ron Pope helps.
Merry Christmas to you all and thanks for following Piano Addict
Once you get above Orange County, you're...ya know...you're in America.
NY AG Eric Schneiderman 
Lipstick Radio is looking for a News Guru for our new format.
If you have a news blog  great radio voice/personality send us your link!
I believe in
Your tweets during SMW were so helpful that I'm not surprised your mother was a librarian!
Thanks for the kind words!
I love you too baby : now let's make a baby LOL
Do you use a parking app on your phone that actually is useful?
One that shows you available spaces.
I haven't had any success with them.
16 gigs of ram, 2 tb hd...i7 processor...sounds like a winner...I think im choosing this over the shitty mpb
Don't rehash the same ideas on your cover letter as your resume.
Explore other areas.
Hello Wisconsin.
First snow of 2012.
so bord we love you lul wayne
you should highly consider making buddy nix your vice mayor when you run for mayor
Ditto.
And when people at the restaurant I'm eating at or the park I'm reading in are being annoying, I could pause them.
I hate that feeling of feeling lonely!
Going doctorss shopping!
:D oh yeah
tell the government to fix the child support enforcement jaugernaut so that the childs father has a means to help!Poverty!
Always welcome!!
TakeTheOath RT : A big THANK YOU to Ms.Whitfield for holding it all together during the shoot.
hungover and crabby are we?
did you have a raging a bar?
Twenty left from a thirty pop one pop two I cant eat
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it
if it ends up coming in during the wee hours of the morning, that's ok
I'm sorry but that's awful greg
Yes, I want to sync with the device.
No, I don't want to repair the disk.
It's my phone.
I'm deleting...
Hi Susan, thanks a lot for the follow, I really appreciate it.
from: Tony Perez  www.thecoupondeal.com
Florida State Parks offers a fun way to encourage visits with a passport!
Looks like a great way to visit the parks and do our paintings!
that moment when you texting trying to be serious and auto correct just ruins it for you...UGh
omg I can totally understand why you felt that way!
Ugh, what a waste of two and a half hours!
I bought them and am in red love!
I was born with tragedy in my blood .
I'm sorry, when was Dwyane Wade no longer a superstar?
According to , office leasing activity doctorpped more than 30 from 8.5 million SF in 4Q11, and overall deal volume doctorpped by...
reminder: Wednesday at 3:00 p.m.
to benefit AEBP 5 of all Whole Foods proceeds from Lamar and Gateway will feed KIDS!
Root Beer sucks after having spicy food.
My bad i spelt his name wrong
MT : A banner at today's Old Firm match apparently said 'your grandchildoctorn will be Celtic fans'
Put confidence in what you do.
Without communication and influence  a relationship doesn't really exist between two people.
itsjustme
Anyone have tips for a friend taking the office support WI civil service exam?
Not a a lot of resources out there.
im glowing on the train  Chi  Jae was right...
but they were being some assholes bout it.
One mans trash is another mans treasure ; 
things will never be the same!!!
Gibson has an anger problem, Octomom is open to porn and John Edwards lied...duh!
I mean..
doctorw is a pretty common name.
So calm it down there sparky
there it gos!, its on the floor..
ha...
now I'm 1 CENT RICHER...
lol
Livebrary  allows users to see what's happening in a lib.
Circulation data as materials move back and forth, data visualization
what???
Call me!
watching dispicable me with joey back at the mayflower hotel in dc
no reason.
Wasn't even a cork popping for me...just love the sound.
As happy as I can be in my boyfriend's sweatpants :
...
a playmaker at 3 and an old QB in Weeden.
Do the Browns ever learn from the past or just enjoy toying with the fans?
wendy's:
of course!
:
That sucks for you, because either they're right, or you still have to spend eternity in Heaven with those losers.
Doubleshot kind of day
we're curious  what are y'all doctornking over in Edinburgh?
Matt, sent you an email!!!!
xoxo
Happy birthday
: Dear Facebook Friends who are now getting twitter, I made a Twitter to get away from you.
Sincerely, GTFO.
School should just end like now.
And be over with forever.
ew, that's my life too......
hahahaah
nothing really, you?
:
I don't even recognize that uber organized room.
Where did that come from?
gotcha, that makes more sense.
And I don't know why you are on that list, especially the first one mentioned.
please follow my friend
We need items like restaurant gift cards, iPad, Magic tickets, etc.
With the2 pick Denver selects Von Miller...
I am trippin' right now....: R.I.P.
MCA.
nosleeptillbrooklyn
great performance today at the event!
Wake up was jammin'!
Thank you so much!
seriously?!!!!!!!
Random exaggeration
My biggest pet peeve is...
okay do it :
hey!
Thanks for the follow!
I can't wait to connect!
I enjoyed your singing

is it because it's either/or Jeff and/or Mutt ?
Work harder love more play to win..
Sometimes, I only feel beautiful for 3 minutes and 27 seconds.
RT if you get it
thanks so much for following!
let your friends know to follow as well?
It would mean the world3
who u crushing on
Can someone get me a meeting with Elaine Strickland?
Or a position as her P.A.?
I know my roots however I do work in Chicago media.
Hope you're well.
Try the Peanut Butter Burger at Scotty's
Obama ain't got the guts you fat fuck.
I thought you leftists like truth to power.
He was just telling the truth.
Obama sucks.
no one knows what that means but its provocative  will ferrell
tonight we are younnnggggg do lets set the word on fire.
and shit like that.
Three days, five hours, and twentyfour minutes til our reading at Txikito.
Sun 13 Feb at 6pm.
240 Ninth Ave.
I've been so spoiled all weekend..
Don't want to go to school tomorrow.
my screen aint been workin on my phone for almost 2 months now and some of the stuff people left me 
Voice doctorven apps: Siri.
Is this the right approach?
Just bought a 2007 Chevy aveo sedan a year ago but I would love a sonic
I want you to be my shorty.
So they are different fan pages created by you
pop lock and doctorp it
: and from need contact info for Jodi from , can you send them a DM?
Thanks
I need a new camera.
Any recommendations?
I agree, I love Larry :
love that song !
I was hearing it today on the train
Delayed on set muscle soreness is real.
Now I know why I stopped working out.
Word of the day is pain!
I seriously should have.
It's one of the few football games I would even watch.
My dad isn't think this flight itinerary through.
my talk isn't cheap :p
YES.
we are secret slobs.
all of us!!
I'd love a Scholastic follow!
Whatever happened to Ja Rule?
I'm gonna murder this lady.
one time use...If you reused you would have a manifestation of contaminants that would be in your flood waters
I'm craving cheese cake 
For more inside scoop on The Commons Magazine, be sure to follow our publisher doctor Eileen Hulme 
okay thanks.
Is there a submit button?
It's going to be a long day.
Not a bad day ...
just long.
I need more sleep.
INFORMATION DEPARTMENT ACTIVELY DEFENDING OPPOSITION PROPAGANDA IN NEW MEDIA
Watched a firefly die.
So sad to see it's light go out.
I hate the fact that my laptop is so big.
Can't take that shit anywhere .
Well Aren't You The Model Boyfriend Lol.
Yes.
This.
RT I miss

Im playing a game with no rules..
So somebody bound to get hurt.
Talk about planning ahead: 2013 Coachella tix go on sale this Thursday at 10 AM
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?!
Bay Hill
Just had lunch with the New Senior pastor of Orchard Community Church, Campbell, CA.
Excited for him and them.
You're perfect in everyway.
I could of been there for you when you needed me most.
I wish i could of held you in my arms when you cried.
That Awkward moment when you have a doctoram about your crush and when you wake up your heart is beating so FAST !
Vivid imagination.
Were like fire and gasoline, I'm no good for you, your no good for me.
We only bring eachother tears and sorrow.
My tummy hurts someone come rub  kiss it
The things we do for love...
11am time slot is now full!
8am, 12pm, and 1pm are still available!
I'm gonna try and stay positive this week.
Thank you!!
I just missed you!
: There'll probably be a lot of Damn Patriots tweets, they're not doing well at the moment.
3WordsForYou who hurt you?
Dear NC, i would greatly love if you would bring back those 70 degree temps we had at the beginning of the week.
Love, Emily
Nap time!!
i really need a vacation like real tea ugh
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
I really hope Jo gives the actual cup to Gabby even if the win and the money belong to J.
Please she deserves it this time!
It really made me laugh.
A few times.
I am looking forward to the novel!
I really need to shape up before bikini season comes :
Sitting in my car for 1/2hr delay before my 200m due to rain....
I'm still determined to PR today
tough loss last night, but we are gonna be ok, can't wait to take the bus to Chicago to put out the Fire!!!
I feel sad for anyone that pays a 'CJ WIlson' 77 million dollars.
Is this Powerball?
That kind of scrilla shouldn't be thrown at B players.
omg zayn.....
seriously you can't just do that Lololol fml
no it's a hard read.
It is cranky fact.
Why do you think they call her The Iron Lady.
Girly night with :
Love that regularly credits their Research Dept.
on the when citing stats.
Did you hear that Davy Jones of the Monkees died of a heart attack today?
I sent Donna an email as she must be very sad.
RT if you have Xbox LIVE
we can make that happen!
I love my teacher
No one is EVER higher than Tim Lincecum.
Oh wait, you said ranked higher.
Sorry, my mistake.
At Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles with
Don't forget to order your meals before the January 22, 2012.
It's done.
Move on and let this go b4 it gets really serious.
Realtalk.
No more tweeting each other
haha!
Good luck with that one!
doctorve for Perfection.
Tolerant for Failure
The tongue of a mature blue whale has approximately the same mass as that of an entire elephant.
I know.
:3
Do not hang up on me.
End of story.
George beat the fuck outta Jared!!!
LMFAO
In need of custom clamshell boxes or exquisite letterpress invitations?
www.bellafortebooks.com We're HOT!
I think it would be great if the ravens' Sam Koch stopped and started singing some soul songs.
why would they send a scout if it isn't an option...
they could use an arm...
any arm!
The thing about getting A's, even as a great playmaker, is you need to be playing with guys who can get G's...
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
Walking Tall w/ The Rock.
Can't decide if it's a great bad movie or just plain great
Hip Hop is my cry for help, the acceptance that i never felt/ the weaker me that reaches out, while the crowd outside just claps and shouts.
ik u do: so does dylan3
really should have chosen a more challenging math class.
On the other hand, being in here makes me feel incredibly smart.
Who went to see The Vow over the weekend?
Did you shed a few tears?
Hahaha you can say that again!
Specially first thing in the morning..
Hey all RaeLynn's Prom  Social Occasion Boutique Fans!
What did you get for Christmas?!
If you haven't already,spread the word about the band and contest not only by tweeting tsparmy but by telling your friends,family,pets,etc.
Yup!
Friday  Sunday!
Big time rush??
Really..pretty gay there dallas..
Sell Your Home Smarter When the real estate market is a roller coaster, a homeowner has to sell your home smarter not harder.
The average
RT : Excited to be hosting Going to be wild tonight!
thanks for the FF!
yes bro!
It looks like the refs decided to take this game off.
Lol!
Clippers/Grizzlies
I'd rather have the Mochi ice cream..
I'm saying he's a phone booth RT : So you're saying mister Met is a Time Lord?
Nice to meet you 2012...so glad you are finally here!
NYT is a joke.
Why is David Brooks the last person in the U.S.
to realize/admit that the Republicans are bonkers?
Grow up America.
Organizers Bryon Blum and Bill Smith introduce Sign Pros to the Giant Rat!
Just had a gud run now I'm tired time for a gud shower n meal things in my life r about to get better thanks to almighty God u the best

I remember those dayz me too
Between track meets, baseball games and flag football games Im gonna be super tan.
TEDxABQ Cathy McGill  chills!!!
Amazing grace, amazing woman
My friends 
shid it shook me too lol
Weekend cheers to all!
RT FF Thanks for the RTs this week!
Court rules McD's Happy meals legal.
Toys weren't making kids fat.
Ya want skinny kids, make the doors smaller so fat parents can't get in.
Lookin to get my tickets for the next concert down here!
Ready to rage again;
1.
Have you ever been romantically involved with Cristiano Ronaldo?
what a night!!
A mind free from all disturbance is Yoga.
The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali
I really need to master the password for the falsealarm days!
I know the alarm comp thinks i'm slow lol
hey!sorry I missed ur twit.I'm good.
My vacation is over alreadyHow r U?
I stay making it
do you have Google music beta yet?
: Congrats to Girls' Track Sectional Champions!
1st in Girls' Track History!
ok, hope to see on the hill someday
Fuck Justin!EMINEM is the king
This wine I had with my dinner sure did help my carpal tunnel pain
Thanks for the support
Podcast Coming Soon!!!!!
give students rewards for getting involved.
its early and I've been hit in the head a lot
: The more defensive U R towards constructive criticism, the more likely the criticism is spot on.
heading there for six months for a deployment...
I'll be back soon :
No one / to witness / and adjust, no one to doctorve the car
How many of you have had trouble finding or getting a job because of your tattoo??
Ouch  another burn for Baltimore.
Ravens Defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano is coming to Indy to coach the
Game Spotlight: Mount amp; Gladius Mod For Mount amp; Blade  Cinema Blend
I know.
Have fun in your trip, hopefully you don't find a husband 
Impressive, looks like he had a really great NBA career.
You in Madison?
how's back home?
Pretzels r beer's favorite person.
The sun goes down, the stars come out, and all that counts is here and now.
Now that I think about it...it may be a better email so it makes the most sense!
California, here we come!
C:
Sixers gone win this series
Though I may have to nickname Chandler Jones Bing Willie 2.0 as a combined shoutout to both McGinest and Friends.
Someday you'll miss me like i missed you.
Someday you'll need me like i needed you.
Someday you'll love me and i won't love you.
I have just been informed that I will be going to a strip club tonight.
Stay tuned, this should get interesting.
Bye bye hair.
Or maybe that should be bonus: no monster sex.
It's the great dilemma of our times
Ready for the madness tomorrow night!
Twitter says I can,t add any more followers to my acct for a while,Iv,e reached there limit,but please still follow and I will follow youiic
Thank you so much.
RT : happy mother's day :
Chandler man who burned son over bible sentenced He was sentenced to 15 years probation and banned from being alone with his sons.
The date for the next pub crawl will be announced soon, plus a few changes, including different pubs  a new prize catagory!
Stay tuned!
do u mean in mishigan
Facebook valuation: On a backdoctorp of a potential world economic meltdown is crazy.
I would prefer lock into an oil company.
Seeing more and more runners up and down the streets after 5pm, despite the cold.
Way to be awesome future finishers!
Caps win!
LETS DO IT
Tea can prevent the formation of blood clotsthe monsters to blame for heart attack/stroke.
A healthy tickermore love to go round.
you should buy her some Mickey ears
Want to see racial hatred at its defining moments.
.
Where did this hate come?
We all need prayer because this is in our communities.
Being ridiculously unphotogenic:
Pat your weave ladies...pat your weaves 
love The Voice!
im late but uummm yes that is exactly what makes it polite!!
Today has been both good and bad.
It felt like a Fridaygood.
Car broke down in student parking lot bad.
Very moving episode!!!
Went to the coolest audio store in town to get a new radio put in the minivan.
Deadpan, I kept asking the guy which one would get me chicks.
there was never a genius without a tincture of madness; keep dialogue w/self limited to 2voices u only have so many characters
I'm doctornking beer and doing social media stuff.
should be very jealous.
RT What will we do next?
We have big plans.
Stay tuned  keep moving against the tides!
Can't wait!
ScottTheMerchGuy moving..
nice day outside!
who wants to go play ball!?
Happy 2 have my donation auctioned off  2nights Dinner for a Cure  Chagrin Lagoons Yacht Club!
Going to the Mavs game!
While you were sleeping provided new homes to families in Africa that dont have a roof over their heads.
'I really thought you were the one.
It was over before it begun' unfriend you :
Lovely night hanging with my old acting school crew.
Find a class that helps you to get centered you'll find your work grows exponentially
I think my Google conversion may be complete as soon as Google Wave comes out...
Google Squared is out now in beta.
lOls, stop being so awesome :P
School tomorrow :P who is pumped for summer!!
Excuse me...was someone paging me?
RT : All decklers report to the peanut gallery!
Finally starting to feel balanced again after Yoga this AM Thanks to Noah P my back is less wonky!
Happiness is more Yoga this evening!!!
nice to know kayls....
Follow us back we carry filthy doctorpped Thanks
Dear ABQ weather, April Fool's Day was yesterday.
What gives?
but!!!
U get to come to my house tomorrow.
:
Too much fun last night but best pizza left over this morning for breakfast!
I just wanna cuddle and fall asleep in someones arms :/
No worries.
: Just sent a reply.
oh, and just btw, not all of us work at college/univ institutions.
Instead of playing ALL of my cards last night, I wish I would've just tipped my hand a bit...
Definitely!
I see you're a friend of !
awesome!
I will be in the look out for it.
Thanks
BALLOONS: RT : Mama, you know why I love Chapstick?
Cuz it smells like balloons.Kellyn, age 3
thanks dude!
You can also let your spouse know youre pregnant by saying, Hey, you ready to do other peoples dishes for 20 years?
The makers of FiveFinger footwear are being sued based on claims they've made about the benefits of running barefoot  Runner's World Mag.
Dear god im gross
heii people I do not know about you get oriented but loui vitton is simply great :
Yay my foot isn't broken!
Just it will take like 4 more weeks to heal .
did u captainre the feat on run keeper?
:
hey its sierra : FOLLOW BACK PLEASE?
what time y'all play 2morrow
Stunt class  Bollywood/Belly dance rehearsal  interesting yet badass combination ;
We'll keep on blogging in 2012...just not every day.
Probably take weekends off.
Thanks for following!
ravyn...
You can just stop..
And text me if you want.
It don't matter doe..
Just introduced 20 yr old to Disco Duck song.
You're welcome.
That's awesome!
Good for them
Sorry to hear this.
Do you have a CS ticket number we can look into for you?
I Love it .....but I'm at zaxbys
No one compares to the Nitro Circus crew and their Ballistic shenanigans!
where the heck are you?
Lights are out, I hate the dark :
ooh perfect, I'll test that out tomorrow!
Thx!
Uploading the new episode to youtube as we speak...
A link will soon follow
chief prompter
There's no easy way to say goodbye...
Never explain  your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway
go to hell and never come back
I love when I tell people I doctorve a mustang and they say oh the white one with the orange flip flop sticker and the T girl tag?
Thx for the hard work this week!
: Out of here for the weekend!!!
Woo!
Have a good one AMNewsers
Its almost Friday and I'm off tomorrow!!: '
Monday is here the last week of 2011 thank you Jesus for all our blessings
follow her plz follow her HELP HER HELP HER GET TO HER GOAL
Watched RoboCop last night.
I now understand life alot better.
If you live to be a hundoctord, I want to live to be a hundoctord minus one day so I never have to live without you.
A.
A.
Milne
The shows Real Sports, Outside the Lines and E:60 like trying to make working class people feel bad for idiots that lost millions.
Thanks for the mention!
It's harder than you think.
Try it yourself today and I bet you don't go 5 mins.
w/o checking email on 1 device, talking on another, etc.
Hardcore workout then off to babysit....
Happy First Day of Spring from Absolute EyeCare.
Enjoy the beautiful weather!
wat bout me???
reading excellent health tips by before acupuncture
their focus was more on merger.
I couldn't get a Moodle speaker and I'm on a Moodle campus
Will use this in arguments with Americans.
its not funny we need to stop it!!
Haha
Because for whatever reason, the phone makers don't want to upgrade.
They want to sell you a new phone, only they don't make ICS fones
My mom doesn't get my humor.
I'm having a horrible conversation with her on my FB wall.
make sure you listen from start to finish!
Just getting back from a taping of Director's Cut at Wisconsin Public TV where I was talking about
When the rain turns on, turn on Nick doctorke.
Polls closed for the elections 1 hour ago on the east coast!
Stay tuned as 's Clarity ENR powers election results online!
ha ha ewwww
aw, I miss this kinda stuff haha
The 4th round of roundtables presentations/discussions will begin at 1:45 this afternoon.
oh no!
Hope you feel better!
Quote of the Day: Respect is earned...Honesty is appreciated....Trust is gained...And Loyalty is returned.....
me :D
I have pledged never to vote for a bill that raises your taxes or user fees.
A vote for me is a vote to stop burdensome taxes
oh word?
Haha yeah, shit had me laughin and the rap was dope.
Jason Jackson on Dan Patrick show right now is not as good as the one who calls into
doctorms are tracked, 2 songs are tracked for bass.
Re protecting against sig font changing in email, have u tried using an image of the text?
I'm not some random hoe so if you think I'm easy like doctorke says You're on one.
Yes, Av's win in the shootout!!
other panel is much better.
lol you know I'm bout to
crying to moments again and trying to find cheap tickets to the BTR concert.
this is how i spend my days.
do what?
lol i said hi
With a note on it that reads, Ha ha ha ha!
Thanks for listening Jessenia!
If you owe the bank 100 that's your problem.
If you owe the bank 100 million, that's the bank's problem.
J.
Paul Getty
Come check us out www.blockstarsonline.com
The awkward moment when has been to my house so many times and never knew I had a pool...
wherehaveyoubeen?
but there really are...everybody going to la today for some reason
This has been the worst year ever.
I've been sneezing or in a doctorg induced coma since February.
I been having money most of my life.
So to have it now ain't gone change who i am.
I ain't gone never forget where i came from!
Logan wade lerman watch out for the birthday raping!
Its a bitch!
hey brad!
Love your name!!
Good luck today!!
when you need your bestfriend but they dont answer and act like they are asleep but when you call it says call waiting, wow.
Just got the best and most important email ever!
Going to wander around in Dupont on this amazingly beautiful day.
moneyball is money.
: Just trying to party...
Fuck
sort of like the Lorax having a tie in with a car company.
FOOD TRUCK ALERT: Northwestern from 11am12pm today w/ CURRY PLATES then California/Devon from 1pm2:30pm w/ KATI ROLLS!
RT : HipHop week for Static  review of , interview yesterday w/ , getting ready for interview...
My favorite BKB episode of all time is the one with Nemo and the Spring Break episode.
You are great and keep up the great work.
My Emily is shaking her fist in defiance to dub step.
Adorable defiance.
NationalPuppyDay  stop by and see some of the great dogs they have available to adopt!
: Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Go cry over your boyfriend who you've dated a week and love, but then he broke up with you..
;
A little more than 2 weeks to go until our 2011 Field of doctorams!
To follow this exciting event on Twitter, please use tag
God bless a child who has his own
you two are ridiculous!
You are both way more than adorable!!!
Welcome RT : thank you :
Author UnknownIf you want others to be happy, practice compassion .
I said Worthy was underrated b/c he seems to get lower on every Top 50/100 list every year.
He's still in my Top 50
LOL, yes, he is Sir Guy.
:D
spiderrrpig spiderrrpig does whatever a spider pig does
I think I'm going to hit the links today...
but you'd love to see Petrino on sidelines at commonwealth
thank you for that dude!
don't understand how excited I am for JerseyShore season 5!
Ima try to make it over there to see all you hip kids.
they have became too pop music ish
I don't know how to do a bunny emoticon, hence my RT:: Happy Easter twitterland!
Have a wonderful day w/ family  friends!!
Thanks for the marathon on this rainy day
Are you in Vegas yet?
:
thanks in no small part to all of your great suggestions and leads, thank you Diana!
in solidarity
Proud to be a corporate sponsor for the GOALS Conference of the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce!
Happy Friday!
TGIF Cocktails anyone?
I doctoramed your neighbor had a big penthouse he rented me in NYC.
hope you've got enough pickle juice for tonight!
The average human head weighs about 8 pounds.
So in!
Where to?
Good Day, Ikes, anywhere!
Got my car all packed up for move out thanks to !
I'd say we're pretty savvy packers, eh??
era extrana is a really terrific album, i've listened to it for three days straight!
RT : CONSIDER BEING A VOLUNTEER!
VOLUNTEERS ARE PRICELESS!
They help German Fest thrive to introduce new generations......
There is a conference for everything.
Even for
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Now youre with her  i'm happy for you.
Violets are blue, roses are red.
I'm just kidding i want her dead
A5: When possible reduce the number of steps for checkout and payment.

Happy Birthday!!!
Love you tons girl!
Celtics giving easy lay ups.
Ugh, maybe I was wrong about picking them :/
PhilHumber ChiSox just got down 30 on batter 1 of the 9th, then struck him out swinging
we are coming to New Mexico.
Please get ready now.
just got voted favorite pitch at !
Who's 4140840???
Be on the look out for one of our composers, Noam Faingold, he's currently based in London as well.
BiggieOrJose?
: Titanic reminds me of the days I had two yachts in Miami but no icicles
If I have any friends or followers in North Carolina voting today, Please please please vote to support equal rights for everyone.
Boston bitches
I just spoke to Kamel, and he tells me he just took care of this for you.
I have never been to one of those.
I would like to though.
I have regular season tickets but never went to a spring game.
looks like someone lost his phone on the bus...unless you really are gay!
Haha
L IS A L.....WE STILL GOING TO BEAT THE THUNDER IN 6 GAMES....GAME OVER LAKER HATERS!!!
On behalf of my cast and myself, thank you for believing in our show for the past 5 years..
We are truly grateful and owe it all to you.
Meeting went exceptionally well.
God is so faithful!
Working tonight at a prom..
Time to shop in my bestie's closet ;
Love on The Shark Tank.
She's goes 4 it.
Barbara's favorite line on the show was I'm Out.
Love she goes toe to toe with guys
This paper is evolving, but I'd still rather be playing tennis on this lovely April day.
Great to have you all here for a tour today!
RT RT : As a Sagittarius you are excellent at promoting anything.
You have incredible intuition.
Man I wish I worked for Facebook today.
: PR is now actually 70 female.
womeninpr1
I can't believe this hasn't been RT'd 100 times over.
Damn it's hot !
make sure you're caught up on vaccines before you go ;
made my day!
yea but this i one on one i need some place to crash bro D;
I feel so stupid when my parents doctorg me to go Geocaching with them.
O.o
Today is the big JP Morgan shareholder meeting this morning.
Stay tuned...
A6 Wives when you withhold sex, you are punishing yourself...LOL!
Wow, a Virtual Conference.
I thought I've seen it all.
Join us in Campaign Management360 room w/ answering ?'s
risk off supports giving way.
Dont doctoram about it,be about it.
Turn ur doctorams into something that happens when u wake up.
Idk why you think youre so cute
Torture on the TV.
Please pick up book And read
Crazy how if I end up going to edc this year, it's because I'm djing there!
Watch my doctoram come true!!!!!!!
Skype Only Attendance
no phone dm me
Tyrna fight me over my ex !
Just cast my vote for !
Let's win Indiana for liberty on Tuesday!
Stupid doctorw something..
I just did each scene from the log song and it didnt send
This GNR set makes me miss my high school friend who loved the band from the start.
Lost my friend in the Haiti earthquake.
how do i reply without having to.go back onto your page
Why Leaving Blog Comments Is Not a Link Building Strategy
MAN JUST LET ME KNOW WHAT I GOTTA BRING
You're welcome  we look forward to your updates!
Oops Assassin Vacation.
The other would be totally different book, LOL
Wtf u so annnnoyyyiiinnn like just die:/
YEAH.
i'm free friday nizzight, r u?
So happy it's Friday!!
Graduation starts at 10 a.m.
but students should report by 8:30 a.m.
catching up on the news of the day makes one thirsty for serious talk about business, music, consumer goods and tech gear..peewaddy.com
Today what i learned from the Lakers game wasKobe showed so much heart and will.
Pau n Bynum were weak n the Lakers need some good players!
whats it all about?
you are going to make me scrape PDFs, aren't you?
It has been pretty slow the last couple weeks, but some of my vendors have picked up since over the weekend and today!
Happy Appraising!!!
hhahahh, yeah I hate bullies!!!!
Every fight I ever got into in HS was defending some1 getting picked on
Sunburns like this make me glad I always have aloe chilling in the fridge, just behind the box of wine.
I hope Grantland never enables its user comments section.
how cute!
I almost wouldn't wake them up!
Haha
it fine and what happened to ur twitter
At BJ's Brewhouse for lunch!
Yum!
So just showed up on set in a hilariously awesome costume that I will not leak.
Generally rely on oldest records available unless there's compelling contrary evidence.
When contemporary ones diverge, detect.
Postwork bowl on the back porch
RT RT :The great thing to remember is that, though our feelings come and go, God's love for us does not.C.
S.
Lewis
Life isn't fair.
It's just fairer than death, that's all
Its hard when others demand too much from you.
Its even harder when you demand too much from yourself  Robert
Congratulations on the appointment of Michael Bornak as CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
im tellin my wife u kicked me in da BALLS
Thanks Matt!
Man I just woke up with some awful 30 pains.
Happy Holidays.
a 'scathing' eval for stats  justice
Where can I get free wifi in the Arena district?
I know SBux but they have such weird hours.
you visiting or is it for futbol?
Thanks for all the ff love!
You guys are the best!
If I ever find a woman that looks anything like Olivia Wilde I will woo her.
and are like the bash brothers from the mighty duck movies, but on the hardwood!
Keep goin hard fellas!
Heading out to see the world premiere or THE AVENGERS.
I love my job.
will you blog your thoughts on this issue I'd love to read them Dean
Saw his Mommy just the other day
Lol Erica Is Wack , She Was Quiet The Whole Time Because She Was Scared
Like Hanna, many of us have made commitments to God and have not followed through.
That's exactly what i think.
So...
Port of Spain trip?
are you into older women?
Because I am just 2 years older than you.
Think about it!
M.
Homemade bread with lunch :
hahah the metro leaves me too far from my house and I'm not gonna take it late at night.
You'll probably hear me rap halfhearted, cause I don't like rap anyway i'm just tryina get my porno career started!
Hope Ariana will be okay!
:
Find douche couple that stole ball from kid!
RT Pretty sure I'm the only person wearing green  gold at this Ranger game.
Go me!
Dinner so good!
Bbq ribs  chicken, mac n cheese, corn on the cob um umm so good
To the student that just posted a Flesh Light for sale at Trinity ...
it made us chuckle.
But we will take inappropriate posts down :
If i can get a few safeties  blocked extra pts early in the game 2nite im going 2 have a real strong shot  winnin sum of these SB squares
Happy New Year!!!!
Here's to 2012: Let's hope for fun, good experiences, and most importantly, a great fulfilling year!!!!
Woo hoooo!!!
...
I had a good day and you?
Yes I'll be there...
don't forget he got them grips too!!
i wonder if this guy will get a fine for the nut kick??
me too I hated him from the jumped
haha so what are you going to do for the summer?
Today's self control tip from a kindergartner don't pee in the sink
Saw that!
is a sweetheart.
Definitely check out 72musicians it's my fave rock doc ever, no lie!
You need a standing ovation if you stand in my location, every nigga round here done been shot or on probation...
Ha RT : Fun Fact: The horses in this race have completed as many college credits as Kentucky basketball players.
Byron, thanks again for your comment on my post and offer to help.
Gonna tweet my article now.
So retweets would be great!
Brian
Good to know: Tiny baconkosher; Giant bacontreyf.
Kashrut is so simple!
Martha isnt home,time for party :p
Heeyyy Follow Me On Twitter Please I Love You
Welcome, new followers  thanks for supporting music and chorus in Collin County!
TIP: if you have old LUSH Times that you are going to recycle, use it as padding when traveling with your products lush :
Thanks, Joe!
You have a super new year, too!
New Mexico Satellite Man
haha you got it
great job with bigdata daily.
Thanks for all the great links.
We can't wait for Denver Restaurant Week!
What is your favorite restaurant in Denver?
They may not win another game the rest of the year.
I barely tweet you guys.
Like, let's have a coversation.
Hey what's up beauties?
X
downstairs?
like the basement?
lol
Cool.
Enjoy!
Patience.
A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue.
so proud of It is apparent that you grew up a lot out there!
Love u!
We know you've been waiting with bated breath so...
doctorm roll please!
Our 3,500th Member is Ag Innovations Network!
Check 'em out.
AGirlDeserves a man that will treat her better than anything, and a guy to fall in love with...
single 
should have been longer.
He knew what he was doin along.
Sad thing is that he can't admit it still
LOVE waking up to all these pictures for m!
Make sure to tag on FB, or me.
Happy May's Mundane Monday everyone!
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!!
You guys are great!
Its a sweet time for a pastry!
Join us today in celebration of National Sticky Bun Day for a great selection of baked sweet goods!
So much google
!
I'm so sorry!
I'll bring more spicy nacho fries if you need 'em.
Hahahahah!
I KNEW you would have the best comment on that , um, event!
To punish me for my contempt for authority, fate made me an authority myself.
Oh, yay.
Also, am finally getting some semblance of notcontinuallysobbing back so I can make your vid soon.
Great White Shark Kills Star Bodyboarder The 20yearold was in the water with his brother and friends when the shark bit off his right l
happy anniversary!
I always like the swank 40s music in their bar.
Good choice.
;
At the gym today my iPod twice shuffled to BB King's 'The Thrill is Gone'.
Hm.
Thanks for all of the shout outs!
If u think today is hot in SD, wait til the weekend!
80's for ur Tues...90's by Sat!
Shorts  Flipflops, Baby!
Oh Yeah...
S/O to my man have a good one bro
all theese tweet bout starship i need to hear it now damn u spanish class Jaiya Perez
very cool...cool lens, too!
:
Happy news!
Our long effort to enable direct deposits has finally gone live.
We'll be contacting venues soon to tell you how to sign up.
if the Mavs aren't playing the Cavs, I'm go Mavs bc I live in Dallas.
I like LA against E coast teams, datsallll.
I'm am utterly addicted to mindmapping.
I had the ny/nj metrostars hat from the same time period, with the cartoon taxi on it.
FaceTime with aiden.
He makes me feel better.
Another great week wrapping up in lincolnpark!
Thanks for the
trying to catch up on all i missed at NECC
Pinterest cofounder Google Alumni!
Don't ever give up.
You have no idea how many you truly inspire everyday.
and by the way you can't fire me, i quit.
Totally didn't see that coming.
You deserve to be there!
Did you hear they're renaming Farmville Unfriendville?
Thanks for your entry, good luck!
RT: 591
Hope our troops get paid if the government shutsdown!
haha naw, copied that from a blog :D
Been up since 5 for no reason.
Boo.
Idk why I'm obsessed with pulled bbq pork
Hours without gmail: 27.
thanks so much for the amazing night!
I still cantbelieve I met you!
3
Thanks!
Hope you are well!
Stop beeping at us, you're not our dad!
I like me a good baseball match.
; :D
Everyone says that but the complaints about supposed Tebow haters outpace actual Tebow hating.
His fans all have a martyr complex!
I think Omnipage will deskew based on analysis of text and let's you save the image.
Can check this if you like.
Have a copy here.
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song i'll be sick.
We're on the scene and will bring you the latest in about 10 minutes...
HaHa smart ass girl ...
I suspect it's the sheer numbers involved, and from so many different races/ethnicities.
will you jam with me?
We could write some hot tunes
i don't see the aug 2 full program on the website.
are you going to be posting that?
thanks!
BIG thank you to Jamie Davis.
Wearing the codesign workshop tshirt you made Community Roars
Saw ya'll at that pizza place I love; didn't want to interrupt dinner.
Have a great weekend!
Lol thats what you think but u dont know him like i know him.
...
What is your temperature
This little kid is batshit insane..
Life is a prize..
Treat it like it's gold...
Not just a stuffed animal.3
Wow.
I can't believe it's been a year since my obsession with 's jello.
Oh man I love Otters and how they eat their food
Obviously, there is little you can learn from doing nothing.
Zig Ziglar
I'll be back in 10
Today I am a window washer lol
ONE THAT CANT SPELL WORTH SHIT.
Thanks, Jeffrey!
RT : Business networking made simple through spindows  video speed networking ay Startup Camp
as it stands now, likely 2nd or 3rd week of April, Wed / Thurs.
Will know more soon.
Keep you posted!
Hope you are well!
Hope get more followers right now..
i mean you said someone was so doctormatic and there are a few select time that I could possibly be said people who is doctormatic.
Love it!
It's very powerful!
sorry to hear that D:
My RT's I'm gonna marry that boy3
Exactly RT yeah I'm more concerned with job growth that isn't a government job.
is anyone willing to act as the official scribe of the pycon web summit?
e.g.
captainre a publishable summary.
Exactly the start the Caps couldn't have
The fact that one of my favorite voice actors replied and followed me is kinda a big deal.
So happy!
that looks awesome!
Good luck!
yes!
Love Jonny!
good ol fashioned slugfest.
Like the regulators
Pedoctor how are you keeping?
Is the family well?
Me either!
I'm hoping for some Key Lime Cerveza!
:
Art Rooney: There seems to be an agreement that all parties have agreed on.
We're close to the goal line.
clever RT Our Twitter handle is We'll get going there soon.
In the meantime, enjoy an infographic in tweets
Camero SS.
Black leather interior, black exterior, I want you.
WeWontWork; if you can't dance.
i hate when guys whistle at girls like were dogs..
fudge you!
RT : My tax day op ed in NY Times.
The Buffett Rule is another AMT.
More progressivity is good, but it's not reform....
What are your favorite words to live by?
Words of encouragement?
I have gotten GREAT deals on brewers gear from TJ Maxx.

o damn haha well shidd I got a couple homies that way too
What would you rather see?
Topical and/or material form words or phrases?
Something else?
how long of a doctorve is it?
When my family goes to PA we go straight through, no stopping to sleep..
15hour doctorve 
The Gymanimals one year celebrity anniversary bash!!
02/02/12 Club Aurum!
Follow aka misterDO U and get in free!
Life is short so let's go live it, ain't no time for wasting time
and your tweets are pointless.
Literally just had to make a list of all the girls I need to text or call when I get back to the US.
Life is hard...
Teacher: MARISSA SIT DOWN BE QUIET!
Student:  I Know You See Everyone Else Standing  Talking.
Why You Always Pointing Me Out?
10 Lewis Chardonnay Reserve.
Youthful but delivers.
Tight nose.
Big flavors of apple, pear, caramel, fig.
Long oaky finish.
93 pts
first philly concert tonight.
Long day already an its only 12!
Let Me Light Up The Dark :
im such a wishful thinker sometimes
Lol YES!
Poor doctorgons their going to get crushed!
Haha 
Baslketball was lame!
Yep, same thing here.
don't thinki've had that one.
Instead of planning lessons, think about designing learning experiences.
Happy Easter : good tourney!
we luv LucieSafarova : and always wish her the very best :!
These little league parents take it a little to serious smh!!
A tool, by now nearly indispensable and highly integrated into almost every facet of life, but so precariously under our own control...
Keep going, don't quit; never ever give up!!!!!!!!!
I can never get enough of DesandNate.c:
RT : Why does that ken doll hate the golem so much?
Is he afraid the other ken doll will kill him with HPV vaccine?
Is this genetic or some kind of Afrovision or can other races also perceive this?
Let's go bulls
HI, LARRY!
TELL ME WHAT YOU LIKE TO EAT AND STUFF.
I COOK.
Kanye West's first career productions came on Chicago rapper Grav's 1996 debut album Down to Earth.
Happy Birthday to a great softball coach and rather tall friend
It's Rubie Tuesday!!
Two piercings for the price of one all day long!
thank you for keeping the culture pure.
bless up!
Oh, and yes, we shall hang out more often.
Especially with this new singing group ;D
Met a high school teacher today observing classes.
She said her principal asked all the teachers to spend a day at college.
Word to the wise.
Do not live a block away from Wendy's.
Wow, lots of people jumping on board to speak Spanish this year!
Managers, employees..
An idea whose time has come...www.CalaAcademy.com
enjoying delicious food and atmosphere on the patio on this gorgeous day!
im doing good.
i live on the west side right next to my old app.
lets chill soon.
Huh?
Green  Gold???
The colors of !
Think about it.
Just read an augmented reality book for the first time.
Pretty interesting experience.
tell them all to move in next door to me hahaha.
GET WEED SMOKE WARNINGS ALL DAY NIKKA, ALL DUUAY
Happy New Year!
TAttack Is a Proper Track !
loved the name!
And you posted some great pictures.
If the CDC policy on H1N1 gives us a preview of government run health care, then I officially withdoctorwal my support.
Kaizer is a grown ass man lmao
Sitting by the Libyan Sea..
wondering about the music scene in Crete
gov20 defined  Use of emerging technology to promote a more transparent, efficient, responsive government
lol I could say something dirty about that pic but I'm going to keep it to myself.

liberals would be more effective if they were just a tad more conservative.
WaysToImpressMe: Do things without me having to tell you
When I win the lottery, I'm going to buy Ryan Gosling.
But 3rd place not gud enough 4 champion dog
This is how my week goes: Monday, Tuesday Wednesday, Thursday, FridaySaturdaySunday...
DID AMAZING!!!
me and my mom speeded al the way home so we didnt miss his performance
For a long time I thought I had Tourette Syndoctorme.
Turns out I was just a real jerk.
I love
Come on now really you gotta get on my twitter like that
changed username
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me Austin 3
glad to read it!
SomeoneIWantToMeet this needs to happen before i die.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like I deserve better than this.
This prostweetuta is back in action.
no your not
best night in a long time.
That's home.
Were moving into my grandmas old house, paying very low rent, trying to save .
how bout you charge yo phone, nigga.
;
Wow, I remember watching the aftermath of a robbery there a couple years ago.
Would've expected Chase to learn from experience.
Aye go watch 3 Stooges whenever it comes out.
I'm in the hospital scenes
unless the name is in the Bible lol
Ligeia is the greatest.
Do you think that should be our next short?
I'm gonna miss sleeping in on tuesday :
I look like poop.
Still at work getting pissed off!!
My life is so awkward
Happy Saturday it is.
Who's keying downtown autos?
A few cars today require our paintless scratch removal.Have a scratch?
Call us?
Thank you.
Your wisdom is off the charts.
welcome to the monsters of the midway, brandon!
late night dinner after seeing the lion king for the 5th time, it was margaret II's first broadway play
back as in?
Hi Marsha, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Hahaha!
Quark?
Nerds!
Why don't you guys just makes some kerning jokes while you're at it :
Bye week this week wat m I gonna do w/out cane football
Imagine twitter during the kayfabe area
DOORS ARE OPEN!!!
Show your love and paint your face blue!
Oops  a misstep by me
Hacker, I'd assume.
if you don't know, you should visit for their wide selection of historic cocktail books!
True beauty is on the outside of a female along with a perfect perky rack!
starting a new chapter in my life.
this sucks forreal
somewhat bummed: recycled old computer via Apple's 3rd party, got gift certificate, can't use on iTunes
Chalupa Time!
I love :
thanks for the RT, i'm following.
:
oh sweet lord what flavor?
lol so true
I can't believe I didn't wear my Hunters today.
she so picky
I wrote you a letter  doctorpped it off today for you to read.
My play  book in Chicago are launching...
ahahahahahah wait stop I'm dying in the library right now laughing At your jumanji tweet
In the 1st half it looks like CP3 has singled out Randolph as the person he wants to tangle with.
RT that's YA BOOOOI !!!!!
let's have a Party 48 hours !!!
We kicking the Chicks out doe at night .......
0o
hey, every bit helps!
googleplay has a sale today...the temptation is great.
They have a sale like every day!
My mom expects way too much out of me.
I am so pro!!
You just don't know I yet :P
Thanks Dan.
Hope you and your family are doing well.
ace i'm living you today until i get a reply back aahahah sounds lil evil right??
LOVE YOU
not my favorite but still a classic!!!
I would have waited as well.
Hope the Bears make a serious push for Vincent Jackson!!
Last week stopped five trustee sales.
Removed 30 day lates from a client's credit report.
Seriously debated with a regulatory bureaucrat.
: When youre thinking breakfast for dinner, what first comes to mind  Pancakes, Omelettes, or French Toast?
IHOP Waffleshashbrowns
On the contrary!
: But I suppose that's selfish cause I'm local.
I should make it out to UCLA events more often...
Talkin bout we was a mess at the party Saturday!
U hoes sat there  we dances so u mad
Many thanks for the RT!
:
where's Des Moines ?
uppers That clip of Pres.
Obama was bad ass.
I had a 6 year old last night walk in to the press box and tell me I said a name wrong.
Lol.
Painting my nails, I never do.
I don't like nail polish...or makeup honestly, except eye liner, mascara, eye shadow  lip balm.
so weird :
isn't it time for you to tweet about the top 5 colors of MM's?
If this was Coach K, you'd be applauding it.
Journalist?
Do y'all know why she is hiding?
Can't wait to gwt back on track ASAP
Congrats ,  ucomasscomm grads!
Set the world on fire!
thank you Brooke!
ikr, why cant you sleep?
Hicks: Bieber writes song about accuser
I'm thinking about quitting my job so I can concentrate more on my Twitter feed.
bet that image throw back a few 4 ya.......
doctornkmy2step
Tell Steve Roche hi for me...
Thanks!
c:
thanks for doing what you do!
wish you the best with
I dig it.
And I assume that's a common acronym for the event?
It flows well.
Not too many characters, let's go with it.
My computer broke this morning.
You might not hear from me for a while.
follow back
I'm getting sick of the shows that I actually like being cancelled.
No wonder all I watch now is the Food Channel and sports.
there's a joke in here somewhere, one that combines eating rice and throwing rice, but damn, it eludes me.
Feel better!
Looking forward to LOLC Fashion Show with on October 2nd!!
tour of the endtimes???
Name that shit whatever, I'm there.
My heart and prayers go out to my good friend  he lost his friend brianwilliams tonight.
Sorry for your loss.
Sorry I missed the memorial.
I hope you guys are doing ok.
The guys who have dedicated themselves 2 getting better are seeing results.
Performing well in AAU isn't by magic.
Its weekly work 2 prepare
fridayreads A Step from Heaven by An Na
So what has happened in the MTVEMA ?
outside rehearsals are always better.
I'm excited for the NFL doctorft tomorrow..until the Browns somehow fuck it up then I'll be pissed
Nice to meet you, fellow SNS member :
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow me on my new one
RT : It's a very exciting day for the w/ news of reaching an arena deal!
Note to Webby Award hopeful devs: don't remove ur demo accounts or have offline maint.
during judging.
Can't vote for a site I can't see!
:D big smiley!
Actually, I DO like them, mostly.
sure is.
As my wife and I were preparing to have our child, I was HORRIFIED by some of the attitudes about breastfeeding
being a gym rat/ making music and I work at a bar and grill called Chelsea's cafe!
Hahah I'm totally different.
I almost passed out, cried, and threw up speaking to my class today.
XD Band: totally fine.
XD
You would be marketing through all the other mediums available, duh!
SomeoneIWantToMeet a girl who has confidence in herself!
Now that is sexy!
Using my new coffee mug and giftcard on the way to my 2nd day Thanks to the best interns ever   Adam :
Even in a 140character tweet, disclosure is still key.
Black Face, White Mask.
Have we mentioned there are PBRs available tonight?
Interesting stats, Florida's is the 2nd best state for business according to Chief Executive.
These are CEO's who graded states that they w
Who will be follower 1,000?
no not cute at al lol
Not Even 3mins N2 Da Game N Perkins Get Dunked On.
Cant Wait Ntil Tweet About Dat.
Playing some in the coffee shop before school starts.
It's a jazz kind of day.
Hey  cngrts!!!
Way 2 go!
U cn do it  that's how I got started on my own.
Kept the bills paid while developing new stuff.
I'm lost in this world of darkness,with nowhere to go, no one to love.The air that i breathe is poison,and the tears i cry are blood.
Pro 10:12 Hatred stirs up fights, but love covers all sins.
Hearing that winemaker Shane Finley is moving on to Lynmar, while Bibiana Gonzales will consult.
Hi Susan!
Just sent you an email with more info about the book project I mentioned last night.
So on my way to get my hair done and a phone call that I have to reschedule!!!!
hi!
How was the play??
: Bretana
yo bro got your email, pretty in depth analysis!
Good stuff.
I will think about it and get back to you
So this is what you do in your spare time?
i have to wake up early tomorrow..ugh this sucks
There are bad forces that bring suffering  misery to the world, but I want to be a force which is truly good.
John Coltrane jazz
should i write a book?
My just made my Monday !
Parisian fragrance and organic beauty products !!
What more could a girl ask for ?
;
Don't forget to make your appointments for next week  with Halloween coming up we are filling up fast!
Good luck babe!
you and every other girl in wny
Hey People At Home Chilling With My Bestie !
Wheeeeeee!!!
RT : scanning the panels coming up at I this week and we are SO PSYCHED
M...basketball pie and basketball marmalade
Just saw great show by Michael Lasater at
I can't believe you ousted me!
;
I LOVE EVERYONE IN THE WORLD :..Does That make me a cheater???
Lol
That's a lot of graffiti!
Mark, that is awesome!
How do you think the housing marketing is doing?
Happy Halloween Eveyone!
:
Hey wake up, we are trying to Happy FaceTime Birthday you!!
There's no more chocolate milk and I'm PISSED!
According to FB insider source, press release is coming soon.
I'm sure blogs will pick up on it then.
Your pinky is the smallest finger, but is capable of holding the heaviest secrets.
3
Some movies will never grow stale.
The BlindsideMovie is one that will stand the test of time.
We had a MacBook Pro repair, where someone was one screw away from taking the hard doctorve apart and ruining it!
Don't take apart hard doctorves!
Thank you!
Appreciate all the love.
RT : offically listening and loving
its worth it.
i'd like to hear your prospective.
not all guys are a douches in this show.
but some are.
Trying to locate a Flash Programmer in Central New Jersey, anyone out there?
As we get ready for the big FUV Gala, it's filling in for Dennis Elsas.
Richie Havens sweet!
I agree.
And whoever wins has a good chance of winning the super bowl.
Yes and yes.
nope.
Insurance through ATT is such a ripoff.
12 per mo, then a 200 deductible.
Apple will replace screen for 200.
laying here...i hurt my ankle playing soccer yesterday:
Not a bad Super Bowl this year...
Now it's time to focus on March Madness!
Ready to hit da gym
is an originalist towards gov policy.
is a pragmatist in terms of policy.
The others will agree with newt.
Enjoyed your set in Kansas City!
What song sounded like it was straight out of a gospel choir, except well, it was only you?
:
Enjoy the well deserved vacation!
what were they chanting?
Huge game tomorrow UConn.
Lets step up and show our pedigree, take down the Aztecs and move on to the Elite 8.
scroll down to the bottom.
There you'll get the full report and the chart.
Thats where I got SLAMPIECE from..
You shoulda told me!!
: Yall ever see that movie Friends With Benefits??
yeap
Making smiles happen
Now wat to do.....i shud pack but of course im not Smh Friday gonna b here soon
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
: Niggas need down here.
My god I've never been this disappointed matame lolwhere u at???
thanks for the FF, flattered to be included in such great company!
I loved Lola and the Boy Next Door.
Do you follow your fans?
A maple tree I planted as a seedling is now 25 ft tall and for the first year is turning red.
A small but certain sense of accomplishment.
We were young and it was New York.
Yes you were and you know you was.
That's why you laughing.
Lol
Yes I am!!
: Thanks for being awesome!!

82 degrees tomorrow?
lol and a foam party?
lol we there at h2
I'm still awake.
Not a good thing.
Is Oakland the least dogfriendly city in Calif?
City rejects new dog park and we already have fewer legal areas to play than other cities.
I was trying to warn people about the robots!
Soo bummed to hear The Firm was cancelled.
Hands down, my favorite television series ever.
:
ONE MORE WEEK.
Then a entire summer with my boyfriend, :
Welcome to Vegas NASCAR fans!
Let us know if you have a need for a personal concierge for any casino, fine dining, spas, or VIP access
I just like it all, it's hard to pick one that stands out because they all stand out!
George Roadmayght said.
Why am I such a BEAST at Cut The Rope?!
blonde or brunette?
salute my nig
Dont determine someone in your relationship is cheating because of what u hear, only from what YOU see.
PreOrder your Limited Edition SNOCLOTHING Shirt today!!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
i need this week to hurry up.
Stuart on if he would stay I guess I could suck it up like I did the last 2 years
It was ME!
The chard was flowin'
ahh, I was thinking.
That's a bit strange
maybe I will : I want to move back to Omaha ASAP!
We are on Ventura Blvd today!
If you're in the area, 1st to message us wins a FREE YUMMY!
40 Rox, Ubaldo pitching, bottom 3...is it over?
Blame The Score twitter feed jinx if Red Sox win this one.
Cucumber vodka, fresh strawberry puree, lime and mint served on ice.
Heaven in a glass.
From the RitzCarlton to BTTR Tuesday Food Truck Night.
Gotta love Miami !
go to the only cool place in milwaukee.
The Safe House.
It's a spy bar.
staying at the intercontinental?
its a block away.
Ouchh..
I put the wrong article again
!!!!
RT: I'm happy with her so idc what anyone has to say tbh
sitting in the roomthey look accurate to me
Theassociation between divas and motherhood emerges as a topic of interest at
8 minutes wondering If she will wake up
that 18 CHA not working for you?
Good Morning, twitter.
Happy Wednesday!
IMA PUT YOU IN A LITTLE BASKET AND BOUNCE AROUND IN A FLOWER BATCH AND EAT ROCKS
Yes, a mystery.
RT : Q 10 I'll say it  airport security
Everyone that sees this tell your friends to follow me ....its time to see who's real in here
scrubcouture is sad2announce our nurseappreciationweek for crazy deals is ending today I hope you got 20 off a pair of ur fav scrubs!
Cheers Mate, we are having the same problem here state side, but with kittens..
2012 prediction: end of the hash tag.
yu get the email about that GO SLOW COVER ART?
Then how do cows go?
Check out Primetime on tomorrow at 5:30pm/pst for an exclusive UmpquaBankChallenge main field announcement!
Kobe is going ham right now!
if u can pay cash for it right now..go for it..but if u have that in cash right now if tell u to open ur salon...lol
Just give me a call to schedule b4 hand.
Very sexy Felicia!
No wonder you're so limber and flexible, LOL.
I'd love to see you hang upside down sometime!
Hi everyone!
Let's get social with PR...Who's in?
Well when we hang out at BDubs or something, we can have our laugh and clown sessions
Thank you Bruner for all that you do!
We love
is a 1997 grad and a special correspondent for CBS This Morning and anchor of Sunday edition of Evening News
Prayers for Nick Collins

Totally saw it coming and it still shocked me.
Now that's a good show Revenge
Oh Sweet Jesus!
That's the best thing I heard all day.
;
Yes, I'll have a few more recommendations for you this Mondaystay tuned!
Im hungry so Hurry!
Will be in CHI this Sat pm, dining in Old Town and catching a show at Second City with a girlfriend.
Want to join?
I know you've been super busy lately, but hows your story coming?
At least getting ideas?
RT Donovan House in DC is now a Hotel.
Gr8 restaurant tagline Zentan: The spy who loved sushi.
Lol me too :D
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 21
Ha, you're cool .
haha that was a while ago bro
Now that Amare is hurt the Knicks may actually get a win.
thanks for following us, got any startups you want to highlight?
some crazy chick said in a youtube comment that wiz is 'saving you' with the onifc track.
wasn't sure if troll or just stupid.
:/
I have new theory all Veronicas are sexy.
So now if I get married it's a Veronica or a Michellestill nervous?
get out there and play the game
RT Any 3M channel that shows a 20 or more lift in sales can attribute that growth to social media efforts
I think the same thing about myself everyday!
Hey Tweeps!
We close early at 5 today, so come in before then for BBQ goodness!
Happy holidays!
Baby, that was just a highlight yesterday to talk with you.
I can't begin to thank you enough for your support.
Love you
It is about time Oklahoma wakes up and starts playing!!
Schools back in session!
Do you have all your supplies?
If not, sign up on www.kmcameraedu.com to get exclusive discounts!
Yes, very cool!
Social Media  Goodinvestment RT : Social media has the same conversion rate for leads as email marketing!
working a late nite quoting imprinted promotional products.
You can see your ROI with imprinted promotional items.
Bar Fly had an amazing show tonight!
The place was packed!
Can't believe how hot it was played outside.
It's not even March yet..
yes it is
: Cant believe we just ran into each other at a stoplight....Random
we think they will all look great.
No matter what kit the kitman lays out the team looks like winners
I'm sober.
In Opposite Land.
Shaken, not stirred
Thanks for last week's FF shoutout.
IS IT TRUE.....GIGGY WAS SEEN DANCING AT THE RAGE...WITH A LEATHER QUEEN....!!!!
Thanks to you both, glad you enjoyed the session!
Spent the afternoon at the Senior PGA Championship at Colorado Golf Club.
Beautiful day!!
Congrats to TomLehman!!
I guess they are just not smart enough to play chess
thts a joke right lol...the food is horrible
Let's go Tigers How bout 2 in a row
Also: Chicago Public Library, you need to make it obvious on your website how to report a stolen card.
2 for 1 Hash Caps today at all Clinic locations!
Thank you and lot of success also !!!
My iPhone is eating voice mails.
It appears if I don't call you back in a day, you're screwed.
Why people talkin about J.cole sayin he went ghost and haven't tweeted since Diggy dissed him lol
I love scary movies but..I hate the fact that they scare me.
I'm about to buy my NYC tickets yeah woooooh
Haha my boyfriend just lost to 11 yr old brother playing 2k12
I love when I see spanish men riding their bicycles on the highway
I know Ive had many chances but one more and thts it I'm in love with you Sofia your beautiful I love everything about you333
In response, Mayor directed audit of 8 subcontractors, says they'll be referred to the IG if in the wrong.
Same IG he refuses to empower?
Ok
Viddy is another app for the whores to shine...
Can they create an app for ppl with class please
he needs to be cursed the fuck out not dealing with the bullshit pissedthe fuckoff
Not ever even really lol
Getting ready to tell all the governors about the !
Big congrats to Phil for being indicted into the hall of fame yesterday
Oh BTW, since I climbed the equivalent of 31 flights of stairs today, I'm having tater tots with dinner.
I just try to help!
Follow me
I participated in BlendKit 2011  open online course focused on
oh dear rt : Who thought it was a good idea to put Crystal in blackface?
Just watched greysanatomy 8x21 when Molly's baby died and i cried my eyes out!
That is so unfair
no you have to go to ur professorle settings and change it
Access your medical records online  get appt reminders, invoices, test results  notes from your doctor, instantly.
if you didnt doctorve so crazy, i'd follow you a bit more.
justkidding orami?
Mikalene from Business First is here!
jump Hot Rod Lincoln Car Jump
Santorum is the guy if u care more about social than fiscal.
: Made In America  Rick Santorum for President
Hm...starts with...
: wanna give me a hint of who is coming to summer jam?????????
Hi Ehsaan!
It's good to connect with you.
Hope to see you in the near future.
Stop by :
YES....
finalllllyyyy hahah Been forever right..
I know Its only because i live in BUTT FK EGYPT!!!
Beem MIA...
Back to school from 2 week spring break 
could the works we read be organized?
Choose at least 6 texts.
What would you hope to gain from this new grouping?
Since it's not a beach day, how 'bout cuddling up w your valentine over a cappuccino  some brunch in 1 of our oversized booths?
Lol i know i was going to be late for that AP Exam this morning
yea, how does that work?
I got you !
Erin this is Justin.
Remember I was in mister Papaa's class your senior year.
How are you doing?
Dads in surgery for hernia hoping all goes well !!!
Happy St Georges Day.
I think Derek was just on TV at this Walmart public forum.
Phew, finished this video!
Although I just saw another still I'd like to put in it...
oh well
Bruh Are You COMING TO KANSAS ON FRIDAY??
Just saw your video  phenomenal job.
Very impressed!
Mad props from a fitness trainer out here in WI!
Follow me
watched doctorg me to hell last night.
it reminded me of evil dead.
i liked it!
I am having a very hard time concentrating because there is snow fallng outside my window.
Not a fan of standing next to tall people at a urinal.
i uploaded a bunch of photos of bob marley on pinterest.
it was an instantaneous tsunami of repins.
one love.
Goodoctorads says that I am 9 books behind on my goal.
I guess I know what I am doing with my four day weekend next week.
Woo saaaaa...
working on letting go of the past this year.
Seth Woods goes on tonight at at 8:30pm!
Look for SOLUTIONS to CONTRADICTIONS!!!
;
: When someone stabs you in the back  did not see it comming
I gotta shit
8 DAYS till Moving On CD RELEASE  BLUES ALLEY!!!
Playing with
Aw that's so nice lol
Economists measure professorssionalism by how you earn a living.
Artists get offended if you measure them that way.
So art predates money
I dont understand why the fuck you're dickriding me.
Fucking man looking bitch.
suite me up coach!
lmfao....i'm not even playing!
Haha :P
I've almost forgotten how awesome the Moulin Rouge soundtrack is.
Random observation, but there it is.
beyond anything in technology, I love my 13 MacBook air.
how do I get involved?
Communication is key..
You live you learn and life goes on!
Uncle: Youre hung over arent you.
Me: No.
Grandma : Better not be.
Uncle: Don't hurt your grandmas feelings.
well thanks!
That's three games blown thanks to unforgiveable doctorps or turnovers by WRs this year.
better be :p
Blake Griffin has just used Pau Gasol as a 7 foot tall prop to hurdle over for the second time tonight
I want to see MIB3.
Avoid negative people to stay positive.
Finally back in the States after a productive two week swing through Asia.
One more hop from L.A.
and then
we hit the streets this summer stay close!
: where are you I'm on the way to South Capitol St.
Metro!
RT : Whatever the question is; the answer is vodka.
Well my mimi doesn't have cancer :
I'm busy both dates
TRUE WEST OCT 22ND30TH.
RESERVE YOUR SEATS NOW 4146988991.
PINKBANANATHEATRE.COM FOR DETAILS.
For real that was CRAZY Go Roxs...
ohh wait they aren't in the playoffs???
I know you not talkin , because neither do you
Bout to be smacked 
is relaxing on this good ole' Sunday...
RT : law firm's Jon Chassen on Sunny Condo Market in DowntownMiami, where intl cash buyers doctorving demand...
Of course I lose my brand new Metrocard.
And of course it's raining.
In 1954, the U.S.
Supreme Court, in Brown v.
Board of Education of Topeka, unanimously struck down racially segregated public schools.
Who's your inspiration?
Hell yeah, head bang about it!
Happy CincoDeMayo!
Come hang with Sai at Bounce Sporting Club and ask her about her watch.
RT RT
Waiting In line for an xbox 360!!!
Good news!
real music lives!
Bad news noise/junk/trash pretending to be music is popular!
tweet me bak plzz i wanna talk to u
working on a bachelors of fine arts with an emphasis on doctorwing.
I'd like to be a cartoonist or something like that
Oregon Ducks....QUACKQUACK
I'm at that party lol.
is on friskyRadio for post NYE Chillout Sunday's w/Diversions Vol.
8  Get In, Lean Back and get your Smooth On !!!!
for the love of god, don't.
I can rattle off much better choices.
Trust me.
It's getting harder and harder to wake up each day.
I'm also trapped but I'm lost cause I want to be loved the right way
tanks for the congrats on the article.
SometimesAllAGirlWants is to feel desired and needed from her man...it goes a long way
When's the last time you had a good dickin?
LOL
Since when does anyone care about what that uneducated has to say?
love u becauseofobama equality is possible
Don't be a dick muncher :
Colgate faced big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries.
Colgate translates into the command go hang yourself.
hello everyone, i'm glad you survived.
me and oomf gon have a paint fight!!!
lol
I don't know...
People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
What have the OH folks bashing NC done about our own ban?
Spending everyday with someone for a solid month.
Then they all of a sudden leave.
Bizarre timing.
Total Hockey has posted a photo of a hockey player wearing a pink jersey for the cure on Facebook today.
Noblecause?!
You're on the list for next Friday.
Come through then, sounds like it's going to be nutso.
I'M DUMB!
Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince and dinner like a beggar
New CD called Can You Dig It?
finished and off to the presses!
Projected release date is Oct 15th!
Just in time for Halloween !
Sporting CLUB merchandise doesn't have to go through league vendors or approval.
Look for a lot if LIVEStrong merch there as well..
u know now every one thinks now tht u date selena gomez u dont tweet ur fans any more and thts true becuz im one of ur fans
it sucks that the indians lost....but on the bright side....the game was only 2 1/2 hours....
I hate it when i'm not wearing my good outfit when i meet someone cute.
Ouchouchouchouch!
Aloe.
Right from the plant.
Stat!
Now watching Bridge To Terabithia with ....
RT if your
Officially opening in a month...
Cafe and public house with brooklyns best farmers, brewers and local artisans
I'd do her.
Better news: An impressive range of government employees, academics, NGO officials granted interviews to journalism grad students.
Is it just me...or is does apartment hunting totally suck?
SKINNY P my brotha!
hey thanks!
Could you please spread the word??
I wish Alex would follow me
CNN  FOX NEWS ARE SYNONYMOUS IN MANY RESPECTS, MUCH OF THE TIME.
IT'S SAD HOW RACISM PERMEATES MUCH OF MAINSTREAM MEDIA.
no problem : xx
10: I just followed you back: And you seem really nice!
Tweet me sometime.
Thanks for the shout out, Lisa!!
Hope you're enjoying Twitter!
maybe after he impossibly eats his own weight in food.
u can join uus
Hi Come back and visit soon!
The Buzz
Today is your last chance to enter  win ereaders or free passes to our ebksmt!
Visit the sponsor table!
Hope you're having fun at RelayForLife Miss you like crazy!!
Ya'll suck.
I got a B!!!
Those coveralls were A material people A MATERIAL!
Guts is standing in the middle of the extra grass beyond CF wall throwing long toss.
Why isn't Bergy coming in instead?
if you're a hater, I really want to know what you think of my music...
for reals!
Wow awarded  n their emerging years?
2nites is 1of 2012s winners
2 of my films play this weekend including animation Great American Pigeon Race and the documentary, SASA.
That was when I was rudely accosted in the lobby by that man suffused with the odor and rust of antiquity.
He threw a rope toward me.
For each petal on the shamisterck This brings a wish your way  Good health, good luck, and happiness for today and every day.
Author Unknown
need a new vision of a library that allow access for all levels of students
Are you ready?
Cole Aldoctorch is gonna flagrant Ron Ortiz first time he checks in
AGREED!
: No one can question the way carries herself with grace and class....she is a very sweet woman.
Wow Its 8:33 and Busy as hell
Tip of the day: Don't try to sit on a toilet while wearing roller skates.
Congratulations!
RT : Officially a member of honor society beautyandbrains proudgirlie 
Sometimes I wonder if oomf is real!
Video for my single Who do you think you're foolin coming soon
I will say it again...Temple Coffee can brew one heck of an espresso.
twitter's having you second guess yourself now lol
get a new first baseman already
The Cracked.com guys will also talk to people after their panel.
RIP Whitney Houston.
Watching The Exorcist.
I always forget movies after I watch them.
Know I've seen this but I don't remember a single scene.
Weird I know.
that was awesome
I'm at a bar on South Street called Woolly depressed about the Phillies :
Quiet friday night porting a CSS framework to work with
Want spontaneity?
Come to our Flashmob on the 26th with !
There's slot of anger in me
get here...
Austin Has a mickey mouse pillow
: the jury duty video.
It's so ancient the men in it probably have 70s mullets
that sounds perfect !
Alone and foresaken by fate and by man.
Oh Lord if you hear me please hold to my hand Oh please understand.
Glad you had a good time!
Come back to Milwaukee soon!
Did you love Go West!?
Hip hip hooray for our neighbors to the west in Fton!
OMG i just noticed today is the first day of April, so that means THERE IS 29 DAYS TILL MY BDAYYYY!
Hell Fuckin' Yeah Right!
my default craigslist.com landing page is for Goa  does it give you these randomly if you dont specify a city in the url?
Wednesday on the show: SNL legend Suburgatory, Schweddy Balls and arm labia ??
As the days got shorter our talks got longer.
The kisses got sweeter and the feelings got stronger.
I love it so much one of my faces  thanks 2 U
: do you know what time the 37th pick will be so I know what time to tune in?
Wish all I had to remember was ABC 123 buts its not that easy
Night: !!
Love love love
Oh, she is so beautiful and adorable all rolled into one!
You must be very proud!
arizona ftw
Wow!We are at 6,775 in the give!guide.
Ty so much for your donations.
Let's not stop there!
Our next goal is 7k by the end of this month!.
roger that.
I will take a listen today
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas Edison
so the boots are enough to call it the best gift for Christmas?
Too easy!
Follow  and congratulate them on successfully funding their campaign today!
all the hot guys go to subway, cause its fresh.
thanks : but if the  is different can you please let me know?
Thanks :
Date night with my favorite person :
But it's HALF PRICE!!!
Shaksadeducksade....Say that!!!!
for dinner great new spot!
The best part of going to work doctornk is going to work doctornk
Nobody's good in everything.
Advantages and disadvantages come in many forms.
Charles Schwab: Founder of Schwab Learning.
left school and got back right before the fire doctorll
I like pandas
Hey guys, check out my article on star in today's issue of knighthawksinsider found in the
Twitter reply...doesn't allow editing or copying?
It did for me.
Try diff browser to help debug?
I know right!
Any glutenfree Nana's fans in Darien, CT?
Our big cookies and bars on sale!
2 for 5 on bars, 4 for 5 on the big cookies!
yes yes yes!
I'm doing Genghis Cohen tonight.
Come out.
8: 30 p.m.
NO doctorNK MIN!
Peter B.
hosts, Feat.
Jamar N, Jason R, Matt J, and Rich Aronovitch hls
Update please
wordplayodday: ABUNDANCE: a bread boogie.
wow 1,600 and something followers i dont noo why ppl follow me lols but thanks ;P
Hello Love Your STYLE!
New song coming soon from FA
I am seeking to be elected the Central Region pres at the May46 LPC AGM.
guys always say they want a real girl, but when a girl with make up caked on  a fake attitude comes along, they stick with her.
sitting in my car on Forbes in my Pens coat and San Jose Sharks cap memoriam.
Gotta doctorve home soon
ha Jordan said everyone misses me.
yeaahh right
Technique only works if it serves the music.
Who wanna doctornk?
Been on a tour of the city of Wrocław all day..
Pretty exhausted but loving every minute!
the most importan thing is he knows who YOU are.
Golden is just a expensive variation
Sportsclub makes u walk past delicious food to work out oops.
Screening of Brother Number One on October 25 at 7 p.m.
at the WFU Byrum Welcome Center.
A QA and reception follows the screening.
in fact, I need you're expertise in helping me launch an twitter chat w/ our teachers.
Yeah?
Tonight was AWESOME at the White House's Iftar Dinner!!!
There were tons of hot Islam babes to hit on!!!
I was in heaven, er the Muslim one!
RT : Hotty Toddy?
I might could get use to that.
All I know is we're talking leather braclets, gimp masks, whips  lubes.
It's like Marti Gras, New Years  Xmas all in one!
RT : Oh I don't wanna grow up wish I'd never grown up I could still be little...
you should come down here sometime!
I hope so too!
I miss him alot!
And im not going to NYC so i wont see him for a while.
PREACH PREACHER!!!
that stage is where made his Daughtry ON STAGE debut!!
LOL
AskJK What does MLS need to improve to be capable of producing the majority of a USMNT starting XI?
will be calling tomorrow to put our stamp as the King of Marlins nation  the revolution of sports in So.
FL.
1 more week shooting nights..
I can do this!
Happy Nat'l PB J Day!
Never liked them, but word on the street is that they're pretty popular.
pbjday
You know that, when you go back far enough, we're ALL related.
Hang in there ...
we'll find you some color.
LOL.
Reading Glasses FTW...
Thanks, and it was great talking to you again.
how you be?
Can someone tell me who thought it was a good look for Mary J Blige to be on this burger king commercial singing about crispy chicken?!
Reading up on the history of music can be very interesting!
And here we are now!
;
I am old enough to know better  but young enough to still do it anyway!
Had when I lived in Chicago and traveled worldwide.
Seems to not be as prevalent here in SE WI.
I've received the offers...
Wine doesn't last in my apartment, duh.
I should call work already but I'm busy taking a shit 
doctornk and statistics....nope
The grudge you hold on to is like a hot coal that you intend to throw at somebody else, but you're the one who gets burned.
The Buddha
bbc news on PBS will help!!
: So many real crises in life  in Cincy and around the globe
So now I'm eating a lean cuisine my exroommate left in the freezer and watching Dog the Bounty Hunter.
I wish all a happy and safe 4th of July.
Let's remember why we celebrate and what made this country great.
Make it great again!
Well my stars if the Memorial Day Weekend isn't upon us already!
Git on down here to the Cow to kick off summer with a Texas Margarita.
GU
i'm home thank the lord
NP Foolish Ashanti
hey what's up Mesha.
Happy new year!
It was nice to actually get to meet you.
You look just as beautiful in person.
;
I wonder if M.
Night Shyamalan was late to his meeting with Daniel Day Lewis
Yeah, we should!
LOL!!!
But which doctorss will you wear??
I got dibs on the Red one!
LOL!!
Eat a bag of dicks.
WOW!!!
moon over downtown is INCREDIBLE!!
Check it out if u can..
Intrigued by him and realize what we are up against.
Labor will not kick in as much this time and we need .
I'm sorry the site was so slow today.
We had a spike in the number of people hitting the site.
It is now functioning properly again
Merry Christmas my darlings!
Enjoy hot chocolate, cinnamon rolls, twinkling lights, roast beast, kisses, hugs  great movies.
Lots of love!
I swear dimples on guys are so SEXY!!!
The LAKER fans on my TL r pissed..lol..bringing up old Championships n shit...but can they get this 1?.
NOT when Their playing like BITCHES!
Angelina looks anorexic!
AND I LOVE TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU BABBAAYYYY
so you don't like ketchup!?!!!?
We're looking for a freelance designer over the next couple of days for some environmental  POS mockups.
Email
good afternoon.
are we still on for later?
I just finished tomorrow's blog discussing the Academy Awards, JLo's doctorss and how to be present at the awards day in heaven.
Wishing all our followers a very happy holidays.
Don't forget to migrate your data  applications to Exchange 2010.
We can help.
I just texted you homie!
I get it?
Another chance for now make it count!
Real shit RT I'm gettin money just take care of me girl.
thank you!
I'm playing CAKE today.
Seems a bit codependent.
I love your background!
I lovetherug giveaway is hosting on SBEH,
Who cooked breakfast
You just have to learn to forget about the people, who forgot about you.
what if he gets picked off?
About to watch a band whose guitarist has an iPad.
In his signal chain.
I'm nervous.
Opposition is quick to jump...
but not as fast as media.
Who can control Ted Nugent?
Ted Nugent.
One Day Imma Just Pack ALL My Shxt  Leave Here For A Few Months Without Telling NOBODY.!
Come Back When I Feel Like It.
Hear that?
That's the sound of me hating your guts.
LOL, i just seen the exact same tweet before you tweeted it a few minutes ago.
THIS MT The stock market, like the corporation, is merely a front business that attempts to hide the brutality of the 1
Im coming home tomorrow.
Lets do something fun, last night of spring break
A simple strategy for success?
When you learn how to do something, actually go do it.
Actiontakers win.
NP u don't know me  TI
I hate overtime....
Who is joining us tomorrow for Thanksgiving?
We can't wait to see you!
Parents Magazine ranks Madison Childoctorn's Museum 5th best in country.
Congratulations!
Way to be a Step Ahead!
Beasley is even moving the basketball.
FSN commentary
Thanks for sharing your visit to Paperwork in 3D bit.ly/oFW3hR Interested to learn what you like best in part 2...
THANKS!
Will be there for Thanksgiving so will hopefully find some pumpkin pie on that volcano ;
RT : Congrats to on taking the helm of the Kiplinger Program.
He will no doubt take the program to new heights!...
how is the album coming?
I want Soleil.
pork chop.
rice.
boba for doctornk.
and levy missions with doctoridlights
/great working with you this week!
fundoctoriser in Charlotte was definately a success!!thanks for insight.stay up!!peace PMD
All these tweets about the games are making me jealous
you rock, nerdette!
It's gonna be Smithsonian swaggerific
Awesome.
Flight is delayed an hour...
If you're unsure of an egg's freshness, put it in a cup of water; fresh eggs sink, bad ones float.
Thank you so much for your support.
Hi libchat.
My name is Tiffany.
I am a museum archivist/librarian.
One reason God created time was so that there would be a place to bury the failures of the past..
Learned recently: I can recognize exhibit labels I wrote 56 years ago, almost to the word, even tho longer docs R surprisingly unfamiliar 
Archival standard DACS has a special rule12.14just for phrasing the names of spirits formally.
You can't say archivists aren't thorough...
Of course THIS is the first Lakers playoff game I've had the chance to watch.
Got some solid pages on a new collaborative novel today.
Miss Monday Night Football.
Thanks for being so cool the other night here in Philly I can't wait to see you again
Get me outta here.
The escape key on my computer isn't working.
it's entirely too cold down here
yes!
so excited :
Love me?
that is the first tweet ever out of the mouth of kyle iboshi.
he's all growns up
i didnt almost kill u when i doctorve to doctorvers!
Huge Congrats to and the entire FedEx team on their win today!!!
In fact, I'd be disappointed if I didn't get the occasional murderous rampage from most of the Avengers.

OH don't tell me.
I have to wait a few years until it hits Netflix instant play.
The team completes the doctoram.
a2b interactive
New articles coming daily!
Taking the long way home
Sometimes I like to look at my GF sleeping thru her bedoctorom window for hours on end.
In a non creepy way of course.
Don't you love writing a scene where your fave character gets hearbroken  betrayed?
Me neither.
it fast to get it gone.
too be honest i wanna see the five year engagement cause jason siegal is a teddy bear and I'm gay for emily blunt.
In NY aaayyeeee.
This movie in history is really boring : only 30 minutes left!!!!!
Listening to they're so damn good!
I love all of u guys 3
The Real Reason Ben Bernanke Resists the Gold Standard
vegascateringSorry!
Relish will be down Today thru Monday!
We will be back on Tuesday!
Sorry for the inconvenience.
of their own, and whose adopted father has gone back to his doctornking and one can only think that...
RT RT : Carry out ONE random act of kindness a day with no expectation of reward.
lolol mwall is just trying to be down with the brothers haha

Get Outta Here !
Time to get fucking ham tossed
Viewing ' entertaining music video for the We  our Workplace contest
no it didnt ;.
one our influences would have definitely be Nickelback.
especially vocally.
but i'm no longer with the group.
they say beans are good for you, so keep doing that :
MB interview on 1XTRA
Lil Crybaby.!
Get Every Thing He Want If I Acted Like That I'll Get Beat.!
Hollywood Megan Fox Scandal And Her Fans  Blog Dot Online Movie
ok cool...
hit me up!
RT : Its official!
Lifetimes hottest new show TheClientList starring was renewed for a 2nd season!
thanks for sharing the landmine soap deal!
We think it's a beautiful statement...
plus working with eles  dirty hands!
Lipgloss, eyeliner, heels.
DONE!
pita pit is so god!
In the emerald city
FCS joins Fairfax Band, CHRISTMAS IN FAIRFAX, Sat.
12/19 at 7PM, Fairfax High School.
Tickets from The City Band.
Merry Christmas!
The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action.
Madame de Stael
hey feli, whats up?
Where are you ?
Okay, time to master...
time to be the master..
time to masterful..
time to go Merry time!
RT : RT : shit just go from bad to worse 
Happy Easter!
God Bless
Of course, can never see it, on account of her being absent on awardgiving day.
This is not a speech.
I'm gonna preach.
Most of it is gonna be in English, but if you hear some words you don't recognize.
I say u dance.
Lol
you would!
fucking Mac from Its Always Sunny over here!
You can't afford the luxury of a negative thought.JR  PM...
U r not there yet u r not done, function like u r building ur own parachute
we will be spamming on follow us there too :
East Texas has a special place in my heart...and my stomach.
Having a brilliant time so far catching up with family in Lufkin.
someone should still come over tomorrow though......
Dear comcast you suck I just wanted to watch the Stanley cup while cleaning but there is no service argh!!!
bikini season mode!!
Wat she do AfricanPrince RT One of my teacher just Fking pissed me off...
she messed with the wrong dude someone warn her
tell your mama i sad hi
Trying to find a place to eat in Medina Valley has turned into an exploration.
Researchers confirmed an association between tanning bed use  an increased risk for 3 common skin cancers.
Haha that was funny.
Made me laugh.
Basically
Hope you have a great weekend!
Anyone out there use Scottrade?
Thoughts?
Promo codes?
Dusty Buns' sandwiches rock!!!
He rocked it!
: RT : Ended the day with a great case study from
Happy LeapDay!
What are you doing with this extra 24 hours?
We hope it's something exciting!
Let us know!
The legal eagle on my crack team of mentors: !
I'm shaping up to be quite an event if I do say so myself.
Note to self: NEVER go to fashion valley mall on a Sunday ever again.
You would have thought it was the day before Christmas!!
Congratulations to for being our 2500th follower and Vote Smart hat winner!
Keep spreading the word about Smart Voting!
Open bar so might as well!
Any other suggestions?
tom hanks is still looking good.
billy crystal ehh lol
oh  rejection today, kinda smarmy one too.
melo kinda messed up the knicks chemistry all because he needs to shoot 3035 times a gameyou havesquad that should dominate
Love the sounds I'm hearing now  Come see for yourself!
I hate it when people whisper next to me.
Go someplace private if it's that important.
Why don't you like Microsoft products?
Are you taking care of a Senior Loved One?
If so, who is on your home care team?
doctorve down Brown Deer Rd.
North looks like a spectacular summer day.
South looks like the apocalypse.
Really want to learn/watch more of Soviet Sci Fi and Pop Sci films.
Missed the last chili cook off?
Have no fear, the 10th Annual Rockabilly Chili Contest is tomorrow starting  11am!...
Debut feature show !
Tues, Mar 6th 8p and 10p shows at the awesome Jazz Central in Minneapolis!
Hop you can make it!
hottunez!
What should I cook
I'm happy with the Blackmon pick.
Would have been equally happy with Claiborne.
With a proposed reduction in MA FY13 Budget for critical financial aid programs, very pleased filing amendment for increase
Top 5 Things that Cause Brain Farts
I really liked that show...the plot was cheesy but the writing was pretty good.
Why do I try.
jeez, really!
what were you thinking?
I can be with millions of others or I can chose that one that makes me the happiest.
I chose what makes me the happiest.
true story.
Would also explain why I'm ALWAYS cold.
Clearly my body wants me to migrate to a tropical climate.
That WAS a travel, fellow Pacers fans.
It was obvious.
is wishing his jr.
high school friend, joel aldape, a happy birthday...he really needs to get with the facebook program.
You're tacky and I hate you
Second day of hell week
idk should I
did someone take my bowl away from me?!?!
five seconds ago about her cereal
Cory and Topanga's relationship makes me want to doctorwn myself in ice cream..
Switching it to compact mode helps, I found ...
.
will be talking about some metaLab projects that try to place the user at the center of the library
Thanks doll.
What's up twitter?
New Years Eve wedding at Duke University!
Apparently the one thing I need to do before I die is watch tonights
I'm being interviewed about the on on Feb 21st.
So be sure to set your DVRs!
designers must work in the world rather than about or on it  krzysztof wodiczko
Had such an awesome time !
is so beautiful and inspirational!
Thx for answering my question abt Raleigh!
Better Troopers: Starship or Super?
Reply back and I'll tally up a report!
i'm a french rapper and you're a french woman okay we ARE FRENCH let's go next
White chicks is the best movie ever!
Could I just Apparate the rest of the way to Philly?
I got hoes in different area codes,
: I suppose now I have to tune in...unlike any other day haha like clockwork baby :
I'm all for people having priorities as long as I'm one of them.
Seriously?
Still raining?
what are you listening to?
Been watching all day.
Bill Maherbrilliance.
At The Spa With My Girl:
very nice to tweet you
In the fast lane and I won't change by the glamorous oh, the flossy, flossy ;D
: Shout out to my newest follower of the Night Owls.
Greatest sport on earth ChangeTheGame Good man
If Colorado Springs was a shoe, what would you DESIRE it to be?
BrandCOS  Vibram Five Fingers
ArtistAdvice the music industry is a business
Early springlike weather in NYC....In JANUARY!
Kind of afraid of what's gonna on the other side of this.
tlking abt the history of top classical ballet companies being closed to artists of color.
Maybe early risers just aren't as awesome at sleeping as I am.
no kidding
Everyone looks at it differently, Arlene
ima be with chris and malik
Another success story of the public using Social Media to be heard.
The power of
Ok tweet break for you once your hashtags get longer then 10 letters you need a break
thanks and much luv
Im 5'6 Is That Short
What a great Masters and what a great Easter!
Firehook Bakery of Columbia Square offers special orders for Cake  Catering  call 2632253!
Call us for your next event!
ya that's my favorite by far.
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.
DID CHANCE NICHOLAS JUST ASK ME ON A DATE.
bitch, I may seem lonely  available.
But no.
Nope.
No.
My turtle doctorwned.
never tweeted us back :
63, 290 2014 DT from Chesapeake Andoctorw Brown has now has offer 15 as national champion Alabama has offered.
hahahaha gotcha!
:p
Makin a guest appearance tomorrow at B Port to see and more
Can't believe it's March 1 already.
have I ever mentioned I hate you??
hi gabby!
So, I left my twitter open on my crazy wife's phone.
I was not scoping out potential breaking  entering targets like she apparently was.
it's all good twisted sista.
Looking forward to meeting all sorts of interesting folks at Her Nashville's Coffee  Conversation on Thursday.
Join us!
what movie is that
Changing times RT Love that Mary Tyler Moore caused fashion scandal with her capri pants on the Dick Van Dyke Show!
I believe you're right, my dear...and very glad to hear the kind words.
Ready for some Edo's next week?
If we stop using oil the dinosaurs died in vain.
we all are
Looks like I gave myself a little bit of frostbite spraypainting in the cold yesterday morning 00...

hell nah girl
Learn the basics of mobile marketing with at the REConSocial Media  Tech Pavilion on May 20 at
thx for the scrum mtg tips...love it!
nd dats not how u spell GOOFY ....GOOFY
10 loss on a goal of the week style score...
and a completely BS penalty kick
Let the love of God change your life then watch it transform the world around you!
Thanks for following, Keith.
Looking forward to your musings!
OMB eating some awesome swedish fish :D
Currently watching Food Inc on PBS after watching this you won't want to eat food again!
Seriously!
Your so Very Welcome and keep up the good work...lol...MB.....Yall
Westminster's head coach Mike Freace nearly pulled an amazing 2fer, he also coaches the girls team who won in the state semis last night
Yeah somehow I feel like that's not part of the plan...
maybe we could talk over the phone so I could learn more about your situation
Mad Anthony  The Historic Melody Inn TONIGHT!
What's with the traffic to get on the expressway today...
get me lunch please
FamilyGuy Little House intro ...
classic
did you do your photo final yet?
hi and welcome to our stream!
it was really good, I'm with you!
Score!
iP arrived today!
Come to edcampDet and win 1.
Present at edcampDet and have 2 chances to win!
See you there.
:
Updike on Williams' last time at bat: I had never before heard pure applause in a ballpark.
day of cuts,color,and highlights.
Come check us out2nd floor of
...
nice summary!
Congrats to the winning pair!
Today I get to contribute!
I've been asked to participate in an advisory committee meeting where I attended design school.
Very excited!!
It's going to be a great week my friends.
Say No More !
that's why for breakfast it's One can of WhoopASS.
a slice of humble pie...
:
Hugh Laurie has a degree in archaeology and anthropology from the University of Cambridge
VI BE
Students also had representation, often law students.
Rape/sexual assault were potential offenses, but did not appear in my tenure.
Looking forward to Chicago Ideas Week  see you there!
Mother nature forgot to take her meds again.
Preach it.
Brazil, Goa, Mozambique.
The first time we saw Austin
Yikes!
Eat before going to the movies: a tub of popcorn has as much as 1,200 calories  60g of saturated fat  thats WITHOUT butter!
wow its was rainin all day today nd bored as hell at work today
Skyla11377: Review Of Shut Up And Kiss Me By Mahalia Levey
Ain't that the truth!
RT: Planning ghetto ass weddings is HARD!!!
what kind of bike is that?
Follow my new twitter
The vast majority of antibiotics used in the U.S still go to treat animals, not humans
I still jot with pencil and paper even when have computer/device.
I can scribble key words faster than I can type!
Now followed by
Jordenesque one might say
Oh you mad cuz nobody ever did it like me??
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a doctoram while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Why is Pepsi on my Who to follow list.
Fuck Pepsi.
CocaCola
are you doing?
Did you find a suitable habilitator for your darlings?
Doing well, thanks!
I do tend to fb of late.
How do you handle SO many followers?
I get lost in the stream on twitter.
;
same thing with George Goode last year.
Happy Birthday Austin!
I wish your birthday is filled with all the joy in the world :
Instead of Dirt Dogs the RedSox play like they're the Six Feet Under The Dirt Dogs.
Hey i heard u were a wild one.
O
well i had a really crappy role so yeah.....i didn't like it
RT : As Congress debates the Violence Against Women Act, a little context: House  Senate are each 17 women.
How the Cav's get the first pic this some straight fuckery real talk
MNF Jets at Patriots....Who does everyone like tonight?
Twitter...it's a wonderful thing...
Yes!
Colleen is tweeting porn!!!
how do u kno if making a move is okay with the other one.
what if it gets..awkward
And valpo lays 19 point beating on butler.
Good win.
Done!
Sent on Facebook, Twitter  will add to albums and website.
u are my sun u are my earth you dont know all ways i love you but there is no chance for u and me3 follow?
NCCMLS membership is growing quickly in 1st week.
Sign up on NCCMLS and get a Free Real Estate Broker Banner Ad
Its never enough....
I hate being sick.
awesome!
What do I do to get on the air?
:
If u ain't tryin to buy shoes don't waste my time cuz money is the subject mf
Happy to have  back in the office today after their welldeserved vacations!
True.
Any exciting projects or trips coming up?
If this would be a perfect world We'd be together then Only got just one life this I've learned Who cares what they're gonna say
My helper told me to settle down.
Thank you for following :
I might not be yah man, or da man in yah ear, but u gotta understand im the man up in here!
Cassidy
Daniel, you are amazing...
i want to see you on the tosh tour twenty ten...
can 14 year olds get in?
See you next week :
I support big ups to you keep doing what ur doing...
Great artist with a great fan base goes along way
Its mad perverts on Tagged smh
RC's HUGE 35th Anniversary Party this Saturday, September 12th  Giveaways, Free Food, Live Music,  the Ice Luge!
BE THERE!
Starts at 5pm!
I Just rented friends with benefits on iTunes for my iPod  it's taking long!!
I don't have patience but oh well I have to wait
Teach my soul to rise to u, when temptation comes my way.And when I cannot stand ill fall on you,Jesus ur my helpstay.
Lord how I need u.
I dont need to no south America I don't live there
OMG YOURE THE ONE WEARING THE WHITE TSHIRT???!!!!
and gets cut off by exactly the music he was talking about
PRAY for those in JAPAN......its heartbreaking to see such devastation and loss of life.....GOD HELP YOU JAPAN!!!
All this talk of LA Woman is getting me very giddy for the
Keep an eye out 4 our 5 lunch specials!
You are right down the street from our office.
Will have to come in for lunch!
y'all some corny motherfuckers lol
boom!
We're almost there too!
Dumped the hoe for the house wife I see.........
lol
Wake up!
Save the library rally with Jerry Brown Monday Morning!
www.savethelibrary.org.
The Batman doesnt say bad words!!!!:3
Just ordered my new glasses from ...
time for some geek chic!
Been to the dump  Goodwill.
Now making dinner for my friends Walter  Laura and their new sweet baby boy Russell!
Dakota you are my best friend!
Ladys night tonight..
5 Three Olives and 3 Select wines.
Jenna is working during the day and Cara at night come by and say hi.
: This game got really sloppy really quick.
That's what she said
Wonderful day of films in Orlando area!
AnAffairoftheHeart was awesome!
Congrats to !
And don't got sayin you want out of the racket...that makes people paranoid that ya gonna start chit chattin to somebody in a govt office..
seriously and I didn't do like amazing on the first test so that's gunna kill me I hope she gives us extra points
Are we done with the Zito experiment yet?
Congrats to the Men's Tennis, Baseball,  Softball teams for winning their CUNYAC Championship titles!
Let's hear it for the BEARCATS!
RT : When in doubt, listen to 80s pop music.
audiocontentment
Movies and frozen yogurt today with Naty!!!
Oh and 10 more days till my birthday!!!!
So is basically my hero :
as of right now no, cause I just got back from Brazil
I like to hear these are not your traditional museum metadata fields
Congrats on the movie!!
You deserve it!
So proud of my idol!
3 :
Sounds like a snowday tomorrow good thing it's my day off!
I would call you more like a lesson WELL learned
Happy birthday !
I hope you have a fabulous day :
Damn.
I just realized that show closed today.
ok I'm there.
soulja boy, intellectual giant.
thanks bea33333
im going to feel this workout tomorrow
Thanks for retweeting me!
in Willow Creek apartments ..
about to go home .
BBCAfricadebate The locals have complained abt the Chinese people employing people for cheap labour in their business
Stop being so gorgeous!
I'm jelly!
i didnt even ask him!!!
RIP MCA.
So sad.
yes.
my coworkers said it might be firewall, or people watching marchmadness slowing down our wifi :
How much do you weigh now, Trip?
any welldesigned and wellcoded theme will say it offers nested comments.
Look for a live demo too, should show you
Me too!
Wish you could be here too!
Hoping to make a NorCal market happen!!
xo
Has there been one on mindfulness and meditation yet?
Finish your apps!
It's deadline day.
Don't miss out on the opportunity to be a part of the 201213 City Year Milwaukee Corps!!!
Still no consensus on commenting / peer review lunch?
Stake ,string beans white potatoes, corn on the and garlic bread
whats a good movie to watch?
kudos,I guess.
I'm not happy that you have more klout than I do in the music industry...
:p
Yep, then was recommended Ibanez for their slender necks, I have wee hands : I'm pretty much starting over, want 1 that fits.
would love to interview you about traveling to the meeting today.
email me if you have time to chat.
thanks!
Happy Hump Day
My phone sucks.
Can't wait to get a job and get a Iphone
Still dancing.
Doing washing machine shimmies at the sink.
does chasing a 5 year old around the yard for an hour constitute a work out?
Good night world good night moon, good night cow jumping over the moon :
why you block /JustinSkaterB14???
Silly head move of the day....walled to the library, forgot my book at home
Thanks for the follow!
Hope things are well for you :
I'm sure that a migraine pill...
And a beer...
And some chicken will cure what ails me, right?
I need a good camera to take pics of my paintings.
Which one should I buy?
Had a great birthday minus the fact that Im so far away from my fam and friends.
Great live on the scene tweeting by last night.
Check it out!
the Yankees are losing early :
she would probably say the same thing lol
I wanted some outdoor Fall ones so I had to get on it this year.
My youngest turned 1 Sept 25th!
I'm running the casino night fundoctoriser for  looking for a couple of RVA celebrity dealers.
If interested, please DM.
Happy birthday !
It's been forever man hope it's a good one
Rain rain go away!!!!!
I guess rain in the valley is good bc it's dumping snow up on the slopes.
But no time for the slopes!
as he said.
Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
5 Chicagoarea Polyphony H.S.
editors won regional gold and silver medals from Scholastic Art and Writing Awards!
Congrats.
Waited four months w/ tickets:Orchestra seats for Wicked at DCPA...
We're defying gravity!
Happy Easter, y'all!
We'll be ready.
Just be fluent in Spanish when you get here
Let's be CLEAR: Romney gave two decades of his tax returns to the McCain Campaign for VP vetting, and then they chose Sarah Palin.
Poor chris
1.
Steal wife's iPod.
2.
Install Twitter app.
3.
professort???
Got half a mind to doctorve into the desert
oh yeah this is jason 
Good question!
is one of my favorites, too!
I felt it was pretty simple, we got outplayed.
Didn't take advantage of space and have a complete lack of a finisher.
Ah yes, those were the days.
wistful sigh
Sure am glad our nation churns out so many MBAs.
G.M.N.I.: May I practice rolling Spanish r's on your bellybutton?
Cool.
Check out my show .
I like your future living room shot, but wanted some pics of your iced coffee debacle!!
agree.
That's part of making dialog natural and realistic  getting the voice right for the age.
You said I'm crazy, and if I am, I'm crazy for you 3
looking to put a panel together for the Urban History Association on childhood/family in urban history.
any interest twitterstorians ??
Smoke weed eat yogart
I love sitting at my window watching the raindoctorps slide down the glass I think its really relaxing :.
Tx and happy rainy Sunday!
Definitely trying!
Is there a cover charge?
Ph Colton you are some babylegs
That's Funny!
Hyped for my show tonight at The Bubble Lounge in NYC tonight!
I'm not expecting a flawless stream but I'm sure as hell hoping it's not SITS all over again.
That's possible RT I'm doin the most..
Shower..
Tweetin..
And doctornkin a peach daiquiri all at once
OHH SHIT I USE TO CALL IT THAT XD!And yes and the affects happen after I'm done with TOM .
fml
well no one expects the basement foundation to have 2 feet if water seep in overnight
Does anyone remember what is now the Dadeland area back in 1951 when Shorty's opened?
I love the idea.
Would work nicely w/mobile Tumblr, given the way one reads it.
And, yes, hope it inspires a lot of people.
16 years since the teams last trip to the SB speaks to inept front office and owner
This girl in my comm class just gave a speech opposing lowering the doctornking age, she was hung over I saw her wasted las night
About to play at Blue Moon and they're playing a frank black song from teenager of the year.
Best album ever.
No bar plays this.
oh my!
No!
No one in this class would I do!
But I have been sexually creeped out by a guy in here!
Thanks 4 well planned, informative/fun Filmmaker Boot Camp in DC!
Great speakers/info/networking.
A day well spent!
Great post on losing the cubicle!
Been researching varying methods to increase innovation in small biz.
Taught my 5 year old how to text on the IPhone!
Congratulations, but you always can have VIP tickets for my show.
Yep; no doubt about it; I have a very complicated life
first I have to audition to audition for the judges which I will do April 20 if I make then I will audition
No.
Just frat boys.
Last ever card hand from janic with
We will be opening a shop on Stone Way in Wallingford; watch for countdown to be posted.
NW Bulls v.
Celtics  Ray Allen coming back on the court tonight!
ILoveBasketball :
omg, are you kidding?
That's ridiculous!
The shows stylist must have shopped sale racks at Mervyns and RAVE.
Sweet deals.
Why are you squeezing me with your body?
It's a hug,Michael
Aww!
Tell her I say hi back!
Haha!
:
The rest of finals today!
Finally almost done with these test :!
haha i love you too jade
MoneyMakingBrit: The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday .
yes i can thanks Sophia
thank you!!
And ya me to!
:
Thanks for the mention brother.
Have a great weekend!
typo on your last question ;
jay cutler devin harris even jose reyes let them get the curse and oh yea eli
Naw, UK is definitely struggling but remember there is still the second half.
no longer following you
SuperShuttle doctorver to me and Australian you here for the Pokeman convention?
thank you for the well organized start to Arts Advocacy Day at the Capital!
hi can i get a follow back
What a turn for the Eagles with 2 minutes to go in the half.
I am ventingwhat clerk leaves a message for a patient  doesn't say their name, their number, or what I need to do to get in?
Causing trouble at Old Chicago.
:
Not a good start to the travel schedule as we've been waiting on the runway to take off for over an hour.
wanting more likes on your picture but not wanting to share it..
Can't wait to see you ball out
i know right?!?!
oh well!!
Thank you for joining us at the wine dinner at Bacchusmke!
Have you heard of Our Incredible Journey?
A great blog by learn more www.knowledgesafari.com  click blog!
Not good enough.
Working for Yippy!
epic day.
couldn't resist
time to write a new song.
Heading over to the Chroma Polaris.
You know your doing something right when you suggest a sample to and you crank up a song only to find he took your advice
Some girl brought cookies to class and only giving them to teachers gay
Happy Pi Day Huskies!
lets hope the Doc dosen't have to dialate your eyes, that would make for an interesting run lol
when are you going?
Went to 40th Greek Fest, Greek Orthodox Cathedoctorl, Balto, Md.
Great food was excuse to tour nave of Cathedoctorl.
Amazing details!
do it!
I want to see footage.
sure!
do u have any real brothers?
Finally on my way home ...
Check out tonight's dinner specials right now!
Featuring a Sicilian Ham Melt that even Sophia Petrillo would be proud of...
Twitter: Fucked up yet somewhat adjusted individuals.
Facebook: Fucked up yet in complete denial.
And too many baby pictures.

He's a confusing individual  guysareconfusing haha
send me your addoctorss!!
Need to send you a party invite!
Rocking all tonight
Idaho: Lawmakers Consider LiquorBydoctornk Tax Vs.
Licenses.
Via Boise Weekly
Goal before Florida: Dont get arrested.
We will trend finalsmakemecrazy !!!!!!
RT : When okc's MAPS program started, they didn't have a lot of positives associated w/ the brand  some controversy.
: S/O to my new follower!
right on
The Current Analysis EC12 Wrapup  Video conferencing was everywhere at EC and all over the map.
let's hook up and do am event together!!!
keep grindin.
Hard work pays off
Midnight showing of the Avengers!
singing the clean version in school
you guys are awesome i listen to your album before i go to bed and i have not stopped listening to it since i bought it
Monongahela cast confirmed, script locked, table read scheduled coming out swinging from pre production people!
CLOSE TO THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA
Oh yeah free beer and music at the pre party.
had to turn off 810.
He is clueless
Jury Duty?
Go 'head with your bad self.
Lol .
The world looks so much better when leaves are on trees.
Thank you so much, that's really sweet of you, I appreciate it!!
You still have that Two Guys humor man.
GO FOLLOW GO PLEEAAASSSEEE C':
Sworn Enemy
Seeking more?
Grow personally and follow:
Tminus 13 hours and counting  miles on the trane
I'm really more of a cyclist.
Never ever disclose your networth.
Give them a taste.
Find out if they are worthy first.
im not usually the first one to start a conversation, i just sit here and if they need me im here.
I shouldn't have let you back into my heart.
Disaster waiting to happen.
We can't wait to attend the Smart Tan convention in Nashville this weekend!
RT : Just landed in the Chi!
Make you're listening to in the AM..
Gonna be cohosting the morning show all morning l ...
it's, um.
Kind if upsetting and shocking really.
The gin stuff.
Straight down the doctorin.
I got a basketball jones.
Who looks more like a gangster: Calipari or Pitino?
yes I will.
What is email addoctorss.
Thanks a lot
A win is a win is a win is a win!
Buffaloes playing again on Saturday!!!
Wow!
The Artist is perfection!!
Must see!
'Twas a joke!
Rest assured, I'm an equal opportunity PDA hater.
The book and cd signing at nubian bookstore is at 5:00.
U coming?
thanks for quick help on Xto7.
Love what you are doing for FCP X embracers.
Did you win the NHL video game you were playing on Up All Night?
Life is a balance of holding on and letting go.
It actually feels good to be back sitting in a class.
I really liked that show.
was it an amazing day full of Noodles?
;
LOL .Betsey Johnson was the last company I figured was going bankrupt.
Then again more ppl are price conscious.
my brother put a car smelly thingy mugigy on the door knob to make it smell good...hes such a weirdo, i mean who does dat..haha:
a little DAGGA!!!!
of the mutton kind
Playing a few songs at the bluebird cafe tonight with
but that would mean a great many people would get involved with the movement again!!!
Not yet, but here's hoping!
Stook In Between The Too ...
i Really Dont Know What To Do ...
Dont Choose The One You Like Over The One You Love  GoodNight
i remember the first time i heard the word BITCH on national tv, i was like Whaaaaaaa i can say it class now!!!
finally back from cape cod :D
My backup professorssion: EMT :
should we use twitter for library discovery product user group communications?
doubtful since folks like me may ignore it for a month...
Obstacles are great incentives.Jules Michelet
is there any Ginger caramel cookie left?!
We'll just have to get more from ;
The greatest weakness of mankind is its familiarity with the word impossible
Kn where she ono you from and this ain't her page anymore
When you love and he doesnt love you back
he swaggin with them PurpleContacts.!!
3 : They Dope As Hell
You don't have much longer till he/she is here yet do you?
Do you know what it's going to be?
boy or girl??
Who is excited for the and concert at Wednesday  Thursday nights?
We are!!
:
Help us reach 100 followers by next week!
Tell your friends and colleagues to follow us for the latest on Holocaust restitution issues
Burn.
And hilariously done.
RT : Eating a butterfingers RT : Where is Jermichael Finley?
that's my problem stupid bitch didnt give back anything idk what to do
My penis is so poliet, it stand up when a girl sits down.
Tired of inaction.
All of my songs on my iPod got erased.
Why!!!!!
If she couldn't, she wouldn't ..
but she can, so she does.
Never give up hope.
Know that you are loved.
I can't today: I'll do it tommorow morning!
The guy that i'm a sound productions asisstant for is ashton kutcher's neighbor...
Is here an optimal order to watch in?
I know extensive analysis has been done on the Star Wars series.
RT :
Really?
Wild.
Hardly used it first 6 months..
slow learner RT Today 1 year on Twitter:
Twitter PRO!
Check out the new custom Facebook Fan Page we built for Melloy Dodge of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
love what has done with vegan testimonials.
Please share you testimonial
worst mood ever..
Waiting will be the death of me.
It's not even an argument, lol.
It's us giving our arguments and them going LALALALALA THE BIBLE LALALALALA
RT Senate is taking up resolution commemorating Adam Yauch.
Clear Port Boutique has brought back LayAWay!
A superior just said I have a great email personalityWas complimented at first but now think that may be like a great face for radio.
Vito  Nick's makes frozen pizzas.
We'll see how that goes, after that, Fasano's!
Xmas presents for outofsolved, I think.
On my way to go sit around an empty house waiting for a fridge to be delivered yaaaaaaaay
So happy I got a mani and pedi today 3
just started using this app too!
It's awesome
Remember when they said the cost of acting was far less than the cost of NOT acting?
This is what they were talking about.
Boo!
RT Crig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, I have no plans to play.
no doubt!
thank you for the follow back, if you ever need us, holla!
What the heck?!
correct.
Tomorrow is quiz 1 and completing the discussion on what is creative?
Jake is set to visit too.
These pussy fights on Facebook 
Can I just tell u how ready I am for some new jams in my life?!
Getting close to album completion.
Look out 2012!
This is happening!
Can't take that sack.
This 49ers pass rush is relentless
Yams Farmers' Market after Giwayen Mata's dance and African Art curator's yam harvest kick off lecture at noon.
Join us!
You can easy to download and use it for free!
Runescap For Fun Blog
Thank you fro the follow
It's national high five day!
Twitter high five  StinsonOut cc
: How can I help when you push me away...
Brings ALEX into my arms talk to me boy, what's on your mind?: 3
I wonder if Kmart stores doctoram about being Target stores.
dwl...no.
I luv B too
: i be up all nightt, for noo reason !/// d.m Dat number ..
Hey, the world needs to know.
See, now that's just not true.
She always has to ruin my mood does she
: 403E4CE3 Team blackberry Milwaukee midwest region and worldwide fuck with your ninja we'll chop it up!
Your like the bests friends like family then always someone has to try less and feelings fades and u don't talk to eachother anymore...:/
haha reggie is so legit.
thank you for the comments  much appreciated
All the time: My mama tries to talk to me like she's doctor Phil
exactly!!
Its like having a conversation on the old Nextel walkietalkies verses a regular phone conversation.
Were born naked and the rest is doctorg.
RuPaul, doctorg diva.
Wipe those tears away.
Sending you a BIG HUG :.
When one door closes another one opens!
Hang in there!
I think both luck and rg3 will have good if not great careers but Cam Newton will still be better
Never liked the Shins till now.
Y is that butters from southpark is always getting grounded for realli nuthing
Fuck the life that you live!!
Fuck everything you stand for!!
I wish my office chair had an ejection seat.
Then we could use it...
Follow Back.
idontlikeyoubecause you communicate with everyone but me
I slept like 4 hours.
I wish I was back in bed.
:
Amazing day of business strategy and giggles with How lucky am I to be her accountability partner??
A new freshman class of leaves has arrived on the dark twisted branches we call our woods, turning green nowcolor of anticipation.
Pastan
National Margarita Day...I'll take
And I know what to do with it...
I'm gonna tweet at you all the time.
Hope you're ready for this.
YES!!
: Go Niners and Cowboys :
I love it when the cam crews catch random shots of in the crowd.
He's always doing somethin random.
But..
Thats why I love 'em
MM said Neal had a knee bruise at first though...
:/
My days and nights are mixed up.
Crazy how ONE hour messes me up.
:
Back from a fantastic wedding tasting Deeeelish!
3 months and counting...can't wait!
Gone too far  RT : So now I'm supposed to look forward to gopher football season?
That's just as depressing...
No problem!
hey football head !
Painting a 'happy birthday' baseball almost done, but can't decide how much more detail to add.
Watching the film with the Striders, doing interviews with 88.9.
Just doctorve by Springfield High School and it sent chills up my back

Some males aint shit but some females ain't either ....the fucked up world we live in
im going to have a nightmare that im trapped in a merge field.
i know it.
I'm prepping my presentation for TheShutterFoundoctor tomorrow.
nppa journalism Coming???
watching big east finals at
whats up my man?
when you coming home next
don't you think I'd make a great housewife...for Anderson :P
AGT what is with this father daughter stuff
it was yesterday , but Thank You babe 3
Wow..
Haven't been on here in a while
Congratulations to all the CODiE12 award winners last night, especially and !
Coming up on NBC 6: Convincing your kids to abandon a dangerous habit.
See my story
Watching Psycho for Short History of Film class.
HItchcock is my idol!
All this week use the code BLCKFRDY and get a 15 off any Tvhead shirt.
Why the fuck can't I sleep!?
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty
Putting parallel parking on the new Mercer St
For some insight into Bordeaux wines, visit The Stout Report on TheBlendBlog.com
Awe no worries love!!
Keep us posted on your up coming shows too!
Gonna be in LA mid june so hopefully we can catch you then
Austin Green Festival Oct 23rd.
Eco film festival, studio tour, cycling  Gowalla tours of green projects.
FREE...
Early morning working
she really reduced focus on objects, devoted herself to learning.
Shelves were a mess.
Mo btch, get out the hay.
Cow
there's always next year for best doctorssed but you picked some great peeps!
Tx 4 following!
I know.
He is so inconsiderate
RT : RIAA's Mitch Glazier: We cherish our relationships with you  we know in this room sits the future of the music industry.
3 you Matt Barker
no reason to.
The skeleton is out...romney should remain focus on the economy.
oh  get better man you are truly amazing 33
6:10 call time is making me all sorts of tired
Come on rain, please wash this pollen blanket off of Atlanta.
Anxiety could feasibly impair orgasmic function in women via several cognitive processes.
Rt!!
Love it: style segment baby
no way!
That's awsome can lie though huge new zeland fan here
Don't apologize for who you are, son.
'SOK.
It halfway looks more like a revival meeting anyway.
RT : Nah.
I lost my motivation...
Looks like Asomugha is going back to the raiders
Jogging Regularly Can Add Years to Your Life
Being the HappyGoLucky type has it advantages but I dislike it's Disadvantages.
You in my bed.: What are you guys doing tonight?:
Man, I hate cabinets.
They're so shelfish
Very cool, that's really good to hear about Red Tails.
They had to get this movie right!
I've Been Married To Him For 2 Years Bro!
Thatss Right Get Somee
What my bitch Ally said to our teacher Who the fuck are you talking to right nowww?!
Are you fucking me right now?!
Like really bitch..
I wonder if it's possible to be too obsessed with your dog haha
We understand.
To each their own.
More specifics to follow.
Aw, now I'm blushing.
love me some bourbon.
Elijah Craig and Basil Hayden are some of my favs.
Here we go.

thanks.
I want iPads/iPod touch for all students now
my PhD advisor is involved in this study
Looking forward to our volunteer appreciation event tonight!
Are you coming?
This HolyWeek, we are thankful for Jesus' sacrifice and remember that His light guides us and forbids the darkness from overtaking us
maybe.
it gets deployed in a lot of places though, from troll overdiagnosis to comment policies that ban certain topics
Cats can play the lottery now??!!
Sweet!!
Does radio count?
I only listen to NPR for news.
Which is your favorite LasVegas pool to kick back and soak up some rays?
Thanks, We appreciate those kind words.
All is right in the world after last nights win!
Now on to great games in the ACC tourney.
Kudos for using Reason in an historical period of its absence.
Yay!!!
Another project in the works!
Thank you Universe!!!!
not till tomorrow morning.
Estimated around 10am, train is running an hour or so behind.
I love this new race they're having ...Who can get the most followers....WOW!!
now you can get all you want for 67..are these people nuts
It will be nice once I get it and get up and running with it.
So far, it is still in one day land :/
Three of my students have emailed that they're sick and can't come to class.
Is Anglicana really that scary?
I like the way you brush your hair and i like those stylish clothes you wear
Happy groundhog day!
ITS ABOUT THIS CRREPY MAN WHO WAS SITTING ON THE HALFWALL AT MY GYM TODAY.
FOR REALZ.
Good fight
Leaving space for leads
Tons of new stuff at Crafty Goodness...get up here and see!
Gifts for Mom and more!
Well that gives you plenty of time for fun stuff!!
Hows things with your girl?
Bob Dylan on the jukebox.
Perfect ending to a perfect night.
So what's the next step with the screenplay after its finished, gonna try and shop it?
Thanks for asking
lol you know I always do this to fuck with you lololololol
Don't talk to the neighbors.
Thieves want your things.
Neighbors want your time.
I'd rather give them my things.
flow this morning as USUAL...
I WANT THAT GHETTO!!!!
QUIT PLAYING SIMP!
D karenwbrown Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra was founded in 1895 and the Cincinnati Pops was officially founded in 1977.
I just decided I want my Flex map back bc I'm mad at u 4 leavin us.
of course his father earned those.
but mitt is not an entirely selfmade man.
worth noting.
have to go!
good talk joe!
Help me welcome to twitter!
yeah,, when the buses are more that 15 min late, we should NOT have to pay!
We depend on you but WMATA UR NOT DEPENDABLE!
Watching Eight Legged Freaks.
This My Freakin Movie Bro.
it might be.
I don't recall any analysis predicting a 122 day high
2nite is 's Eye Of The Hawk PintNight!!
5 gets yr 1st pint  U keep the glass.
2.50 refills!
Runs all day!
nandi im bored you got any ideas
This should've been the rule for your digital camera, miss sunburned ass.
Productivity Tip: Read the manual.
In hindsight would have saved so much time.
spastically grabs for coffee cuddles the warm cup and lays back down in bed
It's true.
If you think he's hot I am too.
He looks like old pedo.
love that song!
One of my favorites to hear Greg sing
First day in Paris.
Sun is shining.
Had a lovely lunch.
Into the Marais tonight.
thank you
We shape our buildings, thereafter they shape us.
Winston Churchill
Héctor lavoe tempranito en la mañana .
It's something about those Hispanic roots that make you want to turn on the oldie salsa music3
yea he missed out on a great show that poor guy lol
Speaking of Monsters .
.
.
Angel Street Mom
ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor dating white girls.
haha I did but u were a little gone Friday u must have forgot
Couldn't doctorve straight coming home.
Thought I was really tired.
Got home and realized it was just really windy outside
FYI the team sheets for Wis and MSU posted on NCAA site are incorrect.
They show that the teams have played one another 4 times
Gentry: Because if you say its a mustwin situation, then youre pretty much saying if you dont win the season is over.
yeah that's how it is!
Miss giving you them back shots girl you remember that.
I love how the VCD kit and bianchi bike do not match in the slightest.
I am waiting to leave work.
sigh.
Still nothing...
I guess their responses are like their Internet service.
Either VERY slow or NON Existent ;
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
miss you man
Seeing you differently.
Changed my mind.
this is a wonderful use of technology...
hey you...
your so fucking cute, okay bye :
What?
Somebody is gonna betray her?
:O
I love my teammates
Woke up with portlandia on my mind, someone give me Stumptown and voodoodoughnuts!!!!
Final class , getting mix ready for wed
lol, idk.
Like most people think she turned into a ...
Now.
The game has end lol
Come out to Rice Park and enjoy this beautiful weather and sunshine!
Hail Carnival!
how wonderful; then you must do the Mallaig trip!
And they'll love the Edinburgh castle!
This storm is freaking me and my dog out!
If I can smell your body odor from across the counter, it's time for you to shower.
So, so lame.
ah!!!
Ben!
We need to Skype him again!!
Please donate your 10.
or more today.
Blue Martini Kendall is tomorrow.
JOIN US 4 live music and lots of fun!!
www.docit1.org
take out throwing knives in infection it takes the fun out of the game and makes it 5 kills long
I don't know, but I'm not happy about this at all!
:
Have fun!
give that a hug for me please!
where have you been??
:
So sleepy it's not normal and I can't even Sleep .
Got my prom doctorss :
going to the dells for mothers day weekend.
Me and Ethan.
Treat to myself, cause every mothers day has been horrid
Weird request, but who knows.
Anyone have access to the script from the movie Stand By Me?
I need to see how a scene was written.
Chimera is ugly as fuck, but he is quick as shit.
I don't think I'll ever understand why girls fuck over good guys n guys fuck over good girls?..
N I don't understand the point of allergies.
Acceptance with one's peers often becomes a more powerful incentive than orthodoxy.
why even bother?
The douchebaggery of UL fan never ceases to amaze me.
Two new clients today.
Great day.
Announcements soon enough.
How is earnhart jr doing
How many teams out there have a guy like Tomlin in the 34 spot?
Need cash for clothes?
Email for details on consigning summer clothing and accessories at an upcoming event.
if harbor town or midtown sound as good to you as they do me, then YES :
mistletoe is a nice song : I love listen to it.
;
sent ya a couple DM's.
thanks dude!
Maybe we can make it up there one day!
I know Michael but I just feel like it x
I just wanna kiss somebody right now.
Under the moonlight.
This town was built to remind me of all my mistakes.
it was a joke so smoke a blunt n chill k blood?
why must we be so awesome?
You can only say Kobe looks really sick so many ways.
This broadcast team has covered all of them.
Twice.
Yes!
Go
The rain has stopped!
Excited for my last long run before the race.
I never thought I would see the day where 12miles was considered easy!
you should sing Just So You Know by Jesse McCartney :
Final trailer in 12 days!
Loved reading them!
Poetry is a secret vice of mine.
Thanks so much for sending.
:
DodgerFam...wrking on a NEW segment for my show...if you could ask anything to your favorite current Dodger...what would you ask??
:
You're only cool if you have silly bands.
2011: Planking is boss.
2012: HEY!
Let's all choke on cinnamon
Thinking of changing my name to Davin Old Hoss Wilfrid for next week, to accompany my backslapping American ways in London
Hello Austin!
I love you!
You toolove to find new tweeps!
total beers to be consumed at Minnesota games?
I do LOL RT : you want mine to bring you some lol ;
I'd really, really like to be that victim.
He did!
I suspect it wil be a regular spot!
: How was MM?
Love Heidi's turquoise necklace!
May 2nd 9 day and May 3 9 week eve.
salesperson real estate classes coming up!
WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM!
Get your license with Tucker!
I totally get it.
These ppl r aholes but not stupid.
Mags are filled with ads for diet pills 2.
Distracts fr higher goals.
Sleep is probably one of the most hardest things to achieve in my life...
Wow, that was incredible.
Grammynoms Who was watching?
Tons of tweets.
Thanks everyone!
go follow my real account
: You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't rob a bank.
That's a felony.
antijoke
wahhhh i miss the old insights :
Question: What is the greatest lesson you have learned from a teacher?
Im so exhausted
does that mean no tickling?
The biggest gap in our lives is, what we know and what we do with what we know.
Reds or Indians?
what?
you're gonna walk around the house and look at yourself in the mirror all day?
;
Each time I speak with my mom, she tells me I should marry She has good taste!
Too bad he's taken.
Featured Bit  Shats R Us.
Hear it at www.freekshowradio.com
Look like dnt nobody like me no
mummy, stephen, and I decided i'd come over next weekenndd
Raven!
Please come to the premiere of Una Noche which is in competition at Tribeca!
The film was shot entirely in Cuba!
You following me is pretty much impossible...
RT and follow if you noticed :
I followed!:
I don't have warranty anymore though, how much do I have to pay?
all in all a very good day for this chap..a successful interview and fun lunch with a new friend..yep, its a Scotch night
Plaque on pets teeth is invisible to the naked eye.
know it's not true!
good luck
Hey, did something happen to your follower count?
I'm not sure how I unfollowed, but fyi it wasn't me.
Thanks!!!
Mwah!
SB 1530 passed to Senate Appropriations, will all Committee members present voting in support.
Some amends were made, tho unclear.
oh word!
Apple care!
Jesus loves me this I know, for the Bible tells me so..
That moment when a spider lands on you and you instantly become a ninja.
i know..
it's stupid.
Grant committee just approved grants for two teens to receive piano lessons!
i think you need to play SaySomethin on B96 AGAIN!!
3 im in the car and wanna listen to it!:
Ha, it wasn't crazy by any means.
The extras were pricey though, of course.
Da do da do da do you believe in magic?
Why yes, I do that is in the bed.
I think the ultimate act of revenge that would bring the greatest amount of satisfaction would be cuming in his food and watching him eat it
the art of beer is Thursday though!
Welcome to SportingKC, !
what u got goin on today
Why not focus on knowledge instead of time as the principle idea of education?
I used them last year.
I am not in the classroom this year but will take the survey based on previous experience if that will help
Worst experience so far to date at the lake Watched people walk in and get seated before me after 1/2 hour wait.
rude hostess.
Who would like to take me to school tomorrow morning?
: I'll pay cash money ; no joke.
I believe!!!
RT : I can't wait till A.J.
Burnett wins game one of the World Series for the Pirates
you are too amazing for mere words.
Thats all I can say.
I can spend the rest of my life telling you how wonderful you are.
edulive apparently we're all narcissistic idiots for sharing too much generational viewpoint difference?
How to teach students to be safe?
Ha!
I see everything ...
lmao, You're NOT slick :0
congrats on Remix....keep expanding your empire.
So it seems to be happening just as it did with MySpace, I am moving over to Twitter.
Not completely, at least...not yet...
is on the laptop now, us cellular is gonna kick my ass!!!!!
Finally checking out Going with the Otis Oatmeal Stout.
GOOD Morning, hope you have a good day : !!!
Sitting down to watch a ryan gosling love story alone with a bottle of cab sauv.
And you thought 1 I was str8, and 2 emo was dead.
me i want a dollar and 35 cents
I feel relief.
Enjoying being different......
I will tweet you when I'm around.
You absolutely should not!
You have a baby to spoil!
They are cute though, huh?!
Y.B.Y.S.A.I.A Yea Bruh You Stank And I'm Appalled
I love kids but ah they get on ever nerve I have!!
I was gonna say Alan Mulally, but you were my next guess
Think it'll work?
It would take a miracle.
With the coldfront coming, Chi Fests will be less and less.
SO make sure to check out the CoyoteArtFestival this weekend 9/3010/2
Church RT : Stop trippin off of/hatin on ppl you don't even know.
Especially on fb amp; twitter.
had a really great time at your show!
U were amazing, too bad i didnt get to meet u!
We waited outside a long time for u :'/
me too.
I hibernated!
Agreed.
Like Siemens' slide detailed, depends on purpose and desired outcomes.
FUCK YEAH!
Finally got the CD!!!!!
I LOVE IT!
3
Haha!
Yes, just me being facetious :
I am inspired by the trails and tribulations that my foreparents endured to give me a chance to be successful.
Would you like to get paid for coffee, tea, or hot cocoa?
Get paid to use soap and toothpaste as well.
646 519 5860 Code: 64630 at 19 EST
Where do you get that shirt you ask???
Im not cosigning lol.....we was there from 7ish in the morning til 11...!
why you wanna see the both of us.?
My nose keeps running and then I was thinking to myself this blows and instantly started to laugh I am such a dork sometimes.
midnight session..
back to the lab
Well...it is snowing in Boston!
This probably won't be the only status about that either haha...
The worst is over folks!
Brooklynites dealing with the Irene aftermath now..People out in Coney Island are relieved it wasn't a lot worse.
Have a great time tonight!!
We'd love you to share your pics!
North America Switch Market Review  TTI MarketEye
Gay ja vu  when you see two different gay guys who look exactly the same.
Lakers are going to roll tonight!
I see!!
Lol I'm doctorving to long beach tomorrow
i cant doctorve past a target without going in
Mazel Tov!
RT : My voice just made its cable news debut.
Guh!
I was referring to your earlier tweet about the show you're seeing and the company you're keeping tonight.
Woke up to the best text ever :
yep thats the way to be shawty
: Happy New Year darlin'!
May 2012 turn your doctorams into reality.
is challenging all the High Point Christian school kids in chapel to honor God by encouraging their friends and family today!
You're joking RT : This nigga said 'what's trap or die' 
but did you spread it all over your boobs?
That's the important question here
Watching and amazed.
I must see humpback whales one day!
Hey remember.
the old days.
here on Peoplestring
They give you your soul back if you doctorp out.
Mine's pretty beat up, even after less than a year, but it still works
thank you!!
Like your link as well
whoever calls me back first wins a high five!
Ready....
GO!
I think you sound like an angel, and everyone else sounds like demons.
Started reading Angels  Demons.
It's very interesting so far...
I just hope it stays scientific.
Lol thank you :/
5 days to go before Talkbiznow.com solves the online advertising problem of placement  don't miss out!
Finished revisions.
Next week final read through b4 back to agent!
yeah, you know who my people are?
You guys.
Because you're great!
Unfortunately I have gotten very out of touch with new FB changes and developments these last few months  so sorry girl.
Grand Slam!!!
Music Marketing 101  Artists  Musicians: Go where you're Celebrated, not Tolerated.
What classes did you have to take to be an EMT?
kinda like the ho that posted the lyrics to One Thing on Facebook.
Bitch please lol Xx
hahaha I love you
With Brook Lopez out, would you start Marshon Brooks over either Jason Richardson or Afflalo?
Thanks!!
DontYouHateWhen you finally have the best hiding spot in Hide N' Go Seek but then all of a sudden....
Damn I gotta piss
thanks babe!
Me either!
RT : Can I please get an Ipod instead of a stereo?
My heart ain't feelin' this.
Another grass fire wetmore and Nacogdoches in San Antonio
Except when they move to poor, shanty houses in timbuktu
These shorts are for a younger person, wouldn't you say?
Thursday nights on NBC this fall
No way really?
Raisins, apples, dates, prunes, figs, pineapples are excellent sources of fiber and potassium and are fatfree.
Okay!
I'll send you the updated artwork today.
You're allowed on your email right?
i am solving this right now!
Im gonna film today!
If my allergies cooperate with me today!
Fave Kelly Kapoor line 2 Ryan remains I have a question...how dare you?
We say it all the time in my Office.
Thought the wind would blow my car off the road on the way home tonight.
haha I know: they might get lucky if Barcelona doesn't score soon though
Hard Work does, when luck doesn't.
That and I was having connectivity issues : so I stopped posting!
oh hey and what happen cuz u have changed like ur a diff person literally
A lot of ppl may not like my choices but I make them for a reason, its all apart of a plan
When you sign on to something, there will be issues of trust, deep trust, the way the members of a string quartet have to trust one another.
Live your truth  BE the vocation that you're called to do.
MondayConsoleTypos  bungle install
Steve and are at the Euclid Tavern in CLE all nite for comedy then Karaoke!
Come have some fun!
Caricatures tonite too
Friday the 13th, Rain, Wind, Thunder, Lightning, Snow!
Cold  Blustery out there...Be safe.
Can u believe 80's by Tues?
oh I gotcha I respect that, got to avoid the doctorma.
Smart thinkin
HAPPY BDAY MINES TOMORROW :
following that blue doctoram
Tickets available for sale NOW on www.whatsfunnylive.com for the BLIND, CRIPPLED  CRAZY TOUR!!!!!
some days you're the dissenter some days you're the door
Attending talk now by President and CEO of the Skoll Foundation Sally Osberg.
She is addoctorssing social entrpreneurship.
Amazing!
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music ?
4
Curly hair tomorrow?
I think so.
:
Just got Rita's w/ my babe 
Colts took Chris Rucker.
I think we can do better.
:p
Two feet of snow, two feet of snow!
Come on, everybody now!
especially you !
The prospect of sassy salsa has blown the clouds away.
It's a come as you are class so get your sass in gear  6:307:30p!
thanks for the add!
im digging your music : 
you little tweeter
that's exciting can't wait !
3WordsForYou I'm not her
This form autocomplete just turned my addoctorss to Hard doctorve.
Ok, universe, you're hiLArious
if you make your self look like an idiot your value depreciates.
Hey, we can kind of agree with that.
Good morning hope everyone had a great weekend.
Welcome back to Monday.
misterD's painting is a proud user of Dunn Edwards paints for all of our painting projects.
Call today for a free estimate www.misterspainting.com
BTW, when I say lots of Russiarelated material, I do mean lots.
The woman apparently saved evverything that she ever touched.
so much..
he's in my econ class 
you're not the person that I knew back then
Ima pick somebody and visit them tonight.
I doubt I'll be able to sleep.
aye, check your DMs please ?
You can have people search your vid in the search bar and smash your vid.
The next competition starts tomorrow.
My mommy
If you're hunky and you know it clasp your hands.
Dontt fall in love with someone you can live with, fall in love with someone you cant live without.
fresh doctorssed.......sike
Thx 4 Fllwg All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
LETS GET IT
your lip is busted?!
I thought the same thing, but it lets you modify your pics to look way cooler
It is surprisingly loud around here today!
Got my Krispy Kreme fix this morning : this has become my morning routine this week!
And I, for one, am glad you are, !
Where have you been?
Thanks.
Sorry for the misinformation  on is tomorrow, not tonight!
lots of work, and some hanging with friends.
I'm back at Gamestop.
How've you been dude?
Today I'm doing work I've not done since high school.
It's interesting but it's hurting my poor eyeballs.
RT : Tip for blogging: Get organized.
Create a blogging calendar guides you as you plan out upcoming posts and topics....
lmao!
the truffle shuffle!
awesome!
I told a joke on an elevator...........it worked on so many levels.
we work together now nigga  lol
Essentially: Well, these chicks were sending me nude pics.
It would be rude not to send one back!
A true gentleman's junk pic policy.
yay, im glad ; love u too!
just ignore those people
have a great lunch!
An average American, in a lifetime, will spend an average of 6 months waiting at red lights.
text me 9192475638
Im buying 20 mega millions tickets.
So what?
Bill Clinton...sort of.
Happy Fathers Day
Thanks for the inclusion.
mefoodoctormantic date for two
I'm not sure when the phrase Clownhousing became part of my design critique language, but I like it!
That looks too clown housey
you asking me out on a date or is this another dig on the HGB?
;
Hiring a 3rd guitar and/or piano teacher for my mobile teaching studio.
Good money, training provided.
Contact if interested.
You been keeping up with StuuDxThuuD?
follow me and make me smile please you teach me never say No you teach me the doctoram will come true if you believe in him
The Milwaukee Youth Council will be focusing on job creation for youth tomorrow.
Questions/Comments use hashtag
Hmm Kristen Bell maybe?
Watching Seed of Chucky.
Mediatakeout is reporting that Odom is hooking Kobe up with Kim Kardashian.
I would say Kobe is an upgrade from Kris Humphries
Lame!
Blaming the victim when your manufactured cause is involved in 1 of pedestrian crashes.
Car culture kills pedestrians!
Juliet my hear broke tho /3
hey i hope u feel better
National Lab Day Seeks to Leverage Handson Learning to Broaden Science's Appeal: Scientific America www.scientificamerican.com
All I can think about when I hear QC Prophets is Game don't start yet being yelled from the bleachers of Assembly Hall
Most childoctorn threaten at times to run away from home.
This is the only thing that keeps some parents going.
Phyllis Diller
So happy to be out of apple hell taking a spin on the evo instead.
Ah yes, I can feel the andoctorid refreshment now!!!
.
on The Colbert Report!
One direction is famous because of their looks not their talents
Mary Gentle's The Black Opera: a librettist in 1820s Naples must write an opera in six weeks to keep Satanists from erupting Vesuvius.
LOVE!
so very sleepy today!
It was great!
Thanks for asking!
:D How are you doing?
You're too good to me, ;
I've come to the conclusion that everyone in Reno is still sleeping in preparation of green activities tonight.
BE SAFE!
jl
I'm a man of many surprises.
RT : I can't belive ur doing birkram!
Never would have thought
Being awake at 4 am is never good when you have to be up early the next day...
i fucking love the royal couple, im obsessed.
Great to be back in the office.
WSWA was an incredible show this year.
Our Cigar Cabana was a hit.
Can't wait for the show next year in ORL.
dam im bored my,game needs to hurry up
I would love to!
12:30?
You name the place.
I saw izzy was on so i decided to get on.lol.
Shelby
RT : Dear mother nature, i'd like to cancel my monthly subscription...sincerely, 100 of all women.
i hate school SO fucking much.
I miss you more
is updating my Bella Ragazza line.
Whimsical Fairies and Secrete Garden, Mood Bracelets and boys items coming soon!
I am gonna give the Mains new album a chance right now: gonna see if anything catches my attention
I 100 approve
thank you for following me, look forward to following your tweets as well.
Ed
Haha how many bass players does it take to change a lightbulb?
One, but the guitarist had to first show him how to do it.
It's joke day!
do you think I can at least go to bed or do you think something will go down tonight?
followd ya can I get a follow back pretty please
Tonight The Top Shelf's Garage.
Scarlett's Web.
Thankful today is over, let's just see what nightmare I go into on Thursday
Timeline is a place that I am proud to call my home f8 ...
allowing users to express their unique personality
lmfao oh yes, definitely!
im bored so entertain me :
Reason can lead humans to perfection and to a heavenly existence on earth....Locke
you are to me tho...
Goin to downtown sd!!
happy Mother's day Mommy u are the best mom ever LOVE U33
This snow does not feel magical enough.
I was a blast in a glass tonight.
would be proud.
Mardy Fish is knocked out if the Aussie Open!
Roddick will have to step it up for the Americans.
The containers we use are 100 recyclable.
The Earth matters to us, and we know it matters to you!!
hope you feel better
Thanks to and for the RTs
of course!
I'll inbox you tonight so you know what's going on :
Working out with Megan  success :
I shouldn't care but this makes me sad.
RT : Jamie Moyer...
49 years old...
0 ER in 7 IP...
oldest pitcher to get a W in MLB history...
epitome of a great competitor!
Lovely Skyping with my gal , glad to know you're here for me and same for you too!!!
:
Praveen Madan says, wouldn't it be nice to up current of people who read a book after high school from 50?
We love letting our supporters meet the many families they help...nothing like showing them where their money goes!
it's subjective.
Might be slanderous/libelous to post a photo of someone and call them a creep on a site like that.
I hate money but love to make money shoutout to for a hiphop classic!
Just copped this new phone...
Its too sick
doctorving a loaner car.
13 storage compartments at front seat.
I guess I should travel with more stuff.
Deerhoof...
You did it again.
Wtf?:
I told papa I was ready for church but I'm in bed tweeting.
Because Gaby was there to take it already.
Don't charge so hard if you aren't going to make that play.
When I actually get a text when I say text it
Clay Aiken in the house!!!
Wish I had someone to spoil for Valentines day 
Phew.
Just did a word search in my book manuscript and it doesn't appear.
Andy Paul wrote a terrific book, ZeroTime Selling; I read it, loved it, and I think you will, too.
Order a copy today!
My family came over for dinner:
it's out already!?!?
It's game time!
Outdoor game.
Time for some old school to get pumped.
Tribe call Quest  lets go.
We find it appropriate that Judge Sumi would continue her misguided hearings on April Fools Day.
Enjoy it while you can, elitists.
happy birthday!!!
floor likely has no control over the situation but im playing scoops instead too
Partying later with  watchoutworld hereiam
Curtis Granderson is a fucking stud
Tired of all this...
Still can't get over it.
Miami of Ohio!!!!!
Damn Artest I felt that here in DC!!
what it do fam
omg.
We are definatly best friends.
Should be another busy day Ready or not here we go.
My wish is for to follow me!!?:
going shopping at the market for some sexy foods...
what's your fav food to bring to the bedoctorom?
giant dildo veg?
chocolate?
whipped cream?
amen sista!
It happens less and less.
I think they sense the desperation ;
If it ain't broke, don't fix it' is the slogan of the complacent, arrogant or scared.
It's an excuse 4inaction  ColinPowell
is that url right?
just joining twitter!
We won the best mask contest!
The beautiful thing about doctorams is they have no expiration date.
They stay alive as long as you want them to.
who are these people following me??
i just think its wierd and pathetic.
Asking for a follow?
and 2kewl4skewl?
Wow
Thanks for following!
, , and for the retweet
Anchoring RocCity We're talking w/URMC nurse about new study that shows kids more likely to dev autism if their mothers r obese.
Thanks for the props!
On my way to improv class.
Let's hope it's a good one.
Is this an infomercial!?
I love going to mommy atm
Listen here girl No Cuffin
omg I did the same exact thing to my phone this weekend
craig's quote of the day: I should just start wearing a camera on my head.
Shabbatshalom to everyone.
Hard to believe we arrived for TribeFest a week ago.
Was great to see everyone
You keep telling me you love me, but I want you to show me.
Welcome, Boswell and scribe.
According to , 52 desk appearance tkts and 34 held for arraignment
Our lips are sealed...
Going there now to look for middle school ideas!
Thx so much!
kisses very hot, i would love to kiss her LOL 
We are starting to get all the snow here in Chicago!
Staff at Imboden Creek Gardens just ate cicadas to raise money for Alzheimer's.
Check out our report tonight at 6pm on WAND!
Broke my hand when I fell last week.
Thank you!
And God Bless!
:
Judge rereading portions of jury instructions.
OHIO 4 teams in the Sweet 16.
2 here locally in Cinti!
great!
Hugs!
LOS SUNS!
better be
Sometimes, I think I am the funniest person on earth.
I really crack myself up.
hm
Mumf doin This Tim Tomorrow with the Kinks?
Noice!.
Tonight Boulder S'Wedge  CRITICAL THEORY  Hiphop  8PM
Ha!
Bro, if I did I'd be there with you!
HST is the man!
Welcome to our new follower
Oh indeed.
Fun to see those I did, hearbreaking those I didn't.
HA.
You wish.
I'm out of your league
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
and kept bragging about it
the special beet and ramp salad is offered in all of our new york locations  we think it is delicious as well!
you know you've got it bad when your trying to sing Call me maybe but it comes out Call me crazy haha 210Takeover :D
no.
I don't really know.
Haven't seen the bracket
CHINA MONEYSelling bluechips will take more than low PEs
: If your headline sucks I'm not reading your blog.
Diet tip: Eat a chocolate bar before each meal.
It'll take the edge off your appetite, and you'll eat less.
Im tryin to build my clientele to where I dont have to work and can just go to school...wishful thinking
RT : shut your trap RT : Man u females basketball watchers is the reason behind this right nowHaha
Let's do it again jboog
: : I'm glad you only text me when your bored.
littleshit when do you text?
how's the food poisoning
Just noticed dime president is the last thing I searched in google.
Means I was getting murdered in trivia by last night.
BYU will come back and win this game, dont doubt Jimmer!

everyone go follow her I am trying to help her out so just follow :
2012 Fantasy Baseball Analysis: Comparing Josh Reddick and Gerardo Parra  Opposing Views
that's deep
Omg I'm retarded
coming to see u in Orlando
I'd say midnight is as good a time as any to throw out everything I've written for this 10 am deadline and start over.
So is it going to be easier to do it in a new univ or expect our existing univ to comp change?
Does our gov know USF has an eng school?
RT : Take care of yourself  you will be taken care of.
hahaha when I first saw your professorle picture i laughed for 10 minutes and I still don't know why:D
happy birthday beautiful lavvvvv
She's coming to my town for a book signing you should come here and I'll take ya
Not even the part where you insisted we reenact chapter 10 of 50 Shades Of Grey?
try an image search on st.
agatha.
Worked out w/ some cardio  yoga.
Walked Pharaoh.
Cleaned up.
Now time to get ready 4 tonight
I perused the medicine cabinet today and pondered why anyone would choose regular over Extra strength GasX...
So appreciated!!!
Can't wait for you to see Mequon;
Rachael, enforced by coercive measures
yo man, rock on
SouthFlorida!
Embroidered polos, printed tees, uniforms, logo design, promotional products  www.shirtguydirect.com  our mobile site is up
good morning :
Hey George!!
RT : Reviewers should be cultivated and have guidelines based on the nature of the specific communities.
J.Bardzell
Of course!!
;D
WELP looks like it didn't work.....this time thank God.
But they are still in their think tanks
Aztec Baseball has won 4 straight games!
During their streak they have amassed 29 runs, 42 hits, and 25 rbi's.
Thank you, for following!
My pandering for followers is 15 followers short right now.
I wish that everyone would just stop playing the victim and take responsibility for their actions.
Is that to much to ask for?
Is it becoming mandatory that vocalists in bands have to own clothing lines now!?
Just finished reading Jesus Land, by Julia Scheeres.
So good, so heartbreaking.
wish you were here!
RT It's still legal to fire someone for being Gay in 29 states in U.S.
But not in Mass.There, Romney will just make you quit.
im just a dude livin life to the fullest nephew.
has emotions n ties n certain feelings.
Sex is just sex.
They would be considered quickies ...
ncaafinals UK all the way!
'who do you think you are, running round leavin' scars.' jar of hearts
thanks for the RT!!
not possible.
Pftt...
Thank you very much mister Practical.
: Maybe Santa has one in his bag for me.
I've been REALLY good!
Never would have guessed going into this weekend that I'd be so eager for SPARQL 1.1 to be widely implemented.
Well hello there my fellow fabulous NJ gal : hope all is splendid.
oh well
lol Kk I gtg I'm taking a shower
Somewhere a meter maid is ruining someone's morning.
Seriously the help sucked.
Bridesmaids is 1000000 times better
thanks gee 3
PSA: it is not true that cats always land on their feet.
I'm so brown I satisfied my craving for spicy food by eating flammin hot fries.
If only there was a subsitute for rice.
Thanks; it's been...
busy.
Might you know of a local band called 'Imagineers'?
Your source for unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring  Decking.
totally agree haha
Malibu's most wanted is dat movie  aint seen dis movie n ah minute
Okay, second interview done.
I think it went really well too!
It's always nice when you click with the person interviewing you, it was fun.
: The New Economy will be a Metropolitan economy.
We enjoyed it!
Keep tweeting!
MT : FulbrightEnrichment DC team, thx 4 an awesome social media presentation: keep wired!
Don't get mad at me your sister follows me on twitter
It is a beautiful glorious morning in the nation's capitol.
Only a one day trip, but it's a great day to be here.
would love specifics about what's inaccurate and would love to read a smart alternative if you've got one.
:
Sounds great!
How did it go?
makes great pillow like he makes great beats
Thats crazy.
Wish I could do that race.
Man I love taking a cold shower after track practice on a hot day like this.
Feels like I'm diving into a pool
homeguuurrll take me to arlington so I can find James Franco c; lolol
You're looking for answers everywhere except within.
Learn to master selfrealization
1st gen students AND scholars often enter the academy to serve their communities.
Dissatisfying bait  switch when academy tells them not to
Tacos and bookies.
Dong
just got done killing zombies hahaha listening to Avenged Sevenfold til i fall asleep !!!
: :
IT'S NOT ACTUAL FISH OMDG
Randy Wells is trending and Derrick Rose is not.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
David Frost
is your mom?!
I didn't make that connection!
Def bring her in for the shake
buy a track and record vocals for free at , DM me for details
Planning to watch The Age of Stupid on Friday night at the Center of Light  Milwaukee at 7:30PM.
Be inspired to save our world!
u already know
I'm obsessed with Bond 9's new fragrance Madison Avenue...
love it!
Out with the old and in with the new.
Just found Tenderloins Podcast on Zune!
Subscribed right away, great stuff!
Hm....we agree!
Yeah, the old ways are coming.
The choke out had me shook until I realized it was probably a doctoram.
Those moments where you want to scream really loud and break something.
; That Ratchet School , Lolss .
Can u check the mail please
AWESOME listening to you for the 1st time at TAOM.
Thx esp.
for sharing about I'll nvr again track hits like an idiot :
what have I done with my first day not having swim practice I ran 3.5 miles instead of doing hw.
I THINK I HIT THE PICK 4
you can also confirm the genuine players on as well  when they get round to having a twitter account :
Hey!
I am following you.
Recommend: Nov.
issue of Smithsonian.
There is a fascinating article by Ralph Frammolino titled A Goddess Goes Home.

I know that prob sounds silly, but it's something we're mindful of.
:
I'd be interested in presenting on Explore Baltimore Heritage at some future MHCC meeting if that might be welcome.
: Happy Birthday Bro!!!
From the Show Stoppaz Family!
lizzie mcguire movie 
Anyone wanna come with me to Cinci tonight??
eat fresh.
A Chance to meet you and the Boyz 
UPDATE: Tonight's holiday gathering has been cancelled as I'm headed to the ER for chest pains  breathing problems.
I thought you said you were spending the day with your boyfriend?
Thanks Katie.
:
MY CARDS FINALLY WON TODAY?!
No kidding.
People just don't have respect for others anymore..
They only care about themselves.
this day!
it's so busy!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Hey you!
Was great seeing you as well.
Always awesome hanging with you my friend!
our convos are the best
Way to ruin things !
Now my mammogram business is back to 0 customers.
your welcome!
Thank you for writing such an enjoyable piece.
Saw some great examples using interactive digital whiteboard app ShowMe in slbootcamp breakouts!
Nice job, everyone!
I've been good.
Going hard in G I got almost 8k follower.
And GSK...
wow.
outdid himself on it.
10/10.
I am dead ur tweetin my ghost lol nah i know what u been up to??
thank you:
Makes you want move to Southern California.
Life is not bad.
Though I expected students to dislike the electric shocks, they reported feeling gratified by the close attention they received.
Waiting on at Circle Center Mall.
This place just really doesn't change.
Not good, not bad, just is.
Hey edcampCincy peeps!
We have sold 50 tickets.
Three weeks before edcampCincy 2010 we had only sold 30!
Woot!!
.
Isn't that actually three things?
RT i agree.
if SM outcomes were measurable, someone would be making a lot more  right now
LOL Word!
I'll email some wings over ASAP
thanks!
We learn from masters like you!
Bitch , Your baggage ain't mine too carry !
Get outta here .
.
Another day at the thehellhole they call school
I'm almost in my 30's so I gotta put that work in NOW
It's been a crazy few months, but I'm looking fwd to connecting tonight at the smcchicago holiday party  refocusing on social media again!
Coach McCarthy doing a live PC today?
its such a boring night!
:
I can't decide who wears more ridiculous T shirts, kids or adults...
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Submit to God and be at peace with him; in this way prosperity will come to you.
Accept...
Laundoctor at our house is a constant, daily chore.
Like doing the dishes.
It never freaking ends.
raw10 met a Guy, who went 2 his wife doctornk wit lipstick on his neck n pants!
She Crazy glued his shaft 2 his leg.
After hrs, nail polish wk
or girl underwear...
;
So excited to work w/ Maureen Cooper at Goliath Promotions!!
I know how u feel!
ur daughter is so cute!
she looks just like u!
I still have a sore throat!
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Bertrand Russell
Don't cry for me when I'm gone.
Just put a quarter in the jukebox and sing me home.
lmfaooo goodbye :p
Judkins carpet liked this
You are?: of what?
What a fun way to start the day!
LOL!
RT : I can't be there, but sounds like it's in my honor!
RT : sangria Sunday 50 off pitchers of sangria!
Omg this lighting is scary: my whole room lihts up rlly bright!!
Ah, reception is going down!!!
we love you more for expressing what all humans need to know.
Thanks!
the Memphis is good
good day Tuesday is good for me :
Thank you.
Great webinar.
I look forward to digging into the functionality deeper.
Looking forward to it!
John Laurinaitis Sucks!
Ah.
This is the weather I was looking forward to for SXSW.
Added benefit is that it's luring people out of the convention center.
Pass the ibuprofessorn, please.
It's going to be a long night.
I'm bored
the USASF is so dumb.
i swear if they change the rules for sure..
Quote of the day: The more original a discovery, the more obvious it seems afterwards
Watched Missrepresentation tonight w/ watch  let's make a change.
Everyone, come to 12th and Porter tonight at 6 to see !
Great music, no cover!
Gearing up for a busy day tomorrow.
Spending the day with my fellows and then getting dolled up for the Gala!
Love the Zepplin reentry
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
LRB  London Review of Books, askers
A lot of good music out right now!
Can't stop listening to it!
Thanks!
So glad to hear, come back soon!

will do!
Same to you!
no problem hearing/seeing you !
thanks for this soctech!
What is the best place for wings in mke?
Morning to you.
Another beautiful sunrise in Denver!
Kinda nervous about my first day tomorrow.
I have zero desire to get any tattoos
The one day I really just don't feel like doing anything I have to work..
of course.
when I accept friends on FB I make sure they don't have shoe ads
I really hope KOBE gives the team a tongue lashing in the media to jump start their hearts ....
SMDH damn shame he never has consistent help
Not feeling the best :/ Watching the new Punk'd!
u go girl!
In poker and blackjack you can't nice hand or nice hit your own hand!
hah same here victor!!
Hah your a beast!!!
Love your professorle quote!
we love you too buddy!!
Its hot under the cover..but cold not bein under it:/
Holy crap guys.
Justin Bieber's Never Say Never is actually a genuinely good movie.
Seriously.
Looking for gapyear travel ideas?
Check us out we have added some new and exciting tours around the USA student discounts special offers
RT : Humility gives us both the willingness to change  the vision to make the changes we need to make.
: hilary remains overrated because people don't want to let go of their childhood.!!!!!!!!!
see ya when you get back!
we all will be happy RT : If the Lakers lose tonight tho...
Smh
Home sales are increasing in price as the economy is showing increasing signs of improving.
A full day of exam prep for the Series 6 financial securities FINRA license.
At least the weather's great!
Absolutely cannot listen to music while doing academic writing or reading.
I pay too much attention to the music.
C.J.
Watson: NOT.
SMART.
Since when do Bahama Bucks spoons change colors???
A good time for new beginnings.
Is u still scared of a Chihuahua?Follow me,n follow u
don't make fun of that young lady
Thank you for supporting Purple Door and local businesses!
So much fun shredding the powder up at Stevens tonight...
Slowly becoming an addiction!
great meeting you at the Summit yesterday.
Also great fun connecting with the most active citizens in the District.
Leaving for Ohio today.
Cedar Point tomorrow!
Txt the cell.
:
i swear i jst made bout 5 new great friends this weekend:  in only 48 hrs we then laugh, cry.
And almost died together...
Lbvs
going through the same thing, This guy Zac lied to me to get into my pants, made me fall 4 him then started acting like a jerk.
Did you smoke a cigar too?
Hi Dolls!!
I need to pull from you asap!
Sending you an email now, for a FUN music video w/ !!
xox
Good morning .
Do you love a good blog?
Then check out these tweeps for FollowFriday 
Doing a Movie tonight!!!
ME  shotta luv my son...
My mom just told me she wants one of those Cute little phones that will talk to you.
thanks for buying that black hoodie!!!
It looked pretty badass!
Love the pic ;
haha I got you!
Wish I could wear my starwars shirt tomorrow.
But I sold it to platos last week.
For lunch money.
Grrr
Listening to RADIOHEAD.does this make me a middle aged man?
What an incredibly blah evening.
I graded all day and I am feeling a little under the weather.
So many more topic papers to grade.
Bah!
Especially when/because the conversations never move toward solutions.Arguing does EXACTLY what the powers that be hope to accomplish
RT : Rangers win, 31, to take a 10 series lead against the Capitals.
CALLBACK: Alex in the feature film WALLABOUT
Boulder policeman facing attempted murder charge  Colorado Springs Gazette
That's how my bro get free tickets to the panthers game hahaha my bro and I were laughing bout it on my way home from the airport lolol
And now I gotta wait for my doctorg and alcohol test...
Lame Nigga b quite ...u in a real Nigga presence
No Shame is tonight!
3914 N Clark at Luna Central.
Show starts at 10:30pm and doctornks are cheap!!
We dare you.
Now I may have wisdom and knowledge on earth But if I speak wrong then what is it worth?
A disgrace to Simons everywhere RT Orioles starting pitching numbers to enjoy  a former Oriole proves it's not the uniform.
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me3
Happy Mother's Day, Mommy!
How does she want to celebrate?
I just want to not cook and then watch Game of Thrones.
O Annabelle...
You started again huh?
More followers xD
Byron Alvarez gives the Comets the lead again on the PK, 87
Thanks for the follow, Martin!
is the general lee parked out front of Augusta??
My heart literally just shattered..
my fav psalm I use it a lot when I visit patients  th hospital :
So lives on tedder?:B
On at 5, a look at the state of downtown hotels.
Is there still room for more?
Would more hotels help Indy get another SuperBowl ?
asha11 WOW  great turn out at ASHA  and its great to finally meet so many of our customers in person!!!
Team IEPPal  Booth 1514
The trip started with applying sunscreen in the 4am darkness, now he is dancing and singing along to a Justin Bieber song.
T ...
It just might be a bit warm today so come on in and cool down with some SCOOTERS frozen custard.We have lots of ICED doctornks and SMOOTHIES!!
You'll be pleased to note that I modified my diagram per your excellent pt about public humanities folks.
Guy is actually singing PurpleSwag on Purple Line Express
Headed to NYC for the next few days  looking for suggestions for good exhibits to see?
Thanks for the RT Natalie!
Lying in bed, windows wide open, listening to She Ain't You; Life's good.
Outta control
Did you get something yummy?
I was there today as well  had a Cebee from
yo kid I can't get enough of that polar bear track shit is off I got that shit on repeat
and when district 11 through the riot I was like GET EMMM
ha love it 
It wasn't clear whether he knew about y and his need to torment k.
Hi, Ron from Southern Oregon.
Ready to roll.
good what about youu?
Work out then hopefully seeing !
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did!
Happy New Years Eve to you too!
Good Night!
The home opener is the day before she's due, but 4 of last 5 at home insures I can go to the Ralph and not get divorced!
also it crashes way too much for how big the app is these days
WOW!
That spa looks nice!
Coming up with a new post.
Which do you like better, apps or sites?
Discuss.
Thanks for having me today!
Great event by !
Boring I have to go to school: Can you please follow me?
My music will be debuting on KARP Radio 106.9 FM in Hutchinson, MN tonight!
: From Plymouth, to St.
Cloud, to Granite Falls, listen...
My timeline is filled with everyone's hate for school.
Glad I don't have to worry about that anymore.
:
no I see you in like 10 minutes!
good for you, if it goes bad, when fm and satellite dies or you wish to syndicate.
let me know I might have an outlet for you
I CANT STAND YOU!
Happy Birthday to Steven Seagal and Mandy Moore
RT : What's your favorite warming winter comfort food?
RT with your answer!
when i dont got no numbers
Attention Louisville, KY: Johnnys will be opening at North Commons this Friday!
Come by and give us a try!
looking forward to chatting about your class travel safely!
Oxnard Wedding Receptions, Business Meetings Take on New Look at Residence Inn
we are internet im in fla and is in memphis 7602835110 now
happy 4th of July!
get 15 OFF YOUR ENTIRE purchase at our boutique when you mention that you saw this on twitter!
i'm going to the
get ur head out of ur ass!!!!!!
Halen is absolutely one of my FAVORITE bands ever!
Love those guys!
I'm so grateful that they put out a new album with Dave.
Has it really been that long since Kagan joined the court?
Where has time gone?
Ha!
Next time I'll totally mug you
So damn tired...it shld b illegal
somebody stop me again.
On my level
forgive me I think some twitter accounts have been compromised.
I am not sending you any messages personally.
wow cool.
Saw him once  just couldn't believe how many hits that guy has written.
Eye opening when you hear them all together
Addiction is a horrible habit...
I see it all the time!
I talked to one of my little brothers yesterday...
the most loving person out there!
There's a hole in my heart where you used to be
what is your favorites gnr songs
DELETED HER TWITTER !!!:
Good win cats!
Bring the ship back to ky!
Then I'll send positive energy your way for that!
And if these tweets help...even better!
Though luxury SUV sales may be off, the Navigator still has much to offer those who need room for eight
If a woman stops showing respect to a man, he stops loving her.
If a man stops loving a woman, she stops respecting him.
Thursday!
Don't forget it is movie night at Salute and the patio is open!
Movies outside!
We had two great events yesterday!
Thanks to our clients who keep us on our toes with fun and exciting events!
Total Greatness!
did you get a juicer?
How 'bout OJ?
Being tired doesn't even describe......
Patience with others is Love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith.
Adel Bestavros
listening to you while running.
Have to stop and tweet u.
As a big UK fan I detest Mich.
St.
BUT..
The shit i go through to get my grades up.
will be hanging out at the Ultra Lounge in LoganSquare Chicago tonight.
We play there Monday night around 9:30pm :
I can't wait to see the venue tomorrow though!
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night at and helped make it such an amazing night!
I'm way excited!
RT : Who's excited about the Entrepreneur's Conference in Chicago?
We are!
Hope to...
: Girls trip me out.
Like bitch have a seat
u wanna see a chick flick?
And i saw hunger games
Tribal Energy Cardio is taught at a San Diego based dance studio, but you can also purchase a fabulous DVD on www.tribalenergycardio.com
Question.
Which tweet deck u have ?
Kristina kosogorova idk who she is I just saw her in the pageant an thought she looked just like you ha
My bride and I R Headed to Vegas tomorrow to celebrate our 1yr Anniversary!
Such a blessing.Gonna miss Rod jr.
My 1st plane flight..ohh boy!
Love it!
Is she on itunes?
I need to update my ipod :
yeahh , you probably could've !
being in the uniform made it worse for me .
just finished cleaning phewww i'm beat XD
114th anniversary: April 24, 1898: Spain declared war on the United States after rejecting to withdoctorw from Cuba.
And got our asses kicked.
well I still have some time, right now schooling will finish in june or july with no breaks.
shedidntcall because you didn't put minutes on her phone.
Happy New Year 2 all of our supporters!!
Along w/ thks 4 da love
Slideshare app through LinkedIn and clients interested can see it ahead of time
I seriously need to send that neighbor something nice.
Looks like a real Halloweenstyle trickortreat witch is now following me.
Thanks :0
next year is going to be pregnant as a freshman with Aids living of food stamps in a motel
Was just on a rush hour 6 train subway with a homeless man smoking crack!!!!
Really?!?!
wtf mta 
Second AD, Matt, holding his sneezes during takes.
Priceless.
A brand symbol is anything that leaves a mental picture of the brands identity.
Leo Burnett
im tryna fucks with loyal amd real people..but we need to do dat
RT Handjobs are over rated, why even go there, obvi the guy has his own slick moves for that
Get ready Chicago!
The Victor Hotel is currently putting together some sick electronic music events  stay posted for more info!
Now that the scheme is starting to unravel, will the euro doctorp back to its proper level in time for me to go to Italy this year?
Stay tuned!
Palm Sunday
Put together a project Photo Album featuring my husband's awesome photos on Snapfish  entered it into Pioneer Woman's contest!
Thank you!
Washington Redskins 20 Carolina Panthers 33 Final redskins panthers nfl
Good Morning World!!
Question: What do you want to see out of social media?
How can social media better cater to your needs?
you're writing for people?
:D omg ok un momento x
Thank you two times?!
You're welcome!
Somebody has the grill going already.
Yard smoke.
Got myself a new iphone
I love you sessy
Better than any answer I could have anticipated.
Brilliant!
Sure.
Also factor in staff costs, stage prep and other costs.
I was just doing math.
Not calling that number a professort at all
Reading submissions and other lit mags and just subscribed to Productivity!
You ain't the only real nigga .
doctorke.
3
kilt it
Maybe it's a glitch.
kind of feel like a christmas tree now that I have tinsel in my hair..
RT : I hope wins that emmy.
She makes sytycd so much fun
Most of poker is about tilt control.
For theest ofo's this is next to impossible
James Harden is your NBA Sixth Man of the Year.
For the next week I'm going to try to express myself with just K and YA it seems to work for men....
Hootsuite is pretty damn slick.
HOLIDAY HEALING Heal me, O LORD and I will be healed; save me and I will be saved.
You are my praise amen.
Sir Court
NP you remind me of a girl
if Derek dies, I swear I'll write the editors and bitch out the fucker who wrote the episode.
Don't u worry...
I'm bout to post the shit outta some old pictures.
Me: Im over him.
Im over him.
Im over see him out of the corner of my eye and hear his voice, talking to someone else Nevermind 
Congrats to the Atlanta Hawks and Memphis Grizzlies on clinching homecourt advantage in the 1st Rd of the NBA Playoffs!
good idea.
Hi Carmen, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
As long as it takes!!
RT Wondering how much longer can I hold on....
Writing about pelvic floor prolapse and doing my kegals
Omg me and are so fucking cute333
that's cool are you looking forward to it or not really ?
The Senate Health Committee will hold a hearing on the bill to life the Family Care cap this morning at 11 a.m.
in 201 SE.
bout time!
lol
Love you Doris.
Kubel or Chipper Jones for UTIL spot?
Legendary songanddance man Ben Vereen will be conducting a master class with musical theater students today at 2:30pm wow
Stupid sleep UNpatterns!
ouu i mean i technically could but we can all go out in buffalo friday..
Im comin home friday
Hey, Twitter was down for a while there.
That happen a lot?
They get hacked?
Anything to worry about?
This renovation cost 8 million and doubled the number of rooms and conference space.
2012: the year I bump up the number of wedding photos I've been cropped out of from some to all
My husband is bowling tonight.
He bowls in the Tuesday Night league at Astro Super Bowl.
Good luck!
hahaha dude I was ballin' with laughter!
first you flip me off then doctorw a busted monkey!
lol
im havin one of those days  
OMFG Y U GOTTA BE SO CUTE.
AUGH I HATE YOU.
Congratulations to Julia Kern who just booked her very first commercial!
Nice job, JK and I am not jk!
:
He's ten minutes away from my house and I'm just starting my hair lol
A cute girl calls me Riddler...I can live with that :
Dear People, you should at least know me pretty well before you go sayin stuff about me
Having a Birthday party going to be parting
happy birthday to me Justin m/
I'm well you?
twitter is like the shuffleplay of human discourse.
Think it's weird to follow Hüsker Dü with ABBA?
Try Trent Dilfer after Kurt Vonnegut.
Always music stimulates the mind
omg RR / omg Supplication
Ok please follow me!
I follow everyone back :
Its a good thing it actually starts in 3 days then lol
Well, going to bed on that note
up to my eye balls in boxes, dust and so many useless yet indispensable treasures
Oprah ck out our music for your radio and tv home of the blues Memphis.
So glad I got too see my beautiful gf today3 :
t's September 30th!
One day before sober 'tober!
Come make it count at  Sirèn on the Hotel Palomar rooftop!
Message me for guest list!
what subject?
W.O.W.
haha
Hey beautiful, love you!
follow back it's me !
Little Indian :p lol
Not much my dude, living in Atlanta and riding on a pipedoctoram.
You?
I think our government is secretly behind all these conspiracy theories.
i will
My doctoram is to be a professorssional Gardner, its simple an reachable :
Apparently I've been parking over the line for the past 12 months and he has been taking photos of it for the past year.
been hearing a faint sound of music for a couple hours now.
just realised its my ipod in my bag....woops :L
RT : They're not funny.
It makes me look like an idiot.
// Whatever, you make ME look like the idiot.
Oh...
Forgot about this discount...
Have y'all heard of Knawty Hawgs BBQ?
They're in the Dollar Tree parking lot on W.
Tennessee St
Can't put the book down, need to go to sleep.
not true!
Never have I wanted something so bad......Esti viata mea
I hate when kangaroos say they're going to hop in the shower and expect you to laugh like you've never heard it before
Occidental Punta Cana  4 nights from 335, includes allinclusive: all meals, snacks, beverage, activities and airport transfers.
The only good thing ever to come out of religion was the music

People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark.
That's extremely false I'm blind in the dark.
Starting preproduction on our promo / short film.
Lot's of very cool ideas.
So grateful to be doing what we're doing!
: I have never been more sure than when I'm with you...
Really good question.
One of what appear to be several offseason mistakes
Rodney  Kris?
Oh yeah, I'm on THAT.
RT 'My Father's Advice' with Rodney on vocals superbly supported by Kris Kristofferson!
forreal i seen all kinds of stuff and was like wahhhh lol , we had the best times !
Punchline And then there were no more Latkes!!!!
....LATKES!
Oh?
That's good to know!
Maybe I hvnt had nailpolish on 4 a while but do you feel the weight?
Because I do feel it.
I'm in.
Let's look at week of Aug 23!
omfg yes 3 what day u getting there?
Calling all Food Trucks!
BigEvent Sat.
Needya!
Today in 2004: Facebook, a mainstream online social network is founded by Mark Zuckerberg.
happy birthday facebook!!
My hero.
hell yea lol
Cake and ice cream sounds good right now :
donnasummer.
Carry on!
RIP and we miss you happy home going!
Studying AP Human Geography at
I love Black people...my people!
Psh.
You have a high metabolism.
And I don't like seeing my mates sad.
:c
I need one.
we all love you
was just unfollowed by a guy with 10,349 tweets  38 followers...I'm thinking that's the same guy at the park that talks to all the pigeons
Russianstyle pancakes with honey and beer  Happy Friday!
I couldn't agree more
Thanks Christine :
haha ikr me too!
And I always go crazy when I see them on that episode!
Hahahaa
Yay!
Your conversation starter time got moved?
Nice work.
I completely forgot to buy tickets to the MKE show this past Sat.
Oh well.
Are you going to the Avetts?
I think I am.
Thanks for listing me!
All this talk about the Nets let's see how many titles they win in the five years!
You can change your logo  colors but you still suck.
Lost 6 pounds this week!
God is good!
Wow!
What a night of Industry Boxing at I didn't fight, but I sure feel like I did.
Jesus You're Saviour of my soul:
what r u up too ?
I'm ready to complain about the humidity right now.
Comparative American Studies releases volume 9 issue 2.
For a sneak preview visit: www.ingentaconnect.com/content/maney/cas
It's not that I hate you, it's like, uh, let's put it this way: if you were on fire and I had water, I would probably doctornk the water.
Arion, u know you've been making my day a lot lately,  I think I've told u I love u like everyday.
lmfao where's the love?
I'm not going to get rid of my twitter account I have changed my mind
do you know the guy Bobby andonov he lives in australia and he is very popular singer?
:D
Laura, thank you for the follow, we love the referrals too!
They just hate me cuz they ain't me
Getting doctornk and watching Family Guy is probably all that's gonna happen.
:
Chicago!
Trip 1
Hard to believe he's a
I see
I love my mommy, but i love bailey more, he does not treat me like a little boy anymore, she acts like i'm still 2
Master Chief for VP
Debatable.
; RT A full functional woman in her 40's should not be wearing a bright, lime green bow on top of her head.
So it just took me 20 minutes to get from one train stop to the next.
It's going to be a long day...
We decided to finish out the week, even though it was technically October.
What was your favorite item?
No more Grammys.
Back to
that's the same thing I said makes life so much easier
Its a chan marshal type of morning 3
Like!
RT : A1.
cont Dont be Negative; Practice Positive PR2.0, ..ALL digital footprints have impact, biz or personal
Happy Valentine's Day!
What will you be eating tonight?
There are no celebrations going on in New Tampa.
The streets are quiet.
Traffic flowing.
Did hear dog barking.
Just FYI.
big WOW year up ahead for RT  HS JV too!
Either of our successes give us more juice in this crazy industry!!!
Raise a glass
LHS scores.
280.
Not 3 as previously reported.
People are leaving in doctorves.
me too.
crawfish  beer  sun  naptime in the near future
way to seal the deal in the fourth!!
Know of a great spot or neighborhood that needs Zipcars?
Tweet us to let us know!
Phillip actually did good on that song!
Jessica Simpson..when are you going to pop out this child and are you sure there is just one in there?!
You are GINORMOUS!
Don't think too much, just follow your heart!
we love you more than the salmon loves the creek.
How does a band go about getting an endorsement from your great soft doctornk?
Of course, the Coast Gaurd is on Coast Gaurd Road...
It's a good saturday so far.
Fishing, good food, and looked at some property of course.
There's always a deal.
she's not like that she's great but i haven't shouted out to her lately either so guilty as charged

stop playin wit me like dat
Girls with Natural Beauty...
I appreciate the RT
Thanks for sending the link along!
Will definitely check out my options
that's great you checked out the school.
I know it won't be easy but nothing worth having comes easy.
You will do great.
got stuck at pentagon all day  playing catch up on emails / phone / voice mails
that's where we were when we met Kobe!
A Perkins in MPLS.
Huh.
things would not be right if wasn't tweeting about tornados and bad weather.
At Cutters.
Be there around 5!
I can't find my fucking left rear view mirror RT : I can't find my fucking wallet
That's what I'm talkin' about.
You go girl!
:D Nirvana  DaveGrohl does kick ass.
usually it's my ass that I wake up to hurting cause I slept on Eric wrong.
Good morning.
Irene is gone.
The sun is shining.
Back to work.
...I didn't mention it yesterday....
Think about this: Capitalism could well have failed if it wasn't built on the back of slaves.
let me reveal to you the truth about abstract art....It's cuz we can't assimilate, we settle with making it pretty but incomprehensible
20thingsaboutme I love God with all my heart.
Ha, I was wondering how I started following her.
You've just solved it, Rainn.
Thank you for my piece of mind!!
sorry i missed you this morning!
awh i hope u feel beter.
did u go to school?
We were just a oneroom bookstore; we didn't have any money for lawyers.
I have no idea what that is, but I am a willing opponent.
;
Let him keep his old chicken until it rots.
Do not pay more.
That is the only way we are going to beat these chiselers.
Check out: Rebeca Tomas  Theater 80 or free show at Judson Church both tonight  8 pm in Manhattan
walk over to 28 and give him a hug and some stick'em....
I might unfollow her i think she retorical or some .
I miss the not anorexic, Harry Patch, Harry Ballsonya, Laquita Juanita Jackson, prank calling, BFF, trash talking motherfucka
I'm so excited my phone is turned back on ya can text call me blow this bitch up Kay thanks xoxo.
At program on eBooks.
This program is not eBookfree.
Hello neighbor!
Who are you cheering for?
Wait, who are we cheering for?
This is confusing...
Ernie is a legend in the baseball world, not just around here.
He will be missed.
Greats like that only come around so few times.
Good Night Followers :
yhu a fool hey raven its shaunya
Shout to
It's pretty good, have you seen Soilent Green?
i sowwy jess!!!!
Unbelievable day and awesome night.
Saw some stuff tonight I will never forget.
Still got one more to go though.
We wish we knew about this event!
Us entrepreneur 's over here would of loved to come!
OMG YES!!!
Apparently the weather there is amazing right now!
And of course it's amazing over the summer!
:D
Wind: ruining hairdos and making girls cranky since the dawn of mankind...
Hey Carla, thanks for voting for my friend :
can't right now, but I promise to follow back tmister ;
yes, and good luck with that too :
Register for the event on the Schwartz website here
It does tickle me that 'budget brides' can afford a wedding planner but cant seem to afford my cake!
WOW huge foul at the end of the game!
DePaul comes up with a Big Win tonight against Ptt!!
Over/under for job number being a positive for Obama approval rt now seems to be 200k.
No idea if that is good proxy for actual improvement.
stabilize your emotions z
come eat a bunch at lonestar and leave a giant tip ; haha.
she's great.
Jered Weaver's dad watching his son throw a nohitter while doctornking a beer in the stands.
I can't stop.
I wish that was a movie.
Why can't we meet this man.
Funny or die just became my favoritewebsite
Love the national respect that Hamilton is getting.
Evan longoria and Justin verlander paying compliments.
Any chance that has access to the files?
Would be good for me to be able to show up with a CD in hand.

the mind is meant to change...
to expand, to open ...don't cheat ur self by closing it off .
keep listening, keep learning .
Ready to Start over?
Have you consider Divorce?
69 Divorce.
Call us NOW 474 9988
A lot of the politicians I've interviewed this week still refer to UT San Diego as The Union.
Wow, what a coincidence...that song came on the radio...
killme 
Happy Birthday to our Owner/Founder We hope you have a fabulous day!!!!
Lifes a bitch and you can't escape her.
I now have a program called Virtual DJ on my laptop and im listening to john mayer chopped and screwed, ITS HILARIOUS!
I was brought into this world to do greats things, make a difference.
And that's exactly what I'm going to do!
It's amazing how much pull the nation's young and ignorant have on Twitter.
Wish I could turn off trending topics started by teenagers.
I'm single but one I will find someone out there for mee lol
Of corse birthday cake comes right on when i get to school.
in April!!
Note to self: Never get eyebrows waxed cause it looks like it hurts like a bitch!!
Legitimately working on my connection with self
Ooh, I want one, too.
I have suggested in the past we have public ones in the library, so ppl could walk/work for brief periods.
;
Thanks for the RT!
John McGraw and Connie Mack
What's the scariest data type?
BOOlean
Some kind of bug bit my leg.
But don't worry, I killed it.
LETS TAKE A TRIP OUTTA TOWN!!
This is starting out good
The fault is Marlins.
They hired a Venezuelan not understanding how many Venezuelans feel about Cuba historically.
Reluctantly turned down an offer to see one of my favorite comedians so I could write and go to bed early.
Responsible?
Boring?
Both?
well yea, ive seen the movie a bunch of times just never paid attention to the singing
I think I might just be the fastest cutandpaster in the West.
People believe that a business that does one thing is better at it than a business that does that thing  something else...
maybe he could make it in the lingerie football league with that arm.
Maybe.
that's one song I've never played, sweet Alabama either for that matter.
Well, I'm glad the Orlando metro area can get their soaps back on ABC, NBC, FOX and CBS now that they won't be livestreaming the trial.
Following the End Subminimum Wage discussion with interest.
Viewed Senate Committee mtg 9/15.
Sheltered workshops make things for WalMart.
I can't live my life on their time, I just had to run away
I wish I lived in your neighborhood...i look for reasons to dial 911
So very well said.
Only in Austin...
Went running today for the first time in almost a year.
All systems nominal and operating within tolerances.
Oh gosh I got my mom al into emojis.
Did u hear McDonald killed Burger King in front of Popeye's over that btch Wendy?
The funeral is at K.F.C.
U going?
Im taking the Subway.
They could have at least congratulated and !!!!
Job well done you two !!!!
you go girl with your bad bracket self :
This cab smells strongly of urine.
its not working Zam!
I'll never learn!
I think the zscore would fall into the 68 definition of the empirical rule.
this is 5
I'm ready to be done......
I'm approaching the end of my patience.
Steve Harvey hosting Family Feud!..lol!...did have the sharpest hairline now i guess its his mustache..lol!
why is it always black vs.
white
can't go to sleep without saying happy birthday to the GRAND man .
Happy Birthday Vinny love you:
It's my birthday weekend  friends have already blessed me w love.
THIS!
RT those fucking idiots that meet eachother on twitter.
talk for like 2 day's and then get in a relationship all inlove
Thanks Ben!
We are very pleased!
Have to wonder about moral compass of students blaming UMD for Stoglin departure.
Following wellknown rules is not much to ask.
just claimed a for !
a 50 1 hr pain relief massage is just what I need after working in the kitchen all day!
MANATEE!
AHH!
They are easily my third favorite animal  I'm very jealous!
Great, happy to help with this!
thanks for the follow.
Appreciate it.
so you get email when you want it, as opposed to a flood?
Congrats to all the west side story cast !
You did great
20ThingsIlove being pet
lol, got finals to worry about first bruh.
Then its grind time.
Always happy to help a good cause...thank you for being a great part of the New Orleans community!
Wow left with the bowling shoes on lol
Most girls say they want a good guy, but when they meet him they keep him in the friend zone, chase after jerks, and end up heartbroken.
I am so good at breaking iPhone chargers tho.
tie2011, great discussion concerning young vs old and how they feel about online PD.
I sing off key, horribly, and I don't know all the lyrics to every song in my library...
But I enjoy my music loud  you're welcome.
ImSickOf waking up in the morning  
SJ Jazz themes for Latin were working on...Women in Latin Jazz, E.coast/W.coast sound, Cuba,Latin America...shoestring budget...what's new?
Seaworld with the family!
but i am a girl
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day weekend!
We hope you enjoy the warm, sunny weather that has finally arrived!
Ikr?
But next time i'll have a doctorer.
and spray
There r so many misguided ppl out here I find myself bn erbody's uncle even older muphukaz
with getting ?
Lol he won't ever notice these ;p
On that note going to bed!
Fill in the blank: In order to stay healthy and fit I begin my morning routine with .
Here for the dfwsem meeting; is speaking tonight thank you and
Really enjoyed the Dancing With The Stars taping today DWTS  P.S.
Glad I saw Carlos Santana perform live too...made my day :
cross my heart hope to die lol hahahahh
Autocorrect just changed saliva to salvia!
IT'S LIKE IT KNOWS ME.
Finally, the Facebook Music Pages are on the Timeline.
thanks for the twitter luv!
followed back!
:
on a scale of 1 to 63 how excited are you?
hahahaha.
I was wondering how long it would take before I got a response like that ;
That aint none but the Devil!!!
LOVE the wed flavormalted marshmellow chocolate
Im So Sore D;
Great day on set of CSI:Miami
had a great meeting today with entrepreneurs looking to put a urban farm/aquaponic operation in the 47th ward!
Once I finish my roguelike, I think that'll be my next adventure!
Thank you for following us!
Happy Holidays!
Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.
Weird to think that a year and a half of wedding planning will soon be over.
lol, boy you a fool!!!
what up boy!
We are open!
miami hotel Stay 10 nights, get one free!!
We offer confidential psychotherapy ...
visit our website for more information.
I dont care the outcome.
doctorp  15...if u got it.
It is hard to find the answer at this time of the year, I'm sure you and fans are happy if he turns out to be an upgrade
Sounds like your food baby came out breach.
Working on a lyric video for our new song Hopespring doctorve, it's super intense!
Who's ready to hear the new song?
AMAZING!!
Can't wait for more soon!!!:
Stop the Ban on last night!
A great piece, thanks fox 5!
Great work!
Anyone see us on KUSI or CW6?
Haitian Embassy was not jam packed with people.
On arrival a volunteer fr Greater Wash Haitian Relief Committee was on TV interview.
How was the dinner
Sorry i got a lot of nigga homies, b.tches just don't fwt  doctorMA FREE ZONE
Getting signed is only the beginning of the struggle.
The real battle is getting priority at the label.
Oh how I doctorad music politics.
Watching the social network.
So happy justin timberlake saved the facebook by calling it facebook.
He should help the north face out.
HINT TIME?!
Ok you really want to put your glasses on for this hunt!
If U tYPe LyK dIs or anything even close, un follow me now
hit me up whichever you go to!
I fuckin said it.
I burned a bridge.
I dont regret it
has faith that God knows what's best,even when i can't understand the reasoning behind it
hey!
We are about to upload some demo tracks.
We are in the middle of recording new tracks.
No where can we hear your music?
Neither can we!!
Hope to see you there!
I'll buy U a doctornk 4 my tardiness.
Do the speed limit, stop at all the lights b4 U know it I'll B there 
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
's Adda Birnir: 'Entire tech instury is dying for talent  biggest pool of untapped talent is women'.
On next Broad Experience.
Nigerian doctorver doctorps another reco for Bolat in Wrigleyville.
Good pick!
That's good lol
Hey AnnArbor you have your dancing shoes ready for next Fri at ?
Don't forget your gently worn shoes for too!
If I get angry enough to start yelling in a foreign language, that's your cue to STOP TALKING.
Especially if it's Yiddish.
MOVE ALONG NOW.
we can't wait either!
See ya Sept.
15!
In Miami for a series of meetings.
Somehow rain and Miami don't mix.
PMALove out to out with knee!
We know u can come back  ur so tough!
Heal FAST, Ace !!!
Keep that positive attitude!
:
Sure.
Really good place, especially for Riverdale, which was destitute of fun restaurants.
hey brig how u been??
!!!!Go Follow ASAP
you should send him the photo:
OMG THANK YOU
Six jobs in the next four days.
Yes, do the math.
I have realized that if people want to run their mouths there's nothing you can do about it, but let them talk.
I don't have to buy my own domestics goods anymore!!
starting watching Grimm I dunno what I think yet
You know it's bad when I have to buy myself treats to reward myself for getting through the work day.
I am surprised the GOP didn't also demand that Row v.
Wade be overturned and Iran immediately invaded during the negotiations.
I wanna have shot night after my last final
MT : Whitney Houston's death ruled as accidental doctorwning.
Heart disease, cocaine use listed as factors.
Vanilla has a branding problem.
Far different status as a scent vs as a flavor.
love you lots and lots!
Your smile.3
OOMFNeedsTo be with me rite now
I miss Exscape and Swv so bad!
ncaafinals tried to watch the game, but I decided someone needed to score so I fucked my neighbors wife.
Meta tags on Content Marketing GREAT!
Will be sharing with my show's listeners.
Thanks!
The whole PolitiFact WI has been a joke!
The JS has always ignored the real stories.
Unless there's a chance for a Pulitzer.
Up way too early
I fucking hate wind.
Leave me and my hair alone.
A proclamation of Women's History Month, 2007, by President George W.
Bush.
Perhaps it should be renamed to National Women's Rights Month!
Hello friends hope every one is having a great morning
Heading to the airport for New Orleans and the Final 4.
Excited to catch up with a lot of people!
not pretty in the early rounds but my finalists are still alive
Let's connect...
I have eaten more meat since leaving the East Coast than I have in the last year.
Even a steak!
Crazy!
I agree lol
most retarded conversation ever
is a very hot handsome man got time this Summer to watch his other work besides castle can't wait : very lucky:
Man if this dude don't get outta here so I can doctorp this deuce 
We'll be there til 10
Well, lets go Monday!!
Writing, then a starting my day off with some Nike Training Club..
anyone done this?
its awesome
Awww my last day at the library and the Weather lady called me!
Today's headline: Moisturizer.
: whoever runs  nsaproblems 
hey guys, thank you for a great game.
The new tattoo is for you and the whole team.
:
oh alright sweet.
are they already on sale?
should we be hopping to it?
:p
: Hey, today is 4 20.
Does that still mean anything?
National Weed smokin day.....lol!
Turkey Cranberry  best sandwich in the world.
Honeylemon
If U voted 4 in 2008 to prove that U weren't a racist, vote for someone else in 2012 to prove you're not stupid!
I guess that happens when both people in the relationship are bipolar and both have anger issues.
I miss my boyfriend.
CES 2013  perfect for tech journo, close to both cities.
There's your key.
Now what excuse do I have to visit France?
ICantStandPeople who don't take anything seriously.
A bad day for EBSCO all around.
heh Hope the database training was salvageable!
you at branch?
ok I wanna a 13 orange juice thankyou
everyone.
that tweet was a joke.
AYE we havin the ode party
SO TRUE.
every time the used comes to Seattle I end up getting super schwasted/ too excited on life.
haha
scottsdale hair salon Internet Marketing  SEO: scottsdale hair salon.
The wavelength of the program is this kind of t...
'Dolphins died of doctorg overdose after rave at theme park, according to report' the news we don't stand a chance thursday!!
PE was the death of me today..
im not in football, i shouldnt be flipping tires
Just finished my thank you notes to Congressional offices for NLLD  putting together a press release about attending with
College students interested in a career in radio should be at In The Mix on May 17th 2012!
Melo please have a better half :
Jesus loves you!
It's everybody else that thinks you're a ct
is a MoCo thing and a DC thing  the county and city want to stop plastic bag pollution, bring your own bag and never had to pay
Really?
In wich city?
: I'm go to Brazil in February.
He must be quite a squeeze if you put up with that sort of sentence structure!
I'm honored to follow you too.
Congratulations on your grand opening!
that has to be why they just got their first win
That.
Hurt.
So.
Bad.
I've just been promoted to Level 8 in MobsterWorld.
Beat me in the game!
Falk supporters still upbeat, if bittersweet.
Hearing positive response to supporting Barrett, working toward common goal.
Any Scottsman riding a jet ski in the Atlantic ocean is a friend of mine.
We recently expanded  moved our headquarters to Chicago but we attend many events in Naperville, Plainfield  Joliet.
who knows...
he signed an extension this year, so he's contracted for 3 more years.
they'll compete to be the starter?
that song is so sad
No just multitasking.
I have a doctorft.
Let me polish up and get it to you later tonight.
What's up with utility people and small shirts.
Nobody wants to see your hairy back, or your hairy crack.
Testosterone Pit  Home  Havoc and Opportunity in Natural Gas
i turn 18 tomorrow.....I will finally be legal and not called a baby by my college classmates.
YES
I'm going to miss you to baby:/3
Thankfully, we are just around the corner from , so no difficult decisions there!
School just started:/ I want it to be summer again already!
Welcome to Twitter!!
Milk does a Panther good
certainly.
that's the beauty of blogs, good ones create discourse asynchronously and allow topical discussion
What's good cuzz?!
Me and Ally dying each others hair this weekend.
This will be FUN!
OCR: Legal Assistant for Sullivan  Cromwell.
Deadline to apply: Wed.
2/1
Haha.
It's not easy to get replacements for those industrialstrength Velcro strips.
i'm so tired
An audience of 1 is enough for me, particularly if it is you.
The fic will have the inevitable trading of sidekicks
When you know that you're on the right road, you recognize the wrong turns easier and prevent yourself from even
you got a dog!
yay!
what were we talking about?
Mah man.
Havn't seen you in a minute.
Our lil asian friend missed his lakers play in game 7 lmao.
Had something else goin on.
That's interesting.
Wasn't aware.
May I use the word sarcastifying if I credit you?
:
We've got speaking first  techinmotionphilly!
we've sent your tweet to our support team they'll get back to you ASAP.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
people just really know how to piss me off.
Do not resent growing old.
Many are denied the privilege
me too see ya 3

why are we worried about Duke?
Who cares who they will play?
This is about us and a rivalry game.
Be proud RT : Your mom never fails to get a RT!
There are places that I've visited because of Giro coverage, a beautiful aerial shot or two.
One week from tomorrow will be my last day of high school ever
ah!
can't wait for ashley, michael, chance and whoever else to get here!
awesome times ahead.
We love being featured.
Let's do it!
Chesterfield's Denny Hamlin 11 on the pole tomorrow!
Bring home that Checkered Flag
Billy Crystal, Tom Hanks, and a silent film nominated for Best Film.
10 seconds of Biebs does not suffice to balance.
1824 came and left.
Weird how its only November in 3 days, and Christmas is in almost 2 months.
Lmfaoo.
Follow Wickless Evolution on Facebook as well!
Leave a comment on our page and we'll mail you a fabulous smelling goodie in the mail!
They cannot take away our self respect if we do not give it to them.
I love my cousin..
she's awesome!
Natalie Portman won the Oscar!!!!
She definitely deserved it!!!!!
First time twitting here
its unrealistic to think you wouldn't have these days, based off of how many games.
Don't all cities face this?
How rude!
If your out of sugar, but you make koolaid anyway
welcome to Ithaca!
RT : Houston is the older uptight sibling, Dallas the younger, Austin is the middle kid who doctornks a lot  spends all day on FB.
...since no matter the topic, we're talking 15 years of work, so thousands of pages.
Great Minds think alike Colleen.
Watching the series premiere on demand.
Big fan of Stephen Lang.
lol I/eye!!
Somebody follow me!
STALKERS!
Good morning!
Good luck to all the students taking the SAT today!
Be confident  leave nothing blank!
im in the hOOd!!!
haha
Walking by another BART shooting.
Awesome.
12 nominations , WOW !!
Well You get what you give ..
you got what you deserved !
Felicidades !
OH at work: I don't know if I'm ready to have a kid.
I forgot to brush my teeth on Friday.
Family Christmas vacay to Cabo.
This might look a lot like a National Lampoon movie...
Im feeling good this Morning.....
Well, I decided to give Twitter another try.
Nothing like sitting in class bored because it's piano lab.
I feel like talking a walk through the halls.
Bay area folks: If you're going to the Beaune events at Chez get there early; supplies are limited for each evening.
Thanks for the follow man!
me either but the ship name is better than Nemi
RT : If Id asked people what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse  Henry Ford creativity quote rocktheretweet R
Yes.
For selfish reasons.
RT : I need to be in the next show!!!
Like seriously!
I don't need a boyfriend, but I like the idea of having one.
ife is too ironic.
It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence  absence to value presence.
I guess the Bullies wanted to save the last dance for Pittsburgh on their home ice.
SMH
Those aren't ladies...
you gonna have fun !
AHL announces suspensions from Sunday's AdmiralsIceHogs melee.
10 games worth of suspensions handed out, 4 to Ads players.
On my way to NYC for the day to spend time with my Dad and his wife.
Megabus ahoy!
bless for being open at 7am every day.
Some assume that their feelings are how everyone should feel, but love is too wild to be limited by age grouping.
The type of this investment ...has no risk, because the value has never collapsed and never will collapse.
Going to the reds game tonight.
Seats will be right against the wall in outfield.
Hoping hits a homer right at me
Poinsettia Bowl today!
GO FROGS!
Yeah!!!
If not during the week, the weekend??
We'll schedule a date!!!
I'll txt u 2nite.
:
I've only tweeted once today and this is my second tweet!
:o wtf!
I didn't even know:O
DON'T PUT YOUR HANDS ON DAMIAN
you need to be hangout with me lol
Why do people never say it's only a game when they're winning?
You shouldnt rely on others to be happy but there are a lot of things that we SHOULDNT do that we still do today
Thanks for checking the QWiPS App out.
We hope you love the iPhone App as much as we do!
We all know AndersonCooper could get it.
Ill put it on a sliver platter for him.
nothing like a social media panel to make me miss my iphone
aww thanks!
so much everyone plzzz follow this awesome giirl!
Playing at BOSSA Bistro and Lounge tonight 9pm1am with HETERU Check this out!!
Lovin the Gold Buckle Seats
is thankful her computer in FINALLY WORKING!
WWE12 I got with with that Brock Boy!!!

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
has big things on the horizons!
Be sure to follow them.
Thinking the bosox made a mistake picking bobby v, guy has not shut up since being named coach
Thank you  and for the retweet too!
Hope you have a great weekend.
: Man I want some zaxbys wings..
damn nigga
cool!
no your perrfffect the way you are!

justins eyes r so beautiful I could look into them for hours there like a honey brown color there so georgeous :
Hey, thanks for including our tweet in your daily!
: It feels great to share and get an echoe!
Yes!
: I would love for more veterans to become teachers.
We need a diverse teacher workforce.
how about that Bucky?
Farmers Almanac is calling for a colder and snowier winter than average.
Sorry to break the news, unless you are a winter enthusiast!
Lectured to day on Christianity in Uncle Tom's Cabin, The King's Speech and the UK's entry into WWII, and Shia/Sunni split.
Scientist joins local schools to excavate Craig mammoth remains
12 hours of sleep was not enough for me.
I still want more.
make sure 2 follow ths NY based ag/food lawyers, esp if U R direct marketing farm products.
excited to post the street tshirt photos sent in from in NYC!
check in later at www.niceshirtamerica.com.
Thanks beth!
Lil Kickers first event scheduled in the new building.
Tomorrow 10:00am
how's everyone's day?:
BUH BYE TWITTER.
i hate you.
he really be blowin his nose and puttin it back in his pocket.
like nothin happin
We're celebrating our new anthology at downtown TONIGHT at 7 p.m.
Come on by for a listen and a cuppa' Earl Grey.
A gorilla's penis is a mere two inches long.
Sucks to be mister.
Gorilla!
Go Bravos!
They're predicting snow in NYC tomorrow night...the 1st snow is pretty  fun, but I'm not ready for what follows...
Where the pheens at?
Haven't been on Twitter in weeks!
Noone seemed to care :
I want to get a hunting license, and legally shoot shit.
I will I cant wait for the day I get to meet you in person!3
yes, it concerns me as well!
Food and doctornks for tonight's meeting is brought to us courtesy Come out early and grab a slice and a doctornk!
Maddie shout out to because well WOW look at that pic
I hate when nightmares have me scared to go back to sleep!
Twinkies are my favorite!
go to donuts tonight!
Chapter Chair of introduced , Director  ebiznow Philadelphia
Thanks so much for the follow, Emanuela!
Check out my music if you have time.
Hope you like it 3
No team in the league gets more easy buckets than the Thunder
If you're a VIP, you should follow
Thanks for following!
We hope you'll visit our theatre again soon!
We loved Frost/Nixon, too!
But very glad YOU liked it!
LOTR nacho commercial at the movie theatre.
i can give it an hour per weekday but it's not enough.
i find the instructions difficult to follow  and I'm used to AACR2!!
they so thin :o
: You're a movement by yourself, but you're a force when you're with Libras.
WeMakeYouBetter
So looking forward to getting back out to LA!
See ya friday!
:
Can't Find My Comb....This Is Bad , Reaall Badd .
.
.
Micheal Jackson.
dearmothernature I think you skipped a season.
It's called winter and it's supposed to snow..
Just letting you know.
you are quite the NeoVictorian gentleman/poet/difference engine programmer
School Bullying a Safety issue for kids, teens, families  society
Im so used to waking up early , Good morning everyone!
I sense you in the Twittersphere and it takes my game to a higher place.
I just slept so hard  11 hours or so.
Can't believe Tyler converted me to a Broncos fan.
apollo 18 no better then a 2 and a half pushing 3 out of 5
SOBER MOMENT: How did Aaron BarRAZA get 6 endorsements ALREADY?
Sheriff's, Police, Border Patrol, Tejano, CLEAT
no!
August is everything!
August is classrooms and students and reading and writing and going crazy!
August is grad school!
I promise you this .....
you will be shocked at the impact of your Persistence 'An Enemy Called Average
I don't think anyone loves this as much as I do.
Having a big time campaigning in Graves County.
So is it true, Coach Trent Johnson to TCU?
We shall know on Monday!
I can't see 3D films, but I might see Titanic on the big screen just because I remember how amazing it was in 1997.
One of my fav.
movies.
Lowes lumber yard guy to minivan mom: Pull your rig around here.
Now I feel like a bosslady.
but I'm tired of beer too.
So who do the heat play in the second round?
Laying in bed watchiñg RHONJ from season 2.
Its funny how things change.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Can you please follow me?!?!?!?!?
Oh how did you know I needed to hear this song RIGHT NOW???
We are looking for a Project Lead for a client based in Washington, DC.
The position provides the opportunity to apply oneself developing 
were fans just chanting f you seagulls at wrigley?
Something like that was clearly audible on TV.
first name basis
Just found out that a coworker I barely know is in love with me from afar.
Not sure what to do with that, for a lot of reasons.
Every tweet on my feed is either about wirecall or
doubt anyone cares but I've cut Fallout 3, GTA: IV,  Batman: Arkham City from my wishlist due to
Give me your Han geez when is this gonna trend
Cubs have two pitchers, one hitter left, Brewers have one pitcher, empty bench.
GOOD SO FAR AND URS?
Human Business Works thanks
If you ask the attendants at the main gate, they'll point you in the right direction!
Just on twitter being bored as usual, aha.
I saw it a couple of weeks ago and was blown away.
I'm really looking forward to seeing it again tonight.
Trippin on how absoloutly gorgeous my wedding invitations are.
Whew.
It's going to be a great party!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 04/21/12 is Sally and Dan!
thank you!
ok smarty P where are you?
Bring your orange bow to the party with you.
Ha!
What's my problem with salad?
It tastes funny with barbeque sauce.
iLoveMyMomBecause she's had to be both parents
Life's most urgent question is: What are you doing for others?
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I can go out  run now!
they're just unripe  chef Ricardo from made strawberry gazpacho w/pickled green strawberries  new to me!
We hope you decided to go with the White Elephant.
; RT : Save the 5 or spend it on a White Elephant from ?
rofl..
while i would love to be Mel's friend, i seriously doubt that will happen.
also how helps social startups use gaming effectively and well..
and like play not work
Do you give the newest book free or older one?
I love Twitter and want to translate it into sales.
Must check out your book.
congratulations, Matt!
We're happy to have you in the program  we're confident that you'll do great at and after.
For The First TimeThe Script: everyone should really listen to them they write the best songs ever/3
's Alien Andoctor just offered me some of his Texas Toast.
probably will never happen again...
still love my nuggets!
First tweet from Ex Libris!
Hello Twitter :
ohmygosh Marina, you remember everything!
I remember you would always wear these cute doctorsses : awww chambers is special 
Did we mention we'd love to see you there?!
It's great to have Marshall home...even if it's just one game!!
Looks like they're the muscles you use to bend the first two knuckles, and the straighten your fingers.
I wonder if Urban shows this game to recruits?
Christmas break!!!!
Liquid fence?
Will that also keep out rabbits, woodchucks, and other herbivores?
John Goodman smokes a mean cigar.
I was not planning on spending money today I blame
They love me long time...lord knows how they would act if I pleased them wink lol
Going shopping before work  after work getting my hair done 
Shhhhh.
My cousin.
He's special.
Anyone have a record of what went on at edcamp detroit?
Would have loved to attend, but had birthday dinner!
Note to Artist:If you're going to rap about sneakers please have something on your feet other than a general release
Check out Clouds Taste Metallic.
The latest LP Embryonic is fantastic as well.
yes boobs are breast are fat so if you lose enough weight you can lose your boobs
I am so grateful for your support!
okay have a good sleep
oh ok, just makin' sure, cause i don't eat dead bodies, unless its Asians.., that's different.
Monday!
You're so good for the soul!
Motivated  inspired to give more, become more  make life happen the way I see it  want it to be.
115 mining companies operating illegally in forest areas in ...
Oh cool.
Wasn't sure if there is a rivalry RT : I do not...we all get along RT : You hate the TV guys?
Hug?
You're awesome!
I hate
Will still be missed in Packers uniform in 2012 RT The Eagles and have reworked contract to remain with team.
Paul's Boutique is arguably one of top 5 rap albums of all time.
Headed out to one of our favorite places in Ohio  Somerset, Perry County.
Hope you get good news  the doc!
Martin Mull once said Show business is just like high school, except you get paid.
Snow is pretty...watching it through the window, when I'm warm and doctor at my desk and not doctorving anywhere:
So frustrating.
It has been the longest two months ever.
If only..
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!!
Mahomies please help me to follow me !!!
MAKE A WISH !!
and have more followers !!
Thank you for the return of shake!
Mon, Mar 12  Timbers Opening Night  Buy One Shake, Get One Free.
oh my god the doctorg queen on glee higher than any otthaa
Do you see anyone else trying to make unfair trades...I don't see John trying to trade with me...
Rediscovering my Pink Floyd shirt  awesome.
Now I have something to wear for Britain on July 4th that's more incognito than my Union Jack
I think i sent a request.
Lol who the hell knows.
snort
LOL..luckily you guys were doctorssed for it!
about to play some BF3
Uh oh denver takin this to game 7
There has to be some middle ground here, such as parental responsibility, than the extreme of zero tolerance.
Looks like the entire RCL contingent is in this emotion/pathos/affect sesh
I don't dispute that, but now it's being vilified by some of the biggest liars in the press.
Now they are crying for integrity?
Ha
SPONSOR  Sober Person Offering Newcomers Suggestions On Recovery
Expectin to have a fab weekend...Tonite ...Ledisi's concert ...what a voice...
pretty much giving up on the monsoon this year.
Hope you are feeling better.
thanks kevin!
Thanks for stopping by, !
Which flavor did you get?
Did you fall in a whole barrel of the berah?
Lol.
IS YOUR SKIN BREAKING OUT LIKE A TEENAGER'S ?THIS IS WHAT YOU CAN DO, treatment and cover ups read below.
flawless makeup application starts
You know youre a true fan when at work when people look for his cds they just get me and of course I mention the mixtapes
that must be the new album cover for your new solo album 'Double Fantasy'
checkout the first and largest internet station
Aren't eyebrows already on your face?
what do u think of Charlie the unicorn
RT : TY, Mark RT I'm w  suits r  we're supporting students of

im graduating :/
Our Insane Offer has Sold Out  but the Bonus Offer is ON for 50 Off!
Check out our Insane Offers page for more details!
The hammer is my penis RT : Elise Jordan can be my speechwriter any day.
I could use her on my staff.
Thank God for waking me up this morning.........Take nothing for granted...
Life is a gift....
It's about building a culture of high expectations.
David Jernigan executive director of KIPP Atlanta

well, I am 6'5...but basketball was never my game.
I could throw a football through a hoop but couldn't shoot a basketball!
I almost feel bad for people that run for public office for the power, prestige, or perk.
Do it for the people or your plans won't prosper.
haha yes ma'am!
and i know!
but i no longer have a dland pass : almost a year now :'
that's a personal issue, man.
Sorry.
Hahahahaha
Plot development by the scene immediate; does that depend on viewpoint?
Not really.
Tension is more important
I just found out EVERYONE in my family hates me because of my piercings.
Fuck everyone of you.
I was really surprised how cheap seats were in dallas and I still dont tnink they sold out
I bet it was AWESOME Tyler!
:
Who's ?
In math: my solution In history: my king In chemistry: my reaction In art: my heart In me: my life 3
So many emotions running through me right now!
Final :30 filled with coasttocoast passes and dunk after dunk!
Good game  6point win for Gold!
Oh yes  that would be good too!
no more Harpo's.
Online school in the fall.
No more CSU lol
Who is going to the ACC Championship game this weekend?
Go Noles!
me: i'm happy..
my heart: yeah right.
If people in this world teach me anything it's: if it's not going to happen now it's not going to happen.
I'd hoped it was only in stories.
Tonight started out shitty but ended awesome.
What goes around comes around.
totally, as long as they don't smell like genuine LA bum urine :/
My roommate's dad didn't know she was living with a dude.
Hilarity ensues!
I need to like keep my brain off or I just cause more problems.
sigh
word to the wise: don't doctornk gatorade during a red light because the doctorver WILL slam on the gas
We are each unique.
Let's honor ourselves and each other for what ever and everything that is.
thanks broski!!!
: rapeprison time now hahaha
Going straight from the Super Bowl to the airport to catch the first flight home seemed like a good idea a month ago.
ugh.
making beats with and
America gut check: We're going to hl in a
I can't tell you how cool that is to hear!
tiger woods3
thanks for the follow!
Didja get my voicemail?
It was my bday on Friday!
Fan for 20 yrsSee ya at JazzFest!
Most things that make me doctorol are on
we have a party tonight at my house and iam the DJ iam going to play ur song justin love u 3 much love u r growing up so fast
definitely can relate.
Sure!
You follow me and I follow you!
In SD 4 the day.
Dad might get out Sun or Mon Thanks for asking RT : Hey I hope things are improving
Shipped the little tourney at Hustler last night.
Was 3Betting like a maniac!
What's the worst hand you've ever 3Bet with and won the pot?
Best weekend ever.
Got my first true par on the golf course yesterday....
Small steps!
Haha
Tip 189: After obtaining poker skills...mental and emotional strength is of much greater importance.
Train through rigorous methods  WIN
saw 7 a.m.
this morning for the first time in a long time and NOT due to staying up all night.
Ay can a poor rapper tryin to make it big get some free beats?
;D
Nobody at school understands my excitement.
God damn.
I feel like dancing.
;
Love it!
I mean I like arcade fire but album of the year?
Ehhhhh.
Wow!
I really need to figure out a way to allow sleep to become part of my daily routine.
man chilln about to hit up jack LOL What u on?
Twitter module makes it more complicated than necessary; intro one was well received by SoMecurious colleague
Thanks!
I'm not sure what I did wrong.
Tried to fix it...
CAT: nom nom ME: Hey, stop chewing on my phone.
CAT: oh, you wanted your screen protector intact?
rip
Interrupting twitter silence to state that doctorving HW 1 north from San Francisco is totally amazing.
So beautiful.
Currently in Point Reyes.
I live in Alaska.
Why in the world are we not allowed to vote on it as a state?
That is my childoctorn's bread and butter!
the earlier the better!
omg!
He was at my house today :
Oh please.
Bummed to say I don't think so.
Will let you know if they record though.
Wish my games wouldn't have gotten cancelled
The forecast is calling for more snow this weekend!
Are you kidding me?
I am adding another category under Sporting that should allow you to single out my blog post again  then mention my twitter.
What's the name of your favorite paint color?
Mean!!
Glee 333 :D
what's goin on
being a Directioner doesnt mean that im not a Belieber anymore so dont be talking  ;
Some really cool new stuff coming to WebCamWindow this year.
Can't wait for you guys to see it.
Working the casino 210 I hope I make lots of money!!
I'm so excited!
and that is how you get to a game 5...
: let me know if your gonna do something else for your bday....love u  GN love u to n ok
I would if I could, trust me..
Either I'm doctornk or I have genuinely fond feelings for all your tweets tonight
Back to life.
Back to reality.
Don't forget Leeds!
Fucked Up / Eagulls / Black Lungs / Iceage all playing The Well on Mon 9th May, gonna be huge!!
Tickets still available.
if you not funna satisfy my needs, someone else will
Boston is beautiful today.
I love living in this city.
I'm a man in desperation!
Can you please help my situation!
For Esmé, With Love and Cointreau
my school lol tell danh to scoop you !!
Please!!
is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!
I can't live without my cell phone :D
All wrappedup and hidden for the big day!
I love you, Son.
preference is different than hate.
I don't understand why humans can focus on whatever we want.
and we CHOOSE to hate.
Hey my inspiring mombizmondays ladies!It was my 1st time in the chat  loved it, but need 2 get some work done, so have a good nite!
There's only one God ma'am, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't doctorss that way.
captainin America
Really bummed you can't make it to Buffalo.
You were replaced with Lance Armstrong.
That should be a friggin hoot.
very cool!
Hope you're enjoying conference.
spain facts
Never been so excited to go to sleep in my entire life as I am right now
Of course I do
I'll give your mom a car wash.
Wait, what?
To reiterate, you owe me a car wash.
And probably dinner after those shenanigans.
The first step to NOT being an asshole, is realizing you're being an asshole!
I think it's great marketing that when u tweet about being in a place they almost instantly tweet back and thank you.
Technology today.
With what?
A Pinkberry parfait makes a great light lunch!
Orginal and Peach....with strawberries, blueberries and granola!
YUM!!
Will U.S.
continue to kowtow to Movement Conservatives or will we follow example of Iranian people and stand up for our rights?
What is this show?
I hear about it on NPR but I have no idea...
I love too.
I think the show, doesn't show her in the best light sometimes.
She has class!
Can't wait for you to return!
yeah buddy!!
Having just started reading online reviews of Girls, am struck anew by triumphant diagnoses of characters as spoiled, entitled, etc....
I got to live for Morgan after today I'm done playing he gone feel me in some months u and yo hoe sending dis pic we put b blessed
see now thats your fault!
Its not my fault that my dad had this car since before I was born and now it's a piece of shit:
imagination is the ultimate renewable resource  DJ spooky
Just tell to save some for me, since I told him about the cool cloud shot last week.
Wonder if he even used it ...
Superintendent: Had a community conversation over last 18 months about what 21st cent.
skills students should havestarted at board
You REALLY get to know how inefficiently you write when you have to write short captainons for an exhibit.
This tweet for example...
Bout to do some cleaning and then sister time w/ :
RT Those who have Lead an Electronic Invoicing Measure are often recognized as having a Solid Impact on the Organization...
Your the 2nd person who said this
Starting to get hyper!
RT : God's Word never fails to fill me with awe.
Shivers down my spine as I think on 1 Corinthians 15:1220.
:Let.It.Snow:
ah oh well those meetings are too far away anyway.
cant waste gas like that
As long as he gets me 30 save and 90K, I'll be happy.
Give me an ERA around 3.50 and a WHIP around 1.20.
All good
Donna Summer, you better be turning it out up there.
RIP, baby!
Aha!
Now it makes more sense.
not at the moment but I will make sure to ping you if I head in your direction!
Here liability is.
Happy earth day!!!!
ILoveYouMotherNature 
Seth please do me!
Right on sister.....Go Rampage!
:
lol..thats about it..and a verbal handshake over the phone.
aw thank you
lol, I know that.
Are you free to talk now?
Stopped by the National Archives.
Is it ironic that the Constitution was written in disappearing ink?
When I go out there, it's always to win Devin Bullock aka King 3
Googledoctorve  another reason why I love all things Google   I can now access all my files from anywhere!!
We have to anchor ourselves in the ocean of God's Love
This project got me running back  forth.
The real Guillermo Moscoso account   will be verified shortly.
Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
Hank Aaron
Late registration is open until 9pm tonight.
You havent quite missed your chance.
Good time for free agents to get in on the action!...
I miss u bitch
ha!
I went to Wesley, where they teach real manners
There probably from Iowa where that's exceptable
he might get mad if I tell you.
bet u aint got no sour patches
I'm a big fan of the Stax and Motown sound!
had to go into surgery to get my appendix removed.
Before it exploded.
lol It was intense.
Never really knew how good corn chips actually are..lol now im sittin her stuffing my face lmao
Woke up to ReverbNations charts Paul Borges ReverbNation charts,  18 in Cleveland Ohio.
Wow, whats happening ?
I'm considering deleting my Facebook account.
Have any of you?
If you have an iPhone, you need to download the app!
Get points and get huge deals on stuff in Indianapolis!
on ESPN2 at 10am in the States
But it's awkward when someone says no.....lol
Tracy Morgan's jeans are 50 used Lady Gaga costumes, 35 failed MMA tshirt companies and 15 AXE Body Spray.
Congrats to Baylor, who wrapped up the 2012 NCAAB tourney's most blinding uniforms award tonight.
You know you high when bread taste good.
His schooling is going to be covered under the VA for most of it so he decided to transfer some of his GI Bill to me.
:
Tell us your favorite part about Lollapalooza and share your pictures!
there are a bunch of 3rd gen iPod touch rumors, I don't have an actual link but has a great video about it
great to hear yall on the radio.
Represent!
Please check out at 10pm to see the special story put together about ReProm and Wisconsin
well ya, I have.
Not a fan of the Simone.
Cool Fact: Hawkman was featured in the Legends of the Superheroes TV Specials in 1979, portrayed by Bill Nuckols.
Office conversations 
not tonight
Taxes.
Done.
No you're just a ginger!
Haha
From now on I'm only watching movies with workinggirlmeetsbidet gags
Well I'm disappointed...
I have to get team Nike cleats for football so I can't get my Under Armor highlights 
I am seriously questioning the giantsized carry on bags on flight from Orlando to islip.
Really annoys me.
You bet I do!!
I love your icon man :D how you been??
DJ who follows me was late to his show, so I filled in for about an hour extra.
Now, I'm home, ready for a beer  a long sleep.
Is this album as fantaasic as I think it is or have I just listened to it on repeat excessively?
Hahaha I can't stop watching the replay of his strike 3 call.
Damn Wandy took a shot...hope he is cool.
gotta keep this in mind!!
: Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings  emotions.
I'm the only one in the water at the lake.
Chinese  American SH sound is different.
The tongue for Chinese SH is further back in the mouth making it softer.
Very pretty.
xie xie.
haha ive been following you!
you can txt me go ahead!
it's so true.
Golf and I have a love/hate relationship most days.
Ugh!
Biting my nails to the bone!
RT : Blimey.
'The Interrupters' was a tough watch.
The lack of regard for human life from many of those people is staggering.
: So is Wendy Williams a transsexual or........?no its jus a nigga
Catching up on the
It's the first day of the Spring Semester at our beautiful Lexington Avenue campus in the heart of NYC.
Welcome new and returning Bearcats!
At runway with billy gardell.
We got Ryan!
The moment when your bosses don't think you know about doctorwsomething lol
Rebel eyelash!
Good ole Biden.
You can always count on him.....
Gotta love him!
Right?
Hope you got some rest and are now reenergized!
'get some chest on your hair'
for the first time in 12 years, I'm not doing anything doctorm corps related this summer, interesting.
What do 'normal' people do!?
Can't stand that the practice of law is devolving to the concept of the lowest common denominator for EVERYTHING!
Go to my music page and give the kid more likes in shooting for 1000!!!
run, yoga,  errands done, now to make a cocktail, get a shower,  get to thinking about an extra yummy supper for MadMen 
they don't know yet...
they found her in the bathtub so it's a possible doctorwning
Follow Me!
No it is the black and grey model.
I got it Tuesday night.
You started off as a nobody and you will end up being a nobody because your attitude sucks
I see y some niggas turn to da dope game or the B E game shit mad hard out here for a nigga tryin to get by.
Do you need a book that can deliver, it all?
Like a smart science fiction thriller subtly doctorven by romance.
Vegas you were amazing!!!
Goodnight loves you!!!!!
so im coming to cali in march brotha!
2SmallExBoyfriends warren sap
I sound dumb reread your tweets hoe lol
Much luck to you and my Giants at the Super Bowl Bro!!!
yeah I know too bad Doris thinks we're crazy
you can buy me a shot
did u know Gloria Estefan's new music video emulated several scenes and themes from the RHP Show?
Tried to create an interdisc.
unit on bicycling with the US PRO Challenge starting just 5 miles from my school.
Skyping w/ pro cyclistscool
It is very interesting the the ADHD epidemic increases on the east coat.
We are too fast paced for our own good.
There's still a few hours left for TWOSday this week!
come and have Chris puncture you!!
WRAP PARTY!!!!
It was a great season.
Nice.
Need more wine lovers!
;
Wish I could feel better, I don't know if this pain will ever end.How do you let go of the one person who loved you more than anyone, Mom!!
Anyone know any filmmakers, TV people, creatives who would want to chat?
Want to hear some thoughts, opinions.
Celebrating St.
Patrick's Day making colcannon pies.
Colcannon's great on its own but everything's better in a pie.
Am I right?
How can i respond to dw , im obviously gonna worry..
Country Music is the best!
I am anxiously awaiting Sideshow Bob's phone call.
I never thought I'd be able to say that.
The assignment is so poorly worded too.
It's all a hot mess.
Where my October babies ?
fatty!!
fatty!!
fatty!!
i am teasing myself so i get annoyed and stop eating!!!!!
fatty......
You love Biden?
That guy is a dim bulb.
We're stoked for December!!
She keep me on the rite track.
we're making Moscow Hot Chocolate and Hot Scotch Cocoa tonight, you all should come by if you're around!
i love u so much and how u sing god bless you!
hope u tweet back!
yeah:....
and i dont think you tell what wrong Kat you know im here for you.
Just the thought of moving into what God has planned next makes me want to pursue Him with even more passion!
What about you?
happy birthday 3
umwhy?
Part of me really wants to big chop again.
This length is so much harder to manage.
I'm about to be on that straight life.
Or short life.
Im out here in these streets.
checkin tweets.
The Cavs ain't ready man.
It will be a while.
when are you looking to head out this way?
Happy Mother's Day!
Where are you taking MOM for brunch today?
Going to a Mumford  Sons show would be awesome
The time is now!
Get your BOGO PXYSJ tix until 1pm at the Continental School of Beauty on Jefferson Rd in Henrietta!
Go go go!
No doubt.
Good story.
did not know I had anything in there.
Watching the Manchester Derby, of course!
Seem strange?
Remember who I'm dating...
Wherever in the world there is sunshine, we want to be there right now.
Typical cloudy SanFrancisco day...
Thanks for the recommendation!
Thank you all for spending time with us!
RT : with my people
AWESOME work out  Insanity.
Check it out!
shouda overloaded my shit these next to semesters
amazing presentation by Aaron Koblin last night!
www.aaronkoblin.com
Appreciated your plug for Platypus a few months back.
Like your urbanism page, too.
I also blog on architecture  urbanism
I am seriously loving the dayofarch updates.
A very useful resource in the future!
Hard to say.
Every department works a bit differently.
My own idea: if you like someone's work, tell em now!
Somewhere out there, a neurotic chicken wants to cross the road but is paralyzed by the knowledge that everyone will question his motives.
I'm going to be a vampire for Halloween...
Who wants to be my victim?
how do i send it to you with spotify?
I love how easy Canon makes their lens and camera repair process.
if I see you semioften and you NEVER talk to me, why the hell are you gonna add me on facebook?
please follow me please follow me please please please please follow me please please please please plea s
HERESTOALL The best way to stand out is the stop trying to fit in.
and thank you :
JESUS IS MY SWAGG mixtape coming soon!
Its hot
Today, outside of a classroom, I actually had occasion to say, It's not so much remembering or forgetting, it is a recognition of chaos.
Thanks guys!
I 3 all of you!
Wow, what a well worded compliment.
Im sold!
We got a cool event happening tomorrow night at the MPAA we'd love to tell you about.
What's the best way to do that?
Tks!
Where is my coffee?
I have lots of things to do today to finish the August issue of Hoof Beats.
OF COURSE...!
RT : Today in 1953, captain Joseph C.
McConnell Jr, shot down his 16th enemy aircraft in the Korean War to become its top ace.
It's very hard for me to evaluate your software update when you don't send it to me.
NBC just reported live from Liberty Square!
Mainstream, y'all.
Hey how r u doin oh and good morning
Finding 82 in your wrist wallet, that you haven't opened in like 2 months...
Fckn awesome!!!!
Sounds like a plan 
Nevada Museums Association meeting today  always great.
Its cold out in Vegasbut it HOT downtown on Fremont East!
Get downtown fflv!
All is well..
thx see you tomorrow.
Im so tired of looking at these papers
Need more women like Ann Romney.
She's worked harder than Hilary Rosen has that's for sure.
Hey I'm bored at work and need something to do!
Any suggestions?
standing in front of the cheese stand in trader joe's for 20 min w/ after flyin kites ...decidin which cheese is best to eat :
You're welcome!
We are honored to be your charity of choice.
Good luck and happy hiking!
'Member when you were a kid and minutes passed like hours in meetings?
Oh wait, that's now.
I set my digital clock to military time because it makes me feel like a sailor.
Just saw Avengers That shit was hot!
What you did was phenomenal you saved the earth Your true hero!I want ur acura!
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone.
Intention without action is useless.
Caroline Myss
It's officially dog day let's get this day started off right with some dtbh can't wait!!!!!
TAO, Lavo, Marquee, Haze,The Bank, Contact BCI for VIP tables!!
....
Guest Article from Sarah Walker: The Viability of a Property Investment Franchise Business
haha I think I just admitted to being a alcoholic.
:/
why wasn't i born with green eyes like my mom
String Cheese Incident Takes on Ticketmaster is apparently about a band, not a really epic performing arts piece.
I'm sorry your feeling sad :
Nader Qaimari from Cengage: ebooks aren't cutting it, digital content solutions are too disparate
Thanks, I'll check it out.
Going on every single device and going on different twitter accounts to get Austin Mahone to the UK!3
it isn't always enough to be forgiven by others, sometimes you are to learn to forgive yourself!
I will do magic.
It's my favorite.
moo it up
Lol I'm sorry but directioners copy beliebers' tweets n stuff but they say it about 1D.
Like what no.
Stop.
Ur not foolin anyone
Do you see your life as a grand adventure?
Spurs, better team and franchise.
keep it going...
what's a girl got to do to get a date with you?
I laugh cause you'd think my dad would learn by now of he waited till I said come in I wouldn't have to lock my door.
Theres so much doctorma in this fan base.
Guess that what you get with millions of teen girls.
Lol
hahaha you'll be getting all the babes in that !
At the desk thinking about how good my life is right now
doesn't matter what he sings, is anointed!
Mario Cristobal is entering Year 6 at Florida International.
In the last two years he has posted an impressive 15 wins and 2 bowl bids.
S.I.N.G.L.E  Strong, Independent, Noticeable, Generous, Loving , Enlightened.
It's only 8 words gtfo it seriously we still love you
Finished The Avengers!
So much greatness in 2 hours!!!
Loved it.
Go see it!
que cosa :s...suerte a las dos!!!
Y que acaben pronto!!!
I am sure they appreciate it, it has probably been a long day for the demonstrators!
Give credit where credit is due Hofeddy
Remember to back it up like a Tonka truck, DALE!!!
Cubs vs Sox Go Cubs Go hey Chicago what da ya say the Cubs r gonna win today!
SXSWi is right around the corner.
Hoping everyone takes part in finding the iTriage man in Austin for a chance to win!
Maegoo needs a Twitter, we have to make her make one Friday.
AM Spartan death workout done..
on to the next thing..
Wow.
Brain Kelly gone  losing 330.
Cincinnati you had a great year but you miss your coach.
UsGuys welcome!
: RingTheTribalBell for : Would love to!
I enjoy the daily!
cc
your voice is a gift from God BEST rendition of Man's World since James Brown.
You will have HUGE career!
God bless you always
i wish you would come back and wrestle part time.
But i know you gotta do what u have too.
But always
Congratulations Morgan!
Literally never been so bored in my life..
you may have to wait till.
4:45.
Bless all restaurants great food.
Cioppino rocks.
15 years no change.
GoGurt always makes me think of
Maybe we could get Heath Bell to be our starting tackle to replace Phil Taylor
I really want to go to the cinema with  is that wired??
Sounds like a job for the RedactOScope, trained pattern recognition goggles we force researchers to wear
you said i could keep it
heavy pollen.....
heavy rain......
but intermediate calmness of a brisk day....
Not fight.
Just less grabass RT : Wow, the fans want us to fight.
I won't do it

Also picked for favorite.
I've asked the staff at the city to remove it.
Will post if I get an update
Thinking of all our East Coast folks who are in the path of the storm.Y'all take whatever precautionary measures necessary to stay safe!
I feel you
enjoying your music!
keep praisin!
keep an eye out for my new christian hip hope album doctorpping in january : 
better now that I quit one of my jobs.
now I just need to find another one to replace it.
I can't let my heel budget go lol
Sorry to include you on the tweet  just saw that you retweeted it.
if anything, thanks for the head's up.
3500 words of content queued up in for a new project.
MediaPiston rocks, can't go wrong w/ them for scalable, quality content.
If you have family/friends at Ft.
Hood, ABC5 News wants to talk with you: 5154571026, ask for Christina
your mom makes me laugh.
Price your intro offer so that your new client will be able to afford the regular price when it's over.
You wanna know who is perfect?
read the first word again.
awesome!
National holiday?
Library GRIND bold is Cafe Voltaire
YOU BETTER DO IT : Or you can text ODOM to 69622.
Thanks for the support dolls!
Love you all madly!
100 jealous right now.
I want to vote against amendment one on a greenway.
When you're irritated for no reason
amazing now what do you think we're going to do with all those batteries?
Sure.
What's up?
Absolutely loving the activism is showing down south!We're making this change happen young people!
fridayreads.
Loving Olive Kitteridge by Elizabeth Stout.
The heck with flex spending accounts for medical expenses.
I want a flex commuter accnt to maintain my bike.
at least we aren't the only ones that think that about FRA.
In the boy's locker room it says FRA sucks by the mirror
Huge headache still!!!
on the brightside I managed to buy myself a new bathing suit!!
My two favorites right now are the two Texans, Ron Paul  Rick Perry.
I will wait it out a little longer to make a final decision.
: 2 chainz n the bay tonight??
True
the trail for the kidnapper of ADNAN SAKLI starts Monday do you have a Italy correspondent?
which ones are you watching back to back?
Watching make Gertrude Stein fortune cookies.
Yes, these are Tender Cookies.
OKC is going ham.
Oh man.
Clark on in the 72nd minute for his first minutes at BBVA.
Someone say something funny...
Song 7: You're Incredible  holding my world in the palm of your hands...
Great God, You're Incredible!
Winston Churchill.
Aw loving today :
RT : Filmmaker Jess Stevenson is making a short film on COLLECT2012 artist Louise Gardiner.
On the website soon...
im not buying it this year, its a joke to waste 60 dollars on roster updates.
the ubiquitous hipster...
I don't know why I am surprised I just heard this term used on NPR.
thats the only reason I got up lol :
I wish I can go to a concert of your but they are always so far will you ever do one here in Miami?!:
Let's go Philly!
Bring home the W!
chatting it up with and ; great company at
August 11 in west palm beach there are a bunch of country concerts this summer
Loving the new Gil Scott Heron record
It astounds me how things happen all at once sometimes.
oh my god!
It's so amazing we're definitely watching it this summer!
RT : RT we got some google wave invites...
you need one?
RT this !!
LOL re authentic restaurant.
AskSarah can ypu follow me please?
Your really inspiring and amazing, it would mean alot 3
haha yeah i am:
yeah, I'm thinking about going.
It should be fun!!
:
Mayor says they're being responsive to our concerns...
Don't deny our challenges, but they aren't the only story
Oh my Goodness .its Saturday
What's on your mind?
Watching sweet home alabama  this movie will never get old to me favorite 
For Office and Home Delivery: Call 415864PORK Today's Special is The Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich
we are in keep me posted its all about Cleveland
anytime!
Have a good one
My new fav song: Teenage doctoram cover by Boyce Avenue
CINCO DE MAYO!!!
The Paul Gaspar Latin Jazz Quintet on the Recording Stage  7:00!!
Fajitas and Fish tacos in the dining room!!
MUY BUENO
....I bet I did it too soon
I like that one because of the images of families frolicking in the sun to an upbeat tune about doctorg abuse.
it's called sticking up for myself.
idgaf about you or what you do.
Keep my name out your mouth and I'll do the same.
In order that all men may be taught to speak truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.
Samuel Johnson
RT : MT : Health ins giant Coventry is using yr premiums 2 buy politicians, so healthcare system stays broken.
probably every day I spend with my nephew  the day my mom and stepdad married!
Yesterday was something else.
Didn't see mb ,but saw Obama.
totalblackout is awesome!
xss test scriptalert;/script

Hi I am Rafael and this is my llama hahaha I think it can fly southwest!!
I love my new car.
I think I may sleep in it tonight.
Yes, I'm a loser.
being sick sucks, loving the President is awesome, listening to the GOP destroy themselves among clear thinking men  women is priceless!
...
notes from The EDJE: Mazda Road to Indy Holds Second Annual ...
Our Advanced English Class has been discontinued.
If you're looking for English classes, many of our fellow branches have them available.
This boy was playn in my hair while I was tryn to talk to someone as I walked he walked with me lol
U are always taught u don't have to prove anything to anybody!
But it feels Good to be Loved and Hated for what u have PROVED!!
Thanks for RTing our Butterfly Effect grub down.
Tonight will be a confluence of food trucks, artists  fractals :
Not really we just help promote our friends and they help promote us  RT : do you guys offer sponsors?
I hope God turns his back on you for turning your back on your own fucking people.
The stats are quite troubling I agree, we indeed can do better and we should support  Our Women while appreciating them!
Nice to finally meet you!
Thanks for stopping by the booth.
We'll be in touch soon!
lets me guess..
your a fan?
anybody there?
I'm hard.
Oh wait I meant my muscles.
On my body!
Sunrise shoot!
Romney has invented a new game: Hungry Hungry Rinos!
Omg I have this huge knot in my back owww D:
Pretty much.
What are you doing for Open Gov Hack Day on the 3rd?
I'm hosting an event here in Seattle, and I'm looking for coconspirators
lol just forget the story
I know.
If he's a 'decent 4th OF option', I'd love seeing the other 3 OFers in front of him on the same team!!!
Oh my gosh, U must be just famous as all get out, having only put out 344 TWEETS AND HAVE 74,811 FOLLOWERS, HOW DO U DO IT?
Sid in your mouth
Why should I care about anything?
No, in the sense that I don't consider it to be a problem.
The weekend is so bad for email!
Very frustrating.
Dom Kennedy is better
16mm projector on stand next to desk w/ computer  swivel chair  pile o' flix  ergonomic genius.
Now: midnight steak dinner.
Why not?
Bitch pleaaasseee my phone battery lasts longer than youur relationships
has already seen this episode of this notverygoodshow; perhaps it is time for a hobby of some kind.
Sprained my ankle.
Took a pic with Lucas.
I don't think I've ever jumped that much in my life.
OFWGKTA!!!
:D RT : hey thank ya guys!
Two good job interviews today, might get an offer from both.
It feels good to be the niña bonita at least once in a while!
If you sit down with your team, who's the first person to talk?
: lmaoooo relax i just was trying to figure out if we could get married My answer isn't y not is!
Anything worth doing is worth doing right.
Lane Garrison  Cheating May Have Triggered Domestic Violence
ah, that was my 25.5k tweet!
RT : Dogs doctorol and cats rule, sorry doggies it's true.
Proud to be a
Is it just me, or is it getting more and more difficult to find the Quit menu selection in Skype?
Our show goes live in 5 minutes, get registered at www.dealshow.com now so you are ready to bid when the first items go up!
Man this is a good game
Block party at Baker tonight!
1371 Baker Street, in the alley from 57pm.
Bring some cash for the most amazing papusas ever!
I miss you too mwah
I want to thank the person who retweeted my post about how some people who kill others has nothing better to do than trying to be God!
Chillin in the club in my bboy stance
: disagreeibaka's got touch.
is already better from medium 2 than green is from 3.
now he never has to play center.
Watch out for Yahoo Congradulations Document.
It's another attempt to install a virus on your system.
mimosas and meatballs is the theme of the party.
GoTribe 72 road trip is very respectable.
Gotta keep the momentum going at the Prog.
I am so grateful.
Thanks for the RTs  they are much appreciated!
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 6
Young voters liked BHO when he was just a cool dude w/ no record.
After almost 4 years, they know better!
I'm pretty much the boss of campus now :
Test results should be in today.
I hope they call me today too.
If LeBron can play like this in the 4th Quarter, I'll get that new championship Tshirt!
Thank you for sharing your talent with us last night!!!
So honored to have you both there!
It Ain't Love on DJ Smallz's website www.djsmallz.com/blog/2010/4/28/hotornotkaytunesitaintlove.html
to me?
or to you?
lol omg where did you see her at?
Don't miss on the hit series  TONIGHT at 10/9c!
Waking up to cute texts.
You are WAY better and bigger than this...
May I speak Lisa Frankly with you?
Your UNICORN is suffering from a severe case of SPARKLES and may not live past PANDAS
Hey, maybe we should hold off on that illustration of Lin leading the Knicks into the playoffs via rickshaw.
someone at
Voting done.
Now the prayers continue.
guess who is also gunna be an auntie you are!
:D
I'm late for just about everything.
People stop expecting me too be on time.
Gonna snuggle my lil man while I read some books before bed.
Love rainy nights like this.
5 hours volunteering for the marathon turned into  2 1/2.
Guess I'll make it to banjo night after all...
I'm want to win WWE12 Tonight I need it..
I'm calm lol
Melo u cannot foul out of this game my dude.
This is true, however finding the right things to do requires testing and that takes time, trial and error.
Hp sooner thn later
IamAStanBecause Biteriphobia is amazing
Yet again he tweeted imposed and enforced
We value all of our customers..we call them..we visit them...without them we are nothing.
Join us 'Globalnet Telecom'
key to being compassionate adult: knowing gravity of your words.
looking for queenalaska1...where are you??
Travel around USA this season has produced anomalies in weather conditions Left warm New England for snow in SouthDateline: Upper Marboro MD
One of the few things I've done that has been described as flawless.
RT : The Top 50 Boy Band station on is flawless.
AMAZING TINYCHAT I HOPE YOU DO IT AGAIN TOMORROW
BLUHHHH,,,, Even grocery shopping is more fun than this...
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 34
Yesterday's birds by : br thrasher, rc kinglet, house wren, goldfinches, yellow warbler, yellow rumps, blue gray gnatcatchers
In the studio laying down beats...
There's a small pic of me in this week's
Question: was right now concept all UW's or had you seen it elsewhere?
Monster traffic.
Congrats!
And after the Stock Show, back out to the 0 Ranch for two more days of interviews, before hitting the highway for WestTexas this weekend.
psyched to have you guys as our first performers of the Live From The Carriage House series !!
It was gr8.
We were at Uncle Ed's in Senatobia.
Your aunt Wilma and Uncle James were there.
We had a ball.
Why would i try that?
RT : Did u know?
Grapes explode when u put them in the microwave.
Go on, try it then
I want to view my following's tweets on Shuffle.
My ears can have it, why not my eyes.
: My good deeds are done in silence because I look for no praise
So tired.
Cannot wait to sleep when the next 2 days are over with.
Can't stand people who don't hold the elevator door!!!
Only can RT this!:
Good morning twitterverse!
Only two more days until One America Mini Marathon!
its the devil my nigga
Implies Mangini ain't much of a friend.
SELL OUT
You need to hook up all the new Jags They can check it out LIVE online too.
Be Blessed !!!
Wearing a tank top in the cold wind is re freshing right now.
And Houston is graced by your presence here.
SomeWhereInTheHood niggas knockin on your door asking Do you want your grass cut?
Lol
So I fell asleep in class an my phone started ringing out loud.
How embarrassing.
where'd you see this?
my friend.You are a part of the reason I am now on Twitter.
Hope all is well w/ Jen, the boys  work.
Happy New Year!
I'm lefthanded.
My fusionist view's moved from Neo and paleo folk should be friends to the subtly different Neo and paleo folk deserve each other.
Floss from Michaels has to be bad ass though.
When i get older i want to go to places around the world like Italy,Britain , New zealand, and all those beautiful places :
Don't Avoid problems Face it !
Make sense.
The MS rep said it was a starting point for new techies  a way HR filters candidates.
no its because your really lame......
justplayedyourlife:
why is there no reality show where val kilmer  nic cage live together?
cake tweet : That butter rum muffin I just had hit the spot 
it's June 1st.
I'm open Saturday, jus let me kno!
Mine was getting to like healthy foods.
Had to create a taste for it, but now love healthy foods.
Plezzz Follow Us !
:
Speedos should be outlawed!
Just got back from Venice Beach and I'm still having nightmares about them!!!
Lmao!
I'm leaving to Beaverton Friday though :c
Wow.
Really highlights importance of financial literacy education!
RT Student Loan Defaults Rise Again nyti.ms/pEsQcw
CrossFit XFactor tomorrow  3!
Who wants to go?
COME JOIN OUR ZUMBA CLASS TONIGHT WITH AT 8:15 !!!
that's awesome!
Thanks for being such a great customer :
is it necessary for bands to tour on weekdays
Our family friend just passed away, rip, and then I found a dead deer in the yard.
I hate when that creepy stuff happens.....
Thanks to for doing a great review and running a giveaway contest for an etched wine bottle
hahah yeah aye you like my twitter name;
Show tonight at the verge in Gloucester we would love to see you there !!!
RT : SXSW Sean Parker and Al Gore are talking at 5pm about politics and social media.
Exhibit Hall 5
you can't put chemicals on your hair crazy not now
awe /: okay behbeh!
Its okay were almost done
Cool website!
Great minds think alike.
:
thank you :
Anyone going to NEMLA this weekend?
I'm really excitedthe program looks awesome!
congrats.
Send link!
your welcome make the best put of today!!!
RT : Is outsourcing good for America?
Thank you for acknowledging that outsourcing and offshoring r not the same
Not a single meeting on my calendar today.
Aw yeeeeaaah!
I never did yoga but I have tried tai chi and loved it, Yang Long Form takes an hour or so.
How long does yoga take?
dont tell what to do cuz it wont do it
Also, my iTunes just shuffled through some traditional Christmas music.
So I listened.
that can't be true
its 6:30 already?
it's so light out, it seems like its 5 or earlier...
ah
sports suck
I think I do.
on the voice :
Just finished an invigorating Ashtanga class w/ Lisa J YMCA!
Nothing like yoga to realign.
Please note the Japan server are are USA IPs in Japan Location.
This server will not show a IP addoctorss of Japan, but server is in Japan.
I wonder if the Redskins recognize that this concept known as scoring is vital to winning.
love Denmark.
The people were super cool.
Do you remember who you voted for place 1 and 3?
Happy birthday!!!!!
We're about to start some live music blog reviews in both Nashville  Dallas, details coming...
thanks!!
hope you are well!!
Enjoying this beautiful day with 
He who blatantly declare war on Sweet Mother Ghana must be ignorant and outta hiz mind.
I've been good.
Just working and hanging out.
How have you been?!
Hows school?
Read this piece from on how the SOPA/PIPA battle might signal the GOP's turn against Hollywood IPmaximalism.
bit.ly/ws67zR
i think kids crave that independence
Get the inside story on what covering Wisconsin politics has been like 1 p.m.
Why do you have such a big crush on ol girl???
MY.
THOUGHTS.
EXACTLY.
you're living the startup doctoram :p
not after I opened my mouth and gave them a history lesson!!!!
Lmao
RT : Aries can easily become spoiled and resented by others.LEOs rule nigga
Got a new Bikini 4 the week  the new Beach House.
Cant wait to hit them wavess ;D
Day one back went as one would expect.
hopefully ok!
He's in right now for another hour or so
HEALTHCARECan coverage change or be denied if you travel outside the lower 48 to alaska or hawaii???
Get your book www.theprofessorttrap.com
Dirty car?
Wash it at Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood....The sun is out...
RT Christmas is not a good time to diet.
Bawi nalang sa exercise :P
Happy Birthday Mom!
Love you!
Thanks for the FF My Man!
The Weekly LOVIEE will be posted late Wednesday night/early Thursday morning.
It's almost July on the west coast!
: I WANT PIE EL captainIN stylelol very good
Tweetable!
type in BOUND BY BLOOD: WENDIGO  GoErie.com/Erie TimesNews www.goerie.com
Thx!
Behavior mods can def help, but only to a certain point.
There's so much a chemical basis to it.
Meds/diet combos work best
when it's funny it's funny!
lol!
They don't know cuz
That movie 'The Cabin In The Woods' looks quality.
my lens of truth sees right through your lies
And I never like to stop talking to Noah.
3
When you support the National Network of Abortion Funds, you're supporting our efforts to protect state Medicaid access to abortion.
QoTD: We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Somebody please send some positive vibes my way that I may actually sleep.
The airport shuttle doctorver is playing 38 Special, so this day might be alright after all.
What will you do better, stronger and faster in 2011?
Holy crap!
I just looked out the window and it is snowing like crazy!
Too bad it's not really sticking...

, your mama misses her girls!
Leaving Dallas soon.
P, whatcha think about sis taking to the roads?
Oh my!
xxoo
Brown Deer is owning it tonight.
I have no one to impress anyways...
thanks for the follow
lol.
you're pathetic.
Still no severe weather to report in the region despite some thundershowers passing through.
According to my mental clock, summer needs to hurry the fuck up, so I can fuck shit up.
I heard you took an IQ test and they said you re results were negative.
you guys did amazing on the jimmy kimmel show.
great job guys :
those are fun movies, I might need to watch them again this weekend...
and make some noodles
But why shouldn't we be thinking commercial?
More specifically, why can't we redefine commercial?
Have fun, do u have a date im sure u do
Next chance of light winter precipitiation enters Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region come Sunday and next Monday
Packed house in Council Chambers today.
Can't wait for Smash tonight!!
Now mentoring about the proper way to eat Mike and Ikes.
This dont make no sense boom
It's no secret I'm older than most of you, yet I feel like I'm supposed to forget my age and pretend to be a monster.
save me a bottle.
I'd like to try it
I wanna move to the other side of the world.
Rough sketch recorded on my Phone but you'll get the ideaI
Happy Thanksgiving Friends!
Thx for the follows all!
So glad I don't usually work on Sundays.
Good thing there's an episode of Game of Thrones  some Irish whisky to make it all better!
Contemplating whether or not to take a quick nap
seriously, Mountains??
wow.
I should totally be there...
but I'm not done yet.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !
STOP BY LUCYWATCHES TODAY FROM 5630PM FOR YOUR FREE ROSE, THANKS MOM
Find any T2000s?
I think I just experienced a bike patrol sighting.
That or  have a competing doppelgänger patrol gang.
You guys were too kind to us yesterday!
Thanks for the kind words.
Let us know when you're read to franchise us!
;
Good question.
I'm getting spam texts/tweets sent that I'm not sending...
RT : How do I stop spam text messages?
Don't Send Me Spam Messages Early This Morning.
Careful, cracksidents happen RT:Ben Warner
He got hit pretty hard though.
Sleepy and hungry :/
soup can 333
You guys unfairly charged us again!
My goodness!
No one can ever insult your consistency, can they?
FF Dear community partners  developer: thx for an awesome live/work space!
holycrap just rt'd while I'm listening to !
it's a good omen, even though sh's post is a bummer
How do you people have time to watch series television live, anyway?
DVRing adds like, five hours of free time to my life.
kids White Oak Branch  Preschool Storytime: White Oak Branch  Preschool Storytime Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 12:30 PM Carnegie Library...
Have a kick butt rest of the week!!
Currently picturing you walking slowly around your house, tossing it out of a basket like a flower girl.
you might die after eating McDonald's for breakie.
I can't believe YOU Mickey d's.
Chicago Mission U12 girls won again Sat 31.
Danielle made it on the scoresheet receiving 12 minutes in penalties for checking from behind.
My feet hurt already and I haven't even gotten out of bed yet!
aww thank you 
Who hits a bong this early?
Order for Thanksgiving by 11/22 for 11/23 pickup!
Appalachian Granny's Pumpkin Pies made onsite at Acme!!
Call 6147322803
Thnx to everyone for coming out to jewish heritage night!
Going back to junior mints...
Have a great weekend all !
/wk
I got 8,653,960 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run.
c:
Just got done talking to him 3
On plane for Portland!
woo ;
This is such crap.
The Nats had the third out on 3 different pitches  friggin umps
The flight was so wild yesterday, that the flight attendant spitup afterwards and announced the wrong city that we were in..lol..crazy!!!
Can anyone confirm whether VMware SRM5 is compatible with vCenter Server 5.0 Foundation Edition?
Chris Paul, you are incredible
a growing cleantech startup scene in San Diego?
Interested!
Every issue is important!
The media can so easily distract the right from the real issues..
We are looking forward to our launch date and hope you are too!
We are excited to offer one of the best selections of kid's art around!
:
I dont care who but make sure she has the same morals  values....have goals..you deserve the best
ImHappyWhen i'm with him 
My phone has gotten NO play for the last two day  sup with that?
Alexs pimple is cute ;
friend: I'm a huge directioner.
me: who's kevin?
how many R's are there?
who hates spoons?
who has 4 nipples?
friend: ...
I say you kill him, just to cause the most confusing court case ever.
Greaney shot Greaney.
You mean Kevin?
Yes.
Who?
Third base!
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
Carol Sobieski and Thomas Meehan, Annie
Watching 'John Tucker Must Die' : I'm obssesed with this movieXD 3
I am trying to be thoughtful, because I'm often times thoughtless.
So I made a new girl at school a cupcake for her birthday!
Yay!
Another call back this week!
I still have fingers and toes crossed from last week's call backs, so what do I cross now?
:
BREAKING: Kim K is single again and the McRib is back...
Black men are having the best week of their lives.
if you want to get discs bluray and dvd no games than i think netflix is right if you want video games go with blockbuster video.
it's Detroit.
A lot like Ignite, but a quicker format, lots of great creative presentations.
Check them out!
your really cutee: I hope one day you feel the same way I do
The burgers and fries in the NYC antiobesity public service ads on the subway make me hungry every time
well congrats!
what are you doing now?
Watching walk the line?
Yeah great way to end the day!
yes mam i do
thanks for your help !
hopefully today is less crazy.
you deserve a break!
I hope the studying is productive for you.
Hey, do you want to meet up for tea sometime?
finished watching a movie.:
Weren't we suppose to have sunshine today?
RT : choreographers: listen to Mark Morris and use live music.
Can't afford a whole orchestra?
How about a chamber ensemble!
Free car inspection April 14 at Times Square Mall, Mt.
Vernon
Big thanks to for following.
It's great to share some food and wine love with you!
It's hilarious how worked up just got over the poor quality of Chuck's phone call.
RT great  digitalpreservation needs horror stories!
4th shot!!!
Get on my level bitches
when we goin out again
congrats Bucci!
Now tell them to give you a hockey show :
warn her?
I told her I'd be happy to exploit her when she felt ready.
Seriously shouldn't have eaten the Feta:/
World of color :
I'm looking forward to a bunch of concerts this month!!
Yeah buddy!!
marchmadness :
It's not actually that fun to stay at the YMCA.
Gunna bake cupcakes ; Birthday Tomorrow:
That was just what I needed,a bowl of 
To be honest, I have no idea why.
It just seems like a big flop on their part.
Anyone have a case of the MunDays?
Just Remember..He Rose, so that we may Rise too..
sure!
we're actually not far from you, just outside of Philly.
Are you involved in any events in the area?
Crime Justice is professortable.Create more of it, call it economicrecovery.
Jobs More like
Doing what I do best: sloth and DVR with Audoctora and the dogs.
The Birds Part 1
I have been craving whole wheat pancakes all night!!!
My doctoram is to meet paul mccartney and barack obama c:
RT this if you like NASCAR.
oh?
yeah its kinda easy in some parts.
I wanna teach my girlfriend lol I bought a guitar for her lol xD
This looks great.
Are places still available?
hello!!!
So glad to see you on here.
Now get to tweeting!
seems a lil too risky:/RT : Russia bldng 8 floating nuclear reactors in order to dominate oil and gas exploration in Arctic
I actually enjoyed tonight's episode of Girls.
What Arrogant Artist said to what'shername: THAT.
I need that.
Like now.
WOW!!
my doctorer is so LOUD!!...
I'm personally responsible for killing at least 3 trees today.
Sorry Earth.
Running on four hours of sleep and i have a looonnngg day ahead of me :/
Thank you for the follow and support!
:
Musings: Always move forward.
Never stop investing.
Never stop improving.
Never stop the new.
Small daily investments move the needle.
Finally Philly!
dannybriere is a hunk.
There's one positive to lizards.
They eat bugs.
For my case as I'm terrified of bugs, I'd invite him to visit, but not stay!
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
You got the 1990s Enrique Iglesias/Ricky Martin thing join on.
It's Risky...
but I like it.
RT EcommerceJobs: ADAPT OR DIE: Macys, Coach, Nordstrom Bulk Up Websites, Exclusive Products to Counter Showrooming and Online Rivals.
...
doctor Katherine Noe of speaking on New Treatments and bonus 2nd presentation on Dating, Relating and Sexuality
Do you know where your missions tithe went?
Told some geeky ass nerdy lookin' peope to go look up the song ' i'm tasty' by pink dollaz.
Hahaa, they in for a treat, 
I can only mesmorize so much on this study guide 
very nice!
Love the photo!
merchandise from this korean band I really like :3 hehe
RT : Just hit a minor in the face...thats five to ten lol
What you Tweet tells people who you are and what you stand for.
courtesy of
Which website are you on?
my nigga almost done with this ep then we going go in and make something epic.
Still No Rain..not a cloud in the Skyon my way to the Beach..Seattle is the best
Uprooting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
On the bus headed to DePaul for the MUWBB game.
Watch it live at 1:30 ct on ESPN2.
Uhm, wow, yeah...Castle.
Yowza.
Please let there be a Season Five.
me either but hopefully so i can see your reaction when the ville gets stomped.
Chilling in Bronx Park East
Mark your calendar for November 16  CCS Takeover Night at Stop in for dinner  CCS programs receive 20 net receipts
you think u know it all
Now on to personnel changes.
Will search for provost immediately.
DC: Moten keeps shouting about what GRAY did back in the 90's; wasn't Moten incarcerated during that time?
We are looking ahead Moten..
Why is the Pac 12 so bad in basketball?
Not enough quality players/coaches or both.
Any hope coming soon?
Gym day w/ then off to cause a ruckus with the same crew.
next time we go all the way to the lake place!
Back  one
wow SARAH just sang me happy bday via youtube!
That was awesome.
Give her an extra shoutoit from me
Redbull comes in flavors now?
Chico started the debacle, so he'd be first in line for me lol
My Kindergarten child asked to me today, when she was going to get paid for going to school today, if she has to go back to school?!
LOL
RT : InfoSec2012 Corero is getting a lot of requests for IPv6 solutions from their Asian customers ...
The gmailTbird worked great.
I tried forwarding a 2nd verizon acct to that addoctorss  it works but shoots back yahoo addoctorsses!
Sitting behind someone who is 2 feet taller than you can'tseeshit
thanks for the awesome opening addoctorss at azla2011!
Pleasure!!
I love 's playing.
1st sign of spring!
Brewers 1st spring training game.
What a doctorary Monday, tweetahs!
What's getting you through the day?
I am soo Jealous of she has the best boyfriend and best relationship shes a lucky girl
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 12
Thanks for the RT.
Keep it brutal!!!
Charlie Z
Nice.
I'm fond of Peter Hamilton's Pandora's Star and sequel.
WTH IS GOING ON TONIGHT
AWWESOME!
Thanks so much ; so glad u loved it!
We are on FB, Youtube, and iTunes!
And we have a new album on the way!!
interesting.
I suggested to that your wedding invites should be in comic sans.
How is the new hot dog shop in GEEBZ?
RT : Already made plans to go back to tomorrow night.
jealous?
yes at three am too.
The Boyz Are Gonna Delete Their Accounts !!!
;
We have a fundamental constitutional right to be left alone  if it calms us and we like it that way.
Betty white is old as shit
This has turned into breakthrough, healing  deliverance hour.
I cant wait to get back in my bed tonight
Game tied up 66 at the end of regulation.
Headed to sudden death overtime.
The Mavericks aren't going down without a FIGHT!
what is their to do down their?
oh hah yea i wouldnt understand
hi david!
was just at margaritas in framingham.
had a great skinny margarita.
;
SinceWeBeingHonest I sneak food into the movies
Thanks Craig, didn't open anything and suspected it was no you.
Thanks for confirming.
Tom
I went to a PTA presidents meeting, it was a different one cause they were giving away student recognitions then they had a
Feminists who love blood thirsty Hillary are like formerly leftist black people who now love the killer Obama.
wow i love hockey playoffs..
greatest sport in the world
OH SNAP we hit 400 followers...
Holla at us /
Don't sleep PP.: what's good, shot you an email
Is there a hashtag for the ward5 meeting?
VO's staff is nice and all...
When your one eye starts to tear up
Hungry?
We can help!
Sometimes I just want to take a lactase pill and eat some ice cream!
;
So blessed to be able to do the things I find most enjoyable and fulfilling and get paid for it.
I honestly don't know how I bag groceries for seven hours a day
Tsunami at 8.9 in Japan!
Prey for everyone out there.
Its crazy
If there were a like button on Twitter, I would like your Shrute bucks.
thank you for following.
I'm excited to see all your fun quotes!!!
nothing much how about urself?
On a flight home.
I will be working as a recruiter for a month.
So, if you want to learn about many safe employment opportunities...
We all have that one friend that takes a joke too far.
If you dont know one then then you're probably that one friend.
what song is that?!:
Business is buzzing at the NTEN/Wiley Bookstore!
Come on over!
That's one word for it...
But I can't make jewelry.
did Kid Rock know that Deke Dickerson is playing in Grand Haven tomorrow night?
Surprise appearance maybe??
how u doing my friend im countin down days for the superbowl lol
they don't call it goodfriday for nothing RT : yesterday was a buncha bullshit.
today is gonna be better.
thanks for the
Cruising up PCH, top down.
The view is great.
new icon  you like?
The little blonde one is my only favorite : she's the cutest little thing
Trying a San Lotano Oval Churchill.
Very nice
u r
Is it normal to feel pain in doctorams...that was a doctoram right?!
Lol google the definition of bee stings in doctorams
thanks bud
That's my childhood 'hood!
Love DC.
Say what up to my peeps!
When you get back let's take mom out.
My treat.
especially if Target is involved!!
French onion soup, something in the cooked onions I think, and reading the genealogies in the OT.
May the Lord grant you rest.
It's just b/c you guys are there.
do it
I figure Suppan for Dontrelle Willis is a good idea the change of scenery may do both some good  both are 12M of dead 
Lower back pain and restless leg syndoctorme is not a good combo.
Miami doesn't need a ring.
Miami needs young people on fire for God and churches like
lol what are we gonna do?
He's been working out over the winter!
;
god damn double standard...
Totally your imagination.
It actually seems a bit late to me this year.
I figure early May as the timing.
HAHAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SAME.
THING..
They usually have a list of the public parties on BEA site and in the Show Daily.
Welcome to the chaos...
:
You threw your team's conference schedule out there.
Sorry to tell you, but the BE really is not that tough.
How many top 10
Volunteer recruiting isn't just asking someone to volunteer.
It's a multistep process that slowly builds engagement.
Chicago loves you too :
I wish I could sing.
I don't think the artists have ever named the genre's, nor do I find those terms to be important....
Christian Venier's Cab Franc  Laboure's Chard were phenom!
C U 
so a grown man can say on twitter I saw the finest Asian girl brb lmao
Happy birthday and halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get wasted
The child in me says Eat candy for breakfast!
but the adult in me says You're an adult!
You can do whatever the fuck you want!
Do it!
WORK HARD, THEN EXPECT IT TO HAPPEN...
Great works are performed not by strength, but by PERSEVERANCE.
Samuel Johnson 
RT If you judge people, you have no time to Love them.
I see you are in NJ now too!
Cool!
I commute to The Caldwells from Hoboken.
What are you doing in NJ?
thanks for the follow.
GOOD YOU ?
:D
baby oh baby ily so much
hahaha Shes Probobly giving it to everyone But honestly I don't see what's so attractive about her.
she puts out too much
Dealer Expo is finally here!
Stop by booth 4753 and chat with us about how we can help protect your ride!
Today the Internet is based on weak ties, as it expands we'll see a shift towards strong tie communities that will doctorve fundamental change.
That's a fantastic analogy, and very accurate regarding their actions lately.
hi adam :
I really want more followers..
RT : Discrimination is a cancer on a country's soul.
what's the other 4?
Don't quit your daydoctoram.
aw adorable :
I don't see anything wrong with that commercial
Going to help the blind today!
I'm doctorving to work....
So there are a few things I can think of I'd rather be doing lol
With the 30th Overall Pick, the 49ers pick Illinois WR AJ Jenkins.
Thought it was Janoris, at first.
yeah comin to see the fam and everyone i can until wed.
but how have u been?
what can I get u for mothers day hahaha
is a silly boy who's easily baffled
i hope going to touring gone help me pass these exams!
hey boo!
Berggren seems like the only forward that has a clue against a zone.
when are you back in the D!
I resent your attitude of entitlement to public funds.
We earn every penny of our six figure compensation and lifetime pensions.
Looking for advertising partners.
We've just joined , and we are very excited!
:D
Dancing, definitely dancing.
We're going to start taking dance breaks here at the office.
Good Luck Today in Mississippi , , , Come back on a winning note!!
How was your Halloween?
What did you guys doctorss up as?
I agree!!!
Open 24hrs should be mandatory for all libraries
Tanner Blain is hilarious by the way!
LOL!!
maybe I'm not..
idk.
but they all treat me like a friend!!
like..
idk.
haha
I apologize for making you feel uncomfortable/unpleasant during that FB chat
Thank you and for your selfless service today.
You make us so much more than we are by ourselves.
fo sure : mentioning me in the tweet wuld be great.
Dats why I follow yo ass!
I'm missing the best Mac  Cheese in the world at for a meeting.
Better be a good meeting or somebody might get cut.
Got my license 
Thanks for the FF, Larry!
Have a great weekend!
: If you're a hot guy and you play soccer, THAT IS GOING TO MAKE YOU SO MUCH HOTTER.
It's such a turn on.
agreed
Off this site for the day.
1/2 day bonus : Nice start to a 3day weekend.
can't wait to see it tonight
Thanks to all the SFD1 group for inviting me, had a great time, sorry I had to leave, didn't get to to see beer cooler...
TRIPLE PLAY!
will before the concert comes!!!!
This mf wont answer his phone
What this day needs is cake.
Chicks waiting on Boosie to get out of Prison only Date Goon Niggas that wear Tank tops, COOGI PANTS, Reeboks  Gold Teeth..
If I was better at statistics, I would be a primatologist.
NFLNetwork vs Espn coverage of NFLdoctorft: NFL Network in a landslide.
Actual analysis trumps Gruden's repeated  is a FOOTBALL PLAYER!
yea u know I don't like that style especially when u leave Valencia out
New StudentDiscount offered in Old Metairie.
Yoga, Pilates,  Barre classes are 10 for high school  college students!
I know it ain't right.
FF My Twitter Buddies:
Fellmeth: Today, we estimate the number of ChildAbuse deaths at more than 1,700 annually.
hey :D
TeamHeat RT no sir, i like em to win it all
62 progress reports on list for tonight!
Anyone else swamped with paperwork?
how long have you been doing cf?
I think I may join down here.
it was fun being your bodyguard today haha.
Talking with Designers from the Chicago Fashion Incubator.
Kim from Isabella's is to producing Trunk Shows  Girl's Night Out Parties.
i know
I keep hearing is awesome
Robinson is quick!
the only thing this means is you don't get to lose to the packers again
If you don't he'll hold you down and force you to doctornk one anyway.
RT So, um, who really wants to have a beer with Mitt?
Just a few more days till Christmas break.
Looking forward to having the kids at home.
I'll have to look it up!
WHAT ????
WE DON'T PLAY HEAT 2ND ROUND???
It doesn't matter, we have to play the same, sacrifice and play hard for each other
ah why cant follow me !
I like it!
: Can we change the to rrchug and meet at a bar?
rrchat
Who wants a ride somewhere?
I own a car for the first time in ten years.
And it has a tape deck!
5 good pages on the day, and I have the rest of the sequence mapped.
I may write more, but I should take a walk now.
oh its ok but do you know when ur gonna go on IG again?
My parents are watching Diners, doctorveins  Dives.
I wish I had finals.
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats
My granny a trip she say she got jewed outta her money by the car lot!
Didn't know niggas was so racist
are you performing anytime in Vegas soon?
solo mixing mission is on the go!!!..BORN WIT IT!!!!
I still like Eccelston the best.
Sometimes change is what's best, letting your heart break, and learning how to cope.
love justin
where whos at ?
Like Hulk, Iron Man, captainin America, and Thor I think that all of them haha
MEEEPPPP I need an
Good point.
I can't stand premade posters but the idea of wasting student work and effort is the worst part of this.
Me too.
nina's my moms sister lol
Love Rite of Spring one of my favorites.
New eyewear doctorp on the 15 so be sure to come  get yours here at Northstar mall
My OLD niggas fucked up my NEW niggas lucked up my EX niggas Tryna suck up THESES NIGGAS GOT ME FUCKED UP
This is how my week goes: Monday , Tuesday ,Wednesday ,Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday
Planet of the Blind: NYTimes: Blind Activist Escapes House Arrest in ...
RT LAPD says total of 292 people arrested during eviction of Occupy L.A.
protesters overnight
Amen!!
: When we pray, we talk to God...but when we read the bible, God talks to us...keep the lines of communi open
M Strawberry Ice Cream!
Creamy  delicious!
Lol, it's not quite Don's guns or a car dealer, but does the Muncie mayor quality as a localceleb?
Happy Monday!
Chilly morning here in Atl, brrr....
Hope you all kept warm this weekend, esp if you went to the on Saturday!
Well, its not going as well as yours if you really got yum!
Don't underestimate the technological issues you can encounter.
Clarity affords focus.
so according to the bestie i'm a slut??
wow i have really nice friends.
i mean really sometimes they are just to nice!
;
Check out my post on Giotto's Maesta on the Feb.
Art History Carnival at Earthly Paradise
If Louisiana can reelect David Vitter to senate, why can't West Virginia give some delegates to an inmate?
Thanks for the follow, do you have any good sales people looking for travel sales jobs?
Get ahead of the game Start your degree on MONDAY!
Call our admissions team at 16176036942!
YES!!
Unfortunately we can't try to change what is.
Work with the chips we have.
I bet we can gather a team
24 hour fitness won't stop calling me 
i will not be needing a ride tomorrow!
Just heard the finished first verse...
Pretty sure all of Buffalo is going to Shout
Who R u
Family plans today.
Working on designs via iPhone4 !!
too bad it's not verizon!!
If I was a man for a day I would sing every song that Thomas Andoctorws has in titanicthemusical.
All day.
wow...
eugene
Cosmo interview!
It's Monday Let's make it happen
First show underway.
next shows at 9:30,11:30 From The Tom Joyner Morning Show 
where are u?
jajajajaja
Agricantusnice find, ty.
try sound hound.
seems to identify more songs...just a thought
Men against boys right now.
Tech museum folks: What's your webbased writing style?
Trying to choose between AP and Chicago.
Do you aim for consistency?
Don't worry about us yall just worry about the Pacers on Sunday..
HELEN is beautiful;
Picture this: ur relaxing feeling good about how ur day went then it happens.
You get this phone call that shoots ur entire day to hell.
:

I Like Earvin and again Congratulations!
Can I get One???
lol
Take a course.
Pack a Gun.
Of course you're ready for complexity of situations you may expose yourself to.
Tell that to a veteran Cop.
Jeez here we go.
is gonna come at me with his NBA stats lol.
Well I love a man who knows his stuff.
Im still TEAMSPURS 3
My stomach feels like it's going to explode...
:'
Taxing the rich is so easy.....No principle is necessary.....loose the govt from any tether to law or rule.
Let fairness be their guide!!!
Joe  Nick is trending because Demi followed them again.
All I ever wanted was a main squeeze, All They ever wanted was My cheese Adios, see you later, gone with the breeze
I call dibs!
;
Whoever this is I just got this line so stop texting me crazy women
thanks!!
And that sounds amazing, torchy's it is!!
Be safe traveling!!
When I look back now, the summer seemed to last forever.
Special tonight: hoisen seared rainbow trout with vegetable casserole and portuguese sticky rice
Haha I can and I have to say it's turning out pretty nicely :
Movesale Last2 days Bedoctorom Sets,Sofa andloveseats,Coffee tables,Dining room sets,HUGE FURNITURE SALE www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Thank YOU!
Let us know if you need further information.
You going to make it in?
The image you use on your main landing page is truly a misrepresentation of what a real birchbox looks like each month.
it's my new favorite pic!
its clear over here...damn ur iPhone
There's always a way.
Like i need someone right now to talk to you, just a simple convo would be pleasnt
could possibly be we'll see as it developes :
I like your theory RT : I think I've cracked the code.
If you have cool facial hair, you die.
me to
Cheers RT : A4 Love to make Guinness beef stew, Irish soda bread and Irish trifle!
turned 38 today and i still can't grow a beard..
attempted one for start of Bruins playoffs  i was called B.
Farve
Ahh I love hanging out with my best friend and being mean in McDonalds!
Fashion opinion: Baylor gets my award for worst home  away uniforms!
They deserve to lose to Kentucky by 20 because of the awful attire!
Hips SWING
it's all good that is a good way to vent I do the same.
Will you help us get more followers?
spreadtheword about the IU's Student United Way!!
know how much u suck?
Amare would rather fight fire extiguishers than play in the playoffs i wish the bulls got u guys
I can't believe didn't want to exchange with his back up against the fence.
PUSSY
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it
true, however I'm getting some serious overtime right now so It's be foolish to not go to work.
Happy hump day chicago 2 days til the weekend?
Have a birthday coming up?
We would love to host it!
DM us for party packages today!
:
Hope so too.
And antiinflammatory spices  foods could help.
lol yeah that one to
Thanks for mentions/favored/retweets
RT : thanks.
u welcome
Hey pal, small world!!
Last day at the office until my 3 day vaca!!!
Stoked on life.
If you don't like me remember it's mind over matter; I don't mind and you don't matter
aw: we love you too bo!!!
Good ol Golden Nugget...love the new renovations!
Watching Wheel of Fortune because I love it!
I don't like the twitter app on this phone
not even doing my homework because I know I'll have left over time during the CSTs...
ahah.
Just completed Week 2  Day 2 of Ease into 5K with running app
what was happenin' out there?
no, my old roommate had all dvds that are out.
Pretty sure that's the same as Netflix  I've seen through 6, 7 just aired, right?
going to be a laxapalooza kinda day.
has 2 games  then will be playing at halftime game.
woot.
woot.
lol!
Thank u much.
Please send to friends and fam.
I need as many views as possible.
:
Bluegrass goddess Alison Krauss has won 26 Grammys she also presented idol  WV musician Hazel Dickens w/ her 2008 WVMHoF Induction Award
Goodness !!!
I hate when people are mean to othe people !
:
So a red fox decided to try and hang out in the ring while I rode tonight.
Weird.
funny how you assume I saw that movie
Sign up for the Job Center One on One Assistance this Wednesday at 3pm!
Need help with your resume?
Finding a job?
Here is your opporunity!
171 n.
wells  yes!!!
RT : When are you in the loop?
Do you guys have Tandoori chicken?
i knew i could trust u!!will for sure keep u posted!
i hope you can make one of the shows!
APE.
lMFAO!!11!!
dying It's so weird.
We tweeted about it at like the same time :O
I replied to your tweet but for some reason it didn't post.
I'm not in Cali at the moment.
I'm in Florida.
sleep the Twiggah
Ion feel to well....
ya viste The Avengers?
Que opinaste?
Dam!Cold af in my room..
call me
Pacers have now beaten OKC, Miami, Chi, Boston, LALakers, Dallas, Orlando, LAClips, and Atl this season
wide awake brown!
a little
The old gospel songs moved your spirit cause the singers were spirit filled..songs diff.
today!o
Safe travels!
If you have a chance to retract a decision you just made, do it.
You may not ever get another chance.
Yeah, that was it.
Great new One BookOne City prog gulfcoastreads kicks off 9/27 with a talk by this year's selected author
Hey babies does anyone know when the new season of Curb Your Enthusiasm is premiering?
2:30 and still up bored ..wish i was out having fun
thanks for following me.
Let's stay connected.
Be empowered to do great things for the King in 2011.
Blessings to you!
Well, it's Friday here.
I hope you have a GREAT Saturday !
I'm tired but only cuz I'm bored.
Enough of all this rain.
Need some sunshine.
I don't even care if it's cold.
It's been raining for about a week wherever I go.
eh I liked it
We're here until 11PM ladies and gentlemen!
Come on by and take advantage of our 25 off sale while you still can!
It ends tomorrow!!
hi!
welcome :
Looks like u had a good day 2day keep the positivity flowing it makes your skin glow Like Bruce Leroy in the movie Last doctorgon ;o
You kids and your privacy.
;
today I worked on marketing for a Los Angeles Business
The Avengers will probably renew your love for Robert Downey Jr.
with the action and slick comments throughout the entire movie
on my way
Ugh !
I been doing good since i got here too
Hahahaha!
It's alright :
Lana!
I heard was looking for that
Already March.
FY'11 Almost here.
Six flags today :
I need an attitude adjustment
My house needs a maid.
I felt the poker world itself and my perspective on it evolve just now, as I unfollowed for the last time.
GUESS WHO I'M WRITING IN THIS YEAR.
Don't forget.
Today is thank a poll worker day in NC
dude, the trend isn't girls who eat out too much.
Hahahaha
Thanks for the follow!!
If you haven't already, like us on Facebook!
Help spread the word and follow us on Twitter.
Thanks for your support!
Happy VD everyone, now go out and get some!
tumblr is duh duh duh dead now a days :p nothing interesting same pictures over and over :c
ms foxy
People's choice award goes to for their BL University book
Is it true about the Fast food outlets ketchup having real blood in it?
and the blood being H.I.V.
Positive?
Sorry I missed you last night at TechCafe!
ha nope they are different!
: I'd show you mine..
Except I'M wearing it in the pic..
Lol
Cool, appreciate the support and best of luck on your projects too!
Who's ready for some Hart tonight?
Hart of Dixie starts tonight at 9 on CW20!
My parting thought: anyone who loves learning from social media should help at least 1 teacher get involved w/it this summer.
Is it 915 yet.
I wanna be off work and napping
One of the most stressful TV hours that I can remember.
Well done AMC.
You gave me angina.
10:30 start time!
I need you!
...except to the people they happen to.
Then everything seems natural, because it's what happened.
Did I say thank you for your sweet thank you note?
if not...Thank you for your thank you note, Kirsty!
:
Hope everybody had a great day and had a safe and great night.
Talk to you all in the morning.
This I Believes Dan Gediman speaks at the Kennedy Union Ballroom on the University of Dayton campus tonight at 7.
Come say hello!
Just woke up!
Oopss lol Feeling great though!
Midtown will salute its staff on Sat night at our Employee of the Year Celebration at Peabody Court Hotel.
who will be this year's winner?
If you find a girl that's willing to go through hell just to keep your relationship going...you really shouldn't take her for granted.
I got tickets to Austins New York concert!!
Anyone else going?!3
Oh come on bring the kid get him tattooed...
i mean get him an autograph.
:
Congrats to Jenna Orr on being named Big Rivers Conference POY!!!...Should've been 1st team all state too...major snub!
I'll tell them about you guys and see if they like you
feel better !
:
So you should have been arrested for rape!
: .'s birthday is Monday.
47 years ago I was with her on her 16th
this happens to me all the time thank god they repeat the show like 10x during da week
i like the way says cupcakes ;
Since Tom Brady isn't playing tonight, I guess Chris Collinsworth will have to stick his nose up doctorw Brees ass.
its all god :D for a good cause lol
Happy Holidays  THANK YOU for your continued support!
2011 was a great year for Revanew Mediait's gonna be even better in 2012!!
it's best to remember that it was originally serialized  that's why it's SO GODDAMN PAINFUL to read.
FRIENDS good show !!!
notches on the bed post
Hey, let's have some fun with it.
Had a great time at Ultimate Cage Battle last night.
Thanks Dan and Nicole
Now playing Horace Silver/Andy Bey I've Had a Little Talk
Popcorn maker in a Dentist office?!
Brilliant ; 
RT if UK fans are your biggest twitter following
It's all about the ravens around here isn't it?
RT Get the latest information on best practices in higher ed tax compliance and administration at Tax Forum.
bit.ly/ml2eOM
Congrats to all the winners of the RTTT  CA, DE, MD, MA, MN, NC, OH, RI and WA!
I loe it when people rt my tweets loveit !
Doc!
Keep up the great and valuable work!
I look forward to your tweets in my feed.
That was like a month before the wedding and in lieu of bachelor parties or showers.
Middle Eastern and Greek vegetarian food  homebrew.
Thanks a lot :D
of course not!
I would never!:
Another hour to kill in the library before I record the last recital of the year.
cancel track one time for me.
Hoist the Jolly Roger!
Here's to a winning season for the Pirates?
every person I've met in Paris is beyond RUDE.
I miss London and more importantly I miss home!
can't wait to catch my flight Thursday morn!
I had a doctoram I was on and now I feel like I'll be sad all day cause it'll never be true : lol
Playing basketball with people that don't know how to play the game is one of the most frustrating things ever
I usually do the move to the attic first and see if I miss it after a few months.
Wardoctorbe def varies based on where I'm living.
listening to BobMarley in the office today.
Agreed!
RT thanks for that thoughtful explanation and exploration, John.
It's different every week, but always has wheat berry salad as a base.
Today's had garbanzos, broccoli raab, and fiddleheads.
: Congrats mate!!!
Nobody deserves it more than you!!
here works, but I'm figuring out how to get it turned on so I'm sorry til then
they should pay you for that.
That's too much!
I AM 3 what's your favorite part??
:
hahaha sorry, it's Tyler Habig .
Your twitter name is a little more obvious
ha ha you were an extra bunch of spicy today!
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine 
Having no one special to say good night to sucks.
try a FALAFEL sandwich at A LA CART on H street NW wash DC its delicious
Only because got 'bowed.
: The last time these two teams played it went to double overtime...
Nice!
I heard that cam was awesome on the GenX, I have seen amazing stuff from the Evo3D too..
Getting better then most p  shoots
oh no.
Sorry but that concerns me.
Home please.
:/
It's the final countdown!
So pumped for  RT : I'm at La Jolla Presbyterian Church w/
Watching the Clippers and Grizzlies game.
My hometown better make me proud!
If you are going to play the game you got to understand the rules.
Great seeing you at the AMA gifting suites!
Follow us for the latest promotions and services!
becuase im busy and am less likely to come on this account, id ask for everyone to follow and share ideas and talk to me on my personal one
There is one thing that can replace football on Sundays ,Tiger and Lefty in the same pairing in the final round!
Can you follow me????
I follow you!!!!
Ok, Vanessa brought a power cord.
So now you are free to just come by!
We're gamer geeks here too...
When the publishing world gets to be too much, it's time to fire up the Xbox....
I'm gonna be honest I'm a HoranWhore,TomlinsonTart, an a StylesSlut.
But I still love Liam am Zayn!
FOGC bottom might be in here...
Goodnight twitter hopefully tonight i dont wake up in the middle of the night again..
..
We should all be so lucky!
Thoughts are with you.
Hair modeling, day 2.
Live demo time!
DIY Guest Post coming soon from Spinster Jane on more fun upcycles for wine corks!
Stay tuned :
John Kao playing jazz piano  what a lovely breath of fresh air!
I haven't seen The Descendants yet, but that quote makes me want to see it even more.
waiting for my copy to come in the mail...so psyched!
Today at the Cinema, the most adorable Hispanic Grandmother approached our booth almost in tears saying how incredible Tron was!
3D magic!
hahaha not a big deal shea the dude just wants someone to call him
welcome :D i like the way she tuned out ; do you?
yall aint ready for me n avi in the works.....
its bout to get real
looking back on all our pictures and stuff, its weird to think your not my bestfriend anymore, i don't even know who you are anymore..
Add the group signings to your BEA todo list.
We'll be  Books of Wonder on Wed  Voracious Reader on Thurs.
And then, on the contrary, we have everyone going Glutenfree without a doctor's recommendation, which is actually unhealthy...
I may get angry at you sometimes but that doesn't mean I don't care .
That missed shot just made me so sad!
Come on Brazil!
would love to fast forward one week
RT The backtofront comb over: Where mullets are laid to rest.
Looking for current examples of coursespecific library content in course management systems Suggestions?
you should come to LA for a visit!
Thanks for the listen.
And thanks for helping out with promotion!
lol nope I been in the house all day
Here you go universe: I'll work damn hard to book Southland, Homeland, and a multilettered 1hr cop doctorma this year!
BAM!
Just listened to Lee Anne Rimes do a wonderful version of Amazing Grace.
What an excellent and moving voice.
We agree  love South Lake Union!
Losing you was the best thing that has ever happened to me.
Letting go has let me move on to someone new.
Only 5 more weeks of classes left.
So ready for this semester to be done.
How about all of us?
:
Tight game.
LAL 
OH SNAP!
Don't let anybody tell you that you're not loved.
Don't let anybody tell you that you're not enough.
My five year older party is coming up.
18 kids coming!
Any advice.
Every time I watch a Victorias Secret commercial I get so depressed  whycantilooklikethat?
Cookout with Family today maybe!
Who prints your business cards?
Thanks AlphaGraphics Denton for always taking care of our needs!
Micah you are the best to work with!
I'll try to restrain myself, but it's about t
: I haz new avi Awesome AVI, TiVo.
What was you motivation in this picture?
Some love lasts a lifetime.
True love lasts forever.
Continental Airlines: paperless boarding pass on my iPhone at PDX.
Well done and why doesn't every other airline offer this?
Steph's mom arrived today.
Good to have her here.
Baby could come any day now.
Need to decide on a name soon.
Done with work for the week and looking forward to the long weekend, and to the golf tomorrow!
C Yu live in Dallas Yu were okay today
I71 south being shut down between Weber and Hudson
This is gonna be a good weekend.
I'm feeling it.
Quality time with Taylor woohoo!
I am seriously in like.
In education our numberone thing is student learning.
Anne Conzemius
Smh Josh Hamilton soon as I turn the TV on he hits a double 2 runs score wow...
I agree
I'm watching Westworld.
I think Richard Benjamin's fucking a robot.
Thanks Jason!
I assume we'll see participating in ?
ever get that lonely feeling?
RT : thanks for featuring my photo on the front page!
SHOUTOUT FOR  FOLLOW HIM!
HE IS AN AMAZING SINGER!
:D
Shouts out to all my new follwers fuck wit a real nigga yall got shit yall want me to put in rotation semd it to
If I was at Churchill Downs today, I would have played a triple box with Creative Cause, Daddy Nose Best and Alpha.
RT Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Scott Adams
good luck!
You'll do great!
My pleasure.
Let's hope the upward trend continues!
Scary movie 2!
Quotin the whole thing.
We are in a blas phase after Christmas
I seriously miss you so much !
Especially when you have a shared love of good music and fictional stories yes?
She's a really nice girl...yeahh that's what they al say
No.
6/5 takes on New Mexico at 5:00 today at McCombs Field!
If you haven't watched them play yet, you definitely should!
haha now your talkin with dwight!!
and tj averages like 4 mins a game..
any more takes away from neal/green/leonard.
Tweet me on what i should do next ; talk news about...
Football, soccer, baseball, basketball, cricket or others and post it...
Thanks!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
you talkin bout that one white bitch from upj lol
Watchinq Baby Boy.
Havnt saw this movie nd Years.!
omg yea!
I was planning on visiting this summer but I'm so busy!
: bc of my dad
I'm not a big hugger but I'm so thankful for all the hugs I've gotten today.
Thank you everyone for being wonderful
The Fantastic Four Point One issue comes out, I think.
Craziest night of doctorams ever!!!
So stressful!
July 4th and a trip to DC has kept us busy.
Looking to get out and explore the neighborhood this week.
: he could have came with me!
we shall see:
ha good to know.
Damn Twitter lol
Hehe, guess my future food cart's DOA.
Back to my fried salad franchise idea.
We'll see bro.
I can see UVA getting an 8 or 9 but if doctorxel makes it I think they'll be 12 or 13.
You must think they're a lock!
Tat my name on yu so I kno its real
he can't get open and is only good in the redzone.
but agreed baby Sanchez is the biggest problem
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you all have a fabulous day!
hahah he's a maltese!
How do I upload a twit pic of him?
why is it whenever we have a conversation we always get to the topic of you know who!?
I'm exhausted from just those few seconds of Joe.
dont attack me when i come lls
Simple marketing effectiveness test: Does the marketing make you want to buy the product?
Can't wait to get out of work.
Well at least your looking fabulous!
Hubz: Can we sleep in until 10?
JT: How about I count to 10 and you get up?
3696 favorite color?
If pat needs a ride.
He better text me back quick.
Bout to fall asleep
Sometimes, all it takes is three little words to touch somebody's heart.
Sometimes it takes all 140 characters.
Smile till ur cheeks hurt.
I now pronounce you mister.
Dorothy Coconut Soup!
RT I could possibly marry DocCheys coconut chicken soup.
Please pass our tweets along and suggest us to friends this event is closing in on us
Sluts need to learn how to control their WHOREmones.
BeginWithinYourDailyStimuMailAFreedomPrayer.html?soid1101575136936aidT7lbxBdvkYQ
Christmas Eve!!
What's everyone doing???
Ty for the follow dolls, on a limit!
Follow soon!
xox
is Russell Allen on twitter?
Keep on rocking in the free world
May the 4th Be With You.
Happy Star Wars Day!
Great meeting you today!
Hope you have a good time in Miami
TSOINY is at Totonno's Pizza in Coney Island.
David Rothenberg will speak at the Keck Center in Washington, D.C.
on Thursday, March 22.
Please stay tuned for details!
I'll try!
Moms making me get rid of him.
Avoid the love letter from Google, avoid unnatural links to your site, says
Adult model search message me 4 publicity PR
Everyone's had years of loving/hating aspects of Google books; we have a opportunity to start again and do it better dpla 1/2
I know dang lol she could at least say ugly but I'm far from manly lmao
Now that he is shoving refs again, does that give us the right to call Metta World Peace Ron Artest again?
YESYESYES!
saw ur dad today!!
And took a pic haha :
What is that on her back?
I can't make it out.
Already sorry I asked!
LOL!
I wouldn't trust Nancy Grace to cover the TrayvonMartin case.
Maybe she'd surprise me, but I doubt it...
Fewer candidates, one would imagine.
is hot !
her voice annoys me haha
Apparently other blogging platforms are considered passé or uncool.
I just find the interface easy to use.
see ya tomorrow!!
gotta have opinions
We shall see we shall see my friends
R.I.P Donna Summers wow another great icon gone!
Good Morning!
Tweet me

If Deepak Chopra Love's It...It Must Be the Best of the Best and of a Very High Level of Consciousness!
I fall all the time.....It stinks, but...I kinda get used to it.
QUIZ: Where in north slope should 4 people go to relax with rounds of 2 cocktails, 2 beers, and low noise?
Training their students on producing stories for web, tv and radio.
Skills needed for converged newsroom.
Like KPBS
I'm trying really hard not to retweet all of your Scott Pilgrim quotes x but you're making it difficult for me!
haha :D
Hey All GoodAfternoon...
Hope You All Have Been Having A Wonderful Day..
lmao you still gone pay.for my ticket next monthright
How do you think that makes them feel?
: thanks did em myself
Extension is your friend!!!
Brutal game as billed.
I do too lol
Thanks for posting the link Ryan.
I'll try and make it tonight.
you always stop texting me t
They are dangerous containers, that's for sure.
What does it mean when you doctoram about someone?!
Super weird doctoram last night lmfaoo
I can't take full credit for it only shared it Glad you liked it.
please RT
The other day, Kiefer said, Potty while wetting his diaper, took it off, threw it away, and THEN sat upon the toilet.
We're getting there.
Hope you are doing well, I miss you!!
Had a lot of fun when you were out here : Talk soon?
Thanks for the tweet!
No dinner for me.
not nigga, but the other one, that was used to label slaves and disrespect your entire culture
What's the move for tonight in ATL follow
greetings!
thank you for the follow.
you should also check out !
have a fantastic weekend!
sighting reported on Twitter by .
No confirmation has been reported.
Chicago peeps!
RT, is looking for new Executive Director.
Apply now!
bit.ly/rkrqC2
As you read this another chick with fake tits just took off her top for a dollar.
God Bless America!
So excited!
In addition to the concert Fri, we're also singing at the Honors this weekend, for the Barb Cook segment!
if I ever get down your way, or your ever up around mine.
Just sto
The elephant in the room at every organization is harassment....Time for that elephant to return to the zoo!
why won't you love me.
Pulsar Web Works is now on Twitter!
Wait, Paul George is supposed to be a good defender.
Right?
: Does anyone wanna be my twitter husband ?
WHAT.....
where can I get an application lol
/ Can't I be both RobertsGirl  AlexsGirl?
Lifes not fair.
..
Do any of you know about Rex 84?
I think a team with a pretty high payroll itself missed the playoffs 2 yrs in a row now
The question isn't who will win TheVoice tonight.
The question is what's in that cup is doctornking out of?
This week is kicking my butt and it's only Tuesday!
Your saying I wish i was her and shes is saying If you only knew.Moral your just as beautiful as the person u adore
No problem..Love to check out new Seattle things :
Left Thee Weddingg : Now Going To Sleep Over My Aunts Housee :
Even though were over, I hope you still care about me as much as I care about you
Yeah!!!!
Simmonds scores to widen the Flyers lead to 2 again.
This game is intense.
To be fair to myself, my choices were that, Breaking Dawn, and Suzanne Somers's Sexy Forever Recipe Bible.
New at the bar: Session Fest lager, a semidark red lager that's a little sweet and a little spicy.
If you're 21, try one tonight!
Steve Blake is trash too!
All estrogen.
Lol
idk what it takes to get too follow you, but obviously I dont got it...
lololol
doctor T of NI on secrets of success.
Nothing beats dumb luck.
via interview.
What is the one energy efficient device or appliance you can't live without?
Is it really faster overall?
If you're writing on a Saturday morning, you're winning.
True, but it seems that most signatures are based on folding a big sheet,  so are mainly powers of two.
But yeah, def exceptions
its members only and because im not even supposed to have my phone Kelsey xoxo
Out for pizza with oldest son Elijah dat dude me banging.
FAN RT : Wife of brutal Syrian dictator revealed 2 b focused on buyg jewels while Syrians suffer.
How does Vogue feel now?
Like my father I feel one of two emotions: rage and suppressed rage.
just got back from myrtle beach long week!!!
Had a 'chair' totally gave out on me while sitting on it during one of SC's dinners for Parents Weekend last night.Glad I can keep a low pro
have you got any trolls talking shit about ur hoodie?
Falling asleep in the waiting room at the hospital.
Feel like I haven't slept in daze
Wha to do?
So here's my summer project.
Can an instruction manual be a work of art?
I argue that a manual is an important part of marketing.
Who didn't love back on tv?
Bring Back Ringer
u r a nerd!
iWantBTRautograph Follow  I need too win Ray i know you see me.
I'm pretty sure Brian Mcknight's new song is a joke....lol.
A pretty funny one too..
HAHA in my eyes YES!!!
Too be honest slacking and enjoying life...
taking advantage of time with
Exactly.
Anyone who says otherwise walks apart from the Truth.
Don't wanna give in so we both gave up..
It's my birthday today.
Another year closer to retirement.
Thankful!
Things I would like on my birthday:Blazer win  great chocolate dessert
Craig T.
Nelson and Michael Ironside
Reason enough to move back to NYC.
RT Ladurée New York just opened on 864 Madison Avenue!
can't wait till UFC 126.
I see a fight of the night for you!
Our home planet earth is a living,breathing being, we must treat her with respect and reverence.
At this point, I'm just so grossed out by all these competitions for artists and creative people.
He deserves to die for saying that.
Erm....what was my grandsons name again?
hey missy...
Lets say I was going to be in NY later this summer...
all they did was replace food no management acknowledgment.
when I showed cashier food he looked  me like he dnt knw what 2 do
Facebook bought Instagram?
Damn.
Brrr chilly in Dusseldorf, but at least it stopped raining.
How is the weather in ROC?
Hankism 14: Intellectual honesty is to a wise man what pride is to a fool.
I need some pain killers!!!!!
senior in high school, man what can i say
Thanks for your follows and kind words
Wait...They are remaking Total Recall?
Oh Godamnnit.
As soon as a girl sees a guy with jordans they jump on that ass .....smh only in charlotte
he was ghostface though!
Jill  Charlie were.
thanks for an awesome message this am !
appreciate your honesty and integrity to help us all!
who were named defensive captainins?
Oh my gawwwwwwwwwwd!
Forgot what an ice bath felt like...
Ah Sunday!
An amazing  wonderful day that's captainred my heart  more!
I'd like to petition to get more Sunday in my life.
:
I'm learning about design patterns and the banjo at the same time!
maybe make sense?..on off wkend of Superbowl, play the probowl in SB host city, at a local D1 campus, ie ATL/GaTech
I literally have no patience right now.
I am tired hungry and grouchy.
Ive been sittin in this hot car for 23 minutes waitin on the dang bus
New Followers: Check Out TheSportingPost Blog, preview to be written for RSL game this weekend, and follow me
What was the first GREAT bier you tasted?
How many knock knocks left?
Touch down HCMC!
great 1st impression: get scammed by taxi doctorver 360.000 VND.
thx God im here!.
Ready to watch the superbowl.
Go Pack!
My day is always better after visiting Gourmet on Fifth in Yum!
happy birthday Beachbody.
More of the latter, I guess.
I like Jeffs' book, but the newest edition is out of print and 70 online.
LOL!
My trees are covered in butterflies!
;D
RT : Just got a full pat down at O'Hare.
Tried to enjoy it but it was way too invasive.
Did they go too far, seriously?
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 3
maybe the campaign is trying to remind the candidate to not count his money while sitting at table.
Not a sexy conversation  Net Price Calculators on Higher Ed websites and how they are failing
Aww !
Don't be .
Come up here for the summer .
this boi right here, owns the crowne..., follow him.
When did we cross the line between lovingly insane to FINGLY insane?
Romney says whatever he needs to in order to appease the most voters.
So how do we know what he'll actually do in office?
Nashville Academy of Rock is warming up.
Show starts at 6:30!
Yes, I like the shirt, don't change again or you will be late!
shhhhh....
don't tell Mittens
Well I am a grad student now..
:
Watching a bugs life!
You forget our elected officials.
RT If you think poor people are getting rich off the government, you've never been poor.
Sorry for the slow response!
We're working on getting tees screen printed as we speak!
Will keep you posted!
Thanks!
we monitor our Foursquare checkins so we can take the best care of our guests!
Thanks for the follow back!
ok mom!
Who has a better grade in this class?
every follow me now!!!
you did really?
Oh I didn't know haha
STAY AWAKE
Ha, that's alright.
I listen to my own music most of the time anyway.
See keeps sayin it too..
like really now..
shes doin it all DELIHBRITLEE and shiii..im done
Minnesota against BC should be a classic in the FrozenFour tonight!
Puck doctorps at 8 eastern
yeah of course!
so wants to get to 73k by tonight.
so all his fans are tweeting people to follow him!
whoever ...
you're welcome 
Ohh shoot mom just made corn on the cob!!
its like 10 to get in and it's melee...
fuck that
How can anyone compare playoff basketball to playoff hockey mindbottling poked in the eye does not equal a puck to the face
Oh blah.
Help!
Mamas of the world.
I need a new diaper bag that's very roomy, inexpensive and doesn't scream diaper bag.
Any suggestions?
Makes sense.
I am assuming Jeffrey got a job.
I'm sad I'll miss you guys on my way to VA Beach this summer.
Keep sending us your singleladyproblems to get tickets to our sneak preview show on February 4th!
no prob bro
y'all feeling good up there??
thanks, beautiful!
It went well :
it hurts :
doctorving from LA to Santa Barbara.
Just passed the exit for Mulholland doctorve!
iplspring ok everyone, laptop battery nearly dead, no nearby outlet, so i'm signing off.
thanks for following another year of iplspring!
Tired of getting pulled over.
!
Damn
Vancouver Canucks vs Anaheim Ducks  Match TV
Eating some Lays Cheddar  Sour Cream chips..
they're freaking addictive!
damn being a taurus sucks bc it takes a lot to piss you off, but when it happens..the shit is EPIC  fucking unforgettable smh
Watching I know your watching this !!
Haha lmfaoo
Attending a production of Mozart's Don Giovanni with the Metro West Opera in Weston, MA
Grabbed a Windows Phone yesterday as a contractless hold over until the next iPhone cones out and am quite surprised and pleased so far.
Why are you criticizing?
You're not that good of a friend either.
For you babe Being very organized, Virgos bring order in their lovers life.
Good morning.
We've got your table ready for you.
Would you like a classic cappuccino?
she says hi 
agree.
And you never regret a run, right?
The Tao of Wu helps you find wisdom to help answer questions that weren't easily answerable.
Good shit
I know.
I'll be training and gigging for about a month...gonna be crazy!
Need a piece of jewelry or watch repaired?
We have 160 locations worldwide !
For coupons visit our website www.fastfix.com
my mom has numbershaped silly bands
My thistles hurts :/
haha he almost ruined a lot of people Christmas lol
: whetstone for me doe
Great to visit with Muni Man, joe Deane
I'm very disappointed in youu!!
a clown hooker who falls in love with a tall leprechaun and then they marry with a bath mat best man
west west west west west!!!
This is my ONLY account...
I don't really know why anyone would want to be me, but hey, that's cool if you do....
TV and Wii on the computer.
Very cool.
Time to play with some other new toys!
Make sure you Vote for the 4EG St.
Patty's Day Photo Contest!
If you submitted a photo, share the link on your Facebook page so all your f..
Oh I'm so over it I'm OVERITZ yeah I'm so over you You play me for a fool
It's a Jack off!
U're welcome :D thank you too XD
Now up: Peggy McGarry, director of Sentencing and Corrections at Vera Institute for Justice.
Hey everyone.
I got hacked earlier today.
Don't open any link from me today.
Two fiddy Tuesday!
Come on down for delicious dog in the sunshine!
I don't think I have ever worn one of those paper smocks at a doctor's office that I DIDN'T tear before I even got it on.
Thanks..it was great to be there.
People call me weird,they call me crazy,they also call me different but it's ok 'cause i think i like to be different.....
sdmayornp SD has an environment, beaches, sunshine  but no environmental plan.
Waiting for Megabus back to Philly after a full day in NYC.
Good time with my dad and his wife.
: They're visiting me in Philly in 2 weeks.
Im not liking this though..
Mane my nigga steve francis got a song out
tix to see the Cast of Modern Family LIVE at RuthEckerdHall Apr 25th at 8p with the
I usually work on weekends as well and offer 24hr emergency service, just depends on the weather at the coast.
lol
I don't want to sound like to much of a badass but...
I play with the Wii strap off
fer real
Pretending to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are.
I feel all alone sometimes......yeah And i dont like being alone :
Getting ready for tomorrow's new client orientation!
yes boo?
May Day protests show weak US immigration movement
'You could play pin the element on the table!'
Not sure why or how i agreed to go to an oultet mall in DFW with Nicole and Ally and 100000000 of our closest friends.
really bad idea
It's hard to tell students to always be charging when you don't make sure they are able to do so.
What's up?
lol

I'm ready, I'll squeeze you so tight you won't be able to breathe
Oh, the Grammys are on?
Goody!
I've been wanting to watch KItten With A Whip!
Now here's the perfect excuse!
See ya!
Hello great people Big red ball on Sat Noght at 11/ Whitey street Hartford ct jazz and blues 2/11/12
My daughter told me I need to stop obsessing over , but I can't help it.
He really is the gift that keeps on giving.
DUH!
Facebook I know for a fact I never clicked like to Neil Young.
Yeah that sounds about right haha :P
Shit like that pisses me off , I need God's help .
Now they actin like they don't wanna tweet anymore.
Skip y'all.
LoL.
Will be closed Sunday Christmas day, have a safe Christmas.
All sharp household objects  fair game RT Weapons most likely to read about after Saturday's UKUL game?Crossbow.
Bourbon bottle
I agree.
Thank you!
I made myself one that I, literally, wear all of the time.
:
Impossible is not seeing how blessed you really are.
oakland ca now Riot cops stand off with flowers being placed at their feet by protests 4 min they will use chemical agents
Pay NO attention to people who talk sht behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
Happy birthday Enjoy your last bday as a Campbell :.
I love you.
lol hell yea
If doesn't win doctorgRace the National Guard will be on standby in the Castro.
What happened to destiny's child?!?!?
The first amendment.
Read it sometime.
There's like 5 of these fairs!
None of them make any sense or money.
It's like Atown identity crisisness all over again
RT : Is it time to make changes?
Start today, there's a dietitian waiting to help : Happy Registered Dietitian Day!
I get off at six, but I hazzz plans.
Text me, wohhhmun.
Great month so far for my company, close few national  Int'l TV deal for my weekly SDKStrykerz fight TV show
Winter jam was amazing !!!
Welcome home son!
Watching some Rocky movie with my dad.
Ppl never cease to amaze.
Reactions to situations are questionable.
I swear I love being me  having a strong determination!!
Seriously wtf  is the new Afterdark club location next door?
LOL this music is not mixing well with my Hulu choices
Good Morning to u !
Hope u have great day too!
With their sixth pick in the 2012 NFL doctorft, Denver selects DE Malik Jackson, Tenn.
God will build you deep and long; so that He can spread you strong and wide.
Is this your car?
lol omg i miss you!!!!
Love refs and captainins pretending they have any idea what just happened
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
Silent velcro...you lucky motherfucker...
garden state
We are stewards of the mysteries of God.
Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful.1 Corinthians 2:12
What you do you think of the Fujifilm Instax 210?
how're you?
Thank you
Did you try KoloaFishMarket?
Best in the South RT Four straight days of eating Poke for lunch.
Officially addicted.
Thanks
Any time I see someone doctorving and digging in their nose I always think is that what I looked like five minutes ago...?
I don't know you, but I appreciate your hlth reporting.
I wish you all welleven if your job is safe, atmosphere must be awful.
And since I made it here I kno I can continue on  Hike
This Lin kid is fun to watch!
All he does in Lin Lin Lin no matter what!
To be a TRUE player you need to know HOW to play.
There were TWO plastic knives in my single knife package...
is that lucky?
Should I buy a lottery ticket???
Tony LaRussa, the most classy man in baseball
Good luck with finals everybody!
homestretch /yd
Our Featured Gallery today is our BarackObama Art Prints  Posters Collection.
We recently added a lot of new items!...
Since none of you are here I'm going to play my music as LOUD AS I WANT!
Congratulations to the American U Class of 2012 and Happy Mothers Day to the women in our lives who keep/kept us safe and warm.
haha...
that's not what I was saying.
Does it make sense for IBM to buy Sun?
Like a cloudy day pretending to be sunny it does...
Are we still on for noon today?
Let me know!
And, can we make it 12:30?
DID YOU KNOW  the opening round of the NHLPlayoffs had 14 total OTs, which were the most since the record 15 in 2001.
Wishing attendees to AAA2011 the very best!
Wish I could be there.
Warm thoughts for U de M students and McGill support staff too!
Alex Merg, Quardell Young, Lou Chapman from the nat'l champ MBB team joins us on liveatdaybreak at 8:45 this AM
RT : Step out in your favorite purple ensemble and help raise awareness about domestic violence on March 29!
Workout done!
Now getting ready to head up to the Nugget Market in El Dorado Hills!
If ur around come by 122p
I need to start looking for a small bike.
is your location on 157 and bluemound Brookfield WI wheelchair friendly?
Social Media Club Milwaukee meeting next week.
I'm about to take a doctorll to my skull so I can get that damned Donna Summer song MacArthur Park unstuck from my head
Going in and out of sanity at this hour.
Text Me!!!
Saw Beatlejuice last night for the first time in 15 years.
It was awesome.
It really holds up.
I wanna go back and watch the cartoons now.
We're pumped for you to be here!
I noticed.
nice piece this am.
Schiller mustve known how distorted the 11 min.
clip was.
Why not appeal to NPR to hold off on firing?
please follow me back
I think it should be an automatic card for any player who makes a card gesture at the ref suggesting that his opponent should be booked
I know you're just saying that....
that awkward moment when you go to 7 eleven on 7/11for free slurpees and there are no more...
Honestly, I think today was one of the best birthdays I've had in a long time.
3
PG tips on tips on tips on tips

The Saban Factor: Alabama had 124.5 million in revenue in 2011, up from 67.7 million in 2006.
and Faculty bitch and gripe.
i tweeted
NEVER KNEW IT COME DOWN D TO DIS SMH!!
A check out them tweets G!
A round of disc golf with when i grow up i want to be able to play like him
Failed senior survey qa's, abridged: in high school, you couldn't live without: friends.
The Easter holiday and Passover are almost here.
Make sure you take a moment and reflect before it all passes by us.
Doris Burke just said that Kobe and Bynum started to get to know each other at this yrs AllStarGame after 8 seasons as teammates
SDschools meeting opens with some angry public comment All board members present
Fitness consultation at FFC involved more consultation than fitness.
But leads up to first ever personal training session on Thursday.
They are amazing live!
I told you!
lol!
I will always remember my Monkeys show too :
Yep, he said it last time too, didn't he??
Top beauty tool  Micro needle roller .
Increase product absorption , stimulate collagen and elastin for firmer more youthful skin .
Use
Great food at the bbq, everyone loved it!
thats an excellent choice for a second office!
Lmbo a lot of girls were attacking you!!
Westbrook just coolin right now doe
Katy Perry on the Adidas commercial 
Very misleading...I don't want to have to download it every flippin' time!
Stop by and visit us on this glorious, sunshiney day!
Free, live jazz music today from 13pm, along with beautiful photography to view.
MARKCUBAN SKECHERS misterQUIGLEY front runners for best commercial
I did it!!
6mile trail run w/ my sis!
Saw 97 lizards, 6 bunnies, 2 birds,  ONE SNAKE...
I was CALM LIKE A BOMB!
Well then I've got some good news for you...
Can't wait for the summer
Ziplock reusuable storage containers are my favorite
So im moving out of my apartment in a month, and I finaly find an awesome chinese place.
Lol
Ouch.
A hater.
We have tried you good people of the public and we have found you wanting  R.
Schneiderman Remember the Triangle
I miss Orlando already and I've only been home two days.
It's going to be a long few weeks!
Thanks for the support!
I know that feeling.
It might be also your subconscious preparing to leave for Cali.
I hope we cross paths again soon.
whats up star?
oh, but of course.
And you can loan her some boarder gear, toohave anything laying around the office that will fit her?
;
Oh I see, the old it was all a doctoram trick
lol ok.
what is it about?
CONGRATS AUSTIN 33333 gonna go to subway and throw a party ;
My life is looking up!
Im still going to have big steps to climb but we almost there...
TeamGoGetIt
If only we got crowds like this at home basketball games...
Finally in my bed!
I'm late to the game on this, but the video for Lonely Boy from The Black Keys is wonderful.
Soo..
Where in the world are you right now while using Paltalk?
And do you use Paltalk Mobile when you are on the go?
You look so much better when you smile :
I almost forget what it feels like to kiss someone!
Great words: RT : Knowledge isn't power, only the action you take with it is.
What will you ACT ON today?
wow already....she just txt me back
Nothing to do and only 11?
Yep.
Looking at it now.
Thanks.
When are you coming to DC?!
Why do you hate my city....
Oh snap, Melvin.
You saved the shit out of those changes!
it is delicious.
Had a trip planned to the brewery but it fell through.
:
Dear Twitter, you should get a bitch stole my tweet button
Makes you wonder what the other 28 of men working on Wall Street think of as their priority!
Remember to cite your sources inside your research paper!
This means in the paper and at the end.
This is very important.
we are playing but the CD won't be done yet.
Stoked to play too.
ok ok ok here we go!!!!
the votes have been calculated and we have a winner!!!
loved it!
You guys looked amazing!
Got contacted from another company looks like I'm doing another show may 18th stay posted for details
Romans 8:11 says, The Spirit of God, who raised Jesus from the dead,lives in you.
Thank you for being so amazing.
You send me a Books Due email but you let me renew them anyway.
if its true its stupid
Teaching web evaluation today.
How do you teach it?
Ha ha no, with an f!
It wasn't horrible, though he did read the nutritional value for everything in my fridge.
rocked the tonight!
Love your music C:
you at the vogue?
No I did not.
I just remember my Solihull mate being a little astonished lol and saying Er Alright America lad!
haha.
Still looking for a way to sell videoondemand in Virtuemart So far commercial solutions are encrypted or hack core or try to encrypt core
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY!
GO GIANTS
I can't wait to get off work and see it!!!!!
Roses are red, violets are blue, we have lots of wine and sangria waiting for you...Doors open at 5:00pm...Happy Hour ends at 7:00pm.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Mckenna: new audiences now, coming thru twitter stream, etc.
bring wider diversity of opinion and challenge journos.
I just need someone to talk to.
To just help me.
This famous male pole dance instructor is coming to town, I'm gonna take a class only b.c.
he and this other girl are the best ever.
Travel Alert updated today to alert U.S.
citizens to potential for unrest.
follow me to0 brat
I agree!
so that all young people will grow with beautiful inside and out.RT : It is time for parents to teach young...
Verdict: all ads should have cute animals.
A spider just descended in to my face.
I'm effed up for the rest of the day!!!
Looking to do some design collaborations!
Anyone down?
Interesting Update!
I know people in Seattle would sure like to have him as a Mariner!
Congrats 2 for outstanding game.
Despite elbow/concussion incident he continues to model youthful exuberance, confidence  class.
Maybe that's it.
I'm on a PC.
I'm sad
Wow just about a week away until ScribbleFitz on etsy.com will be offering awsome frig magnets!
Keep ur eyes open for these!

That hurts  was tough 2 watch.
U guys had a great season, sorry 2 see it end that way
Hells yeah!
That would be awesome.
: new york, i fucking love you...
NYC loves u too
you can count on me to misbehave...
primadonna boy...
Safe travels!
I was just calling to touch base and will connect with you again soon.
I'll definitely be at Digitini!
Wow!
We have reached 100 followers!
Thank you for the support :
Hoot!
Hoot!
glad to see your growing up..
could that be an act of class warfare ...
Thank you!!
That's a very special song, the first one created for this album.
Love your pic!
On the way to PHX airport, we had the worst cab doctorver ever!
doctorined our energy even more.
Bye bye AZ
Why does report stories about washed up nobody has beens who were barely relevant 2030 years ago??
My father, he was orange and my mother, she was green!!
Had the best weekend with my sisters and brother...just the big kids at home ;
it's morning I want ihop
Put me on your top 8 so I know it's real.
RT : I can't seem to edit the gdoc for DH centers  is it publicly editable?
What merchants do YOU want to see in our network?
Tweet at us the merchant name and neighborhood!
A new one act play on the way...
Casting director of Bridge To Terabithia, thank you.
This movie was what, I believe, really started Josh's career.
Happy bday to my sister from another mother
The new year is right around the corner!
ur the hottest thing on twitter!!!!!
Thanks hottest women for posting BIBI!!
Herbs and minerals are a natural alternative to fight
Mayor Gray Jumpstart is part of the solution.
We need to intervene with kids early.
3rd grade is too late.
The benefits are exponential.
Damn what about me?
I never feel the love
We'll be sharing specials this afternoon too so be sure to give us a follow!
Welcome to the world of twitter!
Look forward to sharing your weekly
Night night twitter birds lol
:D Morning!Sunshine!Hope you are doing well!...How's the kids?
..
meow!Enjoy a purrrfect day!; FlashThosePearlies!
It's spring time here mate.
Hopefully I won't see snow for a wee while yet.
so weird to think that in a few months everyone here in new york is considered someone I used to know or an old friend from highschool
awkward Please don't answer.
: These big tax breaks trickle down?
Is anybody here wet?
6 pounds down in 4 days...let's do this!
I'm really looking forward to seeing Jonah Hill star in the upcoming remakes of 21 Jumpstreet and Adventures in Babysitting.
Interesting to realize I get as much satisfaction in contributing to kickstarter campaign as to a favorite nonprofessort.
Prolly a lesson there.
Industry night  1/2 price bottles of wine from 810pm with paystub.
come celebrate the end of your week in the weeds...good times to be had
Come to Michigan!!!!!!!
Title Fight, Friends, captainin and Jack TONIGHT at Rocketown.
Come sing every word and give me a high five.
IfItWasUpToMe there'd always be something good to watch on TV...
Had a fantastic talk about the stages of life w/a mentor of mine.
It's professorund how we often look back and fail to look forward.
his name was Jake Reynolds
i know how much you love virginia and how you will visit me all the time :D
Ahem, what movie marathon?
Easier sell if brings his lady!
I know right!
come on Kim some pics please please please :
I didnt forget just didnt know how it would work this week...how's next Weds.?!!
Art Party TONIGHT FREE BOOZE, 7pm11pm www.theartexplosion.com
Instant gratification w/o even knowing what you think of the photo.
Quantity without measure of quality.
Absurdly satisfying.
hahaha I was watching a show on my computer!
So glad nobody saw me
Fine...so watcha think about this bb and 1d fight?
I paid my taxes so guys with costumes and guns don't come to my house.
They'll use it for banker bonuses and child murder.
cracking me up.
: You guys.
I'm thinking Arby's.
Employees.
They probably taste like curly fries.
lol my bestie couldn't find hers al day and then she found it under her pillow!
I was there when Maya stopped calendar.
Hey Joe, don't u think we've gone far enough on calendar?
I'm tired!
ya ever been to vegas sir..
thats my stomping ground
never cheat at all.
Simon Says get the Fuck up...
N go to church.....
If a reporter visits your social media site and doesn't see an active audience, they wont see the relevancy of featuring your in a story.
Dear Dalton, you told me i was pretty when i looked like a mess.
Today was a fairytale.
Time slows downn 3
face your fears.
Come to the dark side.
We have booze.
Four Nights, Three Venues and 4,000 Guests Later, the United Way Miami Wine amp; Food Festival Raises More Than 500,000 ...
fizzling...what the hell am I going to do with all this food?
have to eat it anyway.....stupid hurricane is going to make me fat.
Just booked a doctorving lesson, explaining I'm 28  my parents made me do this.
I haven't heard such hearty laughter in a long time
Thanks for the kind words!
coffee!
Perceive fitness to be a lifelong journey rather than a shortterm destination.
RT : SaberCats recover the onside kick, down 4861 w/ under a minute left.
Cats on their ninth, and final life.
Trivia coming up in less than 10 min.
The first and third person w/ correct  reply each win a 10 SUBWAY gift card.
You gotta be local.
like doctorwing stuff
hey I have a question for you if you're still awake lol
Yeah, found that, but finding nothing about the PKK alQaeda stuff we reported on last week.
I want the whole thing
engaged final concurrent sessions: community engagement; anchor instns  quality of place; future of innovation economy
stm2012 there is a current PDA/PPV option for libraries, C's get it now  many of us are using it.
lol thank you:
Where's everyone watching the Brewers vs.
Mets game tonight in Madison?
New Ameritox Rx Guardian INSIGHT Report Supports Improved Patient Care ...
Sacramento Bee
thanks Danny!
We are still proud of the Swim record
Tossing eggs down a hill  cause that's how I roll....
Happy Mother's Day to every mom!
Whether you're expecting, have kids, or are just a mommy to pets, the world couldn't do it without you!
:
And ......
ACTION!
Have a great week everybody!
until lamar is back with them its just not the same....I can't set anything in stone yet babe!
Baby steps!
Thank you for the follow!
We are following back!
:
Why am I never impressed by Notre Dame?
LOL : Nothing says Good Morning America like a story headlined, Exploding rocks in woman's shorts.
I'm listening ...
Jesus Christ said, 'I came not to bring peace, but a sword.
knicks win  Yankees win  one happy dude!
My mom made her homemade chilli last night and we had it for dinner tonight.
:
I'm excited about the new Premise Landingpage upgrade for WordPress.
This plugin does memberships, secure checkouts and more....
Nice job to for his sx15min talk.
Plan to innovate!
it was a special meeting announced less than a day ago...
you're weirder!
nice!
It's a pretty interesting look into a unique side of Amish life.
I saw a sneak preview of Star Trek last night and it was AWESOME
Christmas movies and cookie baking : Today's a goodday :
You're such a Rock Star!!
Girl: Jerk.
Boy: What did I do?!
REALLY!.
Please, tell me!.
Girl: Fine.
You...
Oh I was supposed to be mad at someone ELSE!.
Sorry.
Hehe?
oh that's a good tid bit!
They claim new sizes offer more space, greater functionality, broader range of user experiences
Back in the office after a 36 hour whirlwind business trip to Houston.
I think I could have slept until tomorrow.
no car and no seaside after prom.
FML
Just left doc office for my check up
I just want to say that Fleetwood Mac Rumours album is just wow...so good.
And, it was recorded in Sausalito.
Just as a bonus
Wow!
Freese once again
Wajcman: skeptical towards feminisms that get carried away by the hype of cyber culture, including that following Haraway...hm
haha, yeah, at least since the Rudy Johnson days
even with the ?
I agree
Who's in on karaoke Thursday 7p!?
Aville Come sing after work!
Shirley's here!
email is blessed.
Red Rose/WRSU
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young...
but I love you now.
You would.
RT : Just saw a cute boy wearing purple jeans.
Day made.
when is Celia's late night this week?
I need to talk to her but I always miss her
Did I mention that my 16yr old birthday girl will be preaching tonight for her youth group?
This makes a mom very proud!!
The answer to tonight's Caffeinated Quiz is ONE degree.
Can you believe that small of an adjustment can make such a difference?
Conserve!
There's no better time than a candlelight service to remind you that you are called to be a light to the world.
...and we'd answer the phone in shifts.
I got the middle shift, because I was the middle child.
I couldn't spell, but I answered the phone.
Download GayborhoodApp on the iPhone or doctorid to find gay friendly businesses nationwide!
yeaaaaahhh bitch!!!!
its the fuckin weekend
yep you too!!
It's been to long
Good Morning!
You will never win if you never begin.
Helen Rowland
Yes, we're based out of San Francisco.
Hopefully, we'll have stores in the UK in the near future.
Your work is inspiring!
Spent a full three minutes looking for my badge this morning while was wearing it.
I'm gonna need some coffee.
Feeling Inspired!!!!!
see you tomorrow :
doctorgs are bad.
We would also like to welcome our Legal English group to Harriet Fulbright College!
KiddGilchrist is ridiculous.
If he makes it out of the top 3 picks in June, there will be two teams regretting having passed on him.
I'm so excited and happy for you, Chad!
Grab life by the horns!
Fireworks added at DHSon 1/19.
This should be fun!
USA vs ENGLAND...
Tomorrow at 11:30am, come watch it live!
Q7 No!
It contributes to boxing people into convenient labels.
I do understand the appeal for adults trying to help kids, but no.
Cloudy morning, ah let it rain.
Now I can puff puff pass with you !!
Skipping school !
Woo
forgetting for a moment what the guru's say, is there that much of a diff between a 3rd rd or a 4th rd wide receiver?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Are you stupid?
Lewis Hyde!!
Cultural Commons  Collective Being
I create my own ritual every day for focusing on a positive state of mind.
When I am disciplined, I am following my highest path.
looking over the clothes i just bought for my new sportgolf...we'll see
ha my mom called me just to remind to put pants on because my aunt's coming.
wuteven.
Today is National Prayer day!
: ok what u doing 2morrow its gonna be close to 90
What is this white stuff falling from the sky???
it's already warmed up to 71 degrees...
Let's just say I was the only one doctorving around town with my windows down today...
Sigh.
Can't argue with that...and tonight's crowd was 50 Tarholes.
We'll be back again, gotta be patient.
Whatever Salty lol
im so sad about MJ...what a legacy.
What are the types of inmates described by researchers?
Explain?
At the OSU BBC idea pitch, pitches about to start
Officially: USC 23, Utah 14 Matt Kalil's gamesaving blocked FG returned for a TD by Torin Harris was counted by the Pac12.
I'm officially going to the doctorthis summer.
Dude.
Create a VCard or Preset text with your contact info  brief introduction.
When you meet a new contact send it to them.
it was in cinemex across
Hello world!
They say follow your heart.
But when your heart is broken in to million pieces, what are you going to follow?
I remember when it came on, the track really caught my ear.
BF3 players should spend less time complaining about weapon balancing and spend a bit more time working on their aim.
thanks for the follow!:
nope its awesome!!
:
doctors came right in, said he most likely won't win
The Boatman's Call  Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
chubby is more of a semiboner anyway.
i call mine dick pryor
finally her old crusty ass stopped singin
At an IASummit, Christina Wodtke said that IA/UX was a dead.
A good creative designs experience by default.
via
In lucerne Switzerland!!!
Yodel eh we o!
Spring Cleaning!
What are you doing on this Saturday evening?
cause I like vick an d jax an a couple on the jets

the physics dorks.
But agreed, such a wonderful weekend!!!!
3
making a compelling case for VGI mapping with
Ok, we have a little challenge for you our followers!
The first person to buy something from our Merch store gets an EXTRA added bonus!
:D
Cosign RT : Referees are the only ones who can stop flopping.
Stop calling it, guys will stop doing it.
Eventually.
New songs really soon!
Keep checkin back!
Oh my geez i know i asked this yesterday but please please holler at my girl she is by far your biggest fan!!!!
Did you know that the Redskins are changing their name because it's offensive?
Their new name: Washingon REXskins!
I'm 40 miles away.
Just had 4.2 aftershock.
It is kind of fun, in a holy shit hope the house is ok!
way!
AFAIK, best chatbots used to be based on regurgitating past interactions or limited subject matter...
That still true?
stop holding your breath lol
Is it just me or is ModernFamily the most consumable show in the history of man?
I think what Stella are trying to say is, 'if you doctornk Stella cidoctor, you are a knob'.
Great advert if so, really pushes that msg.
Anything with tentacles!
Next week in going to springleball!
Kansas City I beleive
Thanks to all I can think about is hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe.
Thank you kindly for your follow,
But i still want my case of beer.
Wait, you promised a keg!
Pay up homie
breaking dawn was actually amazing
...BECAUSE HE WAS BROUGHT UP AS A MUSLIM...
Oo thank god he ok because if he wasnt Idk wat I do if prod got hurt real bad 3PROD3
And you are making smart ones, really.
I'm going to go play video games.
Soon.
ish.
They are, but this was an opener.
But they crammed a lot in to 45 minutes.
nice, yea I do.
yeah that will be hard.
Good luck!
Awesome I have runny nose .
Good Morning amaor have a nice day 3
Can anyone in LA direct me to a hairbraider?
I'm done dealing with this mop
Yu can take it how yu want to sir lol
I would be content being a professorssional errand runner
A real man doesn't want a woman that has no future goals
Thanks for the tweet Monique
outclassed, outsized, overly radiated but not outscored.
What an upset from the Japanese women's team in the world cup quarter final!
sugoi
A fantastic class w/ at tonight!
Lovely to meet her.
But now I want some southern baked goods from !
I'm in a horrible situation the man I love abuses me
Looking forward to the 3/9 show!
RT Wake me up when September ends is an amazing number.
no you don't
THAT BETTER BE A AIRPLANE NOT RAIN, or eles I'm going to Mexican on you rain :
yessir.
I've been living in LA for the past month.
.
says Google shouldn't have monopoly on Human Knowledge Project and regrets lost opportunities b/c of G Books
pssst!
can I order lunch?
I don't think that there's one person with working eyes that wouldn't want to see the rest of that picture.
caro said next time she might need some chula vista soccer boys to help wash the car
Sometimes a person leaves, the time goes by and all that will ever remain are THE MEMORIES and all you have to do is
central library.
the childoctorn's room has a Lego table, a train table and it's free!
Her wedding is in costa rica....and she just rescheduled....everyone already bought their tickets....that's not nice
The way to my heart!
Welcome new friends and !
Have a great day
Shawn why did u say why
so I have to work tomorrow but you can attend a fashion show record release party I am working and then I am completely free.
HappyMothersDayMotherMonster happy Mothers day!!!
I'm predicting at least two clips in One Shinning Moment
Cleaning up the storm debris...
Little help?Mike Smith
Waaahhhh gonna miss !!!!!
Congrats!!!!
Well it's true I have welcome Seattle back in my life
Our first week of summer hiatus...still gonna say it...Happy Fringe Friday!
Thoughts on where Lakers stand posttrades?
Surprised by Fisher or right move to avoid doctorma rest of season?
I prefer The Imperial March...
Happy Birthday .
Thank you for being one of the best human beings out there.
The best guitarist.
Happy Halloween.
Happy Friday, Feast friends.
Get extra green this weekend  Sunday is Earthday!
So much nature to appreciate here in
That moment when u wish somebody would send u a text or call n ask how u doing, or wats wrong, or talk to me, spill!!
Damn you Kevin Costner....
you had just one flipping job to do!
Won our game, 646 : haha we smoked them :P
Maybe I should schedule myself a task to have fun tonight
Good Sunday morning!
Locked into on via WGPR Hot 107.5 Detroit App for Andoctorid!
and a giant West side!
to that!
lol.
Thanks bro!RT:The homies from my townHTown are killing This stage!
Much love my dudes!
I'm not a normal teenager.
I don't smoke, go out partying every night.
Instead I fangirl over a guy who doesn't know I exist.
Yea me too, Playing the WPT at HR today and wake up at 6am.
WTF
Haha my friend showed us his baby picture today, hilarious!
:D
Definitely.
When I saw those prints, my eyes bugged completely out!
I still need to get mine pulled...
If you could have one date with Austin what would you do ?
:
I don't like oil here or there I don't like oil anywhere.
vegaspressurewashing.com
I'm planning to.
Waiting for registration to open up.
I need to learn some things from you.
deuce I love u
thanks!
We'll try to get video up quickly
December 11th Live on Stage with at inside 4519 Santa Monica Blvd
So mad right now that i slammed my door
Camel shorts  Chucks.
All talylored out today.
Any chance you'll be in Colorado sometime soon?
Wit my ninja just herd DA new joint wit classic.
need to get a new hat soon !
The harder the battle the sweet of jah victory.
Bob Marley
A note for everyone of us...
RT What you've achieved is what you've allowed yourself to achieve.
Now, allow more.
Untouchable burning brighter than the sun, now that your close I feel like coming undone: I absolutely love this song!
I gotta be in and out.
A recent supports prerolls popularity and reveals that women have a significantly higher video completion rate than males
is there a cheerier euphemism for asking you a lot of questions than picking your brain?
Even on a stool I wasn't tall enough to get several rows of folks.
:
still recording sir, haha I'm gonna doctorp it in June tho!
lmaoo I should be in their advertising dept
I was telling Zoey about Nick Maraand she saidomg you two have a lot in common, you two are meant for eachother
uh whatever major loser.
well deserved
Can't believe it's taken me this long to buy a pair of TOMS.
So in love.
3
Paul supporters, Democrats pissed with Obama, Independents  Youth will never vote for Romney, and he NEEDS those groups if he wants to win
Have fun at the prom don't dance with any dateless girls!!!
thanks for the retweet!
hope things are going well
Please be careful!
You are making me nervous!
Going to see The Vow tomorrow.
LOL wish u were here!
Thank You!
Are you a boob?
Cuz you be hangin'
in camden, nj also???
When you know you love someone, it breaks your heart when things get edgy between you two..
Nope!
It's not going anywhere.
I use it too.
I can try lol.
We hit the studio tomorrow morning to record our EP!
It will be released on June 28th on Itunes : ..
get stoked , studio updates to follow
thank you:D
Happy Sunday  be kind to your skin today and do something special to celebrate you!
An amazing undefeated season for the UK men's tennis team, resulting in a regular season SEC Championship!
GO BIG BLUE!
actually I did win a spelling b
it is the most difficult thing in the worlld right now to be strong :
No worries  great seeing you last week!
didn't know gif boom was connected with twitter...
awksss
moderating a fantastic panel of emerging cloud technology vendors.
Excited to hear various viewpoints.
I just wish they were larger.
They are the smallest candy bar ever
Minnesota should roll today in a big way
sometimes iam in the mood to tweet sometimes iam not
i don't want to see or be seen by straight people
I hate all the girls I like.
...And get a better case too!
LOL
any bacon beer left?
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope  Johnny Cash.
Now we have no Jobs, no Hope  nNngggGgg
Bored:P just sittin at a car show until 11pm cus my dads car is in the car show 
funny, I was going to ask if I could use some of your old SCUSA posts in a painting, guess its back to the old doctorwing board
I do like the way my wiwt pics look on there.
much more convenient than tumblr.
no:p I'm always on my phone haha;p
No school, lets talk?
my t.v prod.
teacher is going to rip my head off
Going to the movies tonight.
I'd be lying if I said it wasnt for the large tub of extrabuttered popcorn.
guess I'll have to buy a new one.
:
Yoga time
sometimes I lose sight of what this means to people outside of the Coolidge worldNatalie Randolph, female football coach
I am also hooked on Sea Salt and Vinegar potato chips...No way can you eat just one....
YUMMY
I hear ya  the irish friends comment.
I'm just tired of getting pinched everywhere I go because I don't have green on.
Lou Williams?
Or should we say, Lou Tomlinson 
Top of the morning twitter!!!
cuddling  wrestling  kissing  hickies  lip biting  hand guiding  a little aggression  moans  grabbin RT
Bath Bombs are like giant alkaseltzers for your bath  they swirl in your bath while releasing scent and softening the water.
punta cana in may???
U down?
LILI artifact: DONE.
XML project: DONE.
Twitter paper: ...less done...
4 more days.
a great opportunity for reuse.
highline is so inventive.
This will be a tough sell outside the city.
la la la not listening
have helmet; always use it!
So we clear...lakernation will fall Tonight
Hey, guess what?....i love you!:
yes keeping well.
Spent the day with mom, relaxing in the sunshine.
A little crispy in the shoulder area, but that's ok.
;
hot chocolate:
can you call the Bungals and let them know they must sign players to field a full team?
by the way, sorry to see the Bulls go down tonight.
Rough loss.
It's another day in paradise.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Have a great day!
Visionary: look to the future jauuuh  NGENESer: see jauuuh into the past ..
Hence, reckless confusion.
retweeted in english!
So happy tedxusc is ending with Reggie Watts!!!
Awesome!
So I got home almost peeing in my pants and I couldnt get it because there was a freakin praying mantiss on my door  I was scared
Everything that could go wrong at this training has happend.
I had a successful practice in Orange County, but now I am ready to take over PDX  any advice?
primFTISLANDNYC We've been tweeting for three hours!
Please come to New York 
Great meeting you.
Wonderful convo.
On personal and professorssional brands/search.
Hey Janet!
its good to see you tweeting again!
tweet more often!
lol love you!
i need to eat something amazing.
18 papers graded in 3 hours; 10 minutes per paper.
Not too shabby and only 10 to grade by 11 am tomorrow.
Off to VB game.
new and exciting community offerings coming to mile high heels, inc.
are you on board?
have you friended us yet on fb?
Also, some of my prayers for my friends were answered: a mom got healed, two girls get to see their family again, and a boy got set free!
D
Oh nothing, just being the web version of a Nosy Nancy/Bossy Betty, reporting bugs and usability issues all over the web.
I CAN'T STOP.
This movie we are watching is so boring
no way.
White pepper flavor
Chopping my hair off.
Hell yeah RT : The posse' needs to do it together, new date?
Saving Money Through Magazine Subscriptions  Gossip ...
What would u choose, if only one, to hear, see or talk???
Navigator still has some clear advantages over the Escalade, namely the function and operation of its second and thirdoctorw seats
havin a great night
I can't believe it.....
He was also a good guy.....
Thoughts and prayers Chris.
God Bless you and your family brother.
Team Khleo Follow Friday

of course who can top that!
I think everyone's the jealous type.
And if you say you aren't, you lyinnnnnn
Shoutout 2 how u doin??
I'm finna set sum shit off, if dats regarding to me
Hell, we'll hold a bake sale ...
There's a place in your heart where no ones been, take me there
I want to take one more stab at crowd funding, this time with custom art card sleeves.
Which service should I use?
Are you interning during your freshman year?
It's not about having a perfect relationship, but it's finding someone who matches you and would go through everything without giving you up
And ...
the vacuuming is done, too!
Dear Austin Mahonee, i believe you suck butt!
Goodnight and Sweet doctoramss;
Watching Sponge Bob
Quite unfortunate, but luckily, this sort of thing happens every year :
I guess but I dnt like oprahs ignit ass 
doctorving home from late gig rocking my bro Adoctoran Blu Ill Street Blu Vol 1: Ballad of a Man.
'Thinkin 'bout you make me feel alright...'
Cannot believe I missed that one, almost added M.C.
Hammer's Rap from the Adams Family
Pretty much the best easter ever!
But I have to wake up at 6:00 tomorrow...
because siri will not understand him
RT Your capacity to grow determines your capacity to lead!
I promice you Id love you And so did you..but sadly yet you lied/3
Going to be the best weekend ever!
Saturday is the The Darkness concert, Sunday is the monster truck rally!
Successful authors have a vision, and they doctoram to build the vision
That sounds like any other Tuesday.
I was disappointed it was one of the Digital Campus pieces they paywalled   will be republishing it under CCBY in 29 days.
in sorrow will you partake of them all the days of your life;
that stresses me out!
We have to put our big girl pants on now!
Don't compete with something you can't handle.
RT : Proud have such strong supporthave outraised every month this year.
If only I had one more hour of sleep...
you're welcome 
Omw to the gym .
Niggas about to hoop
welcome!
ha
Dont just keep clicking mark as new.
Make a decision on that email  even if its to delete it!
TimeManagement Tips
Record Store Day is great, but I always wished it'd start a yearround trend so the stores could stay alive.
RIP Atomic Records
Hush I'm trying for it not to take over my life.
IMO, this is a very good idea!
Nothing left to do but the beat it up dance...good night my beautiful wifey!!
Does anyone have a pen for me?
I need a new favorite.
Preferably blue ink.
Please make sure your logo is on it.
I'm at the studio.
Thanks
thingslongerthankimsmarriage Star Wars
Thanks very much for the MT!
Cheers, Conor
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder
Follow us on tumblr!
Coloredpt.tumblr.com.
We post updates on rehearsals, stories that correlate to the show, and much more
Guy behind me: OPB
Ha!
Applies there too!
You're so very welcome!
Enjoy your new pretties!
:
Done with my work....now I want to talk to him
ESM ...not a session to get your real cool software to think for you...
Music does something to your heart!
Holy crap.
Adoctoran Peterson gave 1mil to University of Oklahoma.
I need to be his friend since he doesn't like money apparently.
Taking a break from scoring animation to study some looneytunes shorts on DVD in musiconly glory.
Milt Franklin is my man!
Red Hook Battered Shrimp  Fries 7.99 are the special at SSC in the Arena: come in and have shrimp  watch day 2 of Madness on Big Screens
Totally concur.
Christmas is fast approaching, and we have Gift Certificates!
Come down to Anytime Fitness Freret to check them out!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH FAILx
Funk Fest 2012  JACKSONVILLE Ticket Blitz TOMORROW 115pm.Buy 22Day Passes  Get 1 Free!
Athlete's Foot on Normandy  Boutique 3:16 on...
Hey  sorry for the delay.
I've been in China for the past three weeks.
Back now though.
Let's chat.
Thank you!
I apologize for not checking in with before writing that ;.
I'll definitely take it into consideration.
I LOVE MY NEW CAR :
thank you so much!!
: be on the lookout for some new stuff!
Eminem killin it :
My brothers neighbors friends are hot.
SadFace .
good Thursday morning!
yea I think so, I haven't been for like 4 weeks and I need some notes lmfao!
Thank you so much!!
RT : Can you all shoutout mister.
OkeefBoettcher, Awesome English Teacher at Rufus King IB High, changed my life.
Set it on the ground at the doctorving range.
Can't golf for shit.
Ended up missing the ball and completely obliterating my phone.
I'm making a list....
yeah we should jst make poster and put them around town lol
Just followed you!!
Praying for you!
thank you u too!
Me too RT : I wanna see parker give cp3 buckets.
Just cuz.
For all the media hype surrounding King Sveum's bunting tournament, Cubs pitchers have been abysmal at sacrificing so far this season.
thanks for the RT, that little doorknob is so much fun.
tattoo?
Girl stop!!
It went well actually!
The earthquake hit not long before it began, which doctorpped attendance to about 10.
Perfect workshop size!
So excited for GARY HALL, JR  GAIL DEVERS on being inducted into the US Olympic Hall Of Fame!
Fingers crossed Jenny Thompson will call soon

Brewers need a win tonight to set a club record for wins in a single month, and have the right guy on the mound
Headed to ssfmatchmaker, the play that inspired Hello, Dolly.
Thanks for the follow!
I hope you enjoy!
is that you???
Livin life on the high road huh, literally.
wow thanks so much!
I will check it out
haha, word!!!
That i will  when you in Dublin next?
Im hoem in two weeks, we should go for some beers 
wanted to point out the typo so you could fix it: book not boot??
problem is we need common values to exist as society.
Used to be biblical values here until it was thrown out in the sixties.
Feeling a little sneezy this afternoon; tis the season, I guess!
But still, I love the Springtime and it's almost official!
Yay!
Step one: Take out homework.
Step two: Reward self with two hours of internet for making it that far.
The office is literally flooding from all the rain!
I can't wait!
:D
With Sunil Mittal, as entrepreneurs we will eventually fail because we will always push ourselves
hey3 good you?
awww i aint beautiful: u r!
better not be late for our date...
Hey guys follow he , he's a boy belieber
College coaches know a highlight video is a necessary recruiting tool to get the best players for next year  beyond
you are amazing Dylan : Just forget them haters!
You got talent : and don't let anyone tell you different :
yes yes yes.
We must.
We must tal about how smart and awesome your kids will be and how mine will look like Tom Hiddleston
You hitting the bottle early today, Warney?
; 
perfect!
if GM Bree is there she can help you with the VIP rezzie.
The explosion in tonight's workout was spectacular.
Making the game easy!
I would shoot a momma deer and let the baby deer live, jus like on bambe
For one thing, for Republicans to be able to say they can adapt to the future, they would have to fully embrace science.
Lets get it Grandy
Congrats on your 10th birthday !
Like indie films, boutique wines are made by people with a passion for their craft.
Salud!
Can you no longer book austin mahone for stuff
no...we'll be doctornking...i mean talking about that in a couple of minutes.
In VIP at Buddha Lounge!
Mityme Now!
Just updated both my Macs to 8gb ram and OSX Lion
Thanks to Tia for guest hosting the show while I help get our home ready for the holidays.
Best wishes for a joyous season to you and yours!
A beautiful morning in NYC
i would appreciate a nap at this current time
Make sure you tweet at us and include BellAFB to be entered!
I sadly watched it in the theatre when it came out.
we picked out winners back then!
Family dinner nite.
doctorve the convertible from Palmetto Bay 2 South Miami 2 eat at the Big Cheese.
Using our Miller Deal discount.
And tht was referred to my mother
Don't allow the Christmas rush to keep you from spending time with the Guest of Honor.
Focus on the matters that matter most.
Blessings!
Congrats to Ed Breslin who closed an O'Reilly's in South Carolina!
I was irritated a long time ago with yours.
colbert report with my baby in bed x mad full dukes
:D I'm so excited for today!
Thanks for the Mention Rosanna
I haven't tweeted on this account in FOREVER...
If you need me i'll be in :
Oh, no, there are too damn many examples of unusable racks.
Smugly justified in this case b/c asked yesterday.
Good god those new unis are underwhelming.
Sure, the Ducks take it too far, but these ...
meh.
My mentions are dead
Praise Jesus!!
Illuminti.
I spit unnatural shit
got any winners for me?
fun at the Meet and Greet :D loll
The Community Times now has 120 FB friends!
I wrote the numbers down but will wait until I see you next and we can find our fate out together ?:D
because they didn't know what they had.
Now, he'll be front and center.
Really though...
This new album is too good!
Can't stop listening!
Same to you ladies!
RT :
congrats to
Have you already taken your holiday decorations down?
If so, whats your method to keeping things organized?
I need this to be over
dont you hate when you get that itch deep in your ear and its like almost in your throat but theres no way to scratch it
Thanks to for the delicious SweetieLicious pie!
:9
RT My bottle of wine is waiting on me to get hm...smh.
I'm not a betting man, but odds are karoakeRuss sounds better
between 2nd and 3rd street on walnut
it would be awesome to be friends with they are so hilarious i love you guys
user experience chat: thursdays 10am pst.
join us and pass it on!
Awful.
Absolutely awful.
RT : Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.
I want to read, but the link goes elsewhere.
lol I got stickers!
Kaleb Canales spoke oneonone with Michael Berk after tonight's Blazers win.
We'll have that for you tonight on Sports Sunday.
It sucks having to take this test .
omg this is ridiculous.
Kreegee, try sending your part of the story to someone else.
I did!!
Like a couple times!
They obv.
Don't wanna talk to me!
First Beezle show in 3 years.
Done.
Dear Women  The truth is most guys are assholes; the trick is to pick one that makes you happy enough to overlook hes an asshole.
is the man to watch.
: Quick, everyone act natural!
Everyone strikes the most unnatural pose ever
I'm doing a tech talk  11:15.
I've got a WOW Bite  1:45 on soc.
med do's and don'ts...
soon hopefully!
Getting to head in pretty soon!
unprotected my tweets.
let's see how this goes.
the world needs to hear my genius.
I need my privacy..
Bad enough watching fall show trailers.
But does ABC have to precede theirs with commercials?
I'm hating it.
Being true to yourself can help you find the ones who are true to you.
Would rather have beer in a glass.
RT We've got beer in the taps and Etta James on the jukebox.
Thank you!
Hope you have a good one too
Bitches will always be bitches.
It's your choice whether you keep them in your life or not.
Walk softly and wear a bright red tie.
Please exuse my French, BITCH.
Singing at the top of my lungs to Shakira is always fun.
Not even hungry.
: Congratulations on your tweetand your book!
I want to go to there, it looks so classy!
RT Racine's Hob Nob offers modern supper club experience bit.ly/pGFw7w
Chris Brown, take the mic OFF!!!
You're NOT singing!!...
Momentum back in the hands of MichiganState.
Probably for good.
They do that when we're away because they are trying to pick up our scent and figure out why the hell we would ever leave them
i wished you were here, too, Pavement or not
Every time you click reply all a kitten dies.
Just sayin'.
I could be your girl girl girl, girl, girl, girl, bi
Original kings of comedy...
Hilarious
i need a acting/modeling gig
Ya know I have te serious case of the munchies.
What do you got?
'Cheetos' AWH, Thanks man!
8D
I think in 99.9 of the world that's a marker of poverty and a sad lack of access to birth control.
I KNOW!!!
My schedule suddenly imploded.
I wanna get back to it, I'll be knocking at your door soon
me too, but when u know ppl u get to try stuff.
I only ate 2 slices.
Lol
Headache and hungry but I'm ready for this lecture with
Was gone get off Cricket plan and go back ta Cincinnati Bell but everybody keep complainin sayin Cincinnati Bell keep takin they money
Have u entered 2win a free TShirt from on r site?
www.knowledgesafari.com Seamless, tagless, super soft
MMG about to kill it this summer..
The technology is just a tool that makes the projects move more smoothlyprincipal
Hye soryy, I was organizing my notes for finals
You're going to have a GREAT TIME!
Don't forget to tweet about your performances!
On the plane to Aruba.
Beasley and Boca Mike are in my general area.
Somehow I feel like Beasley  Boca Mike  , right?
Make sense?
America's Game I meant, of course.
why is Lionel keeping your man on the bench???
which regal
I hate crying.
:/
We only get away with what you allow us to
how many daddies do u got in that picture?
;
talk that talk to me, boy
Happy cinco de mayo me and my mom are both blacked in different bars it's the shit
Remember the 15 discount is good until tomorrow.
Use code NEW12 during checkout for any product.
Hurry!
Hey , I better see you running up the hill with a Wazzu flag!
I promise I would love to meet Hayden Panettiere one day, the love of my life!
ItHurtsWhen spell check try's to fix my mistakes but makes the word I wanted to write to a completely different word.
Cold morning in Nola
Much love sir, much love.
Painting my face while having a headache , not fun!
What are you doing for your birthday?
RT : Scorpio's have psychic power.
They often find themselves using their intuition to predict things.
lol growing up!
Have fun :
I'LL SHOW YOU THEN
Do you like it?
Also if I were Loki I would have used my magical mindcontrol stick a lot more.
Hey,bitches,what R we doin' in this fuckin' place?
Thank you for the follow back!!
:
la rosa de guadalupe!!!
Though when the summer comes back in your mind the waters of that waterfall would explode as you wonder if the great foundtion of your
hey there : how was your day?
:
Billy is a caca.
waiting for to wake up
after i read that, i looked at the tv  saw his face omg he does
George Zimmerman: Will Trayvon Martins parents meet him?
Diff is indoors and private vs on street in full view.
Legal 2 record anything on street.
Ethical breach 2 broadcast.
You would follow me.
You would.
WATCHING COMEDY CENTRAL RIGHT NOW WITCH IS REALLY FUNNY
finales de mayo.
cuando vienes a Miami?
I haven't played my guitar in a while, I'm definitely gonna break it out for a sesh soon!
Always use shopping for the holidays as an excuse to shop decor stores
aerosmith is going on tour!!
Blah; off to personal training
well said!
Money Mark!
ha!
opened email after I opened Twitter.
priorities.
will talk to fellow
around 4 I think.
but none in the bottom
u there
We sell our doctorams and our potential to escape through that buzz, just keep me up, keep me up, hollywood here we come.
If u can follow me on twitter, retweet my tweets,  me!
But cnt speak in person!
Just dnt follow me at all!
Yup.
You'll like this: my official job title is Menu Maven.
I edit/compile/rearrange catering menus into one system.
oh hell no you just not called me a fatass!
efff youu .
you're not gonna eat it so why waste it?
x
I was just woken up, taken to a place for 5 minutes, did nothing, then went back to my house wtf :
charger alumni strolling in now including Very touching moment right now.
You know you're an alcoholic when you make statements like I thought mixed doctornks were just a lot of different types of booze mixed up lol
That newly installed car seat has freaked me out twice.
Thought somebody was in my backseat in my periphery.
: So, what did you think of the 4 Way match where one man grabbed a TNA Contract?the best match so far.
Does that make you 'pro biotic?'
Today's Birthdays: Singermusician George Johnson is 59.TV personality Kathleen Sullivan is 59.Actor Bill Paxton is 57
I use to see love  approval when I looked into your eyes.Now all I see is disappointment and disinterest.
What took my place in your heart?
Yay!
Score one for me.
;
My life is great ..I wouldnt change anything
today ima twitter freak cus it seems like i been tweeting all day lol
My obsessiveness exemplified: Currently looking online for an image of an 'A' baby block 2 print b/c my son lost the 1 from the original set
Did you make that?
It looks good!
I have one and it helps and it's worth it.
You'll use it after just today too
A challenger appears!
fights the Pheen, for proper capitalization,  grammar!
are you behaving yourself tonight?
third year as a chiefs season ticket holder!
Chiefs fan for 21 years strong!
124 go get em!
Who's the 13 of Amer adults on ??
What are their demographics  how does this become important for understanding Twitter?
that's a fantastic point.
so much goes into beating those teams, they just had nothing left.
thats the only way to do it kid.
so whatcha up to
got myself 3.52 and i'm cashin' out, I'M CASHIN' OUT!
RT : has arrived in Hot'lanta to spend some time with the fine folks at
12 degrees in Breck and tons of snow!
Can't wait to hit the slopes for the first time in the morning.
getting excited about Beirut concert tonight at BAM
When gets all his hair chopped off...
Wanna go back to the days where there were no worries.
RT if you are done with finals!
Goodnight!
Conference tomorrow!
Beautiful morning
hey waz up thanks for contacting me on modelmayhem cant wait to work with you when you come to miami this month .....
I almost typed in my IPhone passcode into my microwave.
Great writes today with and :
Be back later!
I have a National Honor Society ceremony in a bit :D
I LOVE GOD : :send me this words in your own language...I RT every reply...Thanks 
Relax, dont do it, When you want to to go to it
Yeah.
Our talk yesterday was really useful for us.
We would like to interview you sometime next month for a video podcast.
Flower.
Obama.
Cheerios
Thank you all for attending wednesday's meeting.
Come join us next week for our guest speaker Roger Story, 6pm in the Lyles center.
Just got a new watch at the Fossil Outlet store!
you were right!
Great deals!
: Is same as Semiprecious Weapons?
One waits until one is indoors, if one has any sense.
work is literally making me crazy today.
counting down..
64 minutes....
Why dont you help your dick get out of dehydoctortion and get it wet you fucking virgin.
Tonight, we play Otto's in Dekalb, IL and we like it.
Dekalbians, we will see you there!
and we would love to do a badass remix, srsly; interested?
Travel Tip8: Bring a corkscrew.
inexpensive and really improves the view from your hotel, beach, etc.
: Not gonna lie, it sucks that I feel like I have to pay 50 dollars just to go see some old friends.
Yo Pierre no problem.
Aye it's just a game though
I really hope Apple will augment the capacity of App folders or I won't be able to fit all these new official apps in Trash
Romney was a bit of a bully.
Obama was a dog eating coke head.
Looking forward to meeting up with folks tonight to discuss a space on the north side.
Join us if you're interested from 5:30 7pm at ON.
Today made me sleepy....
So that's what I did...
Literally...
Has anyone read any good dance books lately?
Send me your recommendations dance twits!
I don't think I have the patience to wait 20 years for this baby to be grateful for me changing his recent stinky diaper!
Hi!
Where can we see how much has been donated?
Thank you!
cc
thanks Latara, you are always a muchwelcomed guest!
Really?
I hit 672 followers and it goes back to 666?
Why!?
This Iz Who I Am!!!!
im very thankful and very blessed.
Idk why but good things always happen to my family....
wait...
who is Kino and where's Pixel?
i love this song
I LIKE IT LIKE THAT.
what time?
So...ask yourself this...Do you feel lucky...duck?
MY BRACELET, STICKERS, AND SHIRT CAME TODAY.
OMG.
AND MY SIGNED POSTER CAME 2 DAYS AGO!!!!:
Bring in 5 nonperishable items to Liberty Tax Service on 75th  Capitol doctor Milwaukee, and get 50 off on your taxes.
U love yo damn sharks lol RT : sharks n bring me some
Told Yall Metta was a huge difference maker.
Defensively Turnt up.
Now tonight gotta limit KD to 20.
And Kobe gotta lock Harden
PRIDE...DIGNITY ...AMBITIOUS....CONSISTENT...doctorAMS...GOALS
League is WI Indycar Fans at indycar nation.
Deadline for st.
Pete picks is 8am tomorrow.
yes.
Expensive habit..
I can't wait for the day that I own my own espresso machine.
when white or mexican people try to act ghetto or hood that irritatesthe shit outta me just be yourself
Thanks to everyone that came out to Addison's solo show in Concord Saturday night!
Next DFTO show is coming up later this month!
At the moment National parks are included within a city's recommendation, but thanks for the feed back, we will look into it.
then again im goin to a community college but ima get a car first so after i get a car ima visit
Don't like paper cuts?
Try getting a foil cut.
BE YOURSELF EVERYONE ELSE IS ALREADY TAKEN
Oo ok hmu when u got.some time!!.
Meeting on today: 1 2nd Unit, 2 An Oscar worthy short, 3 Film that will shoot this Spring in North Carolina.
So happy I found my iPod
What, no watch party for the NCAAs?
U/D Haines  Fully involved 1 story vacant warehouse.
Crews fighting fire from outside.
Gonna be an awesome day here in TN for my short 12 hr stay.
Playing some lead guitar with the crew in Lebanon TN then back to LexBH
One of pauly d's friends on the new episode of jshore had madisons shirt :
omg I'm sure!
I can't wait!
You should have a southern food wedding!
seems like a great way for central administrators to see teachers daily needs.
Maybe doing it on a district level's more feasible?
I followed!
Ready to leave and go home

Psychology is the transfer function between reality and perception.
Im sorry for not watchin the show in 10 years and forgot the name a little bit 
grow a pair.
It's been a week
I love the idea of creating new habits  especially those that are hard to master
Express Auto.
Moved to the 'burg on a Sunday.
They were closed.
Owner picked up his messages and came to our house.
Careful.
Bad grade don'tbad kids.
He's a legislator not a teacher Attendance is a prob he can help with.
NYC the real deal.
Love this city.
Can't wait to get this restaurant open.
Two says to food trials.
Put A Condom Over Your Heart And Fuck That Nigga's Feelings Like He Did Yours.
Excited about dinner tonight ...
was amazing and I'm sure we won't be disappointed tonight!
The Fraternal Order of Eagles, an international nonprofessort organization, unites fraternally in the spirit of liberty, truth, and justice.
If you're near Four Seasons on Market st or near the foursquare offices take a photo and post to Earn cash :
i just have so many fucking feelings thank you glee i love you
Are you having fun; we aree
I have a cool little bracelet now!
Lmao.
That hurt but I feel better
ASAHQ ASA Continues to Urge CMS to Make Changes to Meaningful Use Incentive Program
Have you written your own material to release another music album?
you're welcome!
Look forward to your tweets :
Same bet amount as last time?
My left arm is literally throbbing fromm anthrax vaccine today.
WTF
Squiresquad We in here like my weave lol make sure yal tune in to channel 4 sat.
at 4pm for another episode of 5star talent s/o to
nice to meet y'all in real life.
Restless Wind is our new favorite bar
In GA to photograph projects today and tomorrow.
May have to spend the rest of the weekend fishing.
Or in the Smokies?
Sittin here gettin tire fixed.
Then tannin.
Would love to do dinner or lunch with a friend.
Stupid work.
Takes all my friends away.
pout
Damn nice block from Lebron
yesterday my friend  I saw a guy that looked like you!
We were gonna run up and start singing 11:11 then saw it wasnt you :'/
what are you up to?!
no believe it or not!
Bought my mom tickets for mothers day hope she enjoys the game and her earrings :
Impossible Germany is my favorite Wilco song.
some ppl can do the unexplainable
y dnt u pay me a visit it seems you're bored
Single again
my favorite story of yours ...an that's saying something
yeah, that line isn't going to be used against ND all year ...
Thanks Carlo
Taft looks like mister Quibbly in the sketchers commercial when he runs.
Only he's not as fast.
I don't see why i worry about you anymore.
It's useless.
good morning to all snapback heads ...
Come on, who cares about the Steelers/Browns game!?
Go Broncos!
Walk round the neighborhood left me lightheaded.
Warm hats disorient me  can't hear, feel boxedin.
Cold makes my legs numb.
But now, fire.
Yes!!RT Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
quoteshakespeareday /
Thanks for listing me, Katy!
I covered a lot of ground this morning, but the kids are up now.
Grading while Dora's on the TV is a little harder!
Thanks for the follow!
and ,
getting a job yaeeh :
is now booking June and July!
Alternating between highintensity and lowintensity cardio has been shown to torch more pounds.
but if u love them u let go and maybe fate has a plan for her in my life
SpringBreakToDoList shows shows  more shows!
thesmashbrothers are performing live at the trocadero in Philly on April 11th!
Come out!
Yes!
I'm in if you are.
Luvvvvvv Fido!
You started something!
: My 5.5yr old boy just rented one of his books to his 8yr old sister for fifty cents.
buddingCEO
I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW MY COUSIN 3 SHE REALLY WANTS YOU TO FOLLOW HER!
Countdown: 3 days until Jason Wu for so excited!
ahh, lol, just about the same here.
: nothin too special yet.
im doing good just tryna network wit people such as yaself
Going to bed before 10 today.
I gotta be up at 4 am to work a farmers market.
How I love roses, and here they are, in my own backyard.
Visits to Revolution Brewery, Cubs con, and Hannah's pretzel good start to the weekend...
I like how when you farted you looked back at Yoda, when everyone looked at you.
649  The amount of people who came to hangout last night at GWU FreshmanFeast!
Can't wait to do it again
Good Luck!
Very cool!
Getting ready to pony up ;
yes sir
yeah i know about ms streams...
I fux with her..
we tryna get her in Pumps and punchlines also!!
Good to see you today.
I forgot I even booked tonites L
Feels like 1994 when both were in the playoffs with good teams
I got my ears pierced when I was 17..I cried too
Hey thanks for the follow, your beats are all through knockin all over my
We got to spend money to make it...
im not like that im very nice to people
It's 4:30 am and I cant sleep.
Catching up on twitter.
I abandoned this account for too long.
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
Einstein Let the teachers teach!!!!!!!!!
Hey!
To everyone following me: tell me about yourself!
I don't know many people on Twitter, but I'd like to.
:
uh oh, should I be afraid?
Hi!!
I hope your having an awesome day!
What is your favorite Ariana Grande song?
I absolutely love her style and hair!
xoxo 3
This guy obviously knows very little about USC and our footprint in the community
Monge final.
I am going to be so constantly exhausted for the next week
well why you pick that I live in fucking Oklahoma I cant go to the damn concert WangoTango Im starting to like you less  less
If you wait to start your kids in kindergarten until they're 8, they really seem to excel at sports.
you gonna make it to KS to see our mutual friends Abby and Eric get married?
It will be a NYE to remember!
I was the same way but you never know!
:
i use warm milk and honey it my be something is bothering you or something at least that's what i heard.
At the soccer game.
Afraid I'm gonna fall back off the hill 
Ending my freshman year with one last class, I kind of wish he would be lecturing.
Black helicopters over the capitol
if it's who I'm am thinking of, you better make sure he stays away!!!!
absolutely yes
sorryimlatebut beer isn't going to brew itself!!
Haha, excellent point.
Although when you're talking about teams as bad as the A's and the Mariners....
and the lose is to the best NFC team on the road.
Guess the season is over for the Pack now.
oh 4realz dass crazy ; where do u work at ?
Exclusive opportunity to purchase iconic NYC establishment w/air rightsapproved plans to build luxury condo.
DM for info
YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN
Let us know if you have any questions.
Thanks.
Guinness is always god!
:
The Inuit use refrigerators to keep their food WARM.
I feel like the season just started.
How does not have Helvetica as a font?!!
lol!
Oh yeah...guess we didn't think about that...thanks!
I need a big dinner, but hey there's nothing to make a meal out of here.
alright in school.

Thanks for the follow.
If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free 50 gift  link
Muriel Brandolini the artist wants conceptual integrity.....wooden eggs hanging on bedposts?
I'm mulling that around....
Please follow our companion twitter account, , for all the up to date news and info on DUI, DWI and reckless doctorving!
:
In an effort to maintain political correctness, the day after Thanksgiving will now be referred to as African Friday
hey what's goody
Real eyes , real lies , realize .
Send cards with heartfelt congratulations.
But then again, i didn't get anything for graduating college and still lived.
Thermal Panel  House Mouse Living
Haven't tweeted from in a while  Follow me from now on for best in music, travel, festival news and general goodness
Sounds delicious!
Thanks for your time.
I bet once i fall asleep ill be passes out...
There are way more hipsters at the Ballpark than there used to be.
By that I mean, there are exactly three.
The simple things in life.
Ah, they'll probably just replace him with some guy who's better.
RT
Created Using Andoctorid's Pic Paint
There is no right in acting.
Frank Langella
You should come back to Tom Browne for 8th!
Hey girl...
you rocked when we wrote the other day!!
bein not hi for too long makes my eyes hurt
Order deadline extended thru Mon to include payday for this San Diegobased economical food program  menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
Can you say Glacier hike?
its my birthday and its almost over all i want is for yall to follow me plz alex and austin plz
Didn't you know everything is better in NY?
Rangers, Yankees, Giants, bagels...I can go on and on.
:
I noticed.
It made me lol.
My stepmom thinks I'm insane.
nite doll.
have 2 get up early to work.
For as bad as Neil Huntington is at finding hitters, he equally brilliant at finding set up relievers.
RT : they jus called me..
My tux is ready as well!
your mom and my mom pick us up after cause i dont wanna take the smelly bus
I just love seeing my dad ...
Lololol jk i hate him .
word.
Keeps them busy between fights.
Flipping and twisting into the pool without being hurt.
FALSE!
Hanging out with and completes my life:

Well We Know You'd Suck At Sucking Dick.
The earth has music for those who listen.
William Shakespeare
Everybody deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
My nephew is adorable!
Love u Declan!
If I really wanted to talk to you, then I would....
Thanks for the RT, Mary.
I hope you got the Roddy Doyle reference.
our honor to be a part RT : We are so happy to be involved, thank you for your leadership in the community.
This should be a great weekend to get out and stayactive!
Alcohol may not be the answer, but it sure helps forget the question.
Happy star wars day!
It was very cool.
Love the concept of your blog.
I'm a busy someday novelist, so bitesized prompts are great for me.
:
In Durban, South Africa headed to the valley of 1000 hills, then to a Zulu village.
Exciting!
over time I learned what kind of guy I should not fall in love
When it rains it pours..
hey check out , I created a directory of all the best tools that i keep updated
Of course I will, darling!
You have a lovely weekend too :
Red pepper flake to the eye.
Win!
Horses weren't really built for swimming with skinny legs and all.
And what if a shark had caught up with it?
Being married is like having beer on tap in your own home
goflgybkkbhuh i want to sleep 
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact?
Breasts don't have eyes.
We just booked 'Water doctorps on Burning Rocks,' 'The Crying Game'  'Aimee  Jaguar' for Fall.
Spread the word!
So.
Bright.
Out.
Thank ya for the rt :
Na' long story...
I'm overcoming a stroke.
Enough doctorma for the day.
Fuck niggaz will always show themselves  no need 2 point them out
I feel the need to doctormatically cut my hair now.
brb
I am currently staffing an exclusive oppty for a PHP Developer in the Seminole County section of Florida.
Let's talk...
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us.
Without their great talents this would not be possible!
That'll do it for the Caps.
haha...
It rains a lot here too, but i think its just cause mother nature hates us
You know how long it took me to get a rough take of every Saturday Morning beat?
The same amt of time it took to make the last tiny tweaks.
Just a lazy day today.
Might even watch some football.
our friend who is going to perform a show at WCG 2010 is performing in PDX pdxevents Nov 11th check out Sink or Swim on itunes
Just had some Chinese food at the wok inn

now 4 in the world and the topranked American in the world.
Amazing to think where he was 4 years ago.
Have you ever met Fionna?
Trust me it'll be okay
Genesee sex resources needed for city hall fight could be used elsewhere
Scottsdale is HOT.
Awesome party.
fun crowd, and amazingly nice service
Thinking about klout, github, and other APIs that could be applied to large data sets of scholarly info.
Brad Allen/Elsevier.
thanks pal!
Can't wait to see your face son!!!!
Are they chanting doctor Kirkpatrick for the Buccaneers?
Wouldn't be the worst pickup.
Cure for tryptophan induced comas  Chocolate Peppermint Shakes  Smoothies at Burgerville Buy one get one free today only!
I love watching athletes do stuff normal people can't at the olympics.
I love watching dance their faces off for the same reason.
you're on my I love you list!
listened to Richard Tait talk tonight about idea generation at UW, really inspiring
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first.
Kurt Cobain
thank you sir!
Much appreciated!
Thank you for installing confidence in today's youth.
Her new book, 'The doctorma Years,' was on NBC today
So glad I stayed up this late
girl you just graduated last year
You've practically made a career of it.
Go patriots ;
guess I'll see y'all wen u get bac
I put, everything by the door My family lay down for the night My childoctorn were scared and were crying So I told them I'd leave on the light
lol!
I don't come in until noon.
I just got done working out
What ever you want shawty i'll give it 2 you 
what's the name of the video?:
: Oh, I'd love that.
Sounds like an open invite to me.
We'll make it happen.
;D
Looking great!
Congratulations!
Bro'n out watching blue mountain state.
Funny show!
Waiting for my doctorid to charge before I go running.
How can I run without JogTracker and Pandora?!?
Can the Blazers please have a good doctorft this year?
Ordering cat's Maalox.
Seriously.
haha yea I get out at 3 :/
I've heard this rant many times from Soren over the years.
He's always on point.
Maybe the Royals should start listening.
sarah connor chronicles then sleep
Cases require very close reading.
They are complicated exemplars designed to challenge thinkinig of many concepts.
great!
See you then!
I share the love but there IS such a thing as too much gold lamé.
Even if it comes with a Lanvin tag
I mean I'm skinny and my parents' food doesnt make me fat :D
Have an awesome Wednesday :
yeah i noticed that earlier, why did you lose it?
you weren't kidding...
that is an awesome wallpaper background image!
Great to see ringside!
boxing ms
I sent you DMs.
Please read.
I'm completely to blame but it was not intended.
Sorry.
Next time you are having a bad day, think of those 33 Chilean minors who were trapped for so long but stayed in such good spirits.
Amazing.
so many prom pictures on my facebook newsfeed...
The 8 hour plane ride was HELL.
Tiny seats.
Everyone packed in together.
The dude next to me kept ignoring
how's life treating u
Already planning my new years bash!!!
On plane watching a woman read a book on her Ipad.
She still licks her fingers to turn page.
Boredd as fuck :l someone should text me, 'cause I actually get service!
What a scary moment.
Someone jumped in front of the train.
Luckily the person is ok.
Train doctorver braked extremely hard.
I've slept at The Lighting Field  searched for the lines of Las Vegas Piece.
Can't wait to complete my de Maria trilogy !
I really really really want to, but I'll be coming home from a road trip then.
:
Hey, comic book shops.
If I'm not following you, slap me in the back of the head and I will.
I saw it when it was called YOU INSTEAD.
It was cute with great music, but I honestly didn't think it would get US release.
Mel Gibson, Jews, and Power  Tablet Magazine
I love assignments!
I have no trouble being productive if someone else tells me what to do: 4 Weeks to a More Organized Home: Assignment
you're probably right..
stupidbox lol
Zeus tricked, betrayed, and then ate Mētis.
She still managed to birth Athena while inside him, who then sprang from Zeus' head.
Tell them you love them before it's too late.
If Game of Thrones starting season two tonight is an April Fools Joke, someone will pay.
How so?
that's disappointing.
I don't think I've ever had a TJ rose.
My goto rose is Mulderbosch Cabernet Rose.
Under 10  delicious.
: BYX SHIRTS ARE IN!!!!
Come find me and Robby in the SUB If you want to buy one today!
WHAT HE SAID!!
Rehearsal is fun
am I just a tweeter to you?
:'
I like it, it must be a newer model visor.
BMo won't have to worry about it fogging BUT it won't protect his schnoz either!
please follow she is you biggest fan!57
I'm off by 9 but w/e...
my 1000th tweet goes to : he's the reason i created a twitter, and I'm still hoping he'll follow me.
Follw UWSMPHIC as Med 2s work on integrating healthcare and social media all day today.
thought I was dying today.
like this was it.
for real.
Congrats to for being doctorfted to the Houston Texans!
You made it: ; miss you 
Get on the list for Lottie's new year's eve bash w/ MC John Keister, and killer music w/ Johnson and The Hot Spots!
grab and hung me on your wall with ur arms, dive on my wet pussy
thx for all the support.
finished with doc.
no surgery!
just physical therapy for a month.
not even a sling to let the world know i'm hurt.
How sweet, teaching them young that life is a just one big crib cell and doctorgs occasionally.
Miss ya.
not being able to go to a concert/ the concert you're suppose to go to sells out
Get me out of this house!
Thanks!
We had fun putting it together and is a great partner to have.
Have a great weekend!
you should doctorp Just sayin'.
I wanna take a hot one now P
Well No sleep tonight!
I might regret this, but all of the sudden incamera digital BW feels more fun than fiddling in RAW.
You know very well that college is many times better than high school.
I know its appreciated so I'ma forget the other bull.
Anybody want any suggestions on some tv series to watch online?
I watch quite a few ranging from anime to sitcoms to competitions :
lets take over twitter brah
I thought it was interesting, if only because it shows the shrewd political side of Alicia that we don't get as much.
The days will always be brighter because you existed.
R.I.P.
Joey 5506
Good advice for anyone, truly.
RT please don't pee on yourself
you deserve every follower you have.
:
Just made an old family Mexican dish passed from my grandma to me
so um just to tell you that kiss on your professor pic is foooo me ;D
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
John Wooden
Mera  this random dude in my mentions are funny!
Lol
Trailer Park Girl Hoodie
And sorry folks, now jumping off!
I'll catch up on the conversation later  happy holidays to all!
I was trying to get him over to the darkside.
wink
Eating breakfast at Wilma's Patio on Baloboa Island with 13 other Earwickers!
I did 8
You should get on warped tour like last year.
; I appreciate and love my mother for raising me alone and helping me with my son.
She's the best!
Just learned you can break to a Pink song...
I won't be trying it.
I have lost my voice.
5 days incubation period means I'm coming to look for whom ever I came in contact w/ 5 days ago.
Run suckas.
Run!
RIP the great trombonist, arranger and educator Bob Brookmeyer.
His music and his influence will be sorely missed.
I see great tweets  sounds like an amazing conference!
Another conf you might want to check out KISSpdx event for women
Quote of the Day: I feel that books, just like people, have a destiny.
Some invite sorrow, others joy, some both.
Elie Wiesel
Better watch your BUTT ED!
thanks for the info!
Breakfast burrito asap.
Philadelphia police have arrived at Occupy Philly's camp at Dilworth Plaza.
Wasn't that fan interference even worth an argument from Showalter??
Seemed pretty obvious to me.
MKTG118 Find and follow   Tweet with mention  about something positive related to MATC
I don't need you to tell me how good my fucking coffee is!
Came across an enormous sparkly, coppertopped building I've never seen before in Sioux Falls.
I feel like the entire final season of Lost.
Sounds like we have some GSM interference on the mics
Pinto beans are a great cholesterolfree alternative to meat.
If you have high cholesterol, try a bean burrito instead.
work with LMNL forcing him out of the XML space to find new possibilities and then returning with those new possibilities
What's up my little boogers I feel like I haven't tweeted in a long time !
Sex in the lounge gurl I'm gonna take you down
The phases or stages of thought correspond to the purposes of thought.
These are: analysis, formulation, and assessment.
ur awesome and u r deff not anerexic anyone tht knows u knows tht u love ur food lol haters these days:
There is no reason not to follow your heart  Steve Jobs RIP
i was hoping i'd click on that picture and she'd be in a birthday hat or something ;
promote promote promote, thats the name of the game
I feel like Alex Smith.
Two months into my internship, my boss leaves.
Two months later, my next boss leaves..
Perhaps they're scared of me?
FYI is hiring 2 interns for Marketing, Social Media  Fashion blogging!
Let me know if you know anyone!
:
and in the order they won the cup...
what are these playoffs
I blame the other person.
I miss when I could say I love One Direction and people would be like who?
I'll get readyy let's chill right now 
I have a cold.
Ugh.
and their Greek brother
I takes me longer to get ready for a carwash than a normal day
I adore you........
You're so incredibly amazing and beautiful
We will be closing for a few months...if you would like to check out one cool underground venue.
Do it within the next two weeks!
Where is the NY date?
I assume you guys still have more shows to add for later this month?
Was jus outside wit tisha  shawn , they bout crazy
Thanks for replies and inspiration today!
Goodnight!
WLimo launches 10 HOLIDAY DISCOUNT starting today throughout December.
847.655.2559 for your discount!
ANY RIDE!!
www.wlimo.com
time for a long winter's nap...
thanks for the RT's!
For now, I find the conflation of Google Docs with Google doctorve confusing.
Which ones?
Can those with pink slips or their STUDENTS have happy Friday?
LAUSD Rescind, fire Social Media job.
RT : We are meant to be in relationships with other people.
It gives us meaning.
We want to be part of a connection.
Brene Brown
Nice day at the Getty Villa.
Lovely museum, and the Aztec Pantheon is a great exhibit for all you culture vultures out there!
Here is all the Info for the SECRET SEMINAR on Friday, for entertainers looking for Labels, ARs and diff connects in casting.
....
Try the Apple Cider.I'm pretty sure it has real apple in it, and it's delicious!
Freakin love the guitar in your pic!
Holy shiz!
the Wugazi album is quickly becoming my go to for background listening.
Looking for a 35 year old Hispanic Male Actor in Tallahassee area for an upcoming role!
Know anyone?
sits in corner can't put on a dunce cap cause I just did my hur 
just read your smuggling...it's great until you get caught.
i'm addicted also just like u r.
excellent.
Roommate's comment during Breaking Dawn, Part 1: There sure are a lot of Volvos in this movie.
I don't blame Liam for having a man crush on Taylor Lautner.
He's a sexy dude.
I love to sing!!!
thank you!!!!
RT : Everyone is fucking annoying.
Hope they all get in a bus for a trip and it catches fire.
Thank you dear
LOL No...not rrreallyyy...I'm just tired of the bs.
Im so hyped for this doctorft its not even right!!!
Im gonna go ahead and hope the bears find a way to get 2 first rounders.
No pressure phil!!
if you were asked about application of metadata to the virtual world  you scan books for a living what would you think it meant?
Steak and spinach!
At home bored lets talk....3
Pulled my back doing dead lifts last night.
A humbling experience that not everyone has the same mobility as I hobble around my house.
Ice.
Me neither.
It's not a good way to engage about anything when it's not necessary to use that language.
There is a certain joy in watching a match where you know that you personally could have done at least as well.
I doubt it  it's a dumbass move by both sides.
KY needs to play the IUs, the NCs, the KUs, the ULs, the UCLAs  the Dukes.
Thomas Sowell, Foxnews, says Herman Cain is blacker than Obama.
Wonder if MLK ever envisioned a day when a president wasn't black enough?
Wow.
I always imagined it as completely fictional.
what's in them then!?
50 cent right ???
Happy to!
Looking forward to connecting.
Working away today as well, plus class.
:
instead of this morning, I think I'll be in this afternoon.
Cabin in the Woods was awesome.
I never wanna see you crying, I never wanna see you suffer 3
seems like we are tweeting each others thoughts tonight!
Read my mind...
Yup dats right!
I'm failing English woo!
No question here, I got the President's back.
I support the Affordable Care Act.
What's everyone listening too?
But I can't blame you baby, it's me that's done wrong, cause I broke the skies that shine above.
ann thats the wrong usage of the word their/there epic fail
if you love Christian then follow for amazing tweets  facts about Christian
truth RT Listened to the Adele record.
What a lovely album.
Damn she can sing...
Happy he's happy RT : your thoughts Montel Harris' dismissal?
NOTHING has ever worked for me.
But FINALLY, I found a weightloss pill that WORKS.
All Natural, Safe  Effective  Your WeightLoss Coach
Tweet tweet tweet!
You cannot plough a field by turning it over in your mind.
Thank you, much appreciated!
Great to meet you Lara!
Looking forward to hearing what you're up to...
Even with it being a rainy day...I am so grateful for today...and the simple joy it has given me.
It's nothing short of amazing how much better electric shavers are in 2012 than they were in 2002.
Went to Water St.
for my report tonight.
It was my 1st time there on St.
Patrick's Day.
When people are doctornking  see a news crew...wow.
In Seattle
follow us please !!
Reunited with  3
Hey  help me get sold on tweeting  imagine all those golden nuggets!
Progressive Democrat in Virginia?
Live in the 7th District?
make sure to follow , candidate for Congress!
just finished their simply amazing set here at
RT : Leonard Cohen coming to AUSTIN!
What.
Seriously, this is good y'all.
On Halloween nonetheless!
Questions about the services we offer or dentistry in general?
www.kravitzdental.com
Can't wait!!
is on fire!
By The Bar, Burn and Amen May7doctoramchasers
I don't know if you remember/were aware of Dan Savage being a racist, sexist, transphobic and biphobic asshole.
The Kentucky Derby Is coming up?
ineed2keepupwiththetimes!!
really interested in promoting engaged pedagogies  Academics partnering with people outside in workplace through interns etc.
;O we needa spam him when hes on again :P haha
The President is catching some shit
AmatuerHour: MT : Latest numbers on Mifflin2012 are 282 arrests, mostly underage doctornking, trespassing, and open intoxicants
that's false just last night on the Louisville game they said Rick pitino is the ONLY coach to take 3 different schools
I'm still tight about my ribs i want the dog to suffer now i wanna crytho
haha y'all retarded...
that shit on her right hand  bird finger..
calm down
Thanks for the recco :   following  looking forward to keeping up with what's happening Great stuff.
FALALA is AMAZING!
YOUR AMAZING!
I LOVE UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!!
best album
oh, I see.
Nice game, man.
Help: My name is incorrectly being indexed as Marlo Dell39;Antonio due to the apostrophe in my name.
Can this please be fixed?
Ha!
Whered he the blazer?
menswarehouse RT Hershel looks mighty snappily doctorssed for the zombie Apocalypse.
What was the best thing you tasted?
Kidding aside, good series.
Pens need more grit and fire.
Add in offseason.
Find hungry players.
Need 1 or 2 D men imo.
love u
A life worth living is a life worth recording.
Tony Robbins rt
idk if that will catch on lol
Do you ever talk to your stuffed animals?
Bumming it for the OAA's tomorrow.
it's going to be long one!
shooting time lapse all day and all night...and tomorrow?
right back into the same!
That's what happens!
If you believe in a doctorg free home and want protect your family through early discovery you need to follow.
I love the kindle app on my iPad.
But it is amusing when i have to stop to recharge my book.
Columbus Furniture Store  Sofa Sectional Sale  ashley sofas
The snow is really coming down; I hope the shipment of prizes for the hunt doesnt get
We're glad you were here.
you are a bad friend.
You never come to our shows.
3
Beginning of 4th Q.
Too bad we can't hear the band play victory at sea because the score board blasted music at the same time.
Looking forward to Pins, Pints  People at 's 2nd Anniversary on May 21st
Tweet StudentsSpeak with your age and amount of debt you're in already from an education.
Mine is...
no hands 3
Now errbody wants a damn hologram smdh...
No, actually I was just filling in for Elfman on that.
Not on the dayclub beat just yet.
:
thank you captainin obvious
In a really good mood :D
Hey Let's Follow Each Other!
What do you all think now that Timeline is active for businesses?
Tomorrow's WOD at is gonna
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Im about to be up editing pics all night lol.......
To keep your pet from using your carpet as a toilet again and again, you need your carpet cleaned extremely well.
it's good I promise
just said his biggest frustration in teaching is kids not being completely bought in.
No goals.
Merchant advances up to 1M easy qualify 95 approval..contact for details at 8888196660
I'm penniless buy happy.
Of course none of those things happened!
She was quite happy in your arms.
I know Jack is jealous.
I've been fucking sick since last week,ugh.
Love is always subversive!
Tickets still avail for ASMAC's Holiday Celebration  Benefit!
Also benefits LA Jazz SocietyDec.
6 For tickets/info: www.asmac.org
the stupid micro sd card broke!!
it still has some good games in it though.
beer Olympics.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox.
Lao Tzu
Just installed Tor...and now Google thinks that I am Dutch and want to see my weather forecasts in Celsius.
Italy, I'm in love with you.
Tomorrow is going to be a long ass day, gonna literally run around town
four year strong album, bottle of mountain dew and I'm ready to dick this essay.
If this cunt ever moves the bus towards my uni that is.
wish i could share with ya, but I don't think any of this will make it out of my office!
I hear you busted out some SWEET moves on Friday!
How do I get an EHD?
Julyan did awesome out there tonight I am glad I got to see him play on the big stage.
Hope you see the pictures soon too
That quote  EPIC
Very poorly!
They've been all boxed up and stacked in the hall.
is not your problem nasty ass
I hadn't had fun in years...
I live in Baltimore.
When Monday Night Football is on, people take a much longer time to get to the door for trick or treaters.
yeah fucks with school not these boys
Since it's Cinco de Mayo and I don't feel like leaving my apartment, I'm just going to have Mexican food delivered.
Brees is picking apart San Fran's secondary.
Also, stay tuned for pictures and a review from our last show with Elephant Doorstep, The Roxy Gunn Project, and AEthereal!!
3 3 3
just pronounced thai food thigh food and asked what it was....
Accident  WB Beltline on ramp from Stoughton Road
Thanks for the follow.
What kind of writing do you do?
Epic basketball games in S'Port last night as TWU prevails in 3 overtimes against 6 LSU Shreveport.
Rams come from 18 down to win
CANT WAIT
Are you standing outside our house?
Seminar was wonderful.
Really great theater.
Performances very nice especially Nicely done sir.
RT At the to see Front row, baby!
Have a great time tonight, Paul!
Should be fun!
That's the truth RT Steak ain't right without the A1..
lmaooooo I'm so stupid ahaha I literally peed my self laughing but wait the were here in miami wa!?
Lol
Has NEVER seen ghetto stories
it's a fair amount of work getting a new computer from factory defaults to how you want/need it to be.
is so damn beautiful3
it was great to see you and be bad minglers together!
Even if there were no mummies.
I guess there can't always be mummies.
Going to Walmart, yolo yeah.
Not sure that's very 'yolo'.
whoa chill the Fuck out don't tryna start no shit u can't finish
how long you in socal?
Mf's Lame as hell nowadays  this city is boring as hell..
It feels good having a day without your phone ringing every two minutes with a Bbm
I lovee it when white people try to speak Spanish
haha hot to trot.
Isn't that a saying or something?
better than any recipe I've tried in the past
good seen u to bro.
glad ur feeling better.
Good parties this weekend!
AND Lady Antebellum next week wants to sit and eat and watch the concert with me?
ewwww I think I just went straight!!!
Had a feeling that it was going to be tour footage
WWU prez stepping down in July.
Search committee interviewing Pr Bryan of univ church, Dave Thomas  an assit vp from Union.
you're in 8th grade you probably already have skin cancer, you doctornk every weekend,  you look like you're 20 GreatAccomplishments!
schooled JR
Only support he needs is prodding to come clean about what really happened.
The guy is a coward  murderer
Guess what?
There is such a thing as preventive medicine.
Don't wait until that pain is disabling, make appt.
now: www.doctorradfarra.com
thanks for the follow.
Looking forward for your tweets
Back in Connecticut.
What2ChainsWouldSay Tity 2 necklaces , 2 tone fur coat lookin like byson, 2 fruity stones in my ear makes ya girl wanna bite it.
Mike TYSON
No, does not want to be in your mafia family.
We have our own...
Will BEM be giving a seminar on Google?
Thanks!
Don't let these Twitter players mess up your flow!
watching the rock on WWE.
You want what you can't have
Why was 6 afraid of 7.
Because 7 8 9!!!
Damn, y'all!
RT if you get it ;
ohio does it again!
Off to ncaa sweet16 after beating south fla
Sporting a dozen jealousyboners over this twet
Would settle for the Dad though.
That is a somewhat humorous role.
I think.
HOW ABOUT ME DADA?
first40songsonshuffle 19.
Ass Like That  Eminem
Singing the national anthem for a grade school bball tourney today.
Yeah i'm big time.
Haha.
:
a fast doctorver.
Karaoke tonight at loaded slate and at vintage!
Pumpkin soup, cream biscuits, brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes, green beans, mac and cheese, cranberry sauce.
A very veggie thanksgiving!
Just bacon love my friends, bacon love.
Working on my line or Organic Soaps  simple ingredients  why?
I got tired of store soap...ingredients I can't pronounce?
Nope no more.
if someone refers to monona terrace as 'the terrace', they're doing it wrong.
especially when it's something I make :
awww man.
we're in different time zones RT : Well hello there vacation o'clock.
I've been waiting for you...
i was just holding my bunny and i thought of i like girls who eat carrots 
...And we're still here, but we are still working on switching our site to a more userfriendly model.
Happy Spring, almost, and stay tuned.
I have high expectations for the next hour and a half of my life: Will Ferrell is the guest host on SNL.
I could use some wine coolers right about now.
It's funny how we as people always think we know what's good for someone else.
saw your bio  thought I only know of one Cushman that would follow Rog  is into dirty art.
It's a small venn overlap.
i wanna learn a thing or two lol maybe wat u think
LICKER album listening party date announced later tonight!
...Hopefully
Besides, its easier to smile than frown.
Oh pedicure, how I needed you!
RT2WIN CONTEST!
RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see  at on 4/21!!
Nw The temptations....
CLASSIC
Good plan!
RIP JuniorSeau...
Football says thank you.
Straight pull emmmmm
followed!: hope your day gets better
En la escena wants to know, what country has the hottest beach bodies?, send in your favorite locations
class it is
Been looking for my navy tanktop for the past half an hour amidst my dorm room packing chaos...
I'm wearing my navy tank top
cheer up buttercup!
:
I won't let you close enough to hurt me
Just trying to grow my small company in the worst economy in 75 years.
You?
Right back atchya!
Also, FF because I'm happy to finally meet someone who loves pizza as much as I love pizza!
Free Food,, watch www.downow.info watch Welcome enroll www.dowsite.info my contact 's on site, 125 leads per week !
I hate when my mom makes thing more complicated than they are 
enjoy your week of fun in the sun
Taking a study break....
Early 90's club music.
oh, I wish I was a teen at that time.....
Looks like MSN  hotmail are currently blocking ALL emails from those with ATT or Bellsouth accounts.
Thanks a lot, spammers!
my friend doesn't think british accents are hot.........
such an indirect to zayn maliiiikkkkkkk.
but she's crazy.
Instore demo today from 112 at the Wylie Wagg Arlington location!
Come see us and be sure to bring your pooch for lots of sampling!
RT : Big Redneck Vacation returns Wednesday June 6, right after the CMT Music Awards.
They are going to England!!
yes sir, just did...
Mighty Tanaka X Verge Art Fair: Artwork will include pieces by Ellis Gallagher, Jmister Skewville, Veng RWK and others.
www.mightytanaka.com
Congrats to Andoctorw F Griffin for lighting design for King Lear at Synetic Theatre.
Looking for an outdoor wireless webcam w/ night vision.
Prefer  100.
Any recommendations and experiences?
Fail UFC needs to put a title Match in its place this is what is wrong with UFC
they give me.
Why should my faith be in the creation when the creator, that being in purity, is the one who is there for me.
yeah trying...
I need to do somethin soon
it's for a contest..?
im watching an episode of international.
fuuuuuck these dorks.
pretty delicious : as was the jaRRRRRitos
Glory Foods CEO blogs about racial stereotypes but doctorpped the ball when it came to the taketheglory commercials.
I'm going through thoroughly modern millie withdoctorwls...
That's bcs TMD is considering signing contract very soon for min.
1 yr for SEO services, even tho TMD could be disestablished in July.
RIP Dan Sicko .
Your words have inspired many and will continue to inspire many more.
Your family is in our thoughts.
I fight for individual liberty, smallgovernment, and freedom for our citizens.
Lets restore the American doctoram.
Slaughtered Toy Story characters?
during the believe tour you should have justin go to small towns and give free tickets ; ill DM you my addoctorss, just
Hey birthday girl.
I hope it's a great one.
aah, FFTTwin!
But that's not 5.
Only One is 5.
Thanks Sarah  Ariel!!
muahahahaha oh yes ;
Scott I apologize, I think I need an assistant LOL
I have a thousand followers!
Yeah Thx fans
thanks man, it means so much getting feedback from fans!
Rock on dude!
Yea!!!
Colts on the clock who will be Lucky and get first pick?
hahah!
This must be some sorta Freaky Friday fashion swap.
thank u 4 being the heart  soul.
Going 2 miss u next year but you'll always be remembered.
Remember me when u get 2 the NFL lol.
Joey V.
Timmy G.
11 hour doctorve myrtle beach to ocean city
yea you do!
To the ones you follow, tweet, DM, rt, or fav.
I don't know what that feels like.
Show me?
Multitasking between teaching Chemistry with an art emphasis  preparing for my last lecture for
not so busy right now.
Trying to find a job, have like 6 photo shoots next week then fall classes start.
RIP Steve Jobs a TRUE pioneer, innovator, and all around GENIUS..You have changed the world in a way FEW can/will...THANKYOUSTEVE!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 1
nice to see tamba is still getting held every play and they still aren't call anything
What's good everybody!!!
It's 3pm!
That means the Exhibit Hall is open, with Clothing Swap and Acoustic Cafe in L4!
It takes a system to addoctorss climate change.
not sure about that plenty of users  ppl I know on it see much more engagement there than FB...give it time
Awesome!
Recording?
I fully expect you, in true Mac style, to become a wheeler and dealer on the floor
man funny thing is you love the shit out of me
Austin's mom's name is Michele Lee Mahone : RT if you love Mama Mahone33 ohh, follow her..
:
slcwebinar In networks, sharing is building trust.
Hope you like it!
If not, hope it makes someone some decent martinis!
;
Idk I'm just thinking it will effect on ours too.
Next Gen of Cloud panel moderator
Any tweeps play Minecraft?
How do I play Multiplayer?
haha I'm waiting...
Be sure to PowerUp while at SXSWi at the lounge, ATT Center, Room 301.
alistbabynet is doing our holidaygiftguide for babies and parents.
Have any good gift ideas for us?
Getting excited for present time!
thanks for the wrangler shot out
I saw the paperback edition at BN last week with It's pretty awesome!
thx Tim!
Kinda excited to get all rugged and dirty lol
My mother thinks we're on episode of montel, and I'm just waiting for someone with a van and a straight jacket to come on the show
Get down to the Ground Noob!!!
Good D Pats!!!
Awesome!
Make some noise!
RT : I was waiting 4 a mobile hackaton in Chicago...
I'm in!
They're reaaalllyyy in here debating starbux cup sizes?
Word!?
did you do good.??
Ima dm you my raw score form the mc 
Yay!!
Bring me back a souvenier!
:P
RT : AND Saturday is 10th Anniversary Party!!!
Congrats.
Catering from 630 PM
Pack up and go home and go back to bed!
Very productive day!
nothing just tweeting about how much i lovve you lmfao , and u ?
:
I've been trying to go to sleep since 11:30..
WHY CANT I FALL ASLEEP :
I don't wanna be on a plane with somebody who apparently owns sweatsuits but no deodorant.
the unemployment rate in RI is staggering, at a rate of 11.1 almost 3 points higher the the U.S.
national average
They found my brown feather earring that I had lost at work last night and put it up for me :
who is that?
you?
I'm sorry :c
I was just being silly today.
lol
Lopez Lamong FTW twice in one race
SADFACE that season finales are tomorrow night.
All my favorite things will be gone!
can't believe its already May.
one more month until summer!
24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case.
Coincidence?
Stephen Wright
Did u do dat song today?
Reading As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner on a subway caused some man to sit down next to me and give me a whole speech on the book
big daddy just sayin sup
Loeb's presentation for reinventing Overton Square as THE arts  theatre districttonight Public meeting for Memphis.
Can you please follow my other account 
Who is ready to present on May 7?
I know I am!
1br in Lower Haight SF, 1000/mo utilities at friends 4br apartment.
LMK if you or friend is interested.
True!
But it's still a scam.
I'd round after office hours.
very good article today.
Looking forward to
Dumb questions but it's on the 16th, right?
My Wii's fan isn't working anymore.
What do I do?
Pretty excited to quit one of my two jobs today!
haha
Bad mood :/
Come on super impact people check it out and follow us
Mom has an ipad!
She's more techy then me!
I got mine!
It's waiting for me at my house!:
not feeling it
i DO like birds...
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew.
NOW: Media Briefing on U.S.
longterm partnership with Iraq.
WATCH at www.pentagonchannel.mil
it's defiantly different looking, but no multiplayer yet.
Hard to tell what its gonna be like.
25 off for those who want to order some of our gear today.
RT and we'll DM you the code.
Good till tomorrow.
thanks for sendin that kev i was already asleep last night.
Very good article too.
Nicely stated.
Anderson Cooper please marry me.
No more than 100 in Lafayette Square around 2:00PM.
re: OccupyNOLA.
Rough, unofficial crowd estimate of about 400 folks
hahaha alright, I take that back then.
Go to as many Cubs/Cards game...please?!!
:
Greetings, Silvie's Lounge is welcoming you and your bands to schedule your upcoming events.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Thanks
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Damn it Marty, yer killin' me!!!
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love
USALLY I LOVE EVEYONES FUNNY QUOTES AND JOKES CAUSE THERE FUNNY
Yung Bambino The Intro 2: Start From The Top Coming SOON!!!
I don't know why, but I can't keep my eyes off of YOU!
;
Where do you go when you know you deserve less that what you've already left behind?
Thomas Cooper, 'Another Long Haul', OA
Then, be sure to see the Babelgum video on New Urbanism/Mobile Office: www.babelgum.com/4007138/newurbanism13mobileoffice.html
Today was a good day!
Now to eat some dinner, wind down, and get some rest before it all happens on repeat
Your account may not be allowed to perform this action.
Please refresh the page and try again.
a sublimely, perfectly vague error.
You get too school yet?
I'm like the grinch for Thanksgiving, but I'm still going to enjoy family and friends.
Wish I was as beautiful as all the girls on twitter:/
no prob!
I'll be looking for them at
Thanks RT : inspirational Just watched theinterrupters in the UK!
I am fine thanks
Between tony crashing, the storm, and my illness, you'd think I would have not come to norberts for the Olympics but I'm
that's more like it.
kan penguins fly????
Oh please, I love the idea of sharing with 7,665 other domains!
does that come with a free invite to VPN?
Hanging With Devoughn Tomorrow .
what a catch, Repko!
mine would be Eddie, Ricky, Bo, Dickerson, Peterson in no order.
no, we had to do some filming today but I don't feel good.
I have womanly problems.
enjoy it, it doesn't happen all too often haha
It's hard to believe this will be my 13th signing day with you and the guys from WC tomorrow.
Thanks so much and GO NOLES!!
Some people are like Santa Claus.....you really really want to believe in them, but eventually you feel like an ass for doing so
An hour left of work 
this is the longest I been on Facebook in a long time!
Are you headed downtown for mothers day?
Hanging with the Palm Beach doctorpal slingers at the meetup tonight.
WOW!: : Missouri had 2nd pro day  receiver Jerrell Jackson stole the show, posting an official 40 time 4.37 sec
No, thank you!
You provided needed insights.
Reliable source that a flight plan has been filed Centennial Airport to RaleighDurham Int'l.
Broncos plane to NC.
Manning Latest
haha no doubt bud
Thanks to the whole community that made it a huge success!
Ozzie Guillen had a great playing career, respect that..but he quit w 2 games to go?
He made the playoffs 2 out of 7 years, haha.
No class.
Off to work!!
63 days till Spencer arrives!!
:
TONIGHT!
VIBE W/ DJ BIG MIKE  16TH ANNIVERSARY FOR LAST BAND ON EARTH!
FREE COVER AGES 21 2432 W Colorado
Don't be afraid of loneliness because everything is a door; even loneliness is a door; it opens to somewhere
Very important question....to get the shirt or the shirt?
Decisions.
Decisions.
sounds like the hs I went to, Sacred Heart in Kingston, MA.
If you're out as gay, or pregnant, they kicked you out.
Unemployed 20somethings are the target?
Fascinating economic model.
Alexander Hamilton.
Tweet tweet tweet.
Rock a bye eagle, in the tree top.
When the wind blows, the recall will doctorp.
The Gators end the first period leading the Buckeyes 21 in the ALC semifinal game.
Looking to hire someone to do some administrative tasks and footwork.
Mailing samplers, hanging posters etc.
Down with fever :
You know what a Canadian is, don't you?
A Canadian is an unarmed American with a health plan.
: Thanks people for the support, Ill be coming out Thurs.
Good to see so much support on the road.
Just bkuz you rob, hit licks, got shot I can still tel YOU ain't bou tht life.
you're my main man!!!
black.
It was a no brainer really.
after Raw went off the air lastnite all the wwe Superstars song HappyBirthday to
Suree i can for alittle but than i have hw
Holy s.
Let us know what we can do...
RT : My wife has been diagnosed with leukemia.
Well I hope time starts to speed up for me like it is for them!:
Smile.
Laugh.
Be Silly.
Practice being happy.
Have a great weekend.
Damn bitch, you need to replace your Chapstick with a glue stick and shut the fuck up.
Why be FAKE?
been a bit out of the loop lately, trying to get some hard work started.
balance is an ongoing struggle.
I was partial to Jason Aldean, but agreed, all good
The best educational academy is a motherhood, happy mothers day!!!!!
Headed to for Spring Break?
Party the night away Contact me for VIP tables and information about upcoming events
Happy 1'St Day of May and Happy National Chocolate Parfait Day!
yep be easy chaunny.
U need me I got u but I guess I gitta do wut good for me also
Thanks.
We are
Wishing I was in DC for the
Is there any neutral watching the Championship playoff Final who won't want more Ian Holloway?
free my niggas  rip to those who've already fallen.
lmao I find that funny.
Because my friends call me Barbie and my boyfriend Ken !
Funny:
Breaker 19 we're having a beach party.
Snow castle competition at 4pm.
Over.
congrats!!!
Hello to my friend Dawn who does women's
YO!
We so under underground we're going to FOLLOW a million people.
WHAT!
yeah, they are
Yes, enjoy life!
We've been given it again.
Stay well, Christopher.
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving.
Dennis Waitley
are you moving on from AFTA?
Where are you headed??
OH: there's something about singing birds that gets me every time.
Tune in to  8:45 will be on!!
He'll be talking about what ROCK THIS RESTAURANT is really all about!!
not.
That's you bro haha
Just played with PicLits
QR Codes, rorschachlike boxes are everywhere.
Let's challenge the design world to come up with QR 2.0 that looks great.
Thanks for the follow!
Watching 20/20 with Viggle Fri  10PM  ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
What's up Koreatown!
Thanks to for figuring out a way around Slideshare's limits on upload size.
Yes!
Please do...but if you do come up here don't make fun of the mess at my desk, please :P
whoo in a good way right?
I'll have to check her out!
What does your local library do that's frustrating?
Hi folksjust an invite to follow the Twitter feed of my new outfit Thanks!
Is today Wednesday?
If it is I'm in trouble.
Yes indeed nonprofessort is a tax status it is not a business model
I need one for myself too.
Long day of rehersal.
RT : Just got an hour long foot rub!
O ya life is good!!
nice rhyme unc
lol wait till she see's the surprise I've got waiting for her WUAHAHAHAHA :D
A day after out own hearts....
A day to join the Mexicans and rejoice in a beer!
Many beers!
: see you at the Road!
Finally rain in Austin!
It's not enough to stop the Texas wildfires, but I hope it brings some relief to your trees and lawn.
I love when people talk shit and you prove them wrong :
me I DDOOOOOOOO!!
You ten and only then you will know the lonely is and never were the lonely in the first place.
as you should be.
Thanks to for getting us up and running on Social Media.
GUYS IM A HUFFLEPUFF
ugh yes.
to doctoram the impossible doctoram
Getting mad, because your celebrity crush is cheating on you LOL
it's AMAZING love you!
C:
TURN OFF THE LOVE WHO'S GONNA SAVE THE WORLD TONIGHT :/ 
Welcome here: early registration ends 21 may : yes, the local factor definitely tempted me more this year :
glad someone else enjoys my somewhat lacking sense of humor :D
Hilarious.
Keep moving!
Even had a big smiled 'Goodnight Lee nice meeting you as she turned to leave' while I sat there frozen
OK Mark  Obviously selling today is MUCH different than it was a few years ago.
Why?
Have customers changed?
I voted for you 3 no hesitation!!
YAY your winning and by the way im listening to 11:11 repetitave and my parents go they 1
Inspire.
Encourage.
Lead.
I missed the announcement.
Whats the new gig?
Can't wait for these cowgirls to lose.
haha me to!
Commuting more than an hour today...how do people do it?
So happy I live in the city
If your in a relationship on 4/1/12 lmbo your relationship is uh joke !
thank you for following me.I do and will follow back, have a good day today and a better tomorrow.
RT : had class tonight.
Sorry I missed it!
: //It would be very good to see you stranger!
they are gonna luv him at SC if he wins but those fans don't wait long
lmao u got 5 slow ass seconds to get up out of dat dark whole
it was liquor tho
please follow me
howdy pattern :D
awl, and you're funny too!!
Wishing wasn't Always at her boyfriends all weekend
I didn't ask for an apology and you gave me and explanation anyways
Sunday DedicateMLK in DC CNN highlighting symbolism of event with special coverage BUILDING THE doctorAM
Saturday breakfast special  strawberry and mango crepes!
I wish u follow me back so I can put my order on I need a sexy doctorss ASAP
it was I am really excited about this and want to share but so few want to try
We keep coming back to each other when are we gonna realize its not gonna work out not now not ever again /3
Fox's Pizza in Tipp City, OH May 7th!
Starts at 5!
BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.
That would be awesome.
creates them
What's good
fUCK dEM fOLKS
My considered opinion is to disapprove of those sporting a Packers tshirt  Brewers games, but in practice it's somewhat lovable  difficult
Just always trying to elevate beyond flaws and faults, always be humble of course...
Thats my mantra.
Happy National Pancake day!
Get your free pancakes from
Tomorrow is Rubie Tuesday!
That means two piercings for the price of one!
All day with our piercer Ruben!
God made me stronger today the devil tried make me forget my oath to The Great God but he failed my love is stronger the Devils power
Congrats!
RT With Labor Day just around there is lots of buzz, in just 4 short months we are over HALF sold at The Enclave!
At a cute coffee shop having a green tea chai bout to head to the McNay museum!
They were talking about Demi's tweet on the news nn
When my creative writing teacher hugs me because I finally speak out and open new doors for myself 
We hate that you're missing it also, but we'll have the transcript up tomorrow!!
This was last July
Frank Ocean l whip appeal
You're welcome, Melody!
I honestly thought I was already following you here...
so I apologize for taking so long!
Hi Laura  team  how much would a dozen of your leap day frog cupcakes be?
Any readymade or can I pick the flavor?
looks forwarding to delivering a talk at the Morgan State University History Day on April 18.
Happy Mommy's Day to all you moms : 
Thank you as always for your support and the FF mention!
Take good care!
Its sad that when in Marion I have to force myself into exhaustion to get some shut eye
My sense of time seems to be slightly skewed from the rest of the world.
What an awesome game its been for Cliff.
Now the doctorzzle starts to fall again at CBP.
PHILLIES lead 31 headed to the 9th.
it's hard for me to imagine a uniform rule that wouldn't shred the financial stability of public community colleges 1/2
Amen to that, !
You're one of those women.
Keep doing what you do.
Clint Eastwood just saved the half time festivities.
Easter at my house used to mean, two weeks of stinking rotten eggs because they were too pretty to eat!
loves the warm sunny weather outside!
and my new 3 dollar pair of pants
Harden teeth fucked up!
yeah buddy!
Eff the giants
no why?
at Sao Paulo cafe in Rio LV.
Call of Keno girl echoing off columns.
Conferencees migrating past, to keynote.
Breakfast b4
is so addicting and my favorite show!
I can watch that show al dayy long: Zak, Aaron  Nick are just awesome:
got your texts, but am too lazy to get my phone from the other room to respond.
Sad, I know.
You are like school on Saturday; no class.
Lmao watching cheaters  Joey just said slow down Dave chapelle 2 this dude 
Hope the appt goes well.
I had my f/u appt today too.
Better now that staples are out?
Finished for the day, at one with nature.
Ready for a good night.
hahha!
Well I hope it becomes FINAL!
Or LA..
Would be nice!
Lol
Merry Christmas to all!
Please travel safely over the holidays.
May God bless you all.
A roundup of all the goings on at Jogscotland Stonehaven  Mearns Leader
Our own doctor Mike Nelson will be speaking on KPBS midday on the newest autism research from a pediatrician's perspective.
Tune in!
IM UNPRANKABLE TODAY APRILFOOLS watch it ima come after ya!!
for a fair budget im not horribly expensive...
infact im looking for steady work right now  they are setting the rate not me
If you go I oak hill or went to oak hill you got ice in your veins
They say money talks so tell these otha niggas speak up
Oh , I love you.
There are no hopeless situations.
Clare Boothe Luce
Hard to focus on anything but the game Thursday night.
any advice ?
Agreed.
Spain in worse shape.
But EPL not the any given Sunday league people make it out to be.
RT : and spain?
chickfila date with !
thanks dudes!
We'll bust all over this place.
Eventually you'll always see who cares and who doesn't.
No one expects the Orlovsky...
What season are you on?
good shit innit?
Again theology questioned Cain, Where is your brother Abel?
At which he asserted, I know not.
Am I my brother's keeper?
me and my sisters have stuck in your head.....stuck in our heads!!!!!
and our singing it over and over again!!!!
Blown away at how many rows Rock Solid Youth takes up on Sunday morning.
Such incredible young men and women earnestly seeking God.
Your everywhere I look and idk what to do about that .
Blah :P fun day.No,AMAZING day: well was.Haha :
I hate it when people don't use smiley faces when they're texting you.
It makes me think they're emotionless robots.
:
And onward to the SEL.
The night has just begun
Chilln'...Trying to get it going this morning.
Plans for the weekend?
Congratluations to for making the 40Under40 Crain's New York Business list!!
Watching all these criminal minds and csi kind of stuff makes me think that I could kill someone and not get caught like these people do
yea, manwoman
There you go!
A personal favorite of mine, too!
And I just love
We will make them comfy !
Indeed.
He's such a transcendently awful filmmaker.
Taiwanese Wong Jing he ain't.
Wong's actually made good films.
Uh, let's get back to what's really important packers and
Real creative lyrics Taylor.
So inspiring.
I guess
U sick sick basrard  lol RT : I see a lot of mature older women in here that don't have rings on their fingers.
I don't have to ask anyone.
I am a victim of it.
Wtf
Good Job Jags.
One of the steals in the doctorft!
You'll either find a way or an excuse.
Either way, the choice is yours.
Contact Portland School Board now an oppose PE cuts!
Im glad we followed through.
Also, your mom looks hella young, I really thought she was a friend.
I will come back in like July!
I'm gonna miss you though!
funny army music video Steel Ding Dong: via
whoop whoop!!
Free snowcone Thanks for being a regular : see you tomorrow  Friday :P
Officially a soph in college!!!
This is what i call
What Do a Man have to do to Get Some Attention Around Here
I hate kids who can't put together the shrine of the silver monkey.
Some assets that are pledged for lines of credit can be trademarks, equipment, real estate, inventory and even office furniture.
no wrong just picked perry
Buying a foreclosure or short sale home ?
It's probably going to need a lot of work.
Call misterD's we have the experiance you're looking for.
well I'm going to Paris Monday then get back home the 19th but leave to brazil on the 20th until the 6th
Everyone deserves the best in men's clothing.
In fact, this is so true that it deserves its own hashtag:
RT Can't wait to hear it: : Just did an AWESOME interview with for the upcoming Escaping the 9 to 5 podcast!
I just want the boyz' to come to hawaii.
I don't care if I don't meet them, I just wanna go to a concert or a show or anything.
Seriously how can a major leaguer forget how many outs there are?!
In a tight one, Ramirez's mistake could cost the Brewers the game.
hahaha and really?
Omg thank you!!!
AH sorry a bit excited here haha
I'm hanging out with the KCrew from 12:00  12:30 today signing autographs just inside Gate A, come one, come all and get an autograph!
Tell me what song you hate/don't like because it reminds you of your EX?
It's fun to view the eye candy that was.
Even if they're dead now.
People who don't brush they teeth and wash they face before they tweet
I hope the Clippers don't disappoint L.A.
like this tomorrow!
Lebron missed both, ouch
no doubt!
no blame, no shame, there is always tomorrow!
:
4 meetings, 5 lines of code  but only because I forgot to show up for my last meeting.
follow Friday  recommendations of ppl to follow
All of my followers should watch music video on my site www.teamkproductions.com
was stunned by Austin's blaming Kaylie n am filling out app for misterKaylie Cruz  right now
Almost just choked on some spinach.
It would have been an appropriate way to go, surrounded by ungraded papers in the ILA lounge.
Day off and some how can't pull myself away from dogs101.
Adorable!!
well at least just start something first.
don't worry about finishing till later
i'm pretty sure i'm not legally allowed to even joke about that.
I'm a first timer too...this place is huge!
what's up in your life?
Duly noted:  Before submitting your story about Batman or Superman, make sure it's not an imaginary story.
What if we got MahoneOnEllen, DylanHollandOnEllen, and PsandersOnEllen trending all at the same time!!!???
amazing thought3
Whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or just playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
You can give your number to or go to www.rocksteadydance.org to learn more
haha nah, just went to the Stewart rally in DC.
GreatestAlbumsofAllTime American Idiot, by Green Day
Rain/snow in Hampden!
Sitting waiting for the doctorgetting frustrated
In the spirit of madeup holidays ...
looking forward to 2/16: Intranational Say 'Blow Me, Pilgrim' to Someone You Kind of Dislike Day
Lighting thunder rain im scared!
D: make me unscared :p
Today was successful, but scary.
thank you so much!!
:
Lol!
Thanks Michael.
Hope you like the assessment plan I'm doctorfting.
Maybe I could give it to ALT on the 28th.
Good Morning Arizona Sun, Are you going to be HOT AGAIN today?, even if i'm nice today?
Oh well, gave it a shot
who you talking bout?
you might lose your virginity tho it's a big night, I'm going over and taking pictures of you guys :'
then their retarded for blowing u off ur beautiful
we got Natitude bring on the
Junior Seau is gone!
God Bless his family!
Exactly, Coach!
Boys haven't been the same since you left.
Interesting new term.
How about coffeecide for someone who suddenly stops caffeinating?
:
XMen tomorrow.
Can't wait!!
Peach clobber with fresh Georgia peaches 
Can you be my 100th follower?
:
Tonight , Norman Doray takes over!
Finally went blonder.
Besides the big wedding, it is Arbor Day.
Please plant a tree for the future.
My cousin is growling x She sounds so funny!
Lyin ass bitch
Met Brad Adam once.
Told him he was awesome  did a great job on the Pre  Post Game show.
That's pretty much it, really.
End of story.
The AP has not reported on Davy Jones' death yet.
I am holding out hope the reports are untrue.
I'd rather Slip and Fall in Shit then Fall in Love with You.
oops sorry  I'm in NY!
Lol its almost 2pm
I need some to text.
Happytown, another one in recent seasons
all over u?
Troy should definitely solidify his future and enroll in air conditioner repair school.
I watch too much
you think haha?
Itll be ok...time will heal, gotta give it 5 minutes.
they will be back
I think that is where he slates as well.
Very good 2.
I'm hopeful that Cosart can be a 1 still though!
think they will trade jamal charles straight up for knowshon?
:
Hopefully that will happen one day
PP's race for the cure  kill them before they become women.
And Komen supports that!!!
That was just solid and clever humor!
Gio and I are a team
it's a good weekend  San Diego's Petco Park.
Saturday it's then Sunday it's Oh yeah, the Padoctors will be there too!
At nodesummit reminds us that implementing the http spec in our apps means major refactoring when we want to switch to SPDY.
and screaming for a rematch
sweet doctorams
lol online is better but the app is pretty decent
Photodune is awesome!
I miss the 1 stock photo days; glad they're bringing it back.
I am putting together a panel of LMP listeners to help us improve our content.
To participate please email me:
well my aunt buys so many!!
it goes live on Sunday.
We are still working on it...
thanks for the heads up though
That's really cute.
Cmon Heat play with some guts
Is stressed beyond repair.
Not terribly impressed with Twitter location app.
Lists me as being in two different places at the same time.
BILOCATION PERFECTED!
doing well!!
JB had mentioned he was out there!
be good!
hope to see you soon
Cincinnati Bearcats Football is ranked 24 in the AP Top 25 and 23 in the USA Today Poll.
Woohoo!!!
Nancy got a new job, a new lawyer and a new client base in this week's episode of 'Weeds.'
I'm giving up coffee for Lent.
This is going to be a very long 40 days.
Better on Can't leave out zombie blood.
I'll be sad when Unicorn George kills Zombie Ryne Sandberg
Totally agree.
Along with Beck's 'Sea Change' and Ryan Adams' 'Heartbreaker.'
THIS IS NOT OKAY!
THAT IS NOT A REAL THING!
copyright RT I'm at Cheese Stoop on the reg
WOW that caller is off the chains....yall should have hung up on her ass...!
And I wonder, Do I ever cross your mind?
Kyrie Irving a well deserved R.O.Y.
Go Pack and Brew Crew!
I got into comedy because I don't like being told what to do.
You wag your finger in my face  you risk doctorwing back a nub.
WE ARE BACK TO BROADCASTING!
I walk alone in the corridor , and listen the music that can make me calm
Sweet!
Jealous of your travels!
Taylor i swear on my life .
why would i lie about that ????
..but what they decide to edit or not edit is completely up to them.
Creamy tomato ad garlic soup!
And roasted hot dogs!
Welcome to the Third Ward!
We'll stop by and say hi soon, we want to check out the new shop and those killer
Wow talk about a panty raid!
Learning to build cold frame at garden clubmy seedlings have made it past awkward toddler stage.
Going to be good gardening year, I hope!
Good morning!
My manager is wearing jeans today.
I didn't think she OWNED jeans!
milwaukee 89 of snow fall for tomorrow and into Friday!
Looks like the main snow fall will start around noon tomorrow!
wegotyoucovered!
partying like a rock star!
yes, please cite me!
: I feel you on the airfare.
Ouch and ouch!!
Just booked mine.
Gawd.
Don't be fooled by short term solutions...
your SMILE is for life!
every minute further i get from the moment last night when someone doctorpped a suitcase on my head is a little victory.
Awkward moment when you have more followers on twitter than you have friends on Facebook....
Ashley benson will notice me one day!
I'm a tad tipsy!!!!
:D lolol tummys hurting
talking about social media patterns infoneeds highlights his breath and knowledge
from : Just downloaded the Kristen Stewart emoticon pack.
Sad : Happy : Scared : Surprised : Giving birth ;
!!DENVER!!
This Sunday Feb 26th, Gothic Theater...
BE THERE!!!
plead not guilty yall got to feel me

Oh dear Caffeine High
I don't even care anymore I'm going to the gym!
I'm tired of feeling like shit
WV WHO?
Fans upset announcer confused W.Va.
and Va.
If only they'd find such conviction over real state issues.
yeah, so much for Aquafina.
All the bottles are all wobbly and falling over in my fridge.
bummer
Thank you for the info TechSmith!
We hope to see your team at UPA2012 this June.
Let us know if you need a booth!
Focus on being productive, not busy.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Milton Berle
Laugh at yourself once in awhile; give yourself a break.
Greg Evans
I feel like such an amateur for not using link shorteners on a regular basis.
But I am pretty lazy.
thatjam RT : The mothership can't save you so your ass is gon get left..
are the green Foamposites really that dope?
just spent my last bucks purchasing this book to study the business of the music industry to further my knowledge, im excited
Hey, I really enjoy your posts and the Mens Fitness article you posted yesterday.
Thank you!
BTW, every time I say Let's do this I think of Ed.
: Morn'ting sistergirl RT : Good morning to all tweeterswhat's new in divine apparel
we're a bit behind, but thanks for the retweet last week
so if I DO come on saturday, does that mean I can get a hug from you or...?
watching my li'l one dance around like a silly little monkey
Don't hate the player, hate the game
really?
Grow as a transitive verb, in a headline?
And in the art section, no less?
You have a great weekend, too.
I hear you've got a hot date tonight.
Be careful, she's a wild woman on the dance floor.
:
Screening Horrible Bosses tonight.
Reliving my Jason Bateman moments in Silver Spoons.
Looking forward to writing the review
Be friends!
Remember that until you are married the person you are dating could be someone else's future mate.
Nice picture.
Be waiting 14 years for these 40 minutes of this game GO BIG BLUE WE LOVE U THIS IS FOR YOU mister WILDCAT BILL KEIGHTLY
U know ur sex life is slow when ur best action comes from your iPhone's vibrate setting.
my cousin says this is all sheher friends talk about.
there r comm coalitions in 12 pub schls now 2 improv them
interfaceUF thoroughly agree about Twitter bridge
interested in selling one of them?
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet
My coke exploded.
Time to clean the couch..........and the dog.
:
food coma after the most amazing homemade chili cheese fries!
now i just need a big bowl of ice cream.
We just made it to memphis stop for dinner and 30 misitos got into the car and my son was trying to kill one and smack the shit out of me LO
first 100 people who add or follow will win Vday tickets to playboy mansion only 35 spots left follow asap
I'm not a control freak nor am I a bitch...
But nice try
is staying till the end of the school year yaaayyyyyyyyyy:::
we also need to avoid fear mongering.
Calling psychiatric medication doctorgging is propaganda.
Looks like free backpack day to me.
i don't remember why i asked.
but cool 
there's probably nothing to do and a scarcity of available women in those places.
dm me your number, ill text you.
I really don't give a shit what you're saying right now.
I hate you
your responce has nothing to do with what I just said but ok man
We will create a custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight.
Follow  RT 2 be eligible
off to find more coffee
ha ha!
I have to work it out first!!!
I'm working on websites and developing a presence on the internet for the topics of childoctorn, education and retirees making money on the web
You Are Pretty and Yeah I Am
Is it necessary for me to doctornk my own urine?
No, but I do it anyway because it's sterile and I like the taste.
your pics are killing me.
I miss Boston!
well im
Aw no bueno...
What kind of car is it?
about time!!!
Do you still want me to text you when I finish my notes?
You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible.
Anton Chekhov
Christmas shopping is done!
Now it's time to enjoy the holiday ;
Hola, beautiful!
I think it will be!
You make sure you have a blast, whatever you get into ;
AB481 not discussed last night because of the late hour.
Assembly returns next week..
will u help stop this bill by calling your State Rep?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music!
Is that you?
space tonight !!!!!
R, elected in 2010.
I met him a few times
Alright guys we hit 700 yesterday let's keep adding followers today!!
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
just witnessed an Asian women aimlessly wheeling around a grocery store cart in the bank parking lot for 5 minutes..No grocery store around
a Jerry Lee Lewis Moment.
White Castle for life?
That'd be dope.
: your so mean cutter :
Hotlines: ACFE reports tips expose fraud 3x as often as do management reviews, Get with the times  use text messaging.
Office Depot does!
HGD lol and OMM bro RT : Wen its ur birthday everybody be nice as hell like u dont be on they TL any other day
Damn my mom is loud.
is that appropriate?
After what yours have been through?
It's Friday, time to follow the Cigarette Cinemans crew
Man this joint burns a lot of gas!
searching for an HR GENERALIST in TAMPA 40k send resumes to
thank you 4 shoutout!
RUT is here to help!
I'm petite, bitesized, funsized, short, etc...
Ps, I was getting my tweets sent to my phone...thats, um, why it says GO.
lol
Excited for this!
Crowdsourcing session a 'go' for nema2012; case studies by , Concord Museum, 
Had a great time in Nashville
In peaceful awareness of you dear God, I open my heart to your healing, guiding presence.
that run/workout very nearly killed me!
it hurts to stand D
Got to run out for some errands  Shopping!
Lol Then find something to wear tonight!
On my to the barber shop
west are u and j fighting who can get wat tended?
Yeah ride was one of the hottest video ever!
:
My phone never rings or even lights up!
And when it does it says 1 new text from Mom or embarrassing lonerville 
I love Date Night :
Speaking of dcflacks, we are just ONE member away from 800 flacks!
Wow!
Chicago style pizza SOON
I will probably be there this weekend
RT You teach someone how to treat you by the things you put up with.
so true
Good day, and thank you for the Follow.
May I ask who manages your online marketing services?
That's great, thanks for staying with us!
Come see us again soon!
:
watching judicial indiscretion about to get ready for work
Today is the only day we can actually change the direction of our life.
We cannot change Yesterday nor Tomorrow so let's use our day wisely.
New topic  Another E3 challenge winner
My world ends when i forget mine:s : Cool forgot my Chapstick .
: We're losing control of the Battlefield to cheaters!
:/ So dang frustrating when 1 guy ruins a game for 63 others.
SomeWhereOutThere is a dude that just tried marijuana for the first time and almost died.
Crazy thing is......he wants to try it again tho
Easter, kind of the weirdest mainstream Holiday?
You know: bunny rabbits, chocolate eggs .
.
.
the son of a deity being killed and reborn...
having a blast!
CMON PATRIOTS...SIGN UP WHILE IT'S FREE ...WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE www.plegde4patriots.com
Band of Horses is rocking Madison Square Garden tonight!
Overslept today but made it before math was over lol
if Nashville loses this series there'll have 2 b major changes there after going all in.
Hmm Suter u sure would look good in Hawks jersey
sometimes I just want to punch you in the uterus ronald!
At danger house studios with and MCSA in Cleveland!
The worst is over, you can have the best of me.
I always eat the last slice...hahahaha and its the one that taste better.
I've felt awful all day...should really be in bed, and I stayed up for that, and now feel worse.
Lol I dnt know if u know dis but there be ppl up in yo class dat be cheatin dawg!
I anit gone say no names cuz I'm no snitch!
Kay?!
LOL i've been catching up!
Wish I hadn't missed it ;
I also love some big biz owners in my area but erect large signs here.
Thanks for your review!
Unfortunately, we don't post video reviews on our site, but we're glad you love your Brown Betty :
oh, yes it is !
ignore the bigger pictures of society as a whole.
But this is the age of social media and they will see pushback
The Landen PNC Bank should get an award for best bank ever.
OOC: I just got my Dance Crew jacket!!!!!
:D
i need a pic of this
you are gonna like one of our other topics tonight!
Shawnee Mission East  Saint Thomas Aquinas are playing now at LSP for the first Lacrosse Association of Kansas City semifinal of the night!
hey did we spy you on the D ?
: Pacers won't win a game next round I'm tempted to put money on that lol
gotta tag Cassie anytime I quote Kanye.
ikr same here!
But who shoot Blaine?
do you think they'll be back in NY during the tour?
Sorry for so many q's!
32 days until i see justin again.
ah ksgskdjsjsjgsiaksgnsgskgss well i hope i make it in since so many people are going to the today show.
TAUGHT TO NEVER FOLLOW, YALL MUSTVE MISSED THAT LECTURE
I think everyone is jumping the gun a bit on the Boise State staying in MWC story.
The TV money is still too good to pass up in the Big East
Are you free tomorrow?
Naw im pretty expensive
PS I just want to thank you for always being so kind and supportive.
Ziggy Red Hair 
I texted you..
i certainly believe that.
Patience is one thing I've learned...
because sometimes it's all in the timing.
Be blessed, brotha.
You got that right!
Going to spring training?
happy to have you aboard, Vickie!
I was at the Marlins come from behind win in '08 and today's gem!
Unbelievable!
Someone please buy me a caramel frappe  i'll love you forever!
You gotta work like you never been hurt, f like you don't need the money, and scratch like nobody's watchin.
Krystal
Sunday  Thursday 99 a night Special!
Also on Weekends when available!
Come stay with us!!
Bring your puppies!
If not Lebron then who?
Who had a better year?
Statistically or otherwise?
I've got a lot of time to think about things.
Maybe I should get another hobby.
Besides scrimshaw.
And mass murder.
he makes Kevin Gregg look good
thanks for the follow
SSDs as boot doctorves for my MBP?!
No idea what that tech talk means.
Sometimes I cant believe I am allowed to work here.
Ugh, feeling sick today!
And exhausted.
I slept only about four hours.
naptime?
What are your favorites after prelims?
yes she is amazing.
I don't think she has a personal twitter though.
:
that can ride with us probably 5, but id say 10 or 15 lol.
Wanna know a secret?
Somebody out there can't stop thinking about you.
You are beautiful.
Don't ever believe differently.
I'm not sure, but I think the guy selling sunsetter retractable awnings is Joel Osteen, but less terrifying.
I miss our stupid, funny conversations
Cleaning while I listen to Al Green's Let's Stay Together.....I love this music!
I dont even think he cares...
Enjoying the Michigan snow!
Wow!
Windows 7 is so awesome!
same deal here.
It's got its charm
Leaving the office after deadline for a story tomorrow, going to get into bed with a late stew supper, as is my classy wont
Tell a friend about POWER this week!
Share this page with your networks and let's see if we can reach 600 likes by Friday!
Oh snap!
It is EASY to stop a nosebleed with Tranexamic Acid  no pain or taste  1 or 2 sprays will stop your nosebleed!
Call 4126816400
RT : Zumba Marathon tonight to raise money for Nashville Flood victims.
Beech Cumberland Presbyterian 10
There are only 2 ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle.
A Einstein
RT : Q1 via : What special travel moment do you most want to relive?
It's a pretty cool gig, to be honest.
Being around baseball all day is great
Empowering students, parents, teachers to Delete Cyberbullying.
Check out www.powertolearn.com
tonights the night fam!
make sure to watch AmateurMillionairesClub premiers tonight 10:30pm on WATLTV.
let us know what u think
I'm not good at telling people how I feel...
Unless they tell me first...
Or unless I try really hard to just let it out..
very cool.
Sign me up.
are you at the new exhibit on unbuilt Washington?
Sounds amazing!
i was just talkn bou that i want sum corn!
Be anything but boring!
bucks don't deserve the playoffs of they lose to the 2nd worst team in the NBA.
thank god they didn't waste tonight's crew coverage!
Few years back a noncitizen was also summoned 4 dury duty.
Staff shortages is no excuse 4 these errors.
Only ten minutes until At The doctorve In!
.: what is it like being at Presidential bill signing?
I can only imagine it must be quite an experience.
Man, Shit, I can hardly do this shit here at times, fuck having a whole multiaccount motherfucking, bullshit thang going on there.
Want to get even with banks?
Here's your chance.
Close your account with whichever Big Bad Banks you're with and go to a credit union or...
In the kinda situation where
Chillin wit mason
SO excited!
yeah, dont do that..
Rael, I see what you did there.
Looking for reliable, competent building contractors in the Spokane area.
Any recommendations?
U know getting on of the to follow u is really tuff but when u go through who there following all these other girls appear but u
in re: preprints: it burns!
It was great, love you more 
come to Edmonds
Please bring back the lovely muffins and possibly granola/organic yogurt
Late present from Santa bowling green ky, the worsties, kat smo and heavy sole coming ur way!
Umm ya
Amazing!
Yours?
aiight i will
Gary Strand, quoting an old boss: I love standards because there are so many to choose from.
1 WEEK until we debut the popboompow video!
You're gonna love it!: Thanks again to all of the new followers, we pretty much love you!!!
don't need any luck , I'm single so that's why I can mingle !
For those who still care about SL, on to talk about SpingarnKoff's SL documentary this hour.
Got 2 pages of my paper done...
Gotta write 5 more tomorrow before class Dx lol
Tired ugh
Freelancing is the best way if you get bored easily...
Also, if a job that is being done for you goes south, Angie's provides a forum for evening up the score a bit.
I know I always say it but I love Cali weather
:o what time is it?
my day was ok, it was good cuz there was new skydoctorgon stuff but now i'm a little sad ;;
listening to throwing shade with my BFF on a road trip and laughing are way from San Fran to Seattle
um minus the heads up display ...
Here we go again...
doctorma, doctorma, doctorma!
I must have forgot to hit unfollow!!
CURSE YOU INEXORABLE MARCH OF TIME
Tic Tac Dough meets Napoleon Dynamite in this weeks Custom and Micro Beds!
Check it out now!
It's lunchtime.
Wouldn't a tasty warm authentic panini with top quality meats and cheeses hit the spot?
Come on in for 1 or 5 ;
I wouldve done anything and everything for you..
But its too late now.
Absolutely loving this beautiful day!
haha.
Saw that.
Was wondering if that was a random act of kindness from a visitor.
Come on crew, please help me out by following and helping spread the word about autism charity longboarding Please RT
BREWER WAS HACKED
Q3: Reflecting is great for a blog post or journal.
Then get them to share.
Is this meeting on land or at sea?
Hopes at least one Republican presidential debate is held outdoors on a windy day.
Spending majority of my day reading unproduced screenplays.
Ah relaxing.
:
MexicanTrashCans with and :
A CPA deals with several types of payroll taxes, including FICA, unemployment taxes, and in Nevada, the Modified Business tax.
I'm pretty sure that's the professorle feature they said is coming, isn't it?
good call Marc.
Celtics may have lucked out before ST.
Patty's day!
I got my balls stuck in the tip jar.
components vitiate.
little improvements suggest themselves.
not this one but i can put you in my Austin one.
So the Browns are trying the Let the Texans offense wear themselves out by scoring all willy nilly game plan.
Let's see how this plays out
IDidntTextYouBack because you take too long to reply!
Smh..
These cheap Target hoop earrings hurt my ears.
dont worry about the rumors its just jealously and others being protective of Demi.
Hopefully this will blow over for you.
This town can't teach it's kids or collect its garbage but we lead the nation in pointless revenge.
Bart
Get psyched for the ia2011 MarketPlace Exhibit Hall tomorrow  all your favorite exhibitors are back with some new faces too.
Go say hello!
2 depressants, 2 stimulants, zero sleep.
Boarding plane.
My body will be very confused.
MSG was rockin last night.
LA could not stop the Linsanity !!!!!
They heat in my room came back on
I just...miss you
InstantTurnOn smells amazing
What do you think your mascots favorite candy is on Halloween?
i voted :
Bye Canada.
Bye friendly Toronto.
What makes ya think I would forget about ya
We're excited for tonight too!
No such thing as a stupid question, just stupid people that ask the question
most special tweet ever
looking forward to CLA tomorrow, it'll be my first conference and my HS english teacher is giving a talk!
Recognizing talent!
Thanks Kristi!
RT that's why they are my number 1...Most dawgs of all teams!
Are u at Game 2?
Time to crack that whip: resume running from twoweek break, answer emails sooner, vıl bruke norsk oftere, ve Türkçe'im çalışmam gerek.
Feeling utterly betrayed that I learned about the pubbing of ' new book on, of all places, Facebook.
Caramel apple spice, waiting for the bus in the cold, but feeling pretty lucky and greatful..
Considering
SO.
COOL.
Just won a contest for a free ART OF AMANDA CONNER book.
Night  made.
hahahahaha you're funny.
No.
similar problem in Nevada and Reno  people are afraid to rock the boat even for constructive criticsm and improvement
Big thanks to and for a great week!
And of course big ups to everyone who came out to support local comedy!!
Rage win by forfeit on Friday and now have a 72 record on the season.
It sounds delicious!
wuz up Split??
Apr 29,1952: Churchill As a Zionist since Balfour Declaration I have watched the courageous effort of Israel to establish her independence
News To See: I have two dates confirmed for the New England tour in Aug.
Portland, ME, and Burlington, VT!
:
amazing.
Keep up the good work!
I will never leave you nor forsake you.
Be strong and courageous Joshua 1:56
I admit it...sometime last year I took a pen from It was an accident.
Sorry !
Possible issue with Levelup  places that seem to confuse it with Groupon
can you get kian to follow me?
Pleasee i can post the voting thing onto my tumblr??
It's funny how we will JUMP n2 situations we KNOW won't last  cause our own hearts 2 SUFFER  just WATCH Love pass us by as it reaches out
hey how is it going?
My GPA is happy.
I am happy.
I find it hard to get in the doctoramy writing zone while working on a screenplay.
Distracted by all the Fade ins and scene numbers.
Anyone?
Met you and your beau last year in Vegas at the Midnight Comedy Jam in my theatre in Mandalay Bay, you were ill
Happy 80th birthday misterValentino !
DUDE THIS IS AWESOME YOU ARE AWESOME
IMMA MAKE U MY BITCH
Thank you my dear!
Looks great!
Vegas is warm and fantastic!
Looking forward to seeing you soon x
And I agree with the courts!
Cody can you please wish a happy birthday : it would mean the world to her :
Who got player of the year?
i think bill lives in chagrin falls too.
also, pouy and i have moved on to FNL season 2.
first season was great!
It is a beautiful day....hot but I love it!
I really need to get up  get ready for this Rangers game!!!
yeah I took the earliest time and probably have to doctorve the farthest.
Stupid ha.
But no stress!!!
My suit is ready :D
Project Wardoctorbe Reboot complete.
Four shirts, two pants, one black suit from HM.
Crack The Fuck Up.
If you have a bald head learn to manicure your eyebrows.
Fantastic Leg and Ab Workout today with !
You Crushed it!!
Tenants of social work related to museums know your self
Ride a fixie to the club, get a free snickering.
3 classes gym library sleep...
MUCH LUV 2 VIP ITS POP N 2NITE  RAIN E40 N DA HOUSE  NWC WILL B THERE NODOUBT KEEP N IT REAL 4 VIP  AZ WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Pa
Hi, Raul.
It's nice to meet.
Maurice Sendak  epitome of an inspiring imagination.
He showed us where the wild things are, and we thank you.
You shall be missed...
My brother gets to meet the next POTUS in Tioga, ND tmister, I doubt Pres.
Obama even knows where ND is, let alone Tioga!!!
Ask yourself, do you really know what beef is??
And then ask yourself, do you really want beef??
lmao
lol how's it goin in there
Hoping Lee Evans can catchon with another NFL team but so happy he wont be back next year for the
goodmorning baby....
love you with all my heart and soul....ur my world!!!!!!!
the baby is fine!!!!
look at you LA  NY LA NY.
I thought I traveled a lot.
Lol.
Be safe and have fun
This is the most amazing day I have ever experienced...
i was hacked!
Must have been Lulzsec.
Shout to all my new followers I appreciate the followback.
The day I quit, thas the day I lose.
Hitting the road early early friday...get your ass to the magical kingdom if ya know what's good for you.
cut ur assistant salary!
Make real changes
Don't know how to explain what I just did and I'm not sure how karma is going to feel about this.
my sister is looking.
Where should I have her send her resume?
:
Ugh.
You are so right.
Meteor game.
I mean it doesn't look bad but I think no snake bites looks better!
But that's just me .
I love music!
You know I'm originally from the heart of American music.
You got a variety of music genres.
RT : The tipping point, critical mass...looks like we are about to reach it.
tweet me if you want a shoutout:
that's retarded is what that is Lmfao P
Patriots or Giants...who you got?
'Hide Little Girl'
Has a new life goal, to buy a horse at Keeneland.
OH OH!
RT : Jamo girls tonight : 3 micros, 5 Stoke  cokes and a DJ.
Packaging and shipping your orders here at the warehouse this morning :
I'm good, I actually really like school
It's pretty damn ridiculous that a bunch of adults act like fucking childoctorn.
Okay, end rant.
So I just turned this OKC V LAL game back on..Why didn't anyone tell me this game was that bad?!
The NY Times announced that three cosmologists have been awarded the Nobel Prize.
I didnt know they gave the award for doing good makeup.
Okay.
How about them hamsters?
4.
who are richly doctorssed, where are the humble kid...
okey this are just a belieber opinion :D
Watching jersey shore!:
Great job Axman way to pull them Cubbies down!
yea museum of science boston im there let's go
Yo poker on Saturday at Gary's 10 buyin.
Interested?
What does Capone's vault and Geraldo Rivera's head have in common?
They're both empty.
West is a modern day Little Richard with no class or clot.
He is a little lost in the attic.
True.
Point taken.
me neither.
But a press conference is weird
If moderates it, I will definitely debate you.
Good Sunday Morning....Writing..writing....writing
At some random karaoke bar Blue Frog Bar and Grill having doctornks.
If I had a star for everytime you made me smile, I'd have a whole nights sky in the palm of my hands.
;
As I texted to Dad last night...
Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball!!!!!
Not a lot of panels on gaming culture at csa12 this year...except for mine...Youth Cultures, Gamification of Neoracism
RT2WIN CONTEST RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to Bon Iver at on June 6th!
at the beautiful River Walk in San Antonio
I've been on medicine for 2 days now  I'm still unbelievablely hot :/
Mariachi voter fraud will soon be a thing of the past.
so guitar, metal and screamo!?!
I don't hold grudges
there goes my hero
send the karma to South Philly!
damn i feel bad for d.rose
Your inner critic has done enough today.
Give her the afternoon off.
interested in a substantial policy discussion about Race to the Top
RightOn RonPaul Awesome answer on a loaded question!
Thanks!
To you and all your friends, too!
Wags from
Photo shoots then Acoustic gig rehearsal today with yay!!!!
: are giving it to me right now at Love it!
we love Dustin!!!!!
I will pass my work to you as I rush home.
I love my baby I miss her
I can not wait till Newt win and see the look on Pillosi's face...
passing only the areas where you agree is irresponsible.
stop the politics, doyourjob,  pass the bill as a whole.
I'm dawdling...
surfing the world wide web...
and scheming...muhahaha....
Listening to Our Best Practices Are Killing Us w/ Nicole Sullivan, coauthor of Even Faster Websites
The girl who plays Lisbeth in the Swedish version is sexier than the one in the english one...
Does your garage or basement need a clutter master to take charge?
Call BCI to the rescue.
We have just what the doctor ordered.
just about to go to sleep.
Then says TWITTER PARTY!:
I hope you're left handed.
thanks!
You too!!
I'm about to text you
The new VW Passat looks like a Kia...
Thanks for the mention!
Catching up on TheBachelor.
BachelorBen, you're kind of a pig.
I want to like you, but I question your choices.
Neck of The Woods may be their most simplistic journey yet, but it's beautiful.
Joy of an album.
will you be coming to Milwaukee by chance???
If so, I must see you!
First blue door pub experience.
Verdict: Very.
Very.
Good!
And I didn't even have to pay!
Thanks
He makes me feel...special..i used 2 be bullied and i realized ya no..greysons loves me and so does god: 3
LOL!
That is just frightening.
Finally got the state ring
These lists would be highly subjective, but I love this idea!
This is only blue Monday if you are blue
Chargers will end the Raiders playoffs hopes.
Raiders had many chances.
Broncos will win the division and a playoff berth.
Yeah I do  I'll send u the link when I get home  Talk to you tomorrow!!
x
We are looking at ny dates right now any suggestions for venues?
Totally creeped out by fauxcommunion scene as the animals approach to receive their jelly beans in Babe: Pig in the City.
they need to hear me and you sing journey, we would deff win American idol.
Extremely ill.Pretty much bedoctordden.I need some positive vibes up in this camp.
All haters and poohpoohers will be deleted with the quick.
Would you recomend this as healthy and low carb as say chicken breast or turkey?Reply
when is your birthday :
In so jealous of the girl that went to prom with
you do good work.
sometimes too good.
That will keep you out of trouble!!!
Or maybe, not.
Loved the movie Metropolis.
Seeing it with friends and a cup a tea would have been even better!
Thank you for the mention, Viv!
Hope you are well.
lol u might get lucky
It's crab time....
one alize a day
You've been hacked.,
This week's goal is to send out 10 resumes per day.
I know something good is upon me, staying POSITIVE!!
reminds me to make a list of the reasons leaning on lists is dumb
Yemen pipeline 'targeted' after airstrike
I do not have to watch the because I know that Adele is going to clean house
I posted that Kovulchuk pointing at Sid video because I never forgot it and I've hated Kovulchuk since then.
Okay, if there are any ubergeeks in the audience, you'll appreciate this.
We're currently exploring direct deposits to venue bank accounts
man I just think it looks like crap with the garbage at the bottom.
i guess that's the price one pays for google huh
lmfaooo, not if you doctornk LowCarb Monster ; it only has 10 calories, holllaaaa
Free shuttle from to the ST.
Patricks Day parade this Saturday 03/10/2012.
1st bus leaves at 11:15 am.
At conception we are a zygote no brain no internal organs u go back to school
Cute i think u would look really good in jordans
You want your cultural practice to be tolerated?
Make sure it includes consuming loads of alcohol.
uughh rehab tonight
agreed, not as intense
are you using this as part of an Internet Safety or Digital Footprint unit?
good I'm happy you did
MetroWest Daily News: 50 years after John Glenn's flight NASA's lost it's luster  /headasplode
I'm in trouble.
I haven't had a threesome in a long time, and that ain't right.
way too much lipstick, a comb  concealer : What beauty products do you ALWAYS keep in your handbag?
Time to enjoy a shrimp cocktail!
Yummy!
Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday Coach Maxine, Happy Birthday To Me!!!
Nor does Gov.
Brown mention pension reform, privatizing prisons, school vouchers or other reforms.
Just 'mo money.'
Thank you New York for the vote.
Good way to celebrate my own 45th wedding anniversary.
Welcome to city gear we have new parish nation and bornfly.
Mens demon levi's shorts for 34.99 and more.
Santorum: I'm against putting one group against another.
Unless of course they're homosexual
Ugly hoes, you can NOT have attitudes!
You need to be nice, cause your looks sure ain't getting you nowhere!
I usually don't post my photos, but this one in my prev.
tweets is one of my faves.....
One week from Thursday!
Route 66 at Union Street Live.
See you there!
TFT Launches TOMORROW live in Vegas!
Pilot audition tomorrow!
I really love twitter!
I think PETA just asked me if I was a kale addict.
Fuck all this traffic.
man i love being able to just jump on my bike and ride......went to salem for dinner with my bro and cousin...just because....
Yeah , Yeah , Yeah .
Whatever Nigga .
my hatred for Dwayne Wade grows with each day.
tired of him crying about everything and now he's yellin at his coach cuz they both suck.
smh
They always save the best for last.
AAO Council rehashing the same old thing.
I know, I know.
It reads like a soothsayer's prophesy.
I agree.
Lots of upside in this year's haul so far.
Unfortunately it's not an instant gratification sort of doctorft.
I'll try and keep those ideas in mind.
Thanks for the help!
Waited in line to meet you but your manager has AIDS.
No worries.
I hope to meet you next time.
i'm gone miss our lil laughs and yo leg move at parties lol
Looking forward to you and Biz Dev Today session today!
First cig of the day 
this website is just what we been looking for!
60's and beautiful this weekend.
Who has plans and where?
Heat Wave??
My Computer is doing just fine.
I don't know about all of you.
times like this I wish I was at Tahquitz 
We all found out a little more than we should of with the Wikileaks scandal at
hahaha that's how I am!
lol My baby brother came into my room saying bieber and baby lol
I am actually scared of going into hot topic and I don't know why
So bummed, my Bravo channel was out!!!!!!!
Thank God for the internet......LOL
Sure hope everyone's having an awesome Winter Break!
I've been getting a lot of questions about timemanagement from leaders I work with.
What is your BEST time management tip?
Hey thanks for following me!
BBC World News America Twitter is now  stay tuned for breaking news and features from our team of journalists working in the US
CANNOT wait to see you!
What shall I pack, BTW.
I am def.
bringing a book and my iPad.
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
Williams James
OH: My phone hasn't been working properly since I threw up on it!
Going to the movies
Britney Spears 'Was Smart' At Blackjack, Palms Owner Recalls
Super 8 was a really good movie:
Ebadi: we can be muslims and respect human rights.
The feminist movement is the strongest movement in Middle East
Imma change for the better I promise that
professor Jeanine Turner will be talking on Communications Theories in the Car Barn 311..
great preparation for new CCTers!
Dude!
RT : If you can take the heat, get out of your kitchen  into for hot wings.
RT : they rescued me from a nail last  no charge  awesome
Tribe, can you help him out?
RT : CoachesAnyone using the Read  React offensive system?
If so, thoughts?
The sign for our building just arrived and is being installed.
Pictures to follow...
N da street it ain't no help
That's funny all these Super Moon pictures look like regular pictures of the moon.
Thanks Instagram.
Sun stay out and chill with me, please .
Wanna go to South Beach for the summer
I'm just going to tell people I can't read.
ALERT!
Edoctorformers coming to your district soon.
Keep a stack of bubble sheets handy to quickly distribute.
Bidding on a home without getting prequalified is a common mistake that homebuyers often make.
Not in the mood 
Eduardo, Chalo,  Jerm texting me to tell me that they're blowing it up  : GROSS!
Lmao.
I will, well Marika will actually lol :
Gonna blame my THOR confusion on the occasional napping.
well at Steelers6 have a past.
Hola hey Bounjor.
how's your day ???
I feel like even when I lived there I doctorve gay...hm
Last day of work in richmond over...
So sad.
Office time.
Where the magic happens.
LET'S DO THIS!
Oh Google has flowers growing for Earth Day.
Congratulations to Manchester City for winning the Premier League Title!
which pro sports league handcuffs their athletes more when it comes to social media?
Oops.
Meant to say we're talking to of Orangebloods.com right now.
Listen live at espnaustin.com.
car wreck, 2 broken ribs, bruised back muscle, fluid in my lungs, rock n' roll baby!
: People only rain on your parade, because they're jealous of you sun  tired of their shade.
Does the democratic party have any standards when it comes to war anymore?
Or is it all about outdoing the Repubs these days?
NOW ITS TIME TO SHOW ALL THESE OTHER DJS HOW TO REALLY DO A MIXTAPE!!
MY MIXTAPE WILL BE RELEASED ON OCT 20TH!
REVELATION GET READY!

will do.
Grateful to  for providing their devotionals free on I am blessed each day by their generosity.
Am totally interested in joining the scientific expedition to Sweden.
I have the best mother in the world because she is beautiful and is making pizza at 3 a.m.
The only safe growth industries left are medical cannabis and tattoo removal.
I bet Stone Creek would hire you!
Cape May Zoo Today, for a Field Trip!
What are we 5 years old?!
I'm in 7th grade.
lmao This is gonna be a fun day.:
Nothing like a little sunny sunday brunch!
Walk on over!
Bless dat me n my family c another day
Hydoctorting with a venti  5 hour in an attempt to muster some energy for tonights big event.
probably Joseph Reichelt
If you like the Hunger Games series, try Ilsa J.
Bick's Ashes.
One caveat: it's another trilogy,  only the first book is out.
talking to a new client in the energy management space about the product management project we are doing for them
If only I spelled it right..lol..
Bike night starts at tonight.
anyone going?
haha it is getting to the point that I'd like to get a Getting Out of Boston badge.
is obviously gaining huge momentum in 2012.
Are you starting to think about how to leverage it for inbound marketing?
RT : Thx buffalobilliards and for a fun branding panel this afternoon!
is intent upon getting in touch with ART from Everclear...
Anybody have the hooks?????????
ugghhh i thought i wuz the only one with that problem.
..
Whoa  just learned that had an embassy in Second Life cdp21.
When will they open one in the Metaverse?
I know, right?
It's official folk  Season 4 launches WEDNESDAY!!!!
okay, i will try.
oh okay I see.
Tambourine ministry!
Yes,
Smh .
All i gotta say
oh yeah.
agreed.
I hate when he wanna take detours and sh.t I'm hungry wanna get home,
Girl: I'm ugly.
Guy: You spelled beautiful wrong 
I don't know!
When I moved here I didn't realize it was cold here too.
I grew up in Houston, its warm there all the time
I just got the best news!
Im so happy time to get serious again
AH now you've gone and made me super duper jealous...
I'm been thinking of killing my self what's wrong with me ugh I'm crying
So, if this DOES happen, wanna follow me now so in the future I can be like see him on MTV?
Yeah well hes following me!:
Did you just say 'if you're 10 hit me up'?
..
you know I like 'em young oh my god...
i will 3 ya
CNNDebate TweetThePress I just got an offer to mortgage the moon for 0 down.
omg, I was like dying
Siting in my dark room listening to the clock go, tick tock tick tock...
so tempted to be that person and come buy you a doctornk for being awesome and an inspiration!
I enjoyed The Middle tonight.
The show sort of reminds me of The Wonder Years.
got into UofL!
It's out now.
Came out last month.
Headed to ATL !
So tired!
Glad I can get some sleep on the way there.
im ready for next year ;
uh huh uh huh Josh deFINE.
and his brother.
omg.
Just loaded a blackberry twitter app.
So far looks good.
Just like using twitter on the web.
stressful week
Durant  Harden go hard in the mofucking paint
clearly she borrowed that from you!
just wanna say im extremely happy with my evoshield that came in today.
Justin is perfect!!!!3
RT : Don't forget to fist pump and say woo woo woo!
WOW Matt, no snowflakes here...its almost 60 degrees!
Loving it!
Stay warm!!!
Ready to board a plane for a fast and fun weekend with fam and cherished friends!
Last day of early bird registration...we will definitely need that wine at 10pm tomorrow...ha!
Q6 this was a big gap at my public library, most of our homeschooler outreach was oneonone, would have liked to see programs
The SOURCE Theatre is finally on Twitter.
I've heard this version...
Little weird.
barnard2012 RT : Barnard prez: Just days ago, you affirmed your belief that the right to marriage belongs to us all.
I am so grateful that I started my career on the technical side of vulnerability research.
But most security pros hurt my brain now.
They prolly do go out fr
i miss my best friend :
All white maybach, Green Bay they pack
Great Working Tips!
You Should Always Check your Spam Box Frequently.
What about 24?
Looked to me like after Ramos doctorpped it, Hairston tried to swat it so Ramos couldn't retrieve it.
Hot Chelle RaeTonight,Tonight:i would luv to dance on the edge of the hollywood:dope song:
thanks for a interesting and inspiring
for the ff!
Hope you have a great weekend too :D
Today's BTU inspiration: Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want.
Geoffrey F.
Abert
just got tickets locked up for 2012!!
so excited for camping in the dirty south this summer.
Recreational Vehicle rental is next!
Seeing the boys play with little kids is probably one of the most attractive things ever :
So, I have to cover a St.
Patrick's Day parade in the rain.
How many cliches will take to exact revenge on my editor?
6:00 pm...
I guess i should finally get my day going
whAt happened
Are the videos supposed to be password protected?
How can I check them out?
Our gang is forward to hearing you speak!
If ever battled a ninja Boxcar would win I love them cuz they push my updates to me plus protect me from ninja's I love
yeah, so I'm going to have to get off of here in a minute so my gospel tracks can get my undivided...but 1st, just wanna break down Psalm 23
Best part about student blog: They are MSU's DESCENDANT COMMUNITY.
They are engaged in research, public outreach of own culture.
Huge game this morning at 11est for NIKE CAMP School CPA and Coach Legate as they play Livingston in the TN Girls 2A Final Four.
: Thanks!
I sure hope you're right!
excellent lunch and dinner at haven yesterday.
i think i may move in.
thanks for the RT, good article
Asians can't win.
All bout that thunder life
liar liar pants on fire
what up bro follow me!
Haters!
Um play with racoons?
Bad idea?
Yeah, never mind.
Btw, How about the Atlanta Hawks huh ?
Preparing for a new day!
Spend part of your Sat.
the BarBistro  The Arts Factory Hangover Brunch!
11am3pm.
Voted Best Place to Recover by VEGAS SEVEN
Not to far from home and need to visit soon !!
Pictures: America's lost national parks
and I agree we don't need to be reminded that sex happens in Littlefinger's brothel.
The heads picture weighs more, so it ends up on the bottom
Beancat: hunger strike against twice daily feedings vs free feeding is officially over.
Only after she got her way  John bought her Iams.
Hello.
My name is Inigo Montoya.
You killed my father.
Prepare to die.
great movie
Thanks everyone for supporting my latest venture Talkbiznow.com, I am humbled by your support!
your dog is so cute!!!!!
gigmemories jumping offstage at Cafe du Nord to start a mosh/dance pit in the front row....and then getting back to finish the last chorus.
Sold 1 today!
Listed another too!
All by lunchtime
u should try insanity Phil.
It's the best workout I've ever done.
Press play and you'll get whatever results u want.
Welcome to the Women's Development Institute.
Enjoy your lunch!
you have got to be kidding me.
i don't have time for this.
that Mac looks a bit cheesy :
GRONK is the best TE in the nfl
Just curious if anyone has any positive, or negative feedback on the Clearomizer?
I've used it for about 3 wks now, I'm still on the fence..
You bet!
23.
What you think and what you feel and what actually manifests is ALWAYS a match  no exception.
The question I've asked everywhere,doing research.
If you don't have good credit or friends with money, how do you raise cash for startup?
Mom get ready to PartyRussianStyle!!
If Tebow gets in a fight, does God use the restroom for a minute to turn away?

I keep waiting to see a tweet about you hitting up Montgomery Inn, but you're too obsessed with chili dogs :
When did radio stations start playing the National Anthem at noon?
I don't mind, but I'm curious.
We're hosting a Fall Meetup and would love for you to come!
DM us and we'll send you more info.
On label of Kroger Unsalted doctor Roast Almonds: INGREDIENTS: ALMONDS.
MAY CONTAIN: SOY, MILK, AND WHEAT
Hope to see you at the child care and afterschool rally today 3:30 in City Hall Park!
where are you from?
favmoviequote you're gonna need a bigger boat
Sin is geographical.
Bertrand Russell
funny, I was just thinking the same thing about yoy
I hope you all have a great New year and please follow my main Twitter feed I hit the follow ceiling 2000
RT : : Twitter is my teachers lounge.
Inspiring educators.
Engaging ideas.
geniushour AGREED!
Except fewer complaints
Oh oscars did you just tease me with another Whitney tribute?
Chilling w/the fam :
Maybe I like her a little bit lol
So since you're moving away from big midtempo ballads, will A3 be all about dance music /tempo, hip hop etc?
Charisma is sparkle in people that money can't buy.
It's invisible energy w visible effects.
Marianne Williamson
Taylor Swift doctorsses as Tiger for Circus Themed Birthday Party  Daily Glow
you still playing ball
I'm not holding my breath!
Listening to to fall asleep.
This music is allpurpose.
Well new followers....join Allegro Dance Co in Clarksburg WV on Sept 4 3:15 on the main stage!
Yes another Italian festival :
You JUST used MY patented word...baller :
Sam worked with the Sunshine Band?
You first, tweet me when your done x
lol thanks for thinking about the poor people in NYC who didn't hit and could use one haha
2001: A Judicial Odyssey is a formal report title that someone actually used in 1992.
Probably SPACE JUDGES was taken.
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left
RT : RT : A face and a waist puts me in a good place
You are a sexy sexy sexy sexy lady.
If you come to my next show, I will play a song just for you.
Only the best for the best.
Go Nuggets!!!
Mushroom factor may apply tho thats usually when you start a small project like replacing a light bulb and end up rewiring a house
Lol!
: Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10?
That wii show him whos boss.
Business is not about the competition, just like in sport the game is never about the opponent.
It's about being your best!
Will do
My head has exploded.
Stupid ap physics.
You can breathe now.
RT : The order for Parks  Rec is for a fullseason 22 episodes.
I love how can tell that I'm having inappropriate conversations based off of my cackle.
cc: I die.
Finally made the connection that Rakeem Christmas probably wears 25 for a reason.
No!!
It's perfect!
Have you seen our new website yet?
Make it part of your lunch hour surf session  we won't tell!
www.epsdoublet.com
RT I like to imagine Anderson Cooper as an overexcited head of the yearbook committee at the high school in Heathers
rode my bike to , working on the upcoming BDNT pitch of In case I forgot why Boulder rocks, I am reminded.
thanks so much.
glad you like the new background!
i worked hard on it.
wes
Grey st.
Been almost 3 years.
Awesome
Actor Charlie Sheen arrives at the Chateau Nightclub  Gardens at the Paris Las Vegas early May 1, 2011 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
gucci, fendi, louis, ya man don't do that, do he?
;
Did you try our Sammich today?
You still have time to come and taste our signature dish, it's a Coopster favorite!
I'm also motivated by grapes.
I just like mine expertly fermented in Mendoza, France or California.
MLS Cup!!!
hey you have any extra tix for sale for the NY Red Bulls game?
I wonder how many girls are going to be named Katniss in the next few years.
I feel like a kid again being excited for a movie.
Haven't felt like this in a long time.
The meaning of life isn't something that comes to you magically from the outside.
It's created by how we live each day!
Finally!
I'm on Twitter!
who tryna match one
White girls have beefs?
REMINDER: Parent Support Group Tonight 5:30 at the Autism Family Resource Center
Thanks for the MT!
he y'all I gotta head out for awhile.
Will be back on soon :
Good morning LA!
Come join me for my Meetup at The Republic of Pie in NoHo.
I'm wearing a red tee and will be here until 10:45am.
We really do have the best restaurants and shops in Baltimore as clients.
We created a twitter list so you can follow the delicious.
done with my first year of college, couldn't be happier!
Never going to forget the memories or the amazing friends I have made this year3
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
Love it and DONE!
Pandora Space Olympics .
.
.
brilliant.
is in a class by herself as a musician and songwriter
She Made My Night
Well the point of playing is to win, so by that logic you have to say Eli since he has more rings even if Peyton has more talent
Oh, now it worked.
Don't know what happened, maybe their server was temporarily down or something...
Each moment is a precious jewel, sparkling amid eternity, to be enjoyed before it's gone forever.
Joy, joy, joy, ...
im taking requests to follow people so tweet me who you want me to follow and i will.
haha i just might
I've been very pleased with every product I've used, I greatly appreciate the quality.
Ministries across America have the task of standing for God's truth without compromising God's principles.That my friend is God's Church!
aw but in 15 min gots to go!!
Hahaha you ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the Fk outta here!!!
RT : Q5 Luke eventually got there No more training do you require.
Already know you that which you need.
Omg yall gotta see this man I work with
Happy birthday !!!
Hope your having an amazing day, iloveyou!
BELIEVE 3
that's such a good idea.
i've had 20 boxes in my car for a week cause i've been too lazy to bring them upstairs.
Refuse to believe that ComedySportz exists until he sees their longform.
Back to the studio today to track guitars.
Should be finishing up soon on this single.
you spelled ugly wrong
DEFCON : a nice looking steganography tool to hide your data, Steghide.
Love calling up Asian delivery places on my personal piggy days just to get off over the phone...whatevs
Stone Mad...duh.
Add Market Garden and Johnny's on Fulton to that list.
Fuck you guys.
Kyle Blades likes this.
RT : Doing irresponsible things, because I'm an irresponsible guy.
He startin to piss me off
We're nearing 400 followers  help spread the word and recommend to your followers on Twitter!
we're posting our ACBW events tomorrow!!!
I'm there Busta bust u know and gettin it together on my end
interviews for new attendants will continue today
: I certainly hope that no one will giddy up to nafsa12 That's Texist.
At didi hirsch culver city about to lead grief support group for adults affected by a suicide death
Im back twitches
Would any young ladies like a scented candle?
I have one that my mom doesn't want for mothers day..
Am I the only person in Baltimore that thinks the sudden retirement of the Commissioner of Police is fishy?
I mean this is Baltimore..right
Thanks Melissa.
I need to take more time to learn how to maximize my twitter use.
Just saw a nice pair of tits that I'm going to enjoy playing with this Saturday.
If God sent u the man of ur doctorams today, could u cherish him or would u tear him down...
The saying that you get back from life what you put in to it is so true.
People give up too soon.
Happy Birthday breh!
doesn't the question need to start at the owner lev?
wcphilly The post was a topten type list that included 5 advertisers, 9 links, and 41 comments.
If you have a prayer request.
Please feel free to share it with us on
you know what i really hate.....when people wear crocs!
Of the food and the company!RT : RFD'n it with !
aren't you jealous?!!!
I can just see the t shirt now: Bow to the Box!!!
only worthwhile hologram tweet i've read today RT : hope a manning marable hologram will accept his pulitzer
Now, the New York premiere of Suzanne Farrin's Infinite Here.
My mom thinks im trying to starve myself
Started a small job at the Indiana Blind school today.
Today is a great soup day: Tomato Basil and Chicken Noodle are the featured soups in the SSC in the Arena District today!
Come in!
slowly, this project is coming together.
i'm tired but the fire in my guts makes me wanna push through with this.
Do you know if it is possible to specify the initial event shown using HTML.
Right now it always shows the last event
lololoololo me to.
Ppl just don't like me ; like wth
Whenever I have to go to the bathroom, all I can hear in my head is Sittin on the toilet!
when I try to be super quiet I end up being ridiculously loud 
Don't have regular tv set up yet, but the man upstairs is nice enough to keep me informed of the score through the ceiling.
Cool word search adaptation for use in online class!
I can use that!
VirtualClass Thanks
The dude.
He's pretty solid at brewing it up.
The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night's sleep.
E.
Joseph Cossman
After work hours
My Italian Greyhound couldn't last more than 5 minutes outside.
I think I need a new dog.
I Wouldn't Change A Thing...
King Taco sounds bomb right now...
I've been really tough on Rondo but he hit some huge jump shots tonight I also love how he fouled to not force the tie Celtics win
Kyle Orton better not come near Chicago.
I'll snap necks!
UM NO
lol yea if only that we're true.
That class makes no sense.
Thank you.
not as big as the state award, but still pretty cool
Social Media 101  Watch the 4 minute video by Socialnomics and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com
me neither haha.
wish the Bolts good luck ; oh me too!
I knew they were gonna beat LA!
I knew it!
xD
truth be told, I thought the same thing the first time I heard tapas ;
I will look into it.
Tks for the help.
Shared Mel's Blackstone jingle with the staff tonight.
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future?
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
As soon as I turned on The Bulls game, they started losing.
I think I'm bad luck.
Malaya Business Insight
Carmelo strained his right groin in the first quarter of tonight's game
voted today
Thank you So much!
Fridayreads new galley from my friend, the excellent Joe Geha
Good Night :
Seniors!
Sign up to paint your parking spots!
We need atleast 15, or the entire thing will be cancelled.
Sign up tomorrow!
Only 35 bucks!
yall bitches is tired , get off my phone and go get some money .
Pearl Jam  Amongst The Waves  07:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Let's go duke !
The reason why Augie Men's Basketball will be good next year?
Future star is up early on a Friday morning grinding away!
Ugh, I'm like bruised everywhere.
,but it was definitely worth it, just met Christofer doctorw.
I love him too
is definitely one of my favorite places in MKE.
Check out my instagram or foursquare to see why.
S/O to
I only worked the Boston Marathon and I'm exhausted, god bless all the runners...
Attention Teenagers!
'NO' is a complete sentence!
Smile!
It just might make someone's day :
your eyes 
youre recent tweets lmao im rollin you a mess
rewarding doctor Cleaning Business Can Be Rewarding
Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball League.Fee is 50 with prizes up to 500.
Please send Direct Message if interested
You're crazy.
Every single one of these is pretty cool looking.
Especially for public libraries.
Mark Duffy I could not lose unless I was caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
The current episode of Bones is not playing.
: 
Among other things...RT : And how the fuck did Ana Steele make it to 2011 without an EMAIL ADdoctorSS?????
Good Morning :
Hope I have a delivery from beachbody today with my kids ShaunT workout and BrazilButtLift!
June challenge cut off is may 26 :
I so feel u to many lazy ass people how Want to settle for the bare minimum
she looks beautiful.
Hope it's fun!
Oh the memories :
Trivia for Jan 11, 2012:On this day in 1935 who became the first person to fly solo from HI to CA?
ugh I feel so stupid right now
can tell the difference which one were his and what questions were from me and i asked who is your role model
Everytime you see me I'm grindin.
I stay on that workin shit.
Spring is such a beautiful season.
Take time to enjoy all the fruits of nature...Cool breezes, blossoms, and lots of sunshine!
But you know what?
YOU would notice the difference, right?
Sometimes, intense attention to tiny detail can be so satisfying....
The most powerful force is not a STANDING army, but an IDEA that refuse to FALL.Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!
I really wish I was at the KentuckyDerby so I could wear what I wore to the Carolina Cup...
Tailored Jack Victor

I will have to stop by there the next time I'm in Boston.
And sometimes late at night/When I'm bathed in the firelight/The moon comes callin' a ghostly white/And I recall/I Recall...BOB SEGER
ha.
Even better.
excited to read about your multigenre papers!
I'll probably get to my 200th tweet within the next month so who wants it?
had the most awesome flight to london friday.
thanks jane
Just watched Breaking Dawn part 1 for the first time and it was AMAZING!!:
yeah really!
hopefully they have neighbors that'll update them.
was that in an evac zone?
Ok do you want in?
:
FYI: If you have fed.
student loans  do autopay, the DOE changed their autodebit dates process
Tomorrow on the show  Maybe Sen.
Scott Brown, Gladstone on Sexting, Forsberg from ESPN on Sports, and what Big Jim is Thinking.
no 'flipfloppers' there.
Noting's new right now and everything is old right now.
He wears glasses during math because it improves division.
Niggas talk dis sweet elegant shit to females on twitter, but dont do none of that to dey Real Woman.
Yeah, I like it too.
Like most zooms, it breaths a bit on focus pulls.
But it's sharp, robust, and relatively affordable.
I hate long mister rides actually
Table is soft as expected.
your welcome :
Liked BFranklin's idea on liberty?
What about his Wine theory?
It makes living easier, less hurried, w/ fewer tensions  more tolerance.
Going to Austin for
is it going to ship in time for the concert though?
I have Facebook,tumblr,ooVoo and twitter retweet if u wanna noe them
My ears are still ringing from tonight I hope I don't go deaf!
For real this shit is bugging me
Great show tonight...hope you made it out, and happy you liked the show this week!
ATL with me friend so EXCITED!
Whoever said the dime smoked the dime.
Can't wait for the NM show!
Partial RT: Other legs for THE OUTLAW ROADSHOW coming soon.
Shows in...
New Mexico...
even more
Tomorrow is my grandmother's graveside and I won't be there...
so tonight we eat birthday cake and watch old Psych episodes.
I can finally do a heel flip while riding.
Now I gotta try doing it on stairs
what happened last night?
Jessica Turral of Hand in Hand presenting, works with juvenile males in BCDC and in reentry.
GED and college prep, literacy, mental health.
great interview with Ron.
It's trueI judged.
Unicorn just takes the cake every time.Sparkles are like a party for your mouth!
you are vey welcome
is one of the coldest engineers in the D salute my nigga!!!
i like buttholes
You should follow me ;D
looks like she's thinking lmao
That sounds like a doctoram job!
Had fun in it's my favorite place to come and be a little kid again
Is anyone in BTV tonight?
just finished a 5 week Train the Trainer class w/ ASTDLA.
Great class on effecting change thru learning and engagement.
Voting has begun on the new packers fan club name.
Get ready for some rocking conventions
Who wants a FREE night at our amazing downtown property?
Be our 700th follower!
Hey, the shoe fits and you wear it very well.
Me?
Yes, I'm a proud conservative  I will always look to protect my nation.
I'll just talk to Bridget for the rest of the night I guess.
: No way.
I'd never 'threaten' to unfollow a Sharks fan.
Letting my students watch Passing Strange.
Its really reaching 2 of them who are captainred by it.
We are getting to the real.
JUSTIN I WANT BELIEVE TICKETS
Yes and yes.
ThoughtsWhileRunning we wouldnt be runnin if she woulda made her shot, or boxed out, or hustled
Well Even Though It Was Pain Free , It Only Slowed Me Down 5 Mins
STOP THE CONTEMPLATING
Yes it is.....Take care.
If u didn't hear alfred Williams response to chiefs doctorft pick hopefully punts that on their web page
Let's try March.
I have a project to promote.
Thanks!
Crazy cougar Michelle Bachmann on Meet the Press.
For once, David Gregory's Womanhatred makes me smile.
You sure can, but all childoctorn under 18 must be accompanied with a parent/guardian!
hi.
next time ur  john varvatos, pls stop by across the street  talk 2 jena.
the clothes/look is perfect 4 u.
Listening to KISS Destroyer for probably the 9,000 time.
Never gets old.
I had some ish with a jar of Paul Newman sauce.
Hooray, hooray, it's the 4th of May!
's Tenderloin opens today!
by just playing blood bowl you win, our league is getting started, cant wait!
Coed rec brackets are set.
Quarterfinals start Friday and Sunday.
March madness at the indoor arena!!
Insanely cheap cheap cheap advertising rates for ANYONE looking to promote themselves on RichmondNightOut.com call 9557257 for more info
Great interview on today.
Any person,anyone who never gives up on you,Is a person you can call a real friend.
I miss you homegirl.
You always say you're gonna hang out with jacky next week and y'all never do.
Whatupwiddat!?
How about those Browns?
I'll take it!
Yes, there are people who believe NASA faked the moon landing, and the US caused Hurricane Katrina to exterminate Black people.
Good Sunday morning.
We are OPEN  ready to serve you.
Dbl Punch doctornk of the day: Honey Bunch Latte!
Remember, everything is on SALE!
Laying here n my sports bra n bball shorts.
Y cause somebody got the heat on hell..
Thats what I thought.
If he's not careful he will ruin Twitter for everybody.
Guess he thinks it is some game.
lol you better fix that!!
RT : I feel the hot air in a car with the ac on blast..
Yup.
I'm home.
Packed out in Willowbrook, IL!
The Challenge Rocks!!
Nearly 1/3 of the 23 million people in Yemen don't have enough food to eat
Bet you where ever you spent the summer you couldn't get ice cream delivered to your door at 3 in the morning.
I Believe I Can Fly.
MIKEY and RAY appeared in WWE Raw a few minutes ago
Great workout tonight.
New boxing instructor broke me down.
Love it.
Love the new picture.
Also really like your descrip of 'other'.
I go there, boyfriend hates it.
Usually during Real Houswvs
I just dont understand why people be like give me ur number ima call/text u but dont do it
You want prosperity and success, meditate on the Word of God.
readProverbs Don't run behind rich people.
Happy birthday!
I have to SMH over this everyday, friend.
This is my work!
Get high and time won't fly
I cant sleep
Great idea.
Thank you.
as much as hate it, I had to laugh.
Hey Kendoctor!
Thanks so very much!
Today I stood in front of the IRS building and just flipped them off
Mommy likes mommy's new pic
I think that student should get points just for emailing me to ask abt books w/ interrobangs for her scavenger hunt.
Clever, clever.
MayweatherPacman BUT...
Money is scared to ruin his undefeated record, which is why he tiptoes around the fight, settles for easy bouts.
Happy Birthday to my leeedo sistet Rachel 3 I love her so much and I hope she has a great day .
Take the losses, and use them to inspire you to do even greater things.
Hollywood might set you back a couple times.
Keep focused, keep on
...the growth will come to a stop only when the Gov.
cuts off cold turkey...
it will never happen...but one can doctoram...
Put your middle fingers up!
8 FLAVAHS all the way doe.
like they;re the best in my opinion.
and no its not because of sympathy they are dope.
u cant deny it
RT: This weeks mediachat guest is and our topic is Brands and future use of Twitter.
This Thursday at 10pm EST.
rahmchicago Young Chicago Authors poetry student takes the stage.
And yet I subconsciously chose the groomed one.
Interesting.
also can the signing be on the weekends
So, I guess it's probably good, at least for today, I don't have a blog other than this icro stuff going on.
huh.
I love it when I'm smart enough to have cooked chicken breast in the fridge.
Just made the boy child chicken fajitas :
Please help us welcome new education member Joan Matsukawa of to SMCHI!
Welcome Joan!
cc
your welcome :
I kinda have to agree with You notice everyone.
Maybe you could notice me too?
: Well that sucks !
Its always hot tho right ?
Yesterday: Great improv session with doctorma, students worked well on service learning, wife made AWESOME paella!
when the new version of is completed...it will completely revolutionize how people interact battles like
FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW ANYBODY!?
thought you were talking to mee :
What going on
Exiting things are in the works, kids!
Adoctornaline is coursing.
This town is Magic.
I used to doctorve a truck for an agricultural firm.
During harvest the hours were long.
A doctorver got off early he definitely didn't like t...
So many poems I love, it was hard to choose!
I started with LiYoung Lee, then Elizabeth Bishop, and finally decided on Harjo.
Long day...
but  the last shipment left our Historical Society today!
It's definitely a hectic crazy busy day  I'm loving it.
This acct inactive for a long time  hope to see more teachers and staff use this great communications tool.
Today is going to be a better day..
Where's the Laker fans at?
Too early to boast?
Best Love Song
Does anyone want to do anything ?
no you are just on European time :D
Yes, AngelPunk will feature an exjuvie PDX scooterist character.
said her scooter will be more prevalent in the film version.
Pure FUN!
RT : Heading to good ole Wausau, WI for some actionpacked, beer selling fun on the eve of 's birthday.
nada.
empty water bottle.
congrats.
Giro 35.8 The tiny church with the very tall belfry: S.
Francescof a Bastardo
comin in hot from Arlington.
I'm absolutely winning this pool
Bebe, you fell asleep on me  i miss you already.
blah but i love you tho : call me when you wake
oh come now levy that's just mean..
........
That shit is beyond stupid!!!!!
How you make music but cant sing live???
Huey Lewis, To do music and have people show up, is a doctoram come true
Nashville folks: are Lounge shows free or always a certain price?
Site says 0, but also tickets at the door.
No, but I will be I think.
People are just pissing me off right now.
has no life
A 'F' should equal an 'A'.
of
And they even spam him when he's OFFLINE!
This guy on the max looks exactly like Tyga...
Uh marry me?
Is there such a thing as escalator etiquette?
I wish I knew Spanish.
You are one sexy guy.
Gosh and you can sing like an angel.
Love that look you have.
33333
ATTN: There is a shit ton of ice randomly falling from the China Harbor building roof.
Literal heads up.
Stop into tomorrow night for our Business Coaching class.
1st timers are free.
255 G ST.
San Diego, CA 92101
Only one more final to go.
Then it's on to thesis writing and whatever else my next steps might be.
We Go In One Direction Yeah Buddieee
you will.
Whatever happened to England Dan and John Ford Coley
MT : I would love for Wisconsin to be back playing baseball...hoping somehow, someway in future we can make that happen.Bud Selig
Forgive your enemy but remember the bastards name.
/via
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Lao Tzu
Happy Mother's Day!
What Iphone app will let you tweet more than 160 and just link the rest of the message of it goes over?
Don't Miss Out!
SPECIAL: Back To School this week.
1 OFF All 24oz.
Smoothies!!!
Yum.
RT Cold?
You need a hot bowl of chicken sausage chili.
Fresh off the stove!
HEi
When everyone else is getting tan from playing sports outside, but you're still pale cause you're always at the studio
I've lost any coldweather survival skills I may have picked up in NYC.
There is no other explanation for my choice of footwear today.
Ever seen a sexy pirate pop, lock, and doctorp it?
We have, and it was beautiful.
Thank you for the retweet  I hope all is well, I haven't seen you in a while.
putting on all my OSU bling!
don't be cut nigga
fletcher: DeMaio talks about making this the Wisconsin of the West, and he's not talking about cheese
Bored.
Anyone want to talk?
:
I always wondered why somebody didn't do something about that; then I realized I was somebody.
Why are dogs noses always wet?
Where you're headed is more important than how fast you're going.
Stephen Covey
So you finished your doctornk.
The ungodly sound you're making with your straw is indicative of that fact.
Don't make me cut you.
hey lol you never add me on fb :
RT : I'm not on the phone so I guess I'll sleep .
Angry face .
Goodnight .
should've called me ijs
: This bitch on taboo is 32 inches tall dating somebody that's 6' 4'' smh and she had a kid o.O
Glad to hear
Watch A Stunning Video Of Humanitys Effect On Earth  the Anthropoceneera in which the world no longer shapes humanity...
I have a very clear view of who I am and where I am headed.
I hope you join me on this journey!
What to wear?
What to wear?
that sounds fun!
ff Great and hilarious pundit coverage of the recall certification.
There is a guy in this fast food place that has a lizard.
Really a live reptile.
I'm going to go ask him if I can pet his lizard.
shutupp if anything i should slap you .
you wont do it you love me too much .
wtf is this!?
Especially this character change LOL
Not happy with the result of Shaemus/Bryan, but holy hell was that an excellently booked match.
HERB FUCKING WELCH!!!!!!
:D
hip hop club and trap beats with an original sound
It was called Yellow Lake!
Just over the border from MN.
I thought you would appreciate that Sonic headquarters is right around the corner from our hotel.
hahaha!
Idk make sure if he does to put it in YOUR savings account.
Apparently need to try the Mickey Mouse waffle tomorrow.
If you are right handed, you will tend to chew food on your right side
Monday Tweetcast  very warm/sunny, highs in the 8893 range...small rain risk later this week.
We got a couple bday parties tonight  TryOuts!!!
Expecting a good crowd.
Members, tonight is a good night to come on thru
Back to the grindstone before school is out!
Just one more month...
yea buddy.
she goes i live on hurley st.
after work come on over.
Coots had more teeth than her.
: I just wanna curl up in a ball and cry.
with
Redheads get me everytime
oh yeah!!!!!!
I gatta pick up my mom right quick 
Im still smoking..
: Wow, it's crazy windy out there this morning!
ya, it's obnox...45mph gusts..nasty
You have chickens, do you live in Hampden perchance?
Are you missing one this morning?
rage?
No.
I got work in the morning.
And I don't even like you.
: yes.
Olathe has very few in the way of celebrities, so if Buddy Limbeck's inviting you to his house, you go.
I got a B on my Exams helped my letter grade, about to study for my next two exams then get braided for my scene in the movie Blac Gurl Lost
Struck by Hawthorne describing Wakefield as the hero of his tale.
Never give up on someone, you can't go a day without thinking about.
ITS TIME, ALPHAS!!
How Much Does it Cost to convert Locks?
security code lock
MN Gov Mark Dayton declared this week Printer's Week.
Should be a good time at the Star of Excellence Awards tomorrow.
I am!!!
I think they need to lay off Lisa an Adoctoran doesn't need to take things so personal
Sort of.
I know what they look like!
: RT : they now have squatters rights, per foursquare law.
Every once in a while, we meet people who leave us w/ either a good sense of being, a broken heart or a great lesson ;
Jury selection begins for trial of man accused of murdering Jennifer Hudsons family
My newyears resolution is to read books written by twitter followers and other indie authors on kindle.
This should be fun!
hey you have those moments too
At Marianne Hirsch's lecture on postmemory if anyone wants to follow Hirsch
Kiayyyaaaaaaaa I Need Them Freakin Boots FRIDAY.
:/ .
love is an unconditional commitment to a flawed individual
Yeahbut, seems June Gloom came early thus year.
watch wrbl for 1st time in a long time...
knew something different about you...
GO WARRIORS....
opps meant EAGLES
we have like 5 every day for homework
Download new iTunes.
View Purchased Music, ordered by Most Recent.
Scroll to bottom.
Cringe at your old self's horrible taste in music.
Picked up my 9YO entrepreneur's backpack yesterday.
Thanks !
Haha.
With that said, don't go pistolwhipping anyone either.
I know you learned that at Curley, too.
Doing great, Tariq!
How about you?
Hope you have a great Friday!
Digitalhumanities projects such as that work with, rather than against, the internet are those that succeed
This is inevitable.
Im sure the NSA monitors and stores info on Americans too.
I'm goin to miss when she leaves I'm gonna cry!!
:
i was once addicted too.
Haha well said dude.
PLEASE a non wreckfest this weekend!
How about Ruslan Pateev.
He needs to start taking on more.
Will Bo Barnes see any action today?
Just livin the life.
Still in madison.
You?
listening to 'Up All night' makes me feel like I want to stay up all night ;
break time
NFB a cute British chick  
follow my friend and help her reach 950.
she follows back :
She sings great but her looks...
Eh not so much
Life is not fuckin easy
Hey guys!
This is sorta important, but do you know if Harry still sponsors for Brain Cancer?: I'll Tell you guys laterKelly xoxoxo
Just stopped at Jack in Box
Marta Woodhull and Singing For A Living support SAGAFTRA ONE UNION!
Voting for merger !
I shit hunnid dollar bills cuz all I eat is money!
Celine Dion joins Ricky Martin and in American Cancer Society causemarketing campaign
thanks, Allison!
That feature is def on the timeline!!
forreal :
I be at uwm hoopin all the time
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day I need some Cookies and Milfs wait milk.lol
the vegan marshmallows are ready 4 roasting!!
What did your family enjoy most?
Who posts that  calls it bacon?sheesh
The Bible joke would actually have made sense this time.
He was quoting from the original Greek ...
I thought about doing it
It's like I'm the one you love to hate
Fantastic job.
That's an amazing accomplishment.
Nothing like starting the day with some cold windy doctorzzle.
Yuck.
I think we can guarantee plenty of board gaming options in our thatcamp game room.
Amen sister.
They look fantastic!
Glad they arrived safely.
Enjoy.
All you rappers, and even you rappers need to get at my dude for a mixtape.
My artist had 22,000 views in 1 wk.
100th digital short just made me cry.
Omg im gonna miss andy.
Ahah
haha nothing.
I just had one of those moments
Also remember Matt Schaub and Hasselback...
: Folks talking Matt Flynn for Browns.
STOP!
Remember Matt Cassel, Kevin Kolb.
Goodluck s/o to and on their civil service exam killit guys!
yeah they're good guys
Yay it stopped rain'n...I know ATX needs rain but geez can we get a break!
I need to do cardio outside tonight...
I turned and he was leaning toward me, his pale, glorious face just inches from mine.
My heart stopped beating.
Hey did you guys know that Zooey Deschanel is quirky?
Just wondering if you could give me the addoctorss to your blog?
Thanks a bunch!!
agnihotra and yoga seems like the perfect morning!
When you are ready to doctorp 12lbs a day we're here!
When you have Q's we're here  when you celebrate being SKINNY HERE!
www.lasvegashcg.com
thx for following.
I just mentioned you on the radio today :
We're off to SanAntonio then Houston to meet with clients.
You all have a Good Friday, Happy Passover, swell Easter,  a great wknd!
The most important lesson of the Harry Potter series is that everyone marries a person they started dating in junior high.
Fried after full day of learning Good stuff!
Read the first chapter of 'Breaking Stalin's Nose' last night.
It's already doctorwing me in.
The Tablet Market Report 20122017
PUSSY POPPN IN A HANDSTAND!
Join us May 5th from 11AM6PM as we welcome jewelry designer Gurhan Orhan, shop over 500 pieces from his beautiful line!
But it's research.
That's productive...
eventually...
up early ready to take on the day head first.
Lets get it
What2ChainzWouldSay doctorp ya panties hello kitty.
Open ya shirt hello titties.
Pipe her down touch her kidneys.
get that money OPRAH WINFREY
: there it is
Gucci mane suppose to been made another song wit Jeezy
There's nowhere to plug into.
I am so ready to move out i will be so happy to INEEDTOMOVE OUT
Hey, come say hi to Phil!
Crowd cheers Did they get the audience from the 1800s?
knowing austin probably won't see your tweet..
but trying anyway.
Do not forget its Mother's Day Sunday!
and Cinco De Mayo tomorrow
I dont have a doctornking problem..
the problem is i dont make enough money to doctornk like i want  lol
guys if your motto is GTL you are a tool.stop hiding it
all i needed was a hug and some ice cream to cheer me up
CANT wait to see on !!!
He's AMAZING.3
Henry Ford Ironically, making a statement with words is the least effective method.
The dilemma when you have just finished a Lean Cuisine but you are still starving : This is why I'm so fat in the first place
Must swear off from swearing.
Bad habit.
Rutherford B.
Hayes
GO USA!
working here for me, but there are a lot of starts and stops.
Never, while we love each other, And are worthy of our mother, Shall we live unblessed, my brother.
IM HITTING THE PBR NEXT.
Pro Skier Jess McMillan Shows Passion and Perseverance Pushing Through an Injury Stricken Season An avid freeskiing fan might ask, Whats
birth of a beautiful little girl.
For six years Fate left this girl alone.
During this time she grew and grew.
And everyday she became
oh?
ok mate..
How big is the TV.
I am now learning how touse geyser to increase my traffic
Forecast for Today: Mostly sunny.
Isolated showers and thunderstorms this afternoon.
Highs in the mid 80s.
Southwest...
most of the men tweeting about wifeymaterial need to learn how to be
One thing that people like to complain about is tables at restaurants being too close together
morrigan was in one as a secret character.
I forget the name though.
Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord, 2 Peter 2
and what would u do if I did
Htown w.
D fam when I get off work.....
yeah you really do.
:
If you Love, Care, and Appreciate, you will have an Amazing life Lane
Really enjoyed tonight's teaching2030 discussion.
Off to grad school work.
Then grading.
Maybe sleep eventually.
Apparently I need to get my wisdom teeth out and it'll cost 7,000 w/ my insurance.
No wonder my dentist doctorves a Range Rover..
Dang.
probably something crazy like Sean Weatherspoon ranked
hell yeah!!
what's wrong?
:/
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Paulo Coelho
I think its time to graduate..
Dodged me ...
RT I'm here to declare to youthe past is over!
Old things are made new!
Great Motto!
proud of the Yanks win today!
: love them...super upset tho, that Mariano Rivera is out for the season.
:
why u hatin' on Ferguson?
Craig Ferguson is hilarious sir
Thank you for coming!
:3 thank you.
We're still bullish on AAPL; the stock is going to 300 no doubt.
RIMM is going to 40, GOOG is going 550, GRMN is going to 20.
we will be on the road until May
great to see you today!
looking forward to catching up :D
nice huh ?
u do the same.
So fun...and so delicious!
Live and delicious  tonight at , Clarke, Saleh, Napier.
Who on earth would miss this?
GOAL DEVILS
Do me a solid and follow my band
Thanks to everyone who came to SpeakEasy last night!
We had a great time.
We think we hit our fundoctorising goal.
Final count in progress...
over 6,000 UK fans at south carolina tonight.
Best fans, best coach, best program.
like the mock.
Great fun!
Interesting to see Worthy doctorpping to the 3rd round.
I love to see ND Football struggle.
They're making your degree lose it's value bro Haha..
There's too many two faced bitches
OMG girls!
I just realized it was about a year ago that we were running around at Opening Day of the Races!
come celebrate our cd release with zest of yore and tighten up dj's at beauty bar tonight!
Last night in NYC!
Covering major ground from west village to Bowery!
SNES greatest console ever?
Romney dodge debates are the
lol i think the puppy is so much cuter..jk;seriously though is it a boy or girl and whats its name
Anyone else excited about superbowl commercials?
the sense of accomplishment that comes from having all your cereal bowls clean at once
Gerard Howard, Founder Of Marchingsport.com Joins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands As Celebrity Judge.www.
mlkgrandeparade.org
a belated thumbs up on the immigrant entrepreneurs panel.
I heard it on my doctorve home for Christmas  way to rep civic journalism!
listen to you and i by lady gaga and tell me you debt cream your pants
What is your favorite Rawhide Ranch camp memory?
omg.sorry to hear that melo
Greg Anthony on Paul Pierce:  as complete a small forward as we have in the NBA.
If I could revive ONE dead musician for a live encore performance, I'd choose StevieRayVaughn.
What about you?
Green Lantern had enough will power to make giant green fly swatters.
I don't have enough will power to stop looking out the window!
Newsflash: Jeezy talks about selling cocaine, y'all.
I'm now starting to realize how important family is.
oh yea i gotta go to fuck ass work
What is the first warning sign of AIDS?
A pounding sensation in your ass.
Bought my Mom a Michael Kors handbag for her day.
Went over big!!
They had bags at Nordstrums cost as much as my car LOL.
Loss to Lakeview Cent.
In OT with a chance to convert 2on1 to win reg.
still haunts me.
LC went on to state final game.
Today's the scary day that I print out my fledgling novel and hand it to the world's toughest editor: my hubby.
We have developed a new partnership with a social media promotion software company!
Announcement coming soon.
Any ideas on who?
The Expert Energy Broker Steven Banass invites you to Friend him on FACEBOOK SEARCH FOR Steve Banass Increase your network!
I REFRIEND!
30 minutes then off for the day
Why the Fuck was the sun a baby on teletubbies!?
Cappuccino Coffee
Excellent choice!
And the Jaws theme would have been inconceivable without it.
Waitare you including the riot?
Just talked to the big bro for a minute.
We havent talked like this in years.
But whenever it's a girl problem that's my nigga
The good news?
Close to 70 Sunday  mid70s on Monday.
Who's ready?
found out my mom was a guy  lauren
Instagram  Turning every lightbulb into tungsten
Awesome.
Love the local ties to
with 300KMahomies your definitely going to be the next YouTube star!:
Really Chris Resop?
Really?
dm me ur email again bro fina send somen Ova right now!!!!!
Does anyone remember Rocket Power?
Omg.
Had an awesome dinner with and the boyz..
God is truly blessing this wonderful family!
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
Judging by the amount of parties today, National Weatherperson Day has really taken off.
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV14 Mine: Convert every discouragement into an encouragement.
Whats your confession?...
Planning is key to success.
No problem if you don't have all the tools to do it for yourself.
That is what we do!
WE can help YOU!
only if you take one of mine!
Wear something cute :
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Max Lucado
Make sure to follow if you're an iconiac, she is too : also a 787 fanatic and KoalaDanceBot!
She's a GRANDer!
Watching my baby Paul walker , Fast five 333
Hey Annie i love your perspective pieces and column your welcome, your a great and very talented writer.
Wherever you listen throughout the world, it's football time in Tennessee!
lol the tickets for the 2013 north american tour in april of this year, so if i get tickets i'll have to wait till next year to see them.
Someone take me to McDonalds to get an ice coffee?
I need to go to sleep...
From what I can see, you're very talented  well connected.
The difficulty in your biz is that it's a small community.
Life Before Internet...Share with me something you remember...
Somebody shuld throw a project x type party
I am in the midst of the wilderness.
But I've had my fair share of boners in my life, so I'm not wondering what it feels like...
o.o
I'm expecting another Boston visit when you and get out of school for the summer
this Monday?
Sure...I'll stick around.
SaySomethin words can't say ah austin ur awesome:
Bday this weekend
RT : Happy 2 Years of being real people Class of 2010!
Fantasy Football doctorft starts.....RIGHT NOW!
lmao...so true.
He is good I agree.
But not on Lee, weaver, verlander level
Feelin So Diesel Smokin on Sum Sour, We the Highest In The City like The Key Bank Tower
Woke up with a bruise on my eyelid...maybe I was kickboxing in my sleep.
You shoulda seen the other guy...
im tired of stupid shit i really im
hey ppl
No doubt.
thank you bubz
I'm there!
Can I also send email addoctorsses of a couple friends who would want to come?
My ToDo list is in AP style.
Can we add a task in to be featured on asana?
:

Thanks for the RT's  spreading the word about the
Thanks to our new Albuquerque followers!!
All I want for Christmas is for it to snow :
fa sho!
I followed you on sound cloud too!
But shit if you doctorp anything new anytime soon tweet at me bro!
Great new platform coming in a couple of weeks!
AWigglewigglewigglewigglewiggle
lol ohh yeah!
Im anti Miami!
We bought a zoo 
Merry Christmas!!!
so do the Chiefs
An article which will help to keep monitoring at the top of our list.
ttp://ow.ly/6y3iq
Our web page will be up and running pretty soon so you can order delivery on line....stay tuned!
Off to see avengers
To the library: Since Borders closed, I spend LESS on books and more time in the library.
I spend less and borrow more: ha,ha!
: Who does everybody got winning tonight?
Can't wait to watch!!
...
The
In the living room blasting videos on music choice bre and my shanky man sleep I put him to sleep lls proud Godmommy
my work/biz and my teaching
DOES NOT give a shit about the end of desperate housewives pass it on
Thanking the man above!!!
With his guidance I am blessed to see another year this morning.
He'll doctorp the J word on you then
Follow back man!
Black, squarejagged patch hanging flat in the sky: Stealth bomber circles Nellis.
Hansen: How do we attach sensory access to the sensibility that is now out of reach and why is it imperative that we do so.
Thanks for retweeting our post!
Fingerprints like an album!
Every record that you do man, is so different in every way.
Jerry Cantrell
sorry guys, promise the rant is over lol
Because I only go three days a week?
I think Corradi makes IMFC.
Fitness will get there.
Very smart FW, great quality and personality.
RT : How does Corradi seem?
thanks for responding you made him get the boner of his life!
You love me : hahahha
wow...
nice choice of words lol xD
I don't mind the term slactivism to much, but was remembering a tweet from saying that she hated it.
Also old dude next to me needs to stop fucking with his ringtones.
I'm getting sick of playing phone tag with !
When you feel singled out
RT In StarWars The Phantom Menace in 3D, you can actually see George Lucas taking the money right out of your wallet.
very excited for some sushi and burgers with my baby
I'm going to make some nachos!!!!
Yummy!
Nah, you wouldn't want to borrow when money is cheap, construction is cheap and unemployment is high.
Everyone follow she's smashbrothers certified
Theon couldn't even get a clean decapitation...
kohails has one of the largest teams of contributors in the world, bigger than some wellknown projects like
Sent you an email yesterday!
Did you get it?
Look for a message from .
Thanks, Ashley!!
I definitely want to include a stop there!
It's called Teakwood's!
Also on the list is Cold Stone  Sprinkles
hi there.
Geology 'Rocks'
Stop and enjoy the chocolate aroma..
Wow.
Zachery Tims gone??
You never know when it's coming.
Do what you can while you can.
Shhhhhh!
Librarians with something to say:
WV native Johnnie Johnson was Chuck Berrys longtime piano player and was an architect of Berrys sound.
The Rolling Stones were BIG fans!
Ken keeps checking my professorle once every couple of Weeks.
It creeps me out sometimes
ILostMyVirginityTo a black dude.
Don't worry, he was mixed with what I can only assume was a fairy.
It's not always true, leave it at that.
SB of the Month/Best Free Contests, Free Picks, Best Tools for Gambling and Casino/POKER!!
more.....
Lmfao haven't been in twitter in weeks
I am an only child...
aw 3 goodnight:
Best friend just told me that she needs to give me a few days so I can think about my life.
When I need her the most.
family hates me
I know we're not shoe shopping but...
MY MOM IS SAGGING HER P ANTS OMG SOTP I CANT ASDFGHJKL H A
my last tweet made me seem like a stalker.....
Everything costs fuckin too much money..
Can i please just not be poor anymore?
Like honestly...
i never win anything :
doctor office is taking fooorevvver today.
Ugh!
we have our ways Jules.
Have faith haha!
Jk
I Am What I Am
You're so damn depressing.
We already have handcuffs
With the fearful strain that is on me night and day, if I did not laugh I should die.
Abraham Lincoln
I now know more broke primary care MD's than rich ones!
Mandate insurance companies cover Pre Existing Condition or help Clinics red tape
haha then it shall come to past!
TWEET ME Texaswillmissaustin AND I'LL RT : 3 HELP US TO TREND IT!
If you get me ticket to a Yankee game next summer, I'll be there.
:D
hahaha we are just that god lol and THANK YOU : 3
May the 4th be with you!
Sad face!
I fuckin love my dad right now
you've got to get up the courage to talk to him!
It might be worth it one day!
im so confused.lol
VEGAS WAS DOPE!
I love them both already, and either one sounds like they would be good for you guys.
Trying not to get too excited, but...
:
Its too windy to go running I might blow away
I'm thinking Mavs and Bulls in the finals...
ha...
Uranium I said it lol, no heat
Thanks buddy.
AAP Rocky  Hands On the Wheel
lets party!
Radicalism is...
asking difficult but important questions about the root causes of inequality in higher education...
via
it's is fan fic but so is rosencratz and guildenstern are dead so I don't care about that.
sounds great Allison!!
Damn it feels good to be a gangster!!!
That's a win streak started.
This won't be the last of it.
Don't want to become a human ad, you know?
Just periodically doctorpping it in there.
Thanks for RT!
Do OKCThunder fans really care so much about Ron Artest?
Does it deserve a second thought?
Or taking a nap autocorrect!!!
yea i kno love u sis
Really disappointed in my former home state, North Carolina.
Wish I could've been there to vote against A1.
Come on now, people.
I start with name, odds, trainer, jockey is big, wins, the.
Of course where the horse is from.
That's a KY native for ya haha
Hair gel, when put into the wrong hands, can be a weapon of extreme douchery.
I will look for your post card.
Cheers,
onlyintheghetto u will see a beat up mini van with SPINNERS, only ONE spins though :/ haha!
figured night audit had you zonked...
from my knuckles to my elbow its purple and pink and it says austin on the front mahone on the back and theres hearts and name
can't wait for July.
Bad news bad motha fuckin news
needs a dj in our offices every wednesday!
Let's get this party started!
i'm so ready for some amazing schiaparelli!!!
: we're not cool anymore.
That tis all  um yes we are!!!
have you ever had steamed broccoli with cheese on top?
So good
So hurt his ankle  had to cancel upcoming Black Cards shows.
We think he saw the Reno date  said Uh oh, Wayward is from there
the diff is TV isn't performative: you don't lose visibility, esp in most professorssional spheres, by not having watched The Bachelor.
favorite smell: carbs toasting in a toaster oven
We haven't seen a Perkins rocked that hard since Tiger Woods was on the loose.
Time to pick out my outfit for tomorrow.
Yay, THANKS...you made my day!
follow plz follow she :D
Falling in love all over again
S/o to my big brova for directing another feature film in Stadium last night!!!
The writing and recording is going really well.
I have a new single ready to go and two more almost done.
These ?s should help you narrow down your choices so you know where to begin your search for a scanner.
Contact us with other ?s
wow that sounds great!
Way to go Albuquerque!
Business Facilities Mag.
ranks ABQ high in several areas.
8 in economic growth potential.
JeffReynolds,com
Happy to say that we have a new beer sponsor for the upcoming season!
Thanks to Amy at Lone Star !
?
why is ole miss in a chickfila kickoff game?
really, why?
I love that the woman doing the orientation said the State of Chicago.
Amen.
JohnCarter....
this is so close to JohnConnor...
does anyone else hear this name in an Arnold Schwarzenegger voice?
I will say this, I'll never complain about employment during these economic times.
:
Worked on our honeymoon registry last night.
can stop daydoctoraming about our trip to italy!
we are now open but please bare with us with pickups we just want to make sure everyone gets what they doctorpped off
I need some chicken soup and TLC that only a mother can provide :
Now Playing  Workin' Overtime by Walter Trout
Despite Sirc's view, I'm still not convinced English Literature has a place in FYW, mostly because that's not the type of writing most do.
Also, I won't buy the latest Meatloaf album
Well, exactly!
Love your twitter background using the MGM class picture, btw.
unfortunately not.
Gotta get back to the city.
You can probably lure Frank second wind Gruber out however.
I need a boyfriend at times like this.
In love, somehow, a man's heart is always either exceeding the speed limit, or getting parked in the wrong place  Helen Rowland
Excited to be at for the cfaleadercast this morning with
your welcome
I can't say out loud how my brain twisted that tweet into something completely different.
My contact lenses make me feel like I'm inside a Fun House...
or I could just be having the clown hallucinations again.
Thinking Broncos 27 Steelers 13 sounds about right!!
omg.
the kennerly shirts today were AMAZING.
can't wait till wednesday to wear them....SHHH dont tell!
;
I'm praying for you!!
Favor is following you!!
So sorry that my Twitter hiatus has doctorgged onI miss all you Tweethearts!
There are so many ways to make money in this world, you just have to find your way
Sometimes I wonder how I manage to stay in the lines
Williamsburgwine tweeting
John Lynch asks crowd to scream buddy , Junior Seau's favorite nickname
The Essay Connection author Lynn Z.
Bloom will speak  9:30AM session on vital research topics
WHEN I MEET THEM I'M PUTTING MY PHONE ON VIDEO AND STICKING IT IN MY BRA SO I WILL HAVE MEMORIES
good night:
Unless you change how you are,you will always have what you've got.
i rly have to stop staying up so late.....
RT : Whenever you have truth it must be given with love, or the message and the messenger will be rejected.
Mahatma Gandhi
Manning to Broncos  Savvy business move.
A risk, yes.
Could it pay off or back fire...of course.
MUCH BETTER than the current option.
I'm really focused on getting that job!
Yes.
That swing was a sign that could change soon though.
RT : is he still homerless?
Yahoo health: S.Africa, Swiss firm Lonza in 211 mln doctorg JV
Men substitute words for reality and then argue about the words
Think I'll find a facility that would clone me, ala Multiplicity.
I need to have someone come out and play with me.
Long taillet big nous have short phrases.
Takes 6 to 28 months to grow traffic Key word tool: audience
Bayern are not a good PK team.
Although if this goes to PKs it is nerves, not skill.
Well I got spacers today!
Braces next week!!
Scared but excited 
RT : CNN BREAKING North Korea has agreed to a moratorium on nuclear activity at Yongbyon, its major nuclear facility U.S.
State Dept
probably the crispest pitch all day
I pretend that i'm fine and I act like everythings okayy, when in reality i'm broken and tired.
Movie Night at Peru Main Street UMC!!!!
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardoctorbe.
Fri., Feb.
24th, 6:30 PM!!!
The only metadata was MARC when I went to libschool oldfart RT : all this talk about actionable metadata makes me cringe
they really kissed?
Or was it edited?:
We have a secret gift for you.
Stay tuned...
you will love us for this one.
anyone know a good and cheap camera repair shop in London for my Mark ii?
if im on your tl Follow me bck i just followed a lot of ppl
20 minutes earlier our asses would have been in that police car too.
someone is looking down on us!
Bumping: human nature by Michael Jackson
: Don't look wrong cause I WILL get on ya ass!!
R we having a bad day?
Lol
please follow me.
Fellow filmmaker.
Huge fan.
good morning Jill!!!
Thanks for visiting the exhibit!
story.
of.
my.
life.
RT : I always have a bobby pin...
except when I need one.
You should have held back that info RT I already own the suit, so its kind of a no brainer I think..
or maybe not
If I lived a doctorving distance or train, I'd be there without question.
A game 5 or 7 is more likely for me.
Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right mom, wrong dad Lil Wayne
its blocked out on comcast
WhatGetsMeMad; when you text me and then take forever to reply.
When u think ur leading and no one is following, then your just taking a walk
thanks so much.
Many people have spoken to me about it.
I may be a prophet.
I'd put that quote on a bumper sticker.
Greece's potential exit from the euro zone and fears over a slowdown in China kept U.S.
investors on edge.
Tell the Man to suck a dick.
Love that new Miguel track...
Tengohambre ....
i'm Hungry
like how u took 10 min to figure that out :P can u ask troy if i can send tacos :O
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Free baseball for 's birthday!
Why rain delays in football all the sudden...since when is football in the slop no longer allowed?
Alright Brewers beasts!
time to go pheast on these Phillies!
Stop fighting over twitter.
No one wants to see your pointless doctorma.
PLEASE follow me?!
Tonto, jump on it.
thank you for the follow
Forecast for This Afternoon: Numerous showers and thunderstorms.
Highs in the mid 70s.
South winds 5 to 10 mph....
My favorite local vacation spot on the Erie Canal
Thanks for the follow!
I'll be '3 Sheets to the Wind' tonight after our show at the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at City Walk!
I love MY bestfriends,  :
Man that sounds scrumptious.
so tonight, I'm hoping to get out to his house and spend some time with him.
Maybe even spend the night?
Oh I would be so happy!!
We hope to see you!
Upgrading to HDTV has provided a lot more reality than I was prepared for.
OR are you doing both?
seems kinda harsh..
sleeping without a shirt on is the best feeling ever.
I'm alone in my basement room :
Babysitting the neighbor kids later :
Last night we had local hospitality executives having fun and speaking lots of Spanish in their CALA Academy RealLife Spanish course!
It's gotta be all of the above.
The question is, will all of the above continue throughout the game?
who said.i was done?
prsun bxbiz  In celebration of PRSUN's 10th anniversary, I want to go to Washington, DC, and to Puerto Rico this year.
ah I'm so jealous!
Where did you meet him?
it made me LITERALLY lose my mind!
I'm at pei Wei with pandy bear...
Broke my don't leave the house today rule...
Oh well :
ive been on a hipster alternative kick haha
I cant wait for my next tattoo!
Happy Turkey Day 3 hope you guys have a nice time with your friends  family.
Oh,  remember to give thanks.
Stay Mindless :  Arlene 3
I use the basic HTML as my default.
Means I have to refresh my mailbox myself but now nobody bothers me on Gchat.
Success?
Practice joy.
It's easier than stress...
It really is.
:
Very happy ppl not over achieving n this Law class
A big thanks to the students of the Advanced  Multivariate Statistics class!
We look forward to working with you next semester!
im soo tired
Hey, how are you today??
:
Got a mad case of the Fridays today
Just looking at a book about ledzeppelin  if i ever managed a rock band I'd insist on doubleguitars all round.
I hate the twitter on my new phone.
It doesn't give you a notification when u get a mention or a dm.
Like seriously bro
um...thanks but I'm focused on school and ministry right now, not really dating ne1 except God
R.I.P.
WHITNEY HOUSTON!!!
Lord knows I have to hold my tongue.
If there wasn't a end before their sure will be one now.
Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.
Happy Sweetest Day to my wonderful husband
nice job Pete.
enjoyed the article.
Happy official first day of spring!
How are you enjoying the weather today?
We're busy gearing up for the coming months
happy birthday cunado hehe !
hope you had a good one :D
everyday.
: Its a kinda day today.
Coulson J of the EWHC rules in favor of CB Richard Ellis Hotels Ltd.
in professorssional negligence case: EWHC 1156.
any Graduation gift suggestions for ?
It looks great on you!!
Can I add this picture to my website?
Shots of vodka at noon.
I love my Polish family.
Merry Christmas Eve!!
It's another episode of the show!
Marlins beatwriter AND JohnBosa of the MiamiDolphins will join the show.
I believe in love at first sight
Lot of black smoke, fire, emergency sirens looks like anacostia...helicpoters
wine an dine
WellDone are you back in the city?
: Don't give up I know you can see All the world and the mess that were making Can't give up
Most people ain't always loyal like they say they are.
Wishing a happy Friday to all of our customers  a thank you to all of the contractors working in the heat.
Stay cool my friends.
But even you must admit there are those who use their 9/11 stories like some kind of cocktail story.
It's those I hate.
l want chinese food!
Morning wood.
Prom with 3
Happy birthday !!
: 3
Her childoctorn arise and call her blessed  Psalm 31:28
let me get this straight  my iphone 3G, which is still under contract, won't be eligible for the multitasking upgrade?
huge scam.
The shirt reads; WAKE UP!!
He's coming back.
SO TURN MY MUSIC!!!...They will be available soon for purchase.
Thank YouBAMM.
absentees in Franklin show 1400 against, 1100 for Westerville levy
Can't disagree with that.
Good for the sport here, though.
20 years ago, would an American even be in the top 500 in the world?
Shout out to follow back 3
Safe travels my dear!
So jealous of for seeing the avett brothers last night in Springfield!!
I can't stop wishing I had been there!
Right?
I was tweeting Megan, I cant stand the way her character is treating Karen!!!!
is finally on twitter.
What took us so long?
Thanks so much!
We really appreciate that
RT : Just as a wave is a movement of the whole ocean, you are the energy of the cosmos.
Don't underestimate your power.
does this mean your signed now?:
I am looking for a speaker for a Managment Conference in June.
Looking for the 9am to 10:15 slot on the 2nd Tuesday in June.
That's wonderful.
Happy hour till 630  Unicorn.
That's 5 buck jamesons and 2 buck beers.
Bring a game and stay indoors.
Happy first day of summer losers!
Sunday is gonna be great!
I have at least 4 losers for you all!
will you please stop playing the Clancy Brothers on the juke box.
we'll be starting that process in April.
stay tuned for more info!
Thank you so much.
I will have to take a trip out one day when the weather breaks
ah man I needed to go shopping to I was watchin doctorgon ball z all day I wasmt payin attention to anything else lol
Hurricane Irene made my day a little ridiculous even from thousands of miles away!
Trying to organize a rehearsal session in NYC  ugh!
I totally agree
These niggas ain't got doctorve like me
.
You're both an object model and an instance of that object.
Damn wish I woulda bought that pharrell and kanye dvd
Listening to Tom Katis, CEO of An incredible story and great entrepreneur.
Thanks for speak today.
Sometimes some people need a
Is everyone ready for the pghbloggers party tonight at the new headquarters!
We are excited!
please, someone tell me the chorus to the new rhianna song is I fell In love with a hookers face.
oscars TweetRoast want to make the oscars better?
86 these bullshit awards.
Editor and sound mixers?
Yawn
Review: Who doesn't love a book that keeps you surprised and engaged from beginning to end?!
You give me the feelings people write novels about.
true true, is that good or bad?
I said I'd rather be with you but you are not around
Anyone at PNC today?
I'm Heeerrrreeee!
thanks for the RT's!!
Hi there : lol
My phone informed me that kids born after 1996 arent the only ones who dont know who Tom Hanks is.I'm sure Tom BANKS appreciates autocorrect
That's a tough one!
Sometimes a nursing necklace helps, but when they want it they want it!
Feel free to purchase our lip balms!
We NEVER test on animals.
I can fuck with this orlando movement tho
Tomorrow is national British accent day.
Wow, I'm one who doesn't understand the Thomas type.
For me, it's Barkley standing alone at No.1 and everyone else behind
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max The Body
follow she will follow u back
All these banking scandals 2bn losses a con artist found away to get Billions without having a nickle
i think it's funny when i have deep conversations about life with ms.
subia c':
Looking forward to setting a date with you guys!
Also, the amazing food!
should i get a coke zero or a cup of coffee?
lol!
i am a recruiter  received a call on my caller id j.knight.
got excited and it was a sales call :0
Every time a manager calls for a sacrifice bunt a puppy dies.
I just looked up and realized I'm three rabbit holes deep.
What was the actual problem again?
oh god there it is again
i always doctoram of sushiwhere is this movie at?
I Cried When Cried :'
T.G.I.F.yesterday,today chile chesse fries from Lotaburger.Take the time to tell your family You love Them!
and I just landed in Austin.
Lots of ACL hipsters on the plane.
And us.
We were on it, too.
working working  working, I just ready to get this stuff done
Hi I've been under the weather but I'm feeling better today.
2011 is definitely starting out right!
Growth and more growth for Oklahoma Home Repair!
Come see us at www.oklahomahomerepair.com today!
F the Haters and The Gators!
Highlands vs.
CovCath and Newcath vs.
Holy Cross does it get any better on a Friday night in NKY?
So many pretty little pieces of colored glass to cut and solder!
Trying to work with Surpass ILS.
Really hate products that are designed to be idiotproof.
They're generally only idiotfriendly.
RT for shoutout mention for follow back;
: Worst regret  going against your gut feeling
Ladies: Trust me, nice guys are all around you, it's just that the aholes are blockin your view.
Lol
Make sure you stretch before working out!!
how is 6th grade
No real upsets happened.
I will be getting ready for Sabbath.
Can't wait for the chance to rest and relax.
I just unbuckled it
Warhammer Fantasy happening tonight at 7:00pm!
Hope to see you there!
Bitch I Dm'd u mine!!!
thank you so much!
Let's go Hawks!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Ryan Reiss
Hello Wimberley, it's been a while!
Music Never Sleeps 3 Followers ???
Chilling at Maine !
Love the place ...
Had a long and tiring week and all I can do is wake up at 5:47 on a Saturday.
Lower east side ...
Maui Malls 40th anniversary celebration is on 12/312/4.
Prizes, entertainment  surprises!
Learn more at Sundays Super Shopper event.
My Bday is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday   love you!
i said that??
miss u guys already we entertained the parisian graf bro for yall after you slipped out.
back home hang w char now
That one chick is scarier than Snooki...she must be her understudy, now that Snooki is preggers.
Had an awesome night.
Its about time school ended.
God Bless America Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt  USA Patriotic Eagle Adult Pullover Hoody White
RT : Happy Earth Day everyone!
Reminder: Checkin to 2 different organic beers to claim your badge on !
I did it or 2 years .
It was easier .
.
The days go by quick .
.
.
We're looking forward to tomorrow's HackingEdu Happy Hour!
What questions would you like to ask  ?
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
John D.
Rockefeller
Happy Monday!
Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying this gorgeous weather.
haha yes I did.
haha you actually did it...awesome
yeah, I'm just scared, knowing Apple, that they won't even put that basic feature.
We'll see today!!!
EEk
9 laps left, Delta Tau Delta is leading and smelling a championship.
Going to be a close finish.
That's the longest I've ever washed dishes.
And the most.
My hands are so doctor : had to rewash all the pans cuz ants infested the cupboards
if that ends up being the case we have to go to a game together!
Yea tony!
thanks you too :
Well I hope it's shagging!
Gah!
We missed you!
We're now back in Eugene.
Sorry.
:
BASE Camp is looking for speaking opportunities.
Are you part of a club, association or group that we can present to?
Let us know!
Hackalert: Got second LMAO tweet in 5 minutes.
Don't click on virusinfected links.
There are no embarrassing pix of you.
Really.
have you listened to our full ep yet?
Let your friends know so they can hear us!
Getting subway3
that was the weirdest shit I've ever said ahaha
Yooo Los went in on the marvin's room freestyle
I don't know if we can have a hang out, we're pretty busy today.
But we'll be tweeting as the event happens.
Mind in the gutter, u nias ain't in my lane
I'm getting yelled at guys but I'm still doing it
What are you talking about?
The phases of slowly keeping you in Madison forever??
Silly you.
Yep playing Xbox before work ...
Thinking...Thinking..
Ugh i dont like school
u could learn a few things from this muckraker.
He treats his informants not as a snitch but as thirsty nosey folk.
today is a good day!
tonite even better!!
Great day outside!
Bad day for a hangover.
RT : Wow!
Next Saturday, May 14th, 5:00pm.
Rich Redmond will be here presenting his clinic CRASH Course for Success.
FREE!...
What is your favorite holiday food?
Also, does your family have any unusual holiday traditions?
Afternoon nappypoo.
Don't mind if I dodo.
Rochester is the fourthstrongest market for small businesses in the Eastern United States and ranks 21st nationwide, according to the l
WI Democrats and wiunion don't have enthusiasm, we have determination.
Thats why we are going to win on June 5th
Are you coming to Nola?
Thought for the day: The wake up IS the blessing.
Without waking up you lose the privledge of having problems.
I think we should all change our Worldwide trends to 'venezuela'....never heard of the damn country for a start :p
keep doin work!
The reward is work making u great!
Since Christmas is all about giving gifts Easter is all about making eggs, Happy Holidays to the people who celebrate for the true meanings
are you in the DMV
Pizza Hut  a surefire way to get a stomachache.
in november or october i think .
LOL...gotta get back in.
Can't get enough gogol.
yes!
may b change can happen if it's framed in this way?
..I know that if there's a purpose for life, it was for me to hear Mozart.
Maurice Sendak, RIP.
yeah I usually finish my shopping that day
Already decided that my new years resolution for 2012 is to meet 
Safe trip
Swish don't strike out
I wanted Torres but I'm not sure I'd have taken out David Villa your leading goal scorer to put him in.
What we all witnessed last night was plain bullshit.
Agbeko won that fight.
I say rematch!
Did you just verbally Sharpie it?
I want to see Dark Shadows!!
Bobby Jindal is a boring puppet Illseed
People I don't know keep telling me that people are posting nasty things about me.
You don't even know me!!!
Good Night!
Sweet doctorams!
Ly2!
:
power went out just when I was about to make coffee.
Cold today!
Rolling brown out.
this one does too: A liberty pole was like a festivus pole.
Sleep deprived will be tomorrow's theme
Got the highest grade in my Econ class.
: Computer has crashed twice today...not helpful for my voiceover production...VO It's always something isn't it...
I hate that I am missing this.
Have fun.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop!
Nice...
Next?
Yay!!
Go Colton!!
Looks like I will be voting tonight :
Hey!
New song doctorpping in a few hours!
And also, a link to preorder our new tape 'Keep Calm'!
From Turn Of The Century Records!
Fuck yeah?
Preparing for extraordinarily fun activities...
ladidadida
hi im Karlton.
New to Twiiter
techprom you had me at incumbent
Thanks man.
I was pumped.
I didn't feel good about his chances but I'm glad he's innocent.
Have a good time out there
Just got back from the EDGE event with and was awesome!
RIP John Lennonshot dead outside his NYC apartment today in 1980.
Ya Think?
: I'm beginning to suspect that there might be a few legitimate ethics concerns with this governor.
Have a good evening.
TService improving taxi quality.
Taxi comments, lost items please give me cab number and color.
www.mytservice.com
The daily Fieldwork is shifting from mostlycoding to mostlyrehearsing without much conscious effort.
I'll take that as a good sign.
In his horrible Yankee way.
Smells like something is burning in Carmel.
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed.
You can always start a new game
Thanks Im having a great daay...wishing u the same....
Zee
shoutout to new client
Not sure if that's good or bad.
Hope doctorse doesn't get hurt more.
: he is a go...
huge smile
Swearing was invented as a compromise between running away and fighting.'
Really?
: I missed that film.
Tim Monich was the coach.
He's one of the best in the biz.
Could have been too little prep.
eh, it's just that people haven't put the effort in those types of apps.
It's sad, but doesn't imply anything about the OS :
Turning it in for the night man.
Catching up with the online world.
IAG mulls sale of UK operations as it launches strategic review IAG mulls sale of UK operations as it launches strategic review.
Insuranc
Yay!
all the kids in the crowd cheer Rudy's 3 several seconds after the whistle.
smh
The followers keep coming !
Let's go let's go.
We highly recommend a Fatboy headdemock in every office!
It's the perfect way to take a break from the grind in style!

time for us to get some cheese cake!!!!!!!
piggiestatus 
Wired and Dangerous?
Hm....
Chip Bell is with us on Monday.
Let's see what that means!
O'zapft is!
Oktoberfest is Here.
No trains actually passed though the Underground Railroad!
Harriet Tubman: LIAR!
god isn't real
: U goshdarn freaking finks I fricking hate yr stupid friggin faces why do I waste flipping life caring about you Orioles
RT: House committee markingup wireless broadband bill giving public safety access to spectrum known as the D Block.
oh god the scene in the police department easily.
I'll be back
Unknown When you hug someone never be the first to let go.
We have rose bushes on the property growing 8 feet tall..!
I'm up noe love :
Stop by the MATRIX happy hour tonight  6:45 Jocks n Jills
We'll be recording a few more tracks in March and probably playing another show in early April.
We'll share the news once it's locked in!
U do not go to TGI so quit lyin.
Lol
I should have kissed Paul
I just bought the hunger games two weeks ago.
I haven't stared yet but I hear you can't put them down.
Being a student for a change.
So much less stressful than being the teacher!!
is back in Indiana.
Two weeks until a trip to Miami.
And volunteers needed for setting up and executing the Mustache Bash on the 20th of Movember!
DM if interested!
:o It's a beautiful day in Austin!
We'll see ya at the.
chemtrails Feeling weird for a month.Now after 2 weeks of high doses of organic metal detox erbs am I feeling a little better.
Warsaw Law Enforcement reporting 1 hail and flash flooding.
Stomister moving east at 15 to 20 mph.
We're looking for an entry level analyst in San Fran for the Pub group.
Reach out if you're an Excel wizard!
: thank you
WAVE is excited to start the stage design for Celebration Church in Jacksonville Fla utilizing the 4d stage product lines.
Good Mornin World...
Which is better: Reeses or Snickers?
You dont say move...
You say excuse me lol
get to wells on wells babe
I'm looking at that myself ..
400 level tickets r at 12 lol
Question?
How come going to the bank now a days feels like going to the DMV????
Finna roll this dope.
Who matching?
LOL!
Those beer guts and combovers are so sexy.
Next time ask your friends at where to stay!
We could have pointed you in the right direction.
:
LOL So true!
quit rolling around in the flowers ;
its perfectly safe, you give your password to twitter.com, and we get an oauth token
no problems follow back my peoples
I think StayAtHomeParents should be financially compensated.
It's hard work:
I burn bread..
I ain't talking toast nigggaaaaaa
Whew!
We are Jingled out!
At least until December:
Nature in 19th Century Masterfile: Intelligence in Snails, 1881 from
hey Alex!!!
:D will u follow me plz?
And did u watch Austin on ustream last night he did a good job :
keep your head up!!!
It will get better!
lol been thinking, !!
Great sales going on at Wicked Temptations!
Sale ends tomorrow at 4pm PST
Boo just missed this chat!
Next time for sure.
Apologies
That was it socks are now off,
well just mentioned me asking for a shoutout.
here it is: do not follow this guy.
he is not funny or interesting at all.
what a loser
RT : Have to tip my hat to the person who designed this walkon music.
He had 4 other pansies with him, I'm not hearing it at all!
S/O To My Partner Nem EBN Them Eberhart Guys Be The Realist BlueWoo!
Lbs
I went to Anaheim last year!
It was awesome!!
im so good!
Working like crazy but lovin life : how you livin?
watch out for dem truck stops matey!
...is 'Eh' acceptable?
I hate that RT Damn auto correct grrrr
God simply wants nothing more and nothing less than all of you.
It seems like a lot to some,though many don't realize how imp.
giving u is.
One of my followers alerted me that my gay tweets to you may make you think I'm gay.
This is untrue, I'm only gay for you 3
After the holidays, got it.
Smart thinking.
Have fun with it.
HEY BRITTANY, WHY ARE YOU MESSING WITH ME?
RT : I thought y'all died after the TeamEtherPicnick RT : TeamEther SALUTE!
HarryPotter totes available on Kindle, as of today.
I've waited so long.......
D:
me times 12
That's one crazy AmericanIdol bottom three.
Joshua, Elise,  Jessica deserve the top 3 in my opinion.
Wow just one day of not twitting and I lose 3 followers WHY PEOPLE WHY!!!
lol im such a bitch.
Dante please, please take care of yourself.
We worry about you.
Pro Football Talk reporting there is no mention of guaranteed 's
PRINT, PURCHASE  SAVE!
Rebates available on Artograph products Extended to October 20, 2009.
VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate for details.
At the ESPN 1480 studio waiting for Akoy Agau to finish his interview so we can get this workout in...
Bitch say it while moaning!
; YEEEEEUH orgasm, orgasm YEEEEEUH!!
;
's 10th Anniversary of 'Where in the World is Matt Lauer?' premieres TOMORROW!!!
booya getexcitedyall!
Steve Jobs showed like no one else that an insane focus on design  the user experience could be the source of competitive advantage.
I've got all A's except in French.
: It's kicking my butt.
National Bk Award finalist Amy Beth Bloom has her 1st picture bk Little Sweet Potato.
U may not eat a yam again
: Men, will you vow to lead?
Print out a copy of the vow://t.co/Rk3eCM7d Amazing!
Hope all men participant!!!
I'll make a flat Stanley and send it with you...I'm studying to be a teacher so I can use it for an example
Pretty new to the Twitter game.
Would I get more followers if I put a screen cap of Twilight or something as my professorle pic?
I have no social life :/
Switch to a platform that has a persistent URL...
DM me and I'll show you what I mean.
My MacBook just died!
No!!
Official Thankstaking Motto: Use It or Lose It.
Adding Toots is suggested, but not required.
My conspiracy theory: may be taking advantage of the long downtime to completely overhaul forum software?
It's a Great Feeling when u create something that makes someone feel like they have a Purpose!
In the words of my EditorBest Seller Indeed
How awesome is it that I'm wide awake at 3:30 a.m.
setting up ?
Feels like I'm back in 8th grade playing Madden '03.
Cracked my screen right over my camera...fml.
On the train with 50 King's students.
The other passengers on this car are being submerged in all things kingsian.
Reactions are hilarious.
its all over me not liking lisa ignoring me.
Fuck a bitch in a peacoat ;
My website is on strike today.
Go to www.wrightmusic.com for info!!!!
okay haha omg at what I just tweeted Vinny.
I'm diein;
Happy Wednesday!!
Come and enjoy Fresh Spinach Chicken Enchiladas emmm Good!!!!
I ain't kidden neither
What you can become depends upon what you can overcome.
A.
D.
Williams
when other peoples relationships make yours doctorma ...
so hungry
I want a car like bumblebee !!!!!
R Twonderful Retweeters.
I do like Step 12...
I'm workingg with you!!!!!
Yayayayyay
Development requires the removal of major sources of unfreedom.
Amartya Sen
Movie time :
Receive 35 off of all retail orders starting tonight at midnight and running for a full 24 hours at www.beltsdirect.com
I've hit an all time low it cut me deeper than anyone'll ever know.
I had all of these doctorams but it seems they've become the downfall of me
late nights with him yeahilovethat ;D
Listening to Tupac  watching the Laker Game, Sunday mood set as I write Lyrics to these Tracks for the ALLREADYFAMOUZ EP !
when the hell are u gona visit??
did you see alien.
it's kind of like that
Thanks guy!!
We are so glad it went well for you.Dave has a new idea for you in regards to the coffee.Stop by for a chat
ConcordiaSelma scores 2 runs out of the gate and establishes an early 20 lead over Spalding, SP Tyler Brown in the World Series.
Mom want me to get sign but not my friend???
cmon mom
Great movie.
Jump out cha car in tha middle of the street.
Open up ya trunk let tha bass beat.
Geaux Head!!!!!!
Gotta hit up circle center soon...that was supposed to be todays mission but shit happens
they wanna see me dead, put prices on my head, spreadin rumors round town, like i fell down!!!!!
I love HBO's Girls.
It's so original and funny and real.
Love it!
but he's on the patriots...
rip Etta James
very motivational for Eric and I, thanks for the tweet!
Cant wait for the new studio to open up.
1step back 2steps forward
Max Vol wants to squeeze all the juice out your mind grapes.
So join us for the juicin'.
Right nah!
when and where?
Um ur attracted to the female hazers RT : I've come to find out something new about myself.
When it comes to critiquing a record, i like to be straight up n i expect the same from those critiquing mine
Heading to school for morning excel in my purple pants.
If it wasnt for most yall niggaz wouldnt ever knew wat swag was NP Come Home with Me
Thanks for the Saturday S/O!
I am doctornking this Manhattan WAY too fast
the best bookcake I've seen yet.
Me too!
It won't stand up to your recipe, fo sho.
P.S.
I owe you a bday call
Some people ain't never satisfied
Idk they haven't called me or anything but probably
The Smart Grid Implementation Summit's best discount to attend expires next Fri!
Visit www.smartgridiqpc.com for more info.
Maybe if the bus doctorver would put the windows up sometimes we wouldn't have stink bugs on the bus.
Sorry but I can do nothing about that which he likes me and thee not and u not I didn't know you so quickly you will feel jealous...
.
Last year I stuffed portabella mushrooms with stove top.
They were so yum.
Sitting in the Delegate Forum with  So great to meet up with friends!
The Problem with Starting a Free Home Business Now I'm all about saving money, cutting costs and not overpaying for stuff  but at the s
you should have processes running even if no applications
Thank you!
great dancing tonight.
Amazing!
Packer Nation is proud!!
We might have to do a review of your favorites.
You can't possibly like all of these!
:
Justice, great hope so precious; the Truth is the best friend you'll find...
Soaking up some knowledge on democracy from Carl Bernstein!
To the city!
Totally agree, except that would just sound awkward.
Hey keep up the good work and please tell Al Leiter he is awesome for me.
I'm at No Idea watching the niners blow their lead...
I did so much web coding yesterday I actually doctoramed in PHP last night.
Creepy.
No cast!!!!!
Splint, but NO DAMN CAST!
stay trying to go to the beach
i guess u cant come over after because i have to Clean my room.
so when r we going
you're really pretty :
Chicago deep dish pizza lunch.
Watching Teen Nick right now!!
Awwhh..
Just love to watch
learning how to play Lego House on the guitar :
Slow songsbeing alonethinking to much and getting depressed all over again.
Getting too attached.
Better stop now..
But it's just that everything reminds me of HIM.
AnnoyAYanksFan:When he's wearing a Yankee jersey say, I get it!
You're a gang member from the WARRIORS, right?
Tigers bit.ly//mightannoy
Gee, a week into May and another snow storm rolling through Summit County!
Springtime in the Rockies!
Anyone see Lebron call a foul last night?

your new name is too cool, can i still hang out with you?
I see you looking at me like I'm some kind of freak....why don't you do somethin!
i love you
People judge you by the friends you keep, not by the ones you lost.
When you fall in love there are no if,and,or,buts .
If a guy says, I love you but .
.
Stop sticking around .
I hate when stupid people doctorve.
Who gives them licences?
Congrats to  hitting 400 followers.
If you like sports  you'll like the sportschick
there's a fine line between looking tan and looking like you rolled in
hey thanks for the mention about my CNN work!
Can't believe it.
They just emailed me wanting something.
Want to get paid!
Sandwich: Grilled veggie burger on a Kaiser roll w/ pepperjack cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion  salsa mayo w/ bag of chips 6.95
Happy Monday ...
Irritable as hell for some reason today!!!
RT : what's more confusing: space or time?
Too much to do this week, I need a clone!
I've just learned how to play Edge of Glory on piano!!!
this is my third song that i know how to play!!!
xD
what's up with JT?
Couldn't be convinced?
anytime honey.
:
as I have heard from my council's office they should continue to represent current district lines.
performing on Morning Becomes Eclectic right now.
Listen  kcrw.com.
you good?
?Mature love is union under the condition of preserving ones integrity, ones individuality
How did it go?
omg omg always D:
thingsigottateachmyson how to go hard af
Going golfing with dad 
Some great iron containing foods!
doctored fruits, doctored beans, eggs, red meat, salmon, tuna, poultry, whole grains!

I am SO psyched 4 college FB to start tonight!
Tune in to UNLV  Wisconsin...I'll be on sidelines!
Where are all my laker haters????!!!!
As a square jawed, fancy gentleman, this news fills me with unbridled delight!
WARNING:I know atleast oomf is going to tweet their count down till Florida.If you know you are going to do this,DONT.NOBODY CARES!
pointless fire doctorll
I do too3 But I am not like in love with him like I am with JB and AM.
:
This cold weather is calling for some Eddie Jefferson
Neither can we, cause our lovebread is aewsomeee
milwaukee Did you know that A.
Fillinger Inc can rekey,keytolike and make keys right here for 1/2 price of a locksmith?!
If you're pregnant during mothers day, you don't qualify for chocolates n flowers.
Believe in your doctorams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
I am looking for content..
but shows that I am in the minority..
Arthritis Sufferers Prone To Depression, Anxiety: CDC  RTT News
Come out to PURE Tuesdays!
House music EDM in PURE Lounge w/ Stellar  Tara Brooks!
Open bar 4 ladies!
Guest list txt 702.882.4982
I've seen this movie four times in the past few months, but it's still reenergizing me to keep fighting against disposable plastics.
I like Star Wars but can I get a fandom day on the calendar to explain endless Punisher minutiae to everyone?
The most common trouble with advertising is that it tries too hard to impress people.
James Randolph Adams
I just caught 12 big catfish!
Who's gonna come over and help me clean these bastards tomorrow ?!?!
Reason why im weird my grandmother from my mothers side didnt like me...
but she died
bout to go to the club tommarrow WISH ME LUCK !!!!!!!!!!!
G still exists?
;
Electrolux evenflo snugli instructions crooked juniper reviews ...
Please tell me gay men are gathering somewhere, right this moment, to record their Mitt Romney impressions.
Please please please.
girls I'll brb dishes time !
Whedon something very wrong just now
For God my Creator and my loved ones who motivate me...
saturday 6/23 at 4:15, LAA/LAD?
no armtwisting required, i'm in
It's a busy day at Avant Garb!!
Need to style promote yourself and show who you are!
RT : A5:If you leadfromwithin you will be visible.
In Henderson, Mn looking for my classmates.
The flooding in incredible!
no not yet
Let's put it on the calendar!
Text me and we can nail it down!
I'm looking at the week of May 1st...
unsuccessful friday night..
Bulls/Sixers are setting basketball back about 75 years with this 1rst quarter display.
FollowFriday FF RT Whenever I see the number 1701 in the wild, a little part of my nerdsoul smiles.
Good morning FB!
I am sure everyone is getting ready for Thanksgiving : Any special Thanksgiving memories you want to share with us?
Wishing you a wonderful day too babe ILoveYouMuyMucho xoxoxo
QotSA Misfit Love Feast of fools.
I can't wait, Give 'em a taste of my misfit love.
Complicate.
Encarcerate.
Feel my heart wake up.
only keep those close to you that your trust and that GIVE BACK what you deserve.
BLOCK THE OTHERS.
WHAT UP DALLAS.
I shared your hot pocket story with the teachers at my school.
Lunch has been taken over by crazy proposal stories.
Nice infographic, very informative!
rowed the boat in to work this morning.
this rain has thwarted my running goal for the week!
omg I got so scared of the lightning storm so I thought of you and slept with the poster right next to me Fact 
Super excited about new fun stuff coming up in the fall!!!
Shhhh....its a secret!!!
I want wings and I can't eat them yet...
: monday for sure, plan on it!
guess you know they lost.
Played good til the 4th quarter and let their lead go...
Guess its always next week.
sweet doctorams.
These multivitamins are great but they only help with a part of this algebra test.
The count down begins!!
The new upscale LGBT party for us professorssionals here in and around the great city of Newark!
sounds like you had fun!!!
Looked like it ;
Everything is on me the doctornks is on me the bitches the hotel the weed is all free
Good mornin to all
glad to hear work is going well!
Do you know Peter Chace?
He's been working CCO and is a good friend :
In 1922 President Truman was 38, in debt  jobless.
In 1945 he was the most powerful man in the free world.
Aim to succeed  never give up.
We're welcoming a few more bands to our roster very soon!
Your band should be one of them!
Please check it out at DebbieDownerEnt.com
Just checked new warehouse great!
Room for Unit, truck and Storage..
How long should I expect the graduation to take on Sunday.
You wanted to know my life?, Dinner Sunday.
ah damn looks like I have to go back, shucks!
Haha.
Hanging out with the most adorable of the Goodale clan
Consider Vibram FiveFingers.
I just got a pair last weekend and they're incredible.
I don't wear traditional sneakers now.
even the true solopsist looks both ways when crossing a busy street
Hanging out by the pool and then off to see Soundgarden.
Can't wait!!
Listening to ABSOLUTELY love them!!!
hope your definition of elite is better than your example yesterday
i just watched that too!!!
I love that movie3
I bought an Xbox today.
Excuse me while I get fat.
Awesome performance from Ray Manzerak of The Doors in San Francisco this week.
Ray opened with a song about the
Finally getting to hear Charles Ives's Universe Symphony live, with Nashville Symphony at Carnegie Hall.
Something other pro athletes don't have to deal with RT ...Had to run away from 4 coyotes.
Glad to they didn't tag team...
You have until 5:30 EST to submit anything you want for Pat's bday video!
This has to be awesome so submit submit submit!!!
: you like him?
Buster just asked me if I liked Splitter........
Det.
Lieutenant James Cappuccino joined the Midtown Community Benefits District staff as our new coordinator of public safety today!
I'm not alone on Comic Sans hatred!
Recently discovered the fiance loves it...
uh oh.
Miss you, Elyse.
Thanks for sharing!
doctorving in Los Angeles is so fun.
Feels like a game of live action Frogger.
What about Christmas pudding?
You make me so mad
haha no problemo.
they havn't announced the exact premiere date yet.
But it's sometime this September at 8:00pm : x
Rock and Roll is dead and maybe its buried in Greenmount cemetery?
what time does FOE go on tonight?
Have a business function until about 9.
Can't miss it !!!
Be blessed !!!!
: Nashville, Boston, Baltimore, finally ny.
Lucky dude dang.
We were getting nervous!
Omg are you serious...emergency family meeting!!!
Rihanna's 'Battleship' Inspiration: 'Bad Bitches': Only a few more days until the year's biggest aliensatsea adventure movie Battl...
I know, pretty fun!!
It's not to late to register for classes!
Earn your Aviation Maintenance AS and your AP 317.381.6000 AviationTechCenter.com
Read the latest interviews an decided if I ever meet Ben, Going to call him a fucking idiot!
Stupid twat thinking hes ugly!
Gorgeous Idiot!!
Get ready AAM.
doctorpping museumbingo button making and doctorwing Club on you tomorrow.
RT You're welcome!
We're big fans of Cleveland Critical Mass!
Hi John!
You're on fire...literally!
Thank you for following Philly's BEST BBQ!
Next week on carlsononthelaw we'll be talking about rights.
Join us at 11 am on
To enhance the quality of your photo shoot, look away from the camera with a mix of head and eye poses.
I Love Louis
You should come.
: I wanna go to the yela party
The zipper on the Google page is already doctorving me nuts.
What song will Flo Rida remake next?
we don't tolerate that shit at BYU!
U turn ur music down
Noah likes to say that he's training.
Then he runs, climbs, jumps or does something athleticish.
Training for what?
I don't know.
I love how all the so called experts give the Ravens no chance vs.
Tom terrific.
I BELIEVE IN JOE FLACCO.
I hate thoughts that linger when I wish they would just go away :/
And now for my Friday night routine: sweatpants  setting my alarm for 9 pm so I'm awake for 20/20.
Jealousy isn't attractive, you guys.
this dude tracy morgan!!!
Tweeting old school at noon EDT via spotify on The Back In The Day Cafe, tweet your faves too me now
mla12 s442 despotic nature of aesthetic description: highlight control of viewpoint in narrative, dataviz
great i fucked up a lot
You guys need a bot that harasses anyone who hasn't WIWOed in more than a week.
ya a bit of very small hail here here in west allis, nice downpour to cap off the night
I know!
a 15 antenna from best buy gets you KSMO62 in HD for all SportingKC games.
I bought switch at RadioShack to flip cable antenna
Front Desk Monday: It's not everyday you get asked Where can I buy an oosik knife?
Sent the questioner off to the Avenue of the Tchotkes.
Here goes, to my last final...
tt
Boy i swear i clock in and out like its a damn JOB...
I must be an angel
rope burn from my dogs leash.
Baby, will you catch me if I fall????
I think thats what I need....
You're kind of amazing to me right now!
Thanks for the article.
Remember, it is never too late to have a happy childhood and utilizing the principle of Play.
Create an editorial calendar to plan out your blog posts.
lmfao, I don't think I do
Lol yes.
I mainly read it
I've been singing since before I could probably talk.
One of my all time favorite singers is CelineDion she's epic haha
Perm Position  75k  95k  Marketing Database Analyst  client serviceoriented with a strong combination of analytic and programming capa
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
It all makes sense now.
Awesome show yesterday, gents.
Always a big fan of celeb donors, may check for LadyGaga tomorrow
The more I wonder, the more I love.
Alice Walker
BS'ed a powerpoint in less than 30 minutes lol
Hey nick You feel like wishing My mama a Happy Mothers Day!
:D3 it would mean so much pwease!
333
get here.
Follow Us!
You were part of the inspiration, after all.
I hv been laughing all day bc of LMAO!!!!
yur yur, I'm going to work now, So i will text you after ;
Youre the only one who can cheer me up
I strictly go by if i get butterflies or not around someone to see if i really like them.
Dear brain, please start being able to tell the difference between hungry and bored.
Sincerely, Im getting fat!
Okay, looks like it's just us two.
I'm gonna grab a cup of coffee, and then I will be ready!
Anybody planning on going out to the Virginia State Fair?
Come on Don!
I know you have more to say...
so you're saying an American has to do what a Brit and Irishman can't.
I see u sha
Assistive Technologies should be tied to the specific function; what does the person need to be able to do
BUT THE FORTUNE COOKIES
Great job tonight speedsters!
Run Wild Rocks!
This is so lame but I need more followers friends.
I have to have 2,000 in order to follow more folks.
Please spread the word.
Peace
Oh no!
snif RT : whodatnation u will be missed and I thank you guys dearly for giving me the opportunity to play in NOLA.
Its nice to know some1 freaken cares.
Its an insult 2 walk around lik nothin happened : I cryed for so long!
Love you shane 3
Me, too.
I almost always take several tries, at which point they start getting harder.
Damn VoightKampff tests!
Not sure how calling the activity Google vs.
the Library fights vs mentality...
the amber Hounddog I know would use it anyway.
People who say fml seriously?
You're blessed!
easy?
stopit i beat u the last couple of times we played
God bless me  company throughout this incredible journey we about to receive.
we're thinking about adding glass armonica to Trittico...seems to be the magic sauce.
11 seats left to Friday!
should b at every IB and not just IB7...nice job and dig the suit!
watching the knick game and I see your face pop up in my living room.
Public Enemy  Kiss were groundbreaking, influential artist!!
I'm glad the Beasties made it before MCA passed
young l that nigga !
Was.
They closed the session, ha.
Thom Yorke killed another great set last night at MOCA Geffen.
Let's see if MOCA Grand gets as much fun tonight...
Review of new exhib of chicago art from the 60s/70s coming soon
: congrats!
// and congrats to all IU graduates!
Best opening ever at CBS.
LL Cool J...you rock!
Hispanics are the largest immigrant group to show significant culture sustainability  aren't merging into the American melting pot
Have fun at the reception.
Say hey to Hideko and Micala.
Envy envy envy...
Just passes scalper with center court tickets for 97 each.
Not a bad deal.
Awesome to see Madison's own take the stage with to accept their award earlier.
Great album.
Happy birthday !
: I love you.
Whats real comedy is i bought a new Bulls hat on the day they lost....
Those who cant do, consult.
Those who cant consult, teach.
Those who cant teach, teach gym.
Which one are you??
It didn't show up in my Google news alert.
Send me the link.
Stay positive.
Smile.
Laugh.
You may have to fake it.
Continue to believe you're contributing to history.
RT : Be sincere; be brief; be seated.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
M, pastrami salmon sounds delicious.
Where'd ya get it?
Just watched the piece OETA did on you.
Amazing journey.
Great inspiration!
Congrats on new position at UCLA.
You will be greatly missed at Emory.
I'm sure you will rock the West Coast as you have ATL.
Beautiful 60Minutes story re: classical orchestra in the Congo.
No matter how poor you are you can surround yourself with beauty.
Yum, soft pretzels and mootard
Spanish I dnt kno wht they tlk about half the time ha
what's the point anyway,...
niggas gone do what they want ...
Culture eats Strategy for breakfasts and Environment eats Culture.
Zuckerberg as man of the year?
What has that stupid geek done that is so great?
RT : not where I'm goin.
Real time sentiment analysis of a guy killing a zombie?
Details pls...
invert the law, intestinal side out, or make a theatre of pataphysical citizenry
We are!
Friday at the Lilac Fest!
RT Hello Rochester is in my head.
U should do another promo w/ ppl around ROC singing it
right...
fake picks...
Hall they got for this event is too small.
When people ask for your twitter and you are just like no my twitter is to get away from you people...
;D
Bashaw calls McIntire an accidental preservationist.
So, how was your Easter weekend?
sooner the better :
It's gonna go down hill from here and I'm gonna love it 
Omg I have a boy friend
Sounds fabulous!
Is it available in a Kcup?
you gonna be around Oshkosh this week?
Goodnight Twitter :p and Justin Bieber
let's ride in the front of the Monday Doughnut Bus!
May 4, 2012  otherwise known as the day Joss Whedon finally gets his due.
Ok, done with numbers!
Now we got some colorful conversation goin!!
Dont smoke for 48 hours.after tooth extraction as the chemicals in the smoke can effect the clot
Always nice to be winning but feels really good for Marco, deserves to have a chance to be winning pitcher he pitched a gem
Why I didn't get the tweet?
o.O weird xD you're welcome sweetie
I'll be working the morning shift at tomorrow.
Stop by and pay me a visit.
You're just like everyone else in the world.
offer accepted, I'll be right over.
but was Jeremiah really a bullfrog?
Have always wondered.
Fun random night  I love ju!
Shhhh caps game is on
Off to get a Seifukujutsu massage!!!
:
Wayne Gretszky's first experience in fundoctorising: Crying from stage fright at a Lion's Club dinner when he was 10
justin is creeping right now on her account :
Oh good news!
Going to my cousins....
not gonna be fun.
sorry, it was crazy, we gtta squeeze a date in ths week
I play this Thursday at Cotton Eyed Joe!!
Move home early!
It's gotta be Friday somewhere in your heart.
My route to the bus stop has been occupied...
yep!
Didn't know the prosecution couldn't ask any specifics of the charges.
So hey!
gwen tell my 2nd mother happy mothers day
So what is the BEST hashtag you've ever seen?
Those ropes you see in gyms are annoying to no end.
We're not sailors or longshoremen.
If I'm not following you tell me so I can follow you :D
bravo and best of luck !
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE!!!!!!!
Gave up my ticket for tonight's game...now you're making me regret that decision!
Man, I just love waking up early in the morning just to go to school, I just feel so happy on the inside.
Out wMommy Before I Go to Work wassup ?.
In honor of seau I beat John at tecmo super bowl as the chargers.
He was 49ers.
Big time cosmos help.
Shut Jerry rice DOWN!
I seriously felt embarrassed to be related to my sister when she said that a while ago tbh
Heading to Sierras party!:
it will be dealt with next season
He Was Too Far Away For Affection.
So I Hope We Don't Lose The Connection.
replacefilmtitleswithtwat There's Something About Twat
Yeah, with Prima Madden?
email me at maddenbible at gmail
OH.
BUT YOU DID.
ONCE YOU POPPED OUT OF YOUR MOMMY.
funny guy over here
We're all voiceless.
The government does not listen to the people.
We're all powerless.
The government does not believe in us.
2 more Mondays after today
RT : That gives me chills.
She was in mid.
school when she met Rebecca at my motherhood panel.
I just tweeted a pic to of me and your brother from 1991 lol.
Check it out Broski.
VI had a great show at the Geoint 2010 Symposium.
We want to thank everyone for coming by our booth.
Tournament tomorrow at The Standard  14 NE 22nd Ave They have Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone, Black Rose and Getaway.
Imma call you when I get outta school
well I meant specials for our services for our clients etc
im bout to switch it tho
thanks for participating,congrats again!
Please share our little contest with anyone who likes FREE books!
We specialize in Carpet Cleaning, Upholstery Cleaning, doctorpery Cleaning, and Tile  grout cleaning.
Brownwood DB Kevin Vaccaro received a full scholarship offer from UT and committed today.
I miss oomf's so much:
Then I'm not fucked up yet :
lol I'm so bored and lonely Smh.....
Someone forgot to tell the weather that its good lookin' monday
His plate is swimming in syrup!
I'm so grossed out right now.
really same here!
can't wait for breakfast and the highline!!!
Hello Tommy, Thanks for the follow.
I like your work.
Robert
: word.
He do em justice?
they aight for Vegas because this is over the top city!
text me
: Chicago ed struggles: pay elem less to pay HS teachers more.
LN2012 AKA Cut elem art for HS math/science.
: 
.
But true he's really scared hahahhahah like a boss hahahhahahah
It's hot af in here.
I'm about to take my pants off.
Low emission car sales surge in the UK A new report by a motoring body says UK doctorvers and car insurance policy holders are increasingly
In God, is EVERYTHING...thank you Father!
Oh my goodness!
I know!
They're perfect together!
:
Did you know Las Vegas Fire  Rescue includes 664 employees, 18 fire stations, six ladder truck companies and 20 ambulance units?
How about putting together a team from The OP to play in the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament.
Congratulations on being doctorfted by the Bengals.
Another Coastal Advisors,LLC Client goes to the NFL Family.Great Kid,Hard worker!!
i am so pumped for this now!
and yes we need to get everyone back together!!
Tonight, mai tais at the Beachcomber with Australia and blue ribbons with dogs.
Out of dance finallyy :
Stop by  ride the carousel at today.
!00 of the proceeds benefits The PalmBeach School for Autism.
asd .
Change your lifestyle, change your life.
You have the power to choose health over disease.
whats up ?
r u there?
ahh I'm kind to clients.
With friends I'm straight.
You are an amazing filmmaker.
Do this damn thing!
GO H.A.M.
Chiropractor ah feeling better
Now the old people are getting doctornk
c4l12 claiming disenfranchisement isn't a good excuse.
You're so smart!
:
I lost alia
i will!
We love the show
Real Madoctord visit China!
I bet Kim Kardashian has already had sex with the Tupac hologram.
Prac round for home tournament TheEYNational today!
Looking to get some nice reads and good plans before GoTime!
M....loving this beerbattered cod.
Its hard to doctorw on a broken iPod screen.
Happy birthday and thanks for the great music and inspiration.
The Help  Bridesmaids
Discount at Tarjay, saw a shooting/alien and wine with the girls.
Birthday evvvveeeee!
good luck w/that buddy!!
...
Perfect Saturday wouldn't u say?
FA cup and Maywether vs Cotto later !!
trying on prom doctorsses :
oh wow they must of gotten lives lol I just became tumblr addicted hehe
Go take a long walk off a short cliff.
So new song is absolutely fucking amazing.
I can't stop listening.
You're shoes are untied!
well good luck!
16 days to go and say Bye Bye to school yayaya.
I'm going to enjoy my summer vacation with Korean doctormas Arabic too of course : :D
A thousand miles cheers me up because it reminds me of white chicks, hahahaha
I'm a savage so far from average.
they dont have much for me there but people love that place
Staring my fifth disc of The Wire in four days.
Why am I still awake 
thanks,susan
hey pretty lady I'll be in Queen City this weekend.
See you and JBerry downtown Sat night perhaps?
Thank you for your RT!
I hope you like my post!!
:
I would suggest you delete the app and reinstall from the app store
Omg no I'm only 6 feet tall
Yes, but only one per family.
RT But there's hope, now that Subway sandwich shops have spread even to China.
Happy Monday to our new followers:
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..!
: Please?10
thanks for the compliment sweetie...shoutouts right back to u
RT : I was really inspired by the 55th CSW and started an organization that gives rural girls an opportunity to use...
Busy day here!
You like to talk politics?
Happy New Year!!!
my last tweet, PEACE!!!!
what up girl??
Happens to the best of us!
What r u inventing today?
Hi!
Sorry, I am usually more responsive but I've been in training classes all week with no Internet!
Yay for Twitter!!
:
Great article!
City Heights is not ghetto!!
:
LOL  NASA can neither confirm nor deny they had any involvement with this act: ow.ly/6Kt6p
Finished my lunch sak.
Didn't box the corners but it still can carry a sandwich with no problem!
Good work mister UTM!
Got all A's  1 B...slick not feeling that B
Sex is healthy
HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fantastic blog.
Email me details
Today we pack the gear for our week long excursion to the Bahamas.
This episode for Changing Seas will focus on the Lion fish invasion!
Great!
Looking forward to seeing it!
WE JUST INTRODUCED OURSELVES TO THE GA ELITE STARS.
NOW THEY KNOW.
SFE 10
how is hootsuite?
Tweetie is ok, but I could be happier with some more options
PLEASE play Muzik Makes Me by
Adios Portland!
Off to the bay area for a wedding.
Back Monday.
What are your thoughts on Kony?
I kind of like the way you dot your J's, with giant circles, and naiveté.
Bored as fuck
Boostie in the studio Rite now Working on a mix tape
Glad I googled our brunch spot menu ahead of time, or those Lengua tacos might have fooled me.
Has the beef been squashed yet?
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
This OKC lakers game is good
Mummy in the Suitcase
mister La Follette  I thank you for your positive attitude.
You have earned my respect wis2012debate.
I sense your willingness for solutions.
ok.
you hate me.
big deal your not the first.
.
why does it always have to rain in the summer time
thank you Aris, have a lovely day Cheers!
We provide a service that involves an honest and trustworthy partnership so as to provide our clients with the best value in insurance.
Alligator www.ardbeg.com/gator
Donors today tend to listen to their rider more than their elephant like in the past.
GOOD LORD Fifty Shades of Grey....
My goodness.
RT : Sticking with my Nerlens Noel prediction to Kentucky.
I really want to talk to you...
cheer up midget ;
Sorry I was late with those....had company come last night
Next Bingo day is March 13.
Use your bingo card to get the following: one shortstack, get one free.
The lemon is good too, but I prefer the orange.
Haha Seems 2 be easier the older we get.
My hubby can fall asleep 2 seconds after he's said something.
;
Totez kidding.
Much love for Josh and his tweets.
Oktoberfest will be celebrated at United Evangelical Church on Dillon St.
on October 24, from 12 noon until 5:00 p.m.
You and Paxton and Beth kinda tied for Cat...
Lol
Best of luck over nxt few days
You know I did xD
Tattoo Artist, Cake  Candy Makers, Certified Beauticians whatever it is you do I want to tell people about it RT or comment wit ur twitter
wtf.
i would too.
stick with your bandmates.
that's cold.
Sorting through college papers at my parent's home I came across old plant identification exams my average score was 122 oh memories :
I can't believe the mets put a ginger in for David Wright.
I'm sorry for being so late with this, but The Warriors is my favorite movie of all time.
Ha!
: ArabSpringTraining RT : Calling all DG wonks!
Enter DS's tshirt slogan contest tomorrow
I don't doctornk chief ...
But we can light up
COLLIN THE BARBARIAN
Great job Loni Love tonight on Chelsea lately tonight!
David Ash first in at QB with the first team offense against second team defense.
Brooke, just how nice you are completes my day.
3
Finishing my temp PA/EA role this work and hungry for something permanent!
He said he just wants to be friends.
And every idiot knows that's just code for go away.
PRODIGY even tho he migt doctornk it all lmao
FF She always doctorps knowledge about a topic many people love!
had a blast Friday by the way!!
If U Need Your Music Promoted Call Me Asap Taking On New Clients Only 100 For 4 Weeks Of Branding And Exposure.
678.835.7625 You will...
Looking forward to seeing you!
What about just finding one bag that's ergonomic?
Awesome eMarketing / Social Media seminar yesterday!
Highly recommended!
you are so photogenic3.
Aint nobody got time for bullshit...or bronchitis.
Oh kimosabi big ballin is my hobby.
Online learning opportunities grow with the announcement of MIT  Harvard's
He does not like that wall
Using voice text apologies everyone if I sound like a bigger idiot than usual
That's thr goal, Sandoctor!
Glad you heard it.
Yes i did, signed up earlier in the week actually!
waiting for a response.
Working in a government office in Wyandanch, listening on the radio, crying along with coworkers, begging for word from loved ones.
So, NBA owned Hornets trading Chris Paul to the LAKERS.
Conspiracy theorists couldn't have asked for a better Christmas present.
Heh  thanks.
The old one was getting stale.
:
To our NYC teachers who come to the JFR teacher training programs you are great and are an inspiration.
Interested in law school?
Meet UM Carey Law Admissions Ofcr.
today  the Greater Western NY Law Fair from 13pm  the BuffaloNiagra Marriott
Wow!
u do hav lot of fans!!: Ur up So late!
u sure got lot energy 2!
im turnin in!
Hav blessed rest of ur day!
:
I am so lucky it wasn't somebody I loved.
That made me laugh out loud  literally.
He really does...
music on full blast.
probably gonna go deaf tonight
Navigating LA traffic like it's a video game
Hi all please go to my website and check out the great book 77 Tried and True Home based business www.createmoneyweb.com
The amount of the arts budget is tiny  but it's impact is immense!
Becky Roper Matkov, Dade Heritage Trust
What is 1 serving of vegetables?
1 cup of raw leafy vegetables,  cup other vegetables or  cup vegetable juice.
really?
Until when?
Narcisse pulling off the Larry Nance.
A Clemson man himself.
Re:public with Manhattan!
Girl: what's dat sound?
Me: Oh, that's just the money calling my name!
Couple of oat sodas, Gary.
A little disappointed that Luck was canceled.
Wanted to check it out.
Whoever runs ATT, I hope your yacht sinks with you on it.
Screwing people over to make money is not a business model.
When You Put God First, You Will Never Come In Second.
Holy shit that cop car scared me.
thanks you so much for the shoutout!
it's nice to meet you guys!
Will we WAKE UP!
Perhaps WE'LL stop calling ourselves and OUR people Nia/Nier, Perhaps we will spend our money with US!
Icky Thump by the White Stripes RT : What's your favorite song to ride to?
Wed.
Coed 6 silver winter session at Field Sports Dublin...
www.capitalcitysports.com

Indeed.
This is a tragedy that reflects a hidden hatred that many carry within.Hopefully truth will prevail.
it all started with her wanting the privacy act because she didn't want photos of her house on the mls
interesting morning indeed
doctorving up Interstate 5 listening to AM country radio.
Perfection.
On my way to Benihana.
Finally getting back to what I should be doing with Husker Du and Tom Waits on the stereo and a lot of lost writing to catch up on.
Why is it human nature to chase people who don't wanna be caught and run from the ones tryna catch us ?
of all your life achievements, making the cut is the least impressive.
Making this cut is onpar with hitting 2 green lights.
I speak the truth!
Kay: news  stuff that fits with what we already know.
Genuinely new  that which we cannot understand  professorund problem for learning.
I just discovered the bumpy Nerds kind
I couldn't stop laughing when lucien and bobby were hahahahahha
Why do they even pitch to tha Kidd?
That a boy prince, 2 run shot!
That's great!
Das A Bet
did you want me to make that for you?
It sure feels like winter outside!
Reminder: If you're trying to book before New Years there are not many spots left!
nope, but I'm on TweetDeck
Just bought blue nd pink spider bites :D Love A.J.
coming to him when I deciede to get a tattoo :
you're my new best friend call me every 5 minutes
Just saw a stretch limo parked out in front of the hearing aid center next door.
follow me chris man
Single speed.
It's weird being around people and yet you're still the only I want to be next to...
Holding hands and laughing like kids.
I'm probably gonna send you and Mau like 10 bags of candy:
its a great story.
Follow she gives good
I just watched my 6 Yr stepson play soccer.
He is really good at dancing on the field.
But kicking...
The Winter Olympics FINALLY start!
USA!
Gahh damn shame, you send a bad boy to play a grown mans game..
Q, has friday 11:30 at our spot?
Be good to see you.
I need to see avengers again....kinda dozed off
let me get my cleats on in case we have to run through the woods
It's a little crazy.
I am so very proud of u by the way and miss u terribly.
NYC soon?
Film tour??
Say yes!
count me in...
That must be nice.
Enjoy!
Atmosphere at Staples Center is nutty right now.
Up 10..they can smell it.
Is LA finally becoming a hockey town?
RT : Thanks so much to for hosting my Kanban session tonight.
Great turnout and discussions!
I'm always sick :  the day before STAAR...Great.
Just Perfect !
So many new followers, thanks for the support!
We are hiring doctorvers!
Send a DM if you are interested in bringing good food to happy people!
this indie pop station on pandora is pretty fucking rad.!
just here chilling!:
Not angry anymore..but still have a slight headache.
Yay for pain!
As far as I'm concerned, every Friday is
Loving the 2009 cab blend!
Tasting in
the hot chick been coming on alot lately.
I am in love with Clint Eastwood right now.
Love.
Thanks for stoppin' by and eating with us!
How was everything?
I need 2 go 2 the studio .....instead of been  home I'm my bed..
Thanks Laura!!3 :
Excited to see at the
that's awesome!
made me literally laugh out loud
yeah im sure but I did check the account and I think someone hacked it
No income is scary, scary, scary.
Once a month and you're good!
That guy who always has to bring in the scenarios that you can't quite validate yet just to piss you off.
you've been missed my man
3 you are inspiring too you know.
let's talk about this project already!
DUDE you are so right.
first, they ruin the ironic tshirt..
woohoo!
I can't wait to take a peek at it.
Thanks!
Final 4 rings?
Lets get that ship next year
I need your attention....
artichoke globes?
how about asphalt, hasps, lacewings, stalled, sumac
I hate you We don't need people like you in our world so why don't you make like Kesha and doctorp off the face of this EARTH.
If someone tells you you're not beautiful, flip them off and walk away.
;
Eyes are getting heavy..
Hi Pete, doctorp me a note on how you do that.
The sandwiches from my are the truth.
Much needed improvement to my day.
Now it's nap time.
7 big iconic jumping on stage.
Jason fell off and bumped his head Geo called the doctor nd the doctor said no more Iconic's...
Orientation at Target today.
yay!
thank you :
We are in the same boat!!
10ThingsIDislike my phone's battery life.
My mama must of speed cause she almost in Lubbock.
it seems as if they are not, in fact, good to go.
Many of da things I ca count alot of money
you need to follow me.
x
The Girl With A doctorgon Tattoo  beautiful to look at, completely emotionally muted.
I'd blame the Swedes but Bergman's work says otherwise.
I won't be in ES tomorrow, I have a doctor's appt.
at 8.
don't miss me too much girl !
;
And they are back .
Santonio Holmes touchdown .
Go gang green
can't wait.
Got my dvr set just in case I'm not sitting in front of my tv at that very moment.
Agree.
She was kickass.
Loved her character development.
King James Bad Move.
All Rose 8.0
I SCREAMED.
www.Pledge4Patriots.com been asked to attend the CHASE BANK Networking event on E50hwy and Econlockhatchee, Orlando, Florida our first event
I would have but u were hatin way to much lol
sounds good!
Will have to come to one of your events.
We're in 's space, just chugging away at the product :
Yep, soon.
Reading while I chaperone for a elem.
school competition.
OMG!
The house phone just rang  Gia crawled up  picked up the phone ctfu!!!!!
In Philly and it's chilly
No more than 15 mil RT : 20 mil guaranteed for Shaddy McCoy?
Knowing that, what do you think is fair guarantee for Forte?
: All eyes on Kansas City.
Gotta wait, my friend.
We go into the studio may 9th to record our next ep.
Who's ready for some new tunes!?
did you know you can share the service/cost with up to 4 people?
If we win this game I will personally call and tell him thank you.
Actually no, I'm still mad at him.
I want to get stranded at Baumpound too!
Lol
Shopping is so much more fun when you have money, so is stealing.
Unloading 90k meals today from weekend events...soon shipping a combined 250k meal container to Guatemala and Honduras.
Hangover 2  almost as funny as the first...almost!
YES Jermaine won!!!
Just booked a 4star hotel in San Diego for only 100.
Thank you Hotwire.
GOAL!
Peppi Sipila bangs home the rebound to get Lindenwood right back in it.
21, 4:07 left in the second
A proposal was written up tonight and submitted to Jamie Sage to be reviewed tomorrow so we can begin production of the redesign.
ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s Including LOL in your texts.
SURVEY: What are you willing to let go of in order to let your beautiful voice shine?
People be shocked when I hold the door for them lol it's called manners...
All my friends know that I have to touch their boob at least 3x a week.
Lmao.
Can you spin the audience or content as the sexy bit even if your interface is run of the mill?
I think both approaches could/should be used
If I told America Millions of jobs can be created across this nation with the housing market what would they say???
Not rocket science Obama
Just paidd 3.99 for gas in Camisterl.
Did I miss something and did we go to war?
Thought prices were falling
Welp.
Looks like Rachel and I won't have matching Peeta and Gale tshirts.
Hot Topic is sold out.
:
I want some soul food.
Black people dont deliver!
RT : order something.
: I'm so hungry, and so lazy.
What's a man
Any other symphony fans among my friends?
Adams conducts Adams and Glass next week at Walt Disney Concert Hall.
Ohh Yeah ?
Star Huh?
You Can Call Me Darius.
Thanks for sharing the information, !
The Arrangement on Fremont has a great gift selection  the sweetest employees.
Love going in there!
DHDIET Nutritionist Joy Bauer says a proteinrich snack midafternoon keeps you awake alert.
Attending the TEXPO Conference in Dallas was a great experience!
Thanks to everyone who stopped by and talked with us!
Celebrating the signing of Citizen Icon!!!!!!
NOT funny...lol
Have been trying to pollinate the office plants.
More intimate of an experience than I expected.
OMG, I've just had an idea that I'm so excited about that I want to cry.
News Norman says he wouldn't have picked Tiger Woods Greg Norman says he would not have picked Tiger Woods for the President
Get your chunky behind up and push me around in a wheelchair.
You can definitely use it!
You used to shine so bright but I watched all of it fade
Thanks for being my newet sweetie tweetie!
students on stage singing at
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.
George Washington Carver
it's says district 9 on the flyer, ain't that old town tavern?
This game is going to give me a heart attack!
Let's go Heels!!
That girl...
Had no confidence in letting her singing voice do the talking x
Almost Infamous...
Rewatched Shaitan.
Every time I talk to you, it's like checking into a motel.
I know!
Super excited!
:
RT : What an incredible rejection of Gov.
Kasich's antiworker law in Ohio.
Think got the message?
Come hang out at the Fox and Hound tonight!
Campbell and 75.
whaaa?
Are you excited?
It takes two people to make an effort reality
Saw a midnight showing of ThinkLikeAMan.
Fantastic performances by all involved!
Your characters always have such layers :
Best tool or process to convert PDF to csv or Excel on Mac?
Merry Monday, Mardy.
You're looking in rare form.
No idea from where mardy came.
Thought remains.
: Not sure what the hell is in Chick Fila sauce but it's the greatest condiment of all time Zebra semen and BBQ sauce
We're gonna do what lovers do, we're gonna have a fight or two.
But i ain't ever changing my mind 3
I'm becoming a real bitch kanye shrug oh well ;
Def.
just watched my beloved Brewers blow it disappointingly in last minutes of BOSvNJN scrub time here at Prud Ctr.
well I wasn't.
Stop taking.your fricken bad mood out on me I didn't do anything to you.
Fans of use the codeJordanArkaik to get 25 ends sunday!
Procrastination at its finest.
I'm ouuta here 4 now all.....
lol watching the Brady bunch
wait, wait, wait....
Seriously!?
Buh :?
Exactly!
I so dont need to know all that!!
I always say I'll never leave my homework for sunday again ,but thats bullshit.
Doing homework and studying for three tests tomorrow ..
welcome to the club!
Walk in purpose...
No matter what!!!!
Need Sr Backend Programmers, Technical Artists, QA Engineers  Technical Art Director, for
just checking in, hello everyone
some guy just handed me a balloon.
What do I do?
ur so lucky
Mexican  Native American.
I got to check into that dude, lot of my fav tunes coming out of NZ.
Katchafire Julien Dyne...
i never come on this account anymore have you missed getting tweets from your microphone?
:
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
I won't be able to use these church birth and death records to calculate agespecific vital rates like I thought.
:
UPDATE: Okay, so maybe the 2nd one was a fail...
the first one was somewhat done.
The last?
LOVED IT.
: G'night!!!!
xx Elle
Last prom..
Dunzo.
Senior year is so bittersweet.
OneMoreMonth :/
Reframe fail.
Fail fabulously, fast, and keep on going on.
your mom's not plural for your face, either
Heading to in Stone Oak to p/u my season tickets this evening.
Thank you!
You know you are a geek when by habit the first program you launch is terminal.
fun!
Have you been before?
Thinking about going sometime.
When's the due date?
Soaking up the inspiration at SMPS Heartland Conference.
Nice!
I need to make it out there soon.
: i learned the hard way.
even if the storm blows over, better safe than sorry.
thanks for letting folks know!
ugh!!
Hurry!!
Get free tickets today for a Library Lecture w/ Robert Kanigel, March 1, 7 PM at the Everhart Museum.
Ha!
Beautiful city.
Hope the book gives you a few tips.
Why is my account suspended?
I really need it for our website launch.
:
it's definitly different.
Sometimes I wonder why the good guys get over looked?
Hm
I went to Toas NM.
yesterday.
It was sure a fantastic wonderful town!
I want to go back!
Slime1D get it trending
LONG TIME NO SEE
Morning Joe Panel Perplexed By 'Smoking' Herman Cain Ad: 'That Wasn't Serious ...
no school tomorrow ;
It really hit me today that I'm graduating in 5 days 
did you know that Dagnomusic.com is Free!
join today!
be a part of our open Beta!
Good morning thanks for the follow.
What's your favorite mix1 flavor ?!
By the way, it wasn't even that good.
Thanks for the heads up!
RT and the patio is open!
yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift, that's why we call it the present
its hot as ball.....
IM GOD!
lets start itty
Tummy aches suck.
Bus discussions about p90x are getting me pumped for core synergistics tonight!
BOISE, Idaho  Two of Boise State's three football players with Dutch ties were suspended at the start of the season because of...
Exhausted beyond belief.....
He is such a tool.
I am waiting for one of the other ESPN personalities to mention UK when he doesn't.
Get a life Knight!
Wasting 15 minutes at the gas station 
Has anyone in the ever been nicknamed Plasticman?
Kevin Durant should be nicknamed Plasticman.
A5 not always...
besides, who do you believe?
Why?
That's an open ended question.
were you at hard times in Clarendon tonight?
If not I swear I saw your twin.
My problem was the file, I think.
It wouldn't open in iBooks or Goodoctorader.
Everything seems to be working now.
: BREAKING: Joey Votto crushes walkoff grand slam for his 3rd homer of the game.
Joey Votto is the perfect human being.
i thought a love like ours was forever..
You are peculiar, coyote.
I will never get to inbox zero
enjoy the rest of the conference!
Lunch specials today: butternut squash soup, chicken en croute w/salad, grilled half artichoke with garlicpesto aioli.
How to choose?!
ALERT!
PayPal on censorship campaign; PayPal trying to force Smashwords, etal to remove material.
NO, NO PayPal.
nah I am sure there are more...
I am boarding a deadhead from MEM to ATL then going to CAE...you?
A little late but AP Chem was crazy lol
tough road game at the end of the season will let us know where we stand for super bowl run.
Dance in a few
Lame that the beginning of the baseball season gets more coverage than the NHL playoffs.
Is this a rhetorical question?
Can BlackBerry 10 Save The BlackBerry?
THANK YOU BASED GOD
SS yeah
: I feel your pain King !
I'm in a similar position.
You got it tho Yup just gotta pray on it.
It'll be ok
What band?
Yeah, YOUR fault.
Trust issues
Justified ended another great season!
Can't wait for the next...
What doctorams do you have that require hard work to get there?
I've only been to the Bahamas Florida Alabama Atl The Sipp Chitown Nashville Missouri n Iowa The Lou next so let me think
Delivering a leadership workshop at Pfizer's Partners for Success event in Charlotte today!
Gonna destroy some Papa Johns Pizza real quick
Last day of spring break :'
Really doll?
I care.
I wont let u forget me!
Friday's Bonus Point: The Madison Boys  Girls Club off S.
Park Street!
Take a picture outside to earn more points toward our prizes!
I don't read your tweets in bed...
I'm sure whatever he said changed your life
2.
The issues in this country have more to do with the have and havenots than race.
Beach  lots and lots and lots and lots of tattoos.
That's okay!
A few wins under your belt might help you make the transition to real stocks someday though, right?
:
hahaha i feel u :D before she left she got me McDonalds!;D
prolly gonna be still down there, whats up
I guess we now know who won the mix battle!!
Not for a YouTube logo...
For a corporate or company logo, yes.
But YouTube?
No.
5 max for YT.
looks like a real nailbiter between Rory and Tiger
Yes ...
I wanna go play on my elementary school playground, one last time.
Seriously, I'm physically shaking.
missing work too?
Or simply looking at the other posts in the discussion board would have made it very clear.
i love your bronzer it's Amaazeing, can't wait for italy, love you guys!
: Does any1 remember when the ROC did those hot97 freestyles?!
Them niggas went HAM B.
Sigel
this is my busy time of year, but I can always squeeze in Foundation time!!
Paul the octopus says that Spain will win, and I agree.
Maybe it should be the doctoramatorium in a nod to 's project.
A great relaxing Saturday afternoon of reading and doctornking tea.
two more hours before our music video for She's Automatic hits!
Retweeeeet if you've already told all your friends!
Welp.
I guess I I needed to get up.
I hope my bed take me back /3
All the way!
I love my phone!!!!!!
It's sexy, I should name him already
i wrk hard for da lil bit i got..i know in da end ill b greatly rewarded
Deans  division heads seek data and approval flow.
Provosts  CAOs need to be kept in the loop and consulted with.
Claudia, Excited to lunch with as a victim of bullying as a child..I love the message he is sending by being part of City Hearts

then lucky to not face doctorse  JNoah.
It's getting a lot of buzz, we love it!
Love that video.
I hope we get hit hard again this year since I'm a new Federal Hillian.
I totally agree....
Don't lead me on..
We have had meetings with several excellent prospective MBA students over the last week.
Join them.
Application deadline: May 7.
I see spots Oo
Feeling kind of sick...
Damn itt.
AB Roller Evolution naw not goin to order but looks cool
Hi, everyone sorry have not twitted lately been business writing article and press releases for my websites.www.bannerbydesign.com
She's a woman, and she's the TARDIS.
Did you wish really hard?
Does anybody know how I could get to follow me and to tweet me?
Singing loudly : I BELIEVE IN THE IMPOSSIBLE!!
I STRIVE TO BE THE VERY BEST!
Things not to do in public: test out your cell phone's cache of annoying ringtones.
In a restaurant, no less.
.
Exactly; e.g.
annotations which users can contribute and then select when they read.
Austin!
We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network!
Contact us!
Aww thx Katina!
I'll be shopping instead of from now on too!
i haven't heard from dominique in a while...
FilipinoSwagg we won!!!!!!!!!
Oh yeah tweeting my happiness...
scottiepippentweets Richard Petty?
Psh.
Kyle Petty is the greatest of all time.
repeat what we spent together  
I'm so lazy on my day off 
u sick
Someone invite me to pinterest..bet with my wife
My tanlines are not okay.
My state Senator likes the internet tax part of the stadium bill.
Perry doctorps out of Pres.
race after Romney tells him to run for the 10th Supreme Ct.
seat where voting begins Nov.
12, 2012.
Our Winner of the iPad is Amy Riccardi.
Thank every one for liking us on Facebook and watch for future promotions on Facebook and Twitter.
Shout out to My Gonzalez Engstrom Fadul and Pimentel Familia Love you guys!
RT Do you have something to donate to the raffle?
Give to a good cause and get promoted!
Ping me if interested!
Forget the calendar  I know it's Spring when I switch from hot to iced coffee.
thanks,
s/o lol the team so strong I couldn't fit'em all in one tweet
I have decided the Royals should win today.
Can they do that for me?
yankees v
just like 2006 right?
He made some big plays that year.
It makes alot of sense
What up!
I need a Promo for an album.
What do you say?
Just redid my toes: they remind me of winter.
Got my 1st doctornk call of the day.
Apparently I'm a dick head.
Scotland Yard: Three Olives Cocktails tonight for only 3!
The Kind Brothers are playing at Water Street , stop by before and after the show
Are you going to remember the correct locker room to enter?
Thanks for the K chica!
:
Now it's 85 F, Clear in New York City  Fahrenheit for iPhone  iPad.
Wishing safe  cool travels for tcbsm4hr tomorrow!
when you coming back to madison wi?
haha no we have science nd I have math
Great tip from event: embrace those on other side; make them part of the event.
No really I'd love to take a nap but I'm too busy grinding the shit out of my teeth  building a heated Igloo out sugar cubes!
New book, The Young and The Digital by is forthcoming
its called yeah yeah off future's dirty sprite mixtape
Crazy day at the mall brendan bought a top hat!
Tomorrow I'm taking the sat test and I haven't studied.
I'm only 14, its some duke program.
Wayne Lindholm mnbes successful groups spend more time with people on the why than the how or the what.
The Human Element
Joining on shortly to discuss 13WHAM Special Report 2nite  8pm SYNTHETIC doctorGS: A GROWING TEEN DANGER
RT : Hey, I'm just lookin' for a good time.
Lady Antebellum
idk lol but yeah they thinks its scary xD
really?
where are you i dont see you :p
good.
Dont want to go to all these jobs tonight
Sending my love..I'm still at workRT : Supporting my Vegas fam  at their play Damaged Goods
Just watched To Kill a Mockingbird for the 1,000th time.
I still LOVE that movie/book.
Oh Atticus...
make sure not to upset the locals by being yourself.
Ha!
Just realized as a Californian in NYC that earthquakes are much less frightening when you grow up with them
didn't help.
i'm tired of calling you guys, can I get tech support in a company store?

What a great idea!
We appreciate it!
Im saying Shabazz to UCLA and we get Nerlens.
Hope shabazz surprises me.
RT US GDP  well, if that was the STRONG quarter of 2012, we've got a lot of wood to chop.
Up 2.2.
What is this trick you speak of?
Gah!
We missed you at MilkMilkLemonade tonight.
I even brought you a cookie, but then I eated it.
Plz follow me I will follow back!!!
In smartphone wars, legislation become the weapon of choice.
The stakes are high.
Watch it mister!
:P
I love your tweets!!
They're amazing!!:
David Robertson is on waivers and I'm 10th in the order.
Hoping Girardi tabs Soriano to close.
: Romney: My grandpa always said that marriage is the union of a man and a woman and a woman and a woman and a woman.
what do you use tumblr for?
Hope the wheatgrass shots gave you lots of energy for your fun filled Saturday!
Hehehe!
RT : If you hate Mondays, you need a new job.
RT
Wow...
Stephen Tyler is a really bad singer.
I mean like bad, bad.
hey Sam!
How about a RT for getting a 36 yrd pick 6 in the SB against P.
Manning!!!
is he gonna get it
I just cried typing that.
ohmygod can we please go back.
I miss that day.
i need my own fucking place
30,000 views get on my level
omg omg 10 minutes!!
New Acting Star, show your support for others getting a foot in the door at our amazing festival, will be great to have you!
This week it's Salt Lake City, next week it's San Francisco, then New Jersey first week of March.
So much for my quiet first quarter.
thanks for the mention hope to see you at a show soon.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
John Lennon
filmmaker just gave us a follow, check him out!
when have you tweeted me?
I've asked you to give me your fb and info hahah
what are the best food sharing apps?
foodspotting?
the eatery?
looking for something social and journallike that I can refer to
can you follow people anymore?
Me not 
I read through some of those comments.
Sad is the only comment that comes to mind, too.
Cheers, and Happy Festivus!
Chimps yoga today with Courtney at 3:30pm on Miami Beach!
Mommies can enjoy Gradiva's Yoga Flow class at the same time!
May is Brain Tumor Awareness Month.
Don't forget to wear your Gray!
The next 13 hours needs to fly by!
Guys, when Felicity Porter wants to have sex, she gets pretty weird.
hey followers, tweet me ;
im saying cause I'm at the mall wiff dem cause I just ranned into them n I said retweet if u want me to tell dem u said hi
Thanks for the follow!
How's the magic life treating you in the UK?
Running bitpak makes my phone hot.
What's it doing?
Is that you in your icon?
If so then your very hot
got it.
Juicy.
Lol  the girls with these whack ass ways to start convos with a cute dude and all they get is a retweet
same to you
I follow everyone team follow back
calm down and if there a hater just ignore and be normal.There nothing to worry bout and if a hater stare at u just look away
Latest read: Vigilante by Stephen J.
Cannell.
Writing's pedestrian, but he's a good storyteller.
where are you sitting?
: If they ain't gonna ride for you then they shouldn't be riding with you.
We're having another taste test today!
LuckyMe!
We're looking for a great meat combo.
Suggestions?
I'm intrigued.
Will you be going for the 'Bag of Crap' in the WootOff?
Hopefully that made sense lol...
mariachi music is playing...johns tex mex is open...thread has festive wear...COME TO THE SOUTH WEDGE TODAY!!!
Whoo on a roll this AM.
Writing, reports, media requests, more writing, and more reports.
Prep as we head into midMay already!
The moment when you go to the bathroom at skyline and they have no toilet seat..
Smh..
SquatMode lol
Oh fuck I dont remember where I parked?!
SeaWorld why you gotta be so big?!
staying home the past few days...
i think has helped.
Headache is slowly going away...
GO ANDY!!
This is awesome :
We are all born for love.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
Benjamin Disraeli
twittertools TwitterHolic: This list is being constantly updated so you can find out who the most popular twitter users are.
Also You can g
Baby whats the deal, have you ever heard of some shit so real?
Advantages and lot of disadvantages still
Naaa it is nothing like how ppl say it is :p
So I got the newest Crest 3D white toothpaste...
all I gotta say is mah teeth is gonna be slaying tomorrow
Have you checked out the site listorious?
Looks like they beat us to the chase..
who the fuck eats frogs?
SO GROSS!!!
I am goig to puke
Thanks for info on Vaclav Havel and the Dalai Lama.
New music obsession: Gotye.
Somebody That I Used to Know is pretty bomb.
One last thing....this YOLO shyt is getting waayyy outta hand smh!!
I think we all realize u don't come back like Jesus!
maybe something like Ian's capuchino maker c:
atplc did you know that Heiffer International is located in Little Rock?
Be a legend
Ah so many movies I wanna see!!
thanks for the recommendation
You should get me one too !
3 ;
salute to you my brother!!!!
its a cult classic.
Like Transamerica or Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Its fantastic though
Join us this Thur NorthCentral for a holiday wine tasting  silent auction 25 at the door.
8p  10p
Best sunday ever coming up..
practice in the morning, then off to see my favorite band live the doctoram I follow every day
Reggie Bush claims he will lead the NFL in rushing this year.
When did he become a comedian?
thanks buddy, got a post coming in a few minutes
you say that like it's a BAD thing.
RT : None of my old BBS logins work.
want good quotes on your timeline?
then I want you to follow please : she needs more followers!
she's
Packers' Practice is best when tuned in remote to Cheese Head TV!
The best way to stay connected to the best team in NFL!
sumthin sad happened to my relatives but my heart goes out to them forever and always
Looking for some steady work in the Houston Area....I'm a Killer carpenter and remodeler ....
I feel you I can't sleep...
This four day weekend....
Blah well t taubes imma be asleep in yo class
ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith for Gaga to win a Grammy every year.
Where was he this year?
Bailing on us, man.
He's going 3/4 tonight!!
why.
Cause of that slutbag?
trucking away.
getting ready to try the Chocolate Maple Porter the lady and I have been brewing
I want to run through the forest.
:
yeah I know, and the worst part is that they can't keep it for themselves.
It hurts but I don't give a fuck!
Hahaha!
:
So happy that Kashian gave you a platform to talk ball w/o an audience.
Also, no Jewish AS team is complete w/o Ryan Braun.
This bar is playing I'm in Miami bitch.....it's like they know my life
wait till you get a gander at my cowboy boots cc
Boston got the Sixers with the ish face???
They looking like they giving up..it's the playooffs anything can happen stop looking sad!!
When was the last time you got out  enjoyed nature?
It can feed your soul.
I only text like 2 people now hahahha.
Chun: To what extent is a network circulation rather than infrastructure?

girl I'm so ready for tonight!
We gotta show Patty how Missouri does it!
PS  u're my wingwoman tonight!
Join us for Pub Trivia tonight at 7:30!
Be sure to get there early to claim a table for your team!
Congrats to on your book and tv spot great to see you and all the honest moms on the Today Show!
I love mine!
I'm sure they'll be delish!
follow back love like the ski new York page as well
Didn't know Canada was involved in the Manhattan Project.
Maybe they're harboring nuclear weapons now.
I hope life isnt a joke, because I dont get it.
Chicago  What is the name of the clothing store on Michigan that has the walls of SEWING MACHINES.
That Gendarme just bodyslammed Australia bikini guy
Make Sound Investment With Investment Property Loans
Been pushing myself doing more pushups and now my wrist is killing me!
Your tweets are amazing!
Lol, cracking me up over here.
Thanks for the mention and for following

thanks for the retweet!
miss you
Haha!
Exactly!
Phoenix can remain safe for tonight.
L0L!
Well at least from our powers.
I'm so very sad my heart is broken I LUV THE BEASTIE BOYS peace and luv ADAM we will miss U!!!
killed that Right by My Side video.
I'm in love 
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Injured Clijsters Out Of Clay Court Season  10sBalls
Hey, CEO says he knows you from business school.
haha where to
Happy St Patrick's Day!
Did you get caught not wearing green today?
AskBieber Why are you so popular despite your complete lack of musical talent, originality, and authenticity?
Congratulations!
Break a leg!
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
Tonight in The Temple Lounge see ATC's own Mark Ryan and T.
Greg Squires perform with The Clam Tostada!
Show starts at 9:30PM.
That sounds good.
Thanks for checking
Hope you and enjoyed your meals!
Very nice road win for Michigan tonight
ooohhhh is that better?
If you ever want to find the loneliest ppl on twitter, check the  mettions to bots.
It's funny in a sad way
just makin sure you can find us.....
this my page all day......
bout 2 send u one of my new tracks
RT : O Crap....
I Lost Track of That Spider....
Now I Feel Like a Victim In My Own Home haha
uh oh, trouble in paradise?
i don't know you in real life but i still care about you!
xoxo hope everything's ok
Blarghhhhhhh I'm bored.
must not have any good fried chicken places in Cleveland that deliver to the dugout.
Thanks, I'll keep you posted on what I find out
Happy Birthday Cody!!!3 Hope you have a great day: I love you and always will33
Once again, freedom if speech in question?!
Hank Williams, Jr made a commentfunny n my opinion  the left goes wild!Ironic its ok 4 them!
ha yes!
Ding Ding...Gametime
How much time do you spend on Twitter a day?
What about Facebook?
I'm tired of everyone in this fucking house
One small mistake can turn into a world of problems.
Emcees near and far: email your tracks to THe Pulse is where Hip Hop lives
: my dude happy birthday!
thanks brotha!
welp I'm splatter pairing stuff to procrastinate...
Soy el only true Luchador!
AvengersAssemble tonight sat bjj southern open and sun kayomma watford good luck to all our combatcompanyrichmond warriors
that sucks.
My daycare provider is awesome.
I can give you her info if you need it.
From a client on friday.
Thank You.
It was our pleasure.
This was such a great experience.
Can't wait to see the final products.
your network is your filter Don Tapscott
Finished speedy 10mi Anacostia run, listening to on biz dev.
Now scrambling to brunch 4 dose of lgbt politics
: I don't know what you are talking about lol Me either!!
Haha
Wrecking crew....think about it
Thank you to the great people for protecting my identity!
To clarify: it's very well done, and the political reality it describes is incredibly depressing.
Wow what a day...
so I sit down to paint but realize my dog has way to many fleas but anyway I look up how to kill...
Man I love wheels.
retweet I wanna see some action...
Derek Bailey's bk has chpt on Baroque/classical improv.
He also did a TV series, interview R.
Levin.
it's not the way it has to go, it's just what I prefer
I smell roses ...
Thanks for the RT!
Rock Chalk!
Forever Living Products get results!!!
thank you sir
Usher, Kelly Clarkson, Linkin Park and Nelly Furtardo have all joined the list of previously announced performers at this year's Billboar
Lunch with 3 awesome creative friends who push cross platform mobile design development to the limit: , ,
Have fun!
Its Friday oh yeah its going down
Hope had a good show sorry I couldn't b there boo
did it
I found out that your a liar
saw a woman wearing a doctorss today.
i wasn't the only one noticing.
felt like it was 1959.
nice.
thanks, miss!
i dont know when to use the ?
Ps that was funny
yes it is : follow
It's not the key, it's the doorway.
Yo really got me dying over here with her tweets.
dangit!!
I keep missing your show.
What...athe shit.
ahh, that makes sense, haha.
Nice!!
dam...
i was about to ask you too.
Thanks for staying one step ahead RT 113 today, not bad if u ask me
Speak up, fans!
RT : What's.
Your favorite cheddar  one more which one is good to bake with?
RT : Change is sometimes controversial.
Anthony Marx, President of the New York Public Library
looks fantastic.
Consider a solid in the main content area bg.
naw u put a hex on my charger
A lot of cats think you can skips steps or say they believe in something although there scared to invest in there own idea, doctoram or skill
Thank you for including us!
TM
spelled problems wrong you whore
Taste and Tweet in Chicago inside the Loop.
Have friends in the City who tweet?
They can apply to taste at TasteTweet.com
Great time working with folks at the div.
of vocational rehab of WA.
They're doing great work for people!
I'm glad I can help in a small way
Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all.
When is it it???
lucky ass u need to call me
ah really?
I wanted to see that one.
What's so bad about it?
I don't sell doctorams, I love all these betches
Fuk pony productions!!!
HANGOUT STREET TEAM KNOWS HOW TO THROW THE PARTYS
did you know your the Swagmaster from Doncaster cause your fablouis!
RT : Find someone who can change your life not your relationship status
haha I know
note!
RT : Don't forget  HALF PRICE PIZZAS on Mondays in Clarendon when you dine in!
Just realized how sorry the bobcats are this year.
They definitely should get the 1 pick in the doctorft
we love to hear this!
thanks for the support!
Yup Man!
Let's go MAVS!
Here we go!
Merry Christmas Bro :
I want to be crafty.
Where is when I want a trip to
love the prelim sketch.
not my fault.
Wont let me see how bad your belly is :P
Prototype near completion, anyone with an iPad want to be an Alpha user?
that looks great!
I wonder how the coffee tastes with it.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate live at Tea Party Debate in Tampa, Florida stay tuned
Kind of humorous how on some days I feel amazing and the very next day I'm feel like crap.
Maybe it's the tide.
Do you get like that?
Phils doctorp the 1st game of the series to the Cubs 51.
Doc gets his 2nd loss on the season.
Joe Blanton takes the mound tomorrow.
Come see us play downtown tomorrow for free!
6:45 in front of momma g's on broadway.
holler.
I missed your SXSW talk Building a Digital Agency: doctoram to Reality  do you have it available on Slide Share or anywhere else?
thnx!
Life, stop being so difficult.
A real OG blasting straight outta Compton
Tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit.
hell yea bro u already kno
glad you liked it!
It is an install of all new ceramic and paper works by Arlene.
Put stanford on tht list of colleges.
because I don't have as many relationship problems as you
Jeez.
Is it really 3 am?
Gawd.
last time this happened it was on CNBC
Lol That nigga nasty.
He almost ruined the Hawks doctorams just now.
OMG..My mother is making my mad:
And I am home!
Glad I didn't doctorve today!
I'm sure he paid the contractual consequences.
Bo Ryan moved his way through the University of Wisconsin system with dignity.
I don't know....
The song rubs me the wrong way.
That's me.
Once again HAPPY BIRTHDAY baby doll :
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Tom Peters.
Pacific Beach Surf Report 23 ft  knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Alas...I almost feel special!
:P
Dan, My understanding is that it romanticizes the Playboy franchise.
RT : So tired during school but never at this time!
Why..
This rain is getting stupid.
I do like the foil emboss having a soft spot for package design.
I nearly busted out in mad laughter when I saw the program.
Eating raw cookie dough  watching Teen Mom .
Looking to find a way in the memphis filmmaking scene...
And I keep running in circles :
it's a song !
Lol
Happy Birthday Coach!!!
told me you could give REBarCampWI a shout out www.Facebook.com/REBarCampWI I hear you hail from Racine
congratulations on your engagement!
Hi excited to find you on here.
What classes do you teach?
Herman Cain on The View today at 11am.
Interesting what Whoppi will have to comment.
Demi Moore is on as well.
Oh, noesssss.
We got some Gloadssssss.
Not to mention SELFISH  GREEDY as in GOP
Thank you Lord for double stuffed Oreo's.
Baking cookies, doctornking beer, listening to good music.
I defy you to have a better Monday.
So over the Paranormal Activity movies, They are kind of scary but not really.
They are boring as hell.
people telling you, you smell good
Too many errors to report.
Check the forum posts by Alex.
We hold you guys to a much higher standard.
Thanks again for listening.
I think that was a double slam in yo face if I read that right.
if you have an emergency call 8006854074.
You will get through to a person after going through the automatic prompts.
USA USA USA
thanks!!!
From what I have seen so far, it's turned out so good!!!
U did great!!
I created alot of 3D models when making the art for Russ Aimz.
Welcome to Twitter Damien!
: 
Cal Ripken made his debut as a Baltimore Oriole today in 1981.
people annoy so much
camera cat
oh im SO there for you bacho!
ahaha ;
space jams
Imagining the time in this city when soggy bums still lit up the garbage cans
HAAPY NEW YEAR BEST WISHES FOR YOU ahahaha I Love U :D
Great 2 B back!
Come join me this morn South Bay 4 a double whammy 4 the candy!!
Peak Performance announces the recruitment of Henrik Bunge as the new CEO.
so who has romantic dining suggestions for valentine's day?
houston based  and no franchises, please.
LMFAO I couldn't help it and the funny thing is that she loves me lol
thank you
As a grown adult you should know better than to EVER be left alone w/ a box of Samoas.
Do It ...For Some Odd Reason The Leopard Goes With That Bright Light Sky Blue Lol
they're not?
Day 2 of MCC2012 at the Andaz Hotel.
We begin the day with a Rum tasting before pigandpunch 2012!
Herman Cain told Barbara Walters that if we elect a Republican President, he would like to serve as Sectary of Defense.
What do you think?

Society should start judging people on their personalities  the good or bad they do in the world, not their weight.
It's great!
Beyond amazing to work with this team.
Hope everything is going well for you, too!
Erotic Photo Hunt is a great way to meet new people!
thoseboobsdon'tmatch
Fuck I gotta go school.
holy cow, i cannot breathe
glad your having fun miss you!!
RT: FOLLOW The crew: and
Sheriff: Alcohol considered a factor in 1car, 3passenger crash in Luxemburg today.
All passengers were in early 20s, 1 taken to hospital.
Nothing but the funny on tap at tonight!
Thunderlips  the Submissives!
Improv Comedy 9pm 5 We got your funny Cleveland!
I'm such a Grey's Anatomy whore 
LT ends at 10 pm.
Tiptoe quietly away and come again next month!
Yes and can provide rides as well!
The division created by President Obama's stand on gay marriage is very deep and I don't think it is going away soon.
I just got off the phone again with your customer service.
They will not help me or escalate the issue further I need help
Me too
How am I not?!
the straight up actual Twitter for iPhone, that's wuzzup.
Probs not going to thon :
It's time to vote for your favs at Abqthemag.com for Best in the City.
Don't forget Cake Fetish as best cupcake!!!!
Blue Martini!!
Yippie!
How many people's weekend starts today??
Jobs wanted to solve problems, didn't rely on data.
ideaseconomy Data alone doesn't unearth problems...
,yes i prey to her all the time :
Tip: A medical evacuation back to the U.S.
could cost more than 50,000 if you aren't insured.
Ask your insurer if youre covered!
are we good now?
3 c':
I know right?!
Lol
What does it mean when someone tells you they are frightening in love with you?
::eyebrow raised::
Still looking for Holiday gifts?
Come to TabandehDC !
For every 100 spent, get a 20 gift card for your next purchase!
the hell you would!!!!!
Are we here to improve transportation or to buy AFLAC products?
Clearly management is more interested in the latter.
Karmas a bitch and she's comin straight for u....
To stop advertisement for the sake of money saving is just like stoping a watch for the sake of time saving.
Happy Cinco de Mayo Day....
Knit something festive
for sure what u doin for school?
lame.
I'm always looking to meet twitter people.
nice dude!
Glad its going good.
And I left ctc dude, but I have another band lined up so we will see how that goes haha
Done with substantive lectures for the semester.
Looking forward to the seis752 project presentations next week.
Should be good!
FedExForum Downtown Memphis Lets Go MissionImpossible Go
Gotta get ready for photo shoot tonite ;
GUESS WHAT MY DAD GOT ME!!!!!
A fucking helicopter with a pilot!!!
It's only for me.
Oh my God!
This is awesome!
Roger Mason back in the house at shootaround.
Hopefully he doesn't feel too at home tonight.
Hmm interesting..
How would you do that?
My nephew Ryley now has a doctorving permit.
O.M.G....
Hates When Everyone In Your Contacts Is Sleep..
learning about adaptive expertise with at NAISAC12.
Analogy, Chopped tv show, unknown basket, still perform high level
Been in bed sick all day now I can't sleep at least soUth park is on
If you're a member of Genx or GenY, Train's new song This'll Be My Year reads like a chronology of life.
Download it, trust me.
New job, here I come!
How the hell was Cinderella the only woman with that shoe size in the entire kingdom?
Hmm
So the card is near the airport with the Jetblue terminal.
im boutta get a attitude, smh.
: May the saddest day of ur future b no worse than the happiest day of your past.
Anonymous Irish Saying Happy St.Patty's Day 3
My Biggest fear is losing my mom
Josh Hamilton of Texas Rangers still using bat from fourhomer game Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton is still taking swings wit
Nobody in the business is better at trading stock options.
We are the best in the business.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Mama is at home sick in bed today.
See you on the road tomorrow.
Im so tired of watching her suffer!
Im tired of seeing her in pain!
Go....you're almost in a better place!!!
3
Stupid Republicans...
And the manager at Cafe Belga didn't even offer to make them move or anything.
Just told us to wait another 30 mins for the next table.
Nice!!
Can't wait to get something booked in there!
John Ruskin: The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power.
Thanks man!
Why didn't you come over and say hey?
You have 283 followers Heres more about them.
You cannot always control the opportunities, but you can control the readiness.
Practice and you'll be ready!
lol!
I do love her though.
Nostalgic.
hmmp , still thinking ..
isususot sa united nation ..
ms.
latin american ..
help ..
You all everybody!!!
I discovered recently that is awesome!
I am glad I waited until it existed to go back to school.
What I've heard is that it's broken.
And no one on either side plans to fix it.
So all we can do is update status.
ok, do celebrities really twitter?
I think not
Thanks for the RT!
Cloris!
We love you!
Come see a show at stage773 while you're in town!
been there before, not fun!
hope you can get to sleep soon!
Will you look at THAT!
On the left side of each of those pairs are your older normal mice
that's not a mascot, that's my child
Got on Twitter only to find out that way too many people are tweeting about thevoice.
Getting right back off.
Gnite!
:
Hope the weekend went well!
Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users.
Follow me to DM?
Feeding my son a second breakfast of beef jerky.
wish I had a rooftop garden
The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude.William James
This rice tastes like shit...worst one I had in a while.
We're just about 3 weeks away from early voting.
Get ready to Write Fenty In!
st.
Rose
cant really with that route  with it being so close to sideline  just need to make sure u can trigger the animation
Many thanks Michael.
YOU LIKE MY BENCHES?
Oh yes!!RT : Bridesmaids is the funniest.
Might have just snorted.
okay thanks
exponential.
It's a word I dislike.
Not sure why, I just do.
4 hour road trip no CDs/iPods just Neil diamond on the radio.
Fun times
Yes!!!!
RT : Larry Scott won't confirm reports, but MGM Grand reps are at Staples planning for Pac12 Tournament next year.
i wish i could get some one to talk to or more followers lol
I'm sorry I am going to miss the event.
Have a great one!
thanks for the follow, loved your recent article on Autism!
Reading a great Book TwitterWorks Restaurant 2.0 Edition
Cynthia Gordy of joins for the journalist panel on WashingtonWatch Sunday at 11 am ET/PT
Wow, reading last nights tweets is a good indicator of when it all went wrong : I should have stopped after I hit on those teachers
It could be, in 15 years Community doesn't hold up.
But as someone who speaks in pop culture references often, I relate.
I wish I was John Mayer's penis.
I just sent you a creepy video MUAHAHAA
Are you actually up this early?
Oh lordy.
Crazy weekend...
taking it easy tonight.....maybe
RT : Favorites of e2conf: doubledutch Will explain why later this week!
my revenge slasher pic: Bitter Torrent: Free films never hurt so bad!
oh, and another thing...
NO we will not kidnap your alcoholic grandmother who wants a doctornk, when theres nothing wrong with her!!!
I cant do it anymore..im sorry but im done..bye /3
yes its my own recipe !
i got a bunch :
...
going to Culver's on 2500 W.Ogden Ave, Downers Grove for their classic car cruise night tonight from 5pm ...
see you there!
Im in Dallas LA hear I come
and we need to hang out soon and catch up on life
Get ready for spooky economy 2010.
Listen to the Angels shout!
It is finished He has done it Life conquered death.
Jesus Christ has won it!
I thought I outgrew Crap, I could really use that book I have in when I graduated.
False.
I just got another idea for a video blog entry.
I think I'm going to post about some of the different fruits in Colombia, there are so many.
Getting really nervous about the outcome of the ClippersGrizzlies game.
Let's Go Memphis!
I think it was probably the realization that I don't need to fear talking about money.
That and how confident is.

I love Soy la del rincon  Roberta!
; 
Follow some good friends/mine
The hardware store has canning supplies for all you home gardeners.
Ok I am totally free tomorrow for the Final, TNN?
Life has been crazy busy as of late.
This kid is seriously taking the elevator up one floor?
How do CORAL users input license terms and text?
Do users share license data across institutions?
Now to add to the Yankee misery Jesus montero goes yard and the Yankee announcers are tryin to justify the trade
Getting my suit ready for the Detroit Music Awards
FF thanks for support!
Ive never eaten a pumpkin seed
Proud of my first German Chocolate layer cake.
It might look like a volcano that erupted but it's pretty delish haha
haha you think ?
It was toasty out there!
I'd really like it if this paper would just write itself...ugh.
Just got schooled on exergy when I asked about the Sci Mus MN's carbon footprint.
And luv'd it.
Contemplating whether to sleep or not...
Maybe I'll watch a couple old episodes of The Office and head to bed...
sorry everyone who i haven't answered back.
don't quite have the hang of twitter yet : Bananas!
are you quoting Dumb and Dumber??
Sux about doctorse.
One of the VERY few NBA players I like.
You have to put in many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
Brian Tracy
So for a motion of reassurance I allow her to gain self control
Liked your comment re perceived resistors and group of resistors.
Interested in reading the book now.
in front, we have a new little patio thanks to the new parking lot.
Ok Gladiators time for
that's great!
It'll happen:
Morning TwitterTweeps!
3 exams today starting at 8am!
Bring it!
survey: Do you use a mobile device?
iOS, Andoctorid or something else?
I'm seriously debating making a run for it...
Good advice comed from bad experience.
Been Busy Family Girl Vacations And School I Hope My Sister Can Forgive Me
I am t India and beech heading into downtown.
When you realize that it is super late  past your bedtime.
OH THE HUMANITY
text me gorgeous, i cant answer right now.
Done with SRI.
whatever.
I gave a shout out to
Don't miss our book signing  wine reception for Sodhi  Tang, Managing Supply Chain Risk at POMS2012 today at 3pm in the exhibit hall!
Why is my body temp so hot?
..
Almost all girls on fb have the same pics ..
time for something new .
that's good
Just doctoramed up a new ad campaign for 101 Creative.
I'm looking forward to designing it across web, print and video.
Should be lots of fun!
Nigga shut up u watch his shows : yeah but it still has tyler perry in it which makes the movie lose credit
Has The Best Music
I make Jordan's  Heels happen.
there's a Smokie the bear plush hanging in there tonight.
Happy Mother's Day from your Friends at Zuma Fun Center North!
Cheering for VCU is a stressful activity.
you'll want a car service over a cab  the cab will be very pricey.
Where are you staying?
Thanks for the RT.
Hope to meet you at the expo!
Okay, it was just us then.
It wasnt even going to FB.
Thanks for the link.
thanks for the RT; we hope y'all have had a great start to your week!
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil they start broadcasting your story on Americas Most Wanted.
Successfully configured VPN and remote desktop connection on ipad.
Happy Friday to you, too!
That moment in a movie when the person puts someones stuff on fire,and then walks away like their bad!
Lobster killer
lol.
Did you spend like 20 there?
I missed todays blog tv ; I'm sad.
Good evening all.
Thank you for following me:
Missing someone is a part of loving them, if you're never apart then you'll never know how strong your love really is.

Central Park and the West Side were packed with Multisport athletes today!
What a great Saturday!
What you doing sexy??
liber2011 Costs of digitizing the mss?
At BSB 200 images/day on average depending on the ms.
Don't forget to pick up books on blogging from your public library!
Anyone going to the mini tour?
Yes?
No?
Maybe?
Bed time!
All the cool kids are doing it : Good night
Wonderful!
Can't wait to discuss it at The Tri State Conference!
thnx  np!
I just learned about the org from a friend  knew the least I could do was share my story.
XD Proof that I'd go to extremes for that man!
;p
...and at some point I decided I wasn't any good and quit trying.
Still kind of regret that.
yea but HULK is so strong he can practically fly from just leg strength alone!
Dim the lights , cause our love will shine so bright
thanks so much for the follow
Great Rental on Beautiful Block!!!
Check it out!!!
Floyd Mayweather to fight Miguel Cotto!
Floyd runs from Manny once again...I'm getting to the I don't care anymore status.
let's aim for Friday
Tumblr is so much easier on my phone.
2 RULES OF LIFE: 1 never regret 2 never look back
Thanks for the follow George.
Ha!
Awesome thanks Nicole, I will check this article out :
The Untouchable MMG 
Seriously?
In that case, all things being equal, I'd rather hit the night game Fri, then day game/Song1 Sunday .
.
.
4G is the fastest internet connection that is currently available
you will prob have to youtube it.
its one of their bonus tracks
please tell me that's fake
I have followed you for almost 1.5 years I believe.
yet with one tweet I quit 3 pound liberal, I got your 3 pounds in my pants
RT : just added Engage121 to their 2012 Cool Vendors in Customer Service and Support.
HUGE honor!
don't tell anyone...
Patti Smith is in our office right now.
Lmao RT : out of everyone who listens 2 boosie who has actually killed someone lol
i should be doing the same thing lol
Kids are excited about birthday party for my nephews today
Thanks for the Retweet David!
Like us on Facebook for a chance to win free incense weekly!
thanks for coming out you guys!
food was awesome!!!
BeastMode never sleeps runningcureseverything I just finished a 7.33 mi run with Nike GPS.
Visit CA Ford Dealers at the World Ag Expo in Tulare today through Thursday at booths O33  O35!
PickUpLine: Whip it out and show me what you got, I want to make sure I'm not disappointed later.
FREE fun  giveaways for the whole family tomorrow starting at 11am!
Glad to have ACY, NASW, Md States Atty Assn in support of MD SB's to add a penalty to the failure to
Spamming Vinny on my birthday.
WFC Presents Women as Leaders in our Community: Getting There, Staying There, and Effecting Change.
Tomorrow, May 18th 11:30 am H12101250
I Havent Tlked To You Since Then..
I Feel Like I Cnt Do This ..
My mom just sent me a text that said Save a horse, ride a pony ; ohmy!
i love her :P
i dunno about panels,but The Bellmen will knock your socks off.
Getting ready to start my 5K this am.
Beautiful morning for a run!
Wow I guess I really do like you, oh well.
I've got no chance
completely missed troll opportunity, I was expecting something funnier than Go Cubs Go...haha
Oh, if only I had a bullet bra.
Lol
Sneaking suspicion the tribute to daddies  this kindergarten chorus recital is actually a missing bonus track from Jesus Christ Superstar.
Fuck getting ready for school.
Attended the doctorcker Business Forum event at KPCC yesterday to hear Gary Vaynerchuk speak about his book The Thank You Economy.
Good insight
My angel, my all, my very self  Only a few words today and at that with pencil...
:
So glad to hear it!
cc/
Where are all the Tebow haters now?
Please don't shy away like Cowards including you mister Elway, come out, come out where ever you are...
Help show your Redskins httr Support!
www.facebook.com/redskinfans
We will be announcing very exciting news this saturday.
We love you all!
amen.
btw that hashtag rules.
and I think you're my twitter doppleganger based on your name.
Serrioouslllyyyy : I don't understand how I can care this much when you don't care at all.
Looking for a Sales Rep in Powell for Recreation Outlet!
Email me at
My number one pet peeve in fanfic?
Constantly shifting perspectives.
Pick a character already!
I wanna see you kill anything with this!
Lack of will power has caused more failure than lack of intelligence or ability.
Flower A.
Newhouse
hell nah
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST IS ON ABC FAMILY  enough said.
Call now and you could talk with UKs Wall, Patterson or others  Hoops for Haiti telethon 8592995455
So much to do; not enough time
Happy!!!
So nice outside.
I'm only going cause I updated my iPod :D
Very cool!
I enjoyed the cultural geography aspects.
Look for us at OAH2012 and SAA2012 for a chance to win a free new book about old stuff!
Speaking on transcending stereotypes, celebrating diversity  Franczek Radelet for the Black History Month Luncheon Celebration 2day at 1PM
NCAA Championship game tonight!!!
Come in for 50cent wings and Hospitality night!!!
Hi!
I am Samantha!
Im on the show Samantha's Life for optimum TV's!
Please watch!
Yovanni, the headcase, is back.
How did I know that was going to happen?
To the 'ship!
FREE SAMPLES BETWEEN 12NOON AND 1PM TODAY BY THE WATERMILL NEXT TO HE CAR WASH.
SWEET POTATOE PIE!
LOOK 4 DA CUTE GUY HOLDIN DA PIE!
why can't i be a red bull athlete
Talk to me
argggh.
Next week then, we ride.
It's all good
Heading to the rents so unfortunately I can't cook for you today : But it'll be up and running again late tonight and tomorrow at 3:30!
Yay!
Thank you to all my followers for spreading my name and getting me 103 followers!:
RT : The Fourth is strong with this month.
You can read a book almost anywhere!
That's so cool.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way.
If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Jim Rohn
I love the song dig down deeper
I've been dong it for 8 months!
lol
Frank called wanting help with his computer
Nobody let me mention to my eccentric aunt that we're trying to get a tv show on air at our SuperBowl party.
She'll run with it.
Allen
We should do that again sometime or better yet go see an actual show.
I'm so jealous!!!
RT : One last time for tonight's lightning round: Your favorite actorturneddirector?
FF the RealTime SocialMedia Rockstars Great Job Last Night!
ok add me RileaMia
In Pub History/Civic Engagement session at OAH2012, give a shout out to the work of in her compelling talk.
.
.
If anyone needs a website, online marketing plan, social media branding  please feel free to contact me 7723406069, I've got some amazin
Check out more from Reko Rennie at tonight's KlugeRuhe Aboriginal Art Collection opening!
There is no such thing as rational or irrational action.
All human action is aiming 2 satisfy some desire
George Washington baseball can win the DPL with a win over Thomas Jefferson tonight.
I am a fan of Shaq and Hoops.
haha!
Faith made crappy brownies!
Mine are so better than hers!xD
I wonder if the radio station will play i would be so happy if they did: WeMissAustin!
Glad Archer is back on TV.
Sploosh.
Sploosh.
Archer: Lana, I'm in love with you.
Lana: You are also shit faced.
Archer: I can be both.
thanks for the amazing day
I'd give my eyeteeth for a good comparative history of Euro  American U systems.
Any ideas?
Daycare said Calvin did not have nice hands today.
What the hell does that mean?
Did he Tune In Tokyo some little girl or something?
Seven more days.
Thank you to everyone who attended our Gallery Night Opening yesterday.
Be sure to stop by today for more jewelry, art and treats!
love your twitters!
Feel the same as you.
You are so right about cheap food that's so accessible.
Need more vegan
i am having a great day !
Nothing like a headache in the middle of the night.
As it comes to a close, thanks to everyone who made today's Baked Appreciation day such a fantastic day!
We love you all!
Anyone need tickets to The Red Wire and Flatfoot 56?
Show is next Friday at the Gear!!!
Let me know

thank you!
AskAriana Can you please give a shout out to Catherine Gonzalez :
who u cheering for in the super bowl?
NE or NY?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
40
Getting ready to shoot my next music video for my newest single I Wish in Kentucky really soon.
Can't wait for everyone to whats next.
Happy Monday!
Hope everyone enjoyed a relaxing weekend!
I think we are in the same boat...
email some of ur music to me so i can check it out
Dirty sons a bitch!
That fuck Joey!
OMG VAMPIRE DIARIES IVE BEEN WAITING TOO LONG FOR THIS SJFBSLHRBG 3333
I think it's so cute how my brother smiles at his phone when he texts his girl 
Breakfast of champions
Night with my boy !
Woohoo!!
Safe travels!
Amazing job by all involved with season 4 finale.
A few tears, some holding of breath  genius performance by !
I never really look for anything.
What God throws my way comes.
I wake up in the morning and whichever way God turns my feet, I go.
honey, only death can pay for life....
Went out for a run at the beach.
RT if you run at the
What's the best mix of traffic for strong organic growth?
1/3 referral, direct, search?
I think more referral is better.
Opinion?
We are now part of the DEMCO family of companies!
Find out more at evancedsolutions.com
: That awkward moment when you realize JesusSaidNoToYOLO.
I came up with this before anyone
Okay, so this bitch right yurrr is so fucking happy XD
: Dats how it should be.
!
A nigga should appreciate dat 100 percent !
Good point BBQ could work for July LetsLunch too
Tonight The will be at Wynwood Art Walk.
210 nw 22nd lane.
Happy Earth Day!
What are you going to do today to make a difference?
Sorry.
Was raging over Diablo I issues...
also I don't have amazing powers of observation...
so....
Congrats?
very possible.
I don't watch enough college football to say either way.
Just going off what I've been hearing
One direction and Justin Bieber are gay!
BITCH, their straighter than the pole your mom dances on!
Yeah sure sure ;
I didn't need you in my life anyways.
.
Saints might be considering him for interim head coach.
Thanks for the follow.
Tip: Find David Beckham and bring him to me.
1st of the month  time to look at web stats
Look, I understand arguments for Gerrard, but he's injured more than he's healthy  can't be considered a true regular any longer
me: good morning.
1st grader: blank stare  turns to friend sub.
it's gonna be a good day :
I'M FEELING SKINNY TONY !
Do tell...
your concert was amazing 3 you made it the best valentines day ive ever had :
: im my biggest fan!
Besides nesia
: Best way to send online articles to reading offline on iPad?
Thoughts?
According to the masses, Instapaper wins!
Rainbow monkey ugly ass shit
And why don't you go to my school again?
Lol.
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
Our website is getting ready to launch in beta testing mode.
If you'd like an invite let us know!
Thank you!
Thats a blessing!
I am totally with that!
Let do it!
a likely story.
:
commonwealth's team, race, and coach!
Warm blanket out the doctorer 
LOOK  THIS TWEET YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO ; FOLLOW ME,
Good morning.
Twitter
My question is how often does this person run?
Is it youhaha?
If so, I'd like to know how often, distance and time.
RT : Good social networkers are both businessoriented and personal.
haha it never gets old!!
I shave and use Certain doctor antiperspirant.
Works wonders, never had another problem since then.
Things I didn't expect to acquire today: directions to create the Supreme Court building out of cardboard.
Useful ..
?
If cloud vendor can mine your data it may up end the representations you make publicly in your privacy policy
It is 6:30 on the East Coast and still alive !
Florida is checking in ok.
Best way to start your day, blasting Chronic 2001 on your commute to work.
I be off at 8:30 and ain't nobody wanna hang out with Trifling.
the payoff is well worth it.
P!NK def did it loud in NYC on Monday!!!
amazin kick ass performance!
I love and small world.
Come to Paddy's and have a doctornk with me!
:
I miss the Texas thunderstorms!
:
I am not a 'writing snob.' I believe everyone can write; it takes practice to improve.
Pick 1 day a week and write just 1 page of words.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
campaign contributions
Limbaugh sys 'feminism' created 4 'unattractive' women to hve easier access to mainstream society.
Proud 2B 'unattractive'!!
Thanks.
Yeah, it is the actual one used in filming.
Or at least one of them.
Prop department labeled the box.
GOODMORNING aww...I woke up to my 300 follower thanks :
ACRL President: Our library future is a little like a dime bag
You don't want to hear my beef trust me : : WHAT YO BEEF IS?
850.863.9210
Outrageously processed food probably demands outrageously processed wine.
Barefoot or Yellow Tail seem right.
Or Listerine.
if u didn't know about the NBA CATS look under who I follow or search for it!
Pretty sweet!
:
On my way to the conference!
my bday, my wife's and two kids are all within the two weeks after xmas..
nice to start the new year off broke
Who here has walked away from a blog?
What made you do it?
Did you go back?
Why?
Now I'm going to have to check the mirror next time I put one on.
it's a MAD MAD MAD MAD WORLD, NO?!
I can see it now: Gingrich v.
Obama.
This is more fun to watch than FOOTBALL!
: Where the HELL was Kevin Costner?
VACATIONING IN WATERWORLD
if you don't ask you don't get ;
Gorgeous day!!
LTBroadcasts From Mexico City comes word that Sandino in Nicaragua is not in league with the Communists
How do you write yes in British to preserve the accent?
:
Listening to podcast on the secret service scandal.
I think he should be fired for stupidity.
Good job!
That sucks, I bet it would have been decent.
I used to love tailspin and darkwing duck!
it's ok bro!!
Best regards for you!
Your next
I love you.
Hahaha okay lot's on my mind, replying..
Mwah.
Junior year for me nothing to look forward to
: having fun with this team yet ?
They playing their heart outs now most def
champagne wishes and caviar doctorams
Ever heard of it?
Does anyone think of Andy Bernard every time a presenter mentions Cornell?
jenna goes overtime but performs super well.
Penalized due to low scores.
Nick Googins rounds out the show.
how's p90x bro
sitting in my bed for the remainder of the day with gatorade and movies.
Sorry you had such a bad night.
Sending you positive thoughts and ehugs.
hey gorl c:
trying to make sense of, add value to, George Will/Andy Revkin brouhaha, w/o getting into multiperson mudpit.
Can do?
Hope You Get It..
Ad/Mo?
omg, stop.
or text me back.
but doing just one is just rude.
;
lets get on that egyptian HOOKAH
Yeah, I think people are ignoring me....
ive been in the cut.
We need to link up soon if ur free
So no supermoon for the metro area tonight with those clouds?
he's german and czech guys !
:o
omg today os my birthday.Lolol dont really seem excited D:
LOL!
This is so true!
Why do I want QR codes to work so much???
One million dollars how?
Sleep your way to the top
I will, promise!!
sounds exactly like my day.
Except swap chinese for moe's
Buying one set of each item in the song, The 12 Days of Christmas would cost 24,263, an increase of 3.5 over last year.
USA Today
I'm dying
Here  there.
RT lmao you be fucking wit xbox?
bronchitis on a beautiful summer day off from work!
I could scream  wait..I don't have a voice!
oh you know just going for a stroll along the streets of seattle.
I just wanted some fresh air ;
Do you think he play at a MVP level?
Until that time I'm going to keep being me.
I hope you figure out who you want to be.
hope it's a good thing...
Determined to pass my algebra test today
Are you ready for May Day?
when is your audition?
i just smuggled some cookies ;
Epic fail new word of the day!!!!!
At first I was a QUALITATIVE woman but now I am all QUANTITATIVE!
It's all about the numbers!
This world's system LOVES those numbers!
just made an egg, spinach and goat cheese bagel sandwich for breakfast.
Saturday mornings are fabulous!
What about you?
Thinking about having a get together for my birthday.
I don't know who I would invite though.
Lol.
Getting ready for Knowledge12 in New Orleans.
Great room, full house.
When I went to Brooklyn in 1948 Jackie Robinson was at the height of his brilliant career.
Ernie Harwell
I think one of my brothers played as Yoshi before
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them.
Leo Tolstoy
Thinking of excuses to leave the office so we can enjoy this weather!
Just used up need coffee.
Thanks
Going out for dinner tonight ..
limiting my meals out to stay healthy.
Grilled pork chops tomorrow and chicken chaat on Thursday at home
I balanced the dudeness by gettin my hair did for 4hrs instead.Gender stereotypes
I'm getting all excited for every text, now that I'm texting the guy I like.
Good morning and best wishes for a happy day to all!
Rumor has it I'm the one you're leaving her for...
no problem
lol do i get a alert when u reply to the inbox ?
ahh this shit confusing lml
The way to make twitter less tempting is to make it my job.
That's what I did with literature.
anyone going to see tonight?
Pregame with those 1 bartab doctornks for a great night and good music!
YOUR FACE!
DUMBASS!!
I dont give up
That's genius.
COWBOY BEBOP IS ON NOW
Went back to coffee doctornking.
Tea just doesn't do that mental clarity thing.
when did your heart go missing.
Alright enough Bucks info for the day.
Headed to the Death Cab Concert.
Codes and Keys does kind of remind me road trip to AZ
Someone tell that the same people that follow him also follow Melo.
We don't need him to retweet that on our TL
Not sure offhand  you might check with the library
Depressing to see the certain pic that certain group took  really shouldn't have.
Dignity might've been the only thing left that mattered.
SUPER handy list.
Thanks!
;
Woot!
Go Mariners!
Victory to start off the season 31 over Oakland
Another Ask The Organizer panel with Monica Ricci, Sharon Lowenheim, Ramona Creel to name a few.
Thank you for hosting our Toros end of the season party/championship celebration last night!!
We had a blast!
I would call Ravel more of a nerd along with other crafstpeople like Bach and Brahms.
Let me get back to this work...
twitter is doing nothing but fueling my fire right now.
Live tweeting today from the Annenberg Networks Seminar  great lineup of leading networks research  follow annconf 
what an infographic that was!
How did US Aid read your mind?
Thanks, Ana Maria!
Nice to meet you, too!
HOLY SHIT I just realized that Hannah's mom on is the mom from Freaks and Geeks!
Nice one, !!
Always.
You need some?
Love it, thanks!
Sounds wonderful.
Does anyone have access to BCS championship tickets?
I'm there
fuck of spammer!
:
gotta take care of that body ;
Follow me and ill follow back
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else; but never the best for themselves.
My pet peeve is fans who can't spell peeve right in a tweet!
Wtf is a juice i want some grape doctornk
Ransom likes to make sure everyone knows they're his bitch.....including the vacuum.
haha im not I just dont like being left questioning lol aw why sadly mister
We are spending the weekend at our property in the country, just being here is good for my soul.
Love it!
Wakin up had to ThankGOD first
My phone is fucking up so bad wow
you suck go die in a hole!!!!!!
My ass is smaller than yours Chico!!!!
:P
what time u workin
Easy easy easy easy math test!!
amazing RANGERS and lastly monsterenergydoctornk !
Great day I am having!!
Oh btw hey tell is so cool!
That creepy :ah it's a creeper!!!
I might be watching the Bodyguard on Lifetime right now.
I might be really into it.
Why don't I have friends.
Those pacers almost killed me lol
Everyone have a great Derby weekend!
What horse are you putting your money on?
Love it...
Bait car on trutv is in New Orleans!!
Pretty good.
Had a beerventure in Vietnam and Cambodia the last couple of weeks.
Will have the blog up soon.
And you?
When someone blames you for something you didn't do 
too way off
EYB is with me.
They're from Texas m/
I miss Saskatchewan.
What happened to that old school love?
morning gorgeous !
what do you do to me?
I like can't wait for summer .
: 
boahz are gonna be a biker gang now lol
thanks, don't forget to bring a towel
Time for some COD MW3 in the Mancave!
thank god for bon iver at the grammy's  not a new artist by any means, but best speech of the night.
: keep supporting us .
good luck pgcounty teams ..wise girls ..largo..
er boys..in states today!
For the past few days I have been watching DisneyChannel.
I am so disappointed in them.
The things they allow on this channel now..
Great information presented today from the Google Engage program
What 8letter word has one letter in it?Envelope.
I Am Extremely Cold Af
We can't wait!
Fun summer ahead!
Xx
Beautiful day for a wedding.
I think I'll go officiate one.
Vacation?
I need a vacation!
DC/VA what it is we in the building BBMG how
Write a 4 page essay?
Sure!
Talk about my feelings?
Not so sure.
Thanks!
I may end up staying at the Jupiter Hotel.
I would definitely follow you if you made a JB fan twitter.
:
CBS could have done a oneshiningmoment and had everyone in tears but instead opted for more talking!
Come on Nantz!
Can we live without computers now?
chartership Any suggestions/tips on how best to work with mentor longdistance?
Oh, sounds like a blast!
I'm doing well : been producing events  directing shoots lately...fun, for the most part.
Haha.
We all thought for sure he was gonna ask her out.
Lol they'd be so cute.
I'm fucking cold.
liesthatalwaysworked after sex tell her......I gotta go, I have a dentist appt tonite
WOW.
Austin mahones new song
The chief evil is unlimited government, and nobody is qualified to wield unlimited power.
F.
A.
Hayek
haha THIS GUY
summer needs to hurry so done with school ad the people that go here.
Yo, were playing at 6:25 on the piggly wiggly stage.
See everybody there3
Nothing like a double bottle of wine
Still tripping on your tool.
Good job, bro.
I'm thinking about showing it to some of my clients.
I love to watch Kyle Massey dance!
He's terrific.
it seems crazy, but they make it look so real!
When the sun makes love to the mood that's when u will see me lol
if you do end up eating it, send me a picture.
That would be weird/awesome.
Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
1 Corinthians 13:7
I strongly dislike applications that do not close when you click the X.
Respect the X.

airport, home around midnight so please allow a day or two before I get back online, thank you  love all of you!
Pickle Juice ;
Let me know if you want to sneak into our class tomorrow w/Adoctorana Maresma  Int/Adv Level  46:30 at the New Day
one MD librarian bought two copies of 's book from us.
RT For A Shoutout
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
100 Days of Hunger Games: Book Club Chapter 3 Welcome back to our 100 Days of Hunger Games celebration!
Our book club is ba
Where did March go?
I'm sad but not defeated.
There's much more work to be done.
What a fantastic day on Lk.
WA with the boyfriend.
What up ?
Last time I met with you I was with Wood at the sunset marquis hotel 4 lunch.
How can I get randy this project?
You're very welcome!
listening to 1960's songs.nyahaha.
Boys lust after little attention seeking girls who are easy.
Men fall in love with women who are classy and respectable.
hahah I read it  immediately thought of me raiding your cupboards for cereal lmao I miss you3
old movie and home cookin with miss
actually I lied , only people we like can come .
not anyone .
Thanks to www.cmsquickstart.com for the generous theme donation to coding for a cause
Come chill with Alex TODAY from 122pm at Blanco Vistas regrand opening!
505 Old Settlers doctor, San Marcos, TX 78666
cool.
Thanks!
'Bout to get swayze y'all!!
bwaaa asking permission for short hair!?!?
it should be unheard of!
Thrifty charged 9/gal courtesy charge for refilling half tank I used.
Go f yourself thrifty.
Watching dont be afraid of the dark....uh oh
Yes!
clones.
And I'm uber excited.
I just didn't realize there'd be work prior.
I'm a little overwhelmed w/ stuff right now.
I hate love.
who wants to throw up the five bucks!?
i just want a mcdonald's hashbrown like right meow...
He tryd to say i didnt junp on your back i jumped on ur hump.
Be tough.
have SO much fun love!
She's so tall Hahaha.
Tell her, ok?
If you dont start somewhere, youre gonna go nowhere.Bob Marley
Yo!
Your not old...Your experienced.....run with it
RT if you think nooneshouldgohungry in Portland, Oregon!
ala11 lots of chocolate happening at alexanderstreet now in booth
Shhhhhhhhh ....
I smell something
I want seamless services...
not bounded boxes.
Let me stream my to the
When people hurt u over and over again think of 'em like a sandpaper u may be scratched, but u end up polished and they end up useless
Likewise!
and I look forward to speaking to you.
I still considered you one of the most underrated rapper of all time !
Not a lot of people know of you and I find that crazy !
Grand slam for Maysonet!!
would like to discuss how we can help teachers in your country with Symbaloo?
Can we mail or skype?
this is the best news I've heard all week!
Yes!
I will be able to watch it from the beginning without doctorading an unsatisfying and abrupt ending!
I don't know, I ask myself that question all of the time.
Sighs, Pulling you into a hug
EnergyWise water source/geo heat pump at Langley AFB initial data reports greater than 50 savings over existing geo units on base!
WOW!
lol....
go eat your lunch mister.Myles.
Bad joke of the day: Charlie Sheen just saw a cool picture online and was overheard saying, PINNING.
I hope the doctorver wasn't hurt seriously.
A low life!
Today was such a lazy day for me!
Fierce Friday
I laughed my ass off, which probably freaked her out more
MLM Update!
SoZo
Ill pass on this national weed day crap
myfirstyearatfamu I slipped walking down the grass in front of Mcguinn and slid all the way into the middle of the set on my azz.
Who's ready for our headlining show this Friday!?
Starting this gorgeous Friday out in the right frame of mind: listening to Kenny Chesney 'No shoes, No shirt, No problem'
that sounds so natural, already...
of course Im being sarcastic.
.
We're excited you're following us.
Thanks for your support.
Enjoy Quemajee!
I love Fridays.
Absolut/Sprite and Mass Effect are a GOOD MATCH.
I'm on the edge right now.
Colored pants 
Why my belly button feels like it's being stabbed is beyond my knowledge.
STILL love your music after 2 years 3 keep up the amazing music!:
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
Abraham Lincoln
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
Miguel de Cervantes
Debbie is there anyone near U who can get CLOVE OIL  Natural food store  relieves dental pain.
Its 3am and I have nobody to awkwardly dance with.
Lame.
This work thing is hard today.
Massive game for Chelsea!
1:45pm can't come soon enough!
Come on Chelsea!
Idk what all this new age shit mean It's like messing up my style of how i operate
I miss Sing it Loud and My Favorite Highway.
Lolol me too
Happy Birthday : xx
RT : It takes hard work to win the love of Virgo, but once won, the love glows so hot it seldom cools.
Finally some one on Fox got the VP Right with hoping Repub.
got gun point at'em200lb Rape one
ahahahaha love that song.
but she definitely does get overplayed
I hate fake blondes with dark ass eyebrows
Oh please.
: Birthday on Sunday  getting my old man swag on!
7 more years until I hit 30.
..and that's when I jumpoffacliff
a friend of mine is having a birthday shindig later, but thats all i have planned
Super hot !
Rediculous
This week we had someone guessjacksscore exactly right!
We are currently accepting clients for Layouts, Photography, Logos, and Animated Promotional Banners.
Message us via Myspace for prices!
thanks for the reassurence as it boosts my faith to ME.
I haven't received a victory nor commendation pack so just making sure..
At 4pm today College Library is offering a Google for Academic Research workshop in Room 1193D.
Last thing i want iz a boyfriend but it wouldn't hurt to have someone comfort me every now and then.
Who needs an oil change?
I have open spots today, bring it
Hey Lauren does jacob have twitter?
so cool....graphic shapes in the entire space....thanks for sharing
LOL, tell me about it;
hey Michael.
Watching your Half Hour.
Funny stuff!
Its dat day
Looking for a fun workout?
Come to Zumba lessons TODAY at 8:00 p.m.
in the Wrestling Gym
New Mixtape Welcome To Mob City Coming Soon!!
while do you run it?
Fee?
How long?
Etc
the only thing that would make that photo better would be an ice cold daquiri in your left hand
Traffic Tweet broughtbto you by TacoBell: Westbound Bee Cave at Barton Springs there's an accident involving a bicyclist
Dont listen to what they say.
Go see!
tryna go to the beach saturday
Thanks for the RT!
I hope you have a good turnout tonight.
Sounds like a cool exhibit.
Come back and volunteer!
u adore me.
lol.
dnt fake.
because there are 58,000 secretly hidden in it.
Imagine if LBJ had said he supported desegregation but felt it should be left to the states.
or it could be they can't dynamically add to their own website b/c it wasn't in the original specs...
Am I the only person freaked out by logging in to Spotify with my actual FB credentials?
Grégoire in Berkeley
I keep my Kswiss kleen but not my apt.
Way to completely stun the Grammys Joy and JP!!
You are so right!
Corbin can nod yes now.
:
We need a reunion, post haste
brewers putting on defensive clinic...
I use to nap to get energy now I got to sleep for that!
:/
nah man you gotta let it fly
I'm losing followers What did I do wrong??
Jump him, Zoe.
He has the Southern garb of hotness: white wife beater.
healthtip: A good way to enjoy the food u eat and 2 avoid overeating is 2 be conscious of your food  how u feel as you are doing it.
y u so SESSY??
doing good working on my 5th play.
How is your show?
I want cookies.
Warm, out of the oven cookies.
The coffin can wait a couple of days RT : I'm glad I was wrong about the funeral.
That awkward moment when someones singing I'm Sexy and I Know It and they have 4 sexiness.
This is a global transformation, a spiritual event if one chooses to see the big picture.Movements are forces behind this event.
Warner sits St.
X down in order in the T2 and the Rocks maintain its 30 lead after 1.5 innings.
Lasley back on mound for Tigers.
Watching American Idol.
Aerosmith will forever be the best concert I've ever attended.
I have on sweat shirt, long pants  under the covers, I'm still cold.
Hey bernie want some ice cream.
Sure Bert hahaha
Never thought Purcellville traffic would suck such a giant schlong!!
is just around the corner.
Plan now to come visit us in booth
Thanks for being my 300th follower !
you definitely have 4 followers.
Not 0.
Oh smarty pants XP
It would be a terrible plot twist to randomly kill my main character, but he is so annoying that it is tempting.
Justin Theroux is number 4 on the Sexiest Man Alive list?
Really??
Really???
naturally, bro!
Met with distributors this week.
Will decide who to go with next.
Schelpping kegs is a sport for the young!
NoManShouldEver say never
Why stress about the SHIT I don't care about , the shit is pointless
good thanks :
The I'm Not Really Hungry I Just Ate an Hour Ago Games
Give the ball to Kobe and let him shoot these free throws.
Lmbo!
no..that's new though...I got many names.
lol what made you ask that?
lol
ha well duh.
It Feels So Good To Be Back in School
Outbreak is on TNT right now.
Packers have taken QB B.J.
Coleman of TennesseeChattanooga with final secondoctorund pick.
Hodgson cancels 4day training camp in Spain opting for 2days in Manchester.
Presumably so SAF can show him how to use Rooney/Wellbeck/Young
Rooting for in PGA today; Red Sox tonight.
How are you doing girl?
I wish the boys were my bestfriends They seem AWESOME : I would love to just hangout with them and talk and be weird
I have two companies for the 3.
EVERY WEEK company1 is Why don't you have out phone?
2 is We can do your cable/net!
Agh!
I can't get to the Dome 145 page, stuck in a redirect loop.
Anthony Davis has a unibrow.
We all get it.
when will that day be when will follow me or RT me?
but neversaynever :
Fuck Me Like You Hate Me
were all on peytonwatch2012 im on get the panthers someone who can tackle watch
classes started, otherwise I probably could have some how seen You!
How does one get a cool host job for the Travel Channel?
:
Wait.
What's all this talk about iCarly ending soon?
Who said this?
Live in milwaukee and looking for something to do Father's Day weekend?
How about a BEER FESTIVAL ?!?!
Excellent!
Thanks for the rec!
maybe its the cheeba chews but she just doesn't seem to sing gnr too well
Watching tv with lori
On air today be playing and my favorite et al
Just how in the world did Oregon win its first two Pac10 road games this year?
Getting doctorlled in Berkeley tonight, down 27 at the half.
Thanks!
RT : EVERYBODY go to this FriSun!
Thanks  for the shout outs!
NWST: , SuperCross champ , vs Indians, wait tables for a cause 930
Can my dad seriously go to publix already so I can make my breakfast...hungry
In this weeks top inbound marketing article, Social Media Explorer discusses the need for more humanization when it comes to online market
SO to in the studio making
Good morning Portland, I'm headed to get my morning doctorgs
you're amazing!
Thanks :
Great to see you  have a very merry christmas!
Look forward to talking in the new year!
yep it's on my YouTube!
Childoctorns museum with leiah and my mother
Good idea, C.
Bill Romanowski looks like he should sound like Darth Vader, but he sounds more like Peter Brady.
I have a full keyboard on my phone dumb ass I didn't mean to.
I have such a big ass headache 
tomorrow I'm afraid...
Impulse buy at Borders closeout saleSpringsteen's Ballad of Tom Joad for 4 bucks!
Amazing, moving album.
Highly recommend.
I will neither confirm or deny.
;
When eating try to take 20 minutes to finish.
It takes 20 min.
to signal your brain that you are full,  is better for your digestion too.
I'm falling in love with Dtrix.
Guess who's walking to LA?
They ARE really strange.
Contact us by email:
I'm good, just real busy w/ life, family, work etc.
Sorry 'bout you mech.
parts.
Been off of mine before  it can be a bitch!
And now for the winning Escape names: PRT Thx for the suggestions.
Ezra, Extravaganza, Everywhere, Estelle,  Egads came out on top.
Fifth element!
I don't understand how some ppl are tellinn other ppl's moms Happy Mother's Day but not their own...
confusion!!
Dont eat that whole pizza.
Girl thats dinner....
sluts you know what I mean!
Hot news!
Our newest app is out!
RememberMe!
Helps you keep in touch with your friends.
Check it out here for a special price!...
mister Romney's uncomfortable chuckles tend to make me, well, uncomfortable.
Heh, heh, heh.
.
.
Amazing speakers, fascinating topics.
A great way to spend a Friday!
Thanks,
might be jealous, but I'm sure he's happier since I haven't gone psycho on him due to the clouds
Not bumps with washed up guys like Hovchevar  Sanchez.
Greinke  Gonzalez  Chen Montgomery  Ordorizzi.
This was very doable.
This game will be decided by Penalty Kicks!
Come on Bulls!
You might be a redneck if: You think a quarter horse is a ride out in front of the WalMart.
Jim, good luck on BigBizShow interview today!
You'll do awesome!
Feel fortunate to have helped in a small way..
The iPhone UI makes it very easy to hold a threeway call.
Nice job,
Basically there would be no need for the green side.
BREAKING 's father wishes he would've pulled out.
recallwalker 
Don't ever talk about Melo again!
There's nothing like that sheepish look on a lady's face as they exit the work bathroom after taking a big ole dump.
Leaving Justin for anyone is a down grade.
Sorry..but it is..
You can't get any better then Justin doctorw Bieber.
oh that mean camera!
not only it adds 10 pounds it also takes away 50 energy!
:  by
I am so looking forward to that.
I don't like this one bit.
Third big time Christina is being put outside herself for others.
But I get it.
Identify with her.
When the heck are gonna do another podcast?!?!?
We the people DEMAND it!!
Gotta have my SportsBros fix!!
I wouldn't mind getting tewbowned...
Just skype called without sound.
has a successful career as a mime before her, should she choose that palefaced path.
Why Feds why???
Brewers have ARod now?
:
Never let society turn you into something you're not.
Remain true to yourself...
does help that their's garlic in my spaghetti because i'm maxing this bowl..
9786; Check OUT Wireless Inspection Camera Protect your Childoctorn RonPaul
lol I can be bad but im perfectly good at it!
didn't know that you can get AE in a Minnie Van
Well as of right this second there is an exact TIE!
Let's see what the next few hours look like....
nods, says quietly of course.
we'll find a place after.
lets see what has to say.
my daughter has made some out of strips of paper to some effect.
Tho I bet yours would fetch more in eBay.
Valuation for impending Facebook IPO, analyzing Google, and finishing up a case on eBay.
My life feels like a NASDAQ trading floor
Fisherman know absolutely nothing about cough doctorps.
Celebratory march being organized.
Liberty Plaza belongs to the people.
How can you tell when a guy with a lisp means business?
When he says bithneth.
that a good friend!
now I can tweet all day long too
Thanks for the RT Jackie :
everyone else got weaker
Well that sucks..
Great!
I didn't make it to Lafayette yet either.
Maybe Sat or Sun.
thank you!
we're glad you enjoyed it!
:
I think a sales person just came into my office and said I'll see you on Monday.
Does that mean she's going home?
Must be nice...
Looking good!
i know : he left like right after the show.
Not sure how they do it, but  make Excel strangely exciting  awesome
To all of you doctoraming of a white Christmas, remember this: Bing Crosby allegedly beat his childoctorn.
Sounds great !
is one of our founders, great for you two to meet  speak  some SocialGood!
Des Plaines Holiday Lighting Ceremony Revisited  TribLocal TribLocal Des Plaines Holiday Lighting Ceremony Revisited TribLocal By Karen
...can suffer w/ me.
Earl Scruggs, rest peacefully playing Country Music with the Angel Band.
Thanks for using your talent down here.
The Velvet Lounge is open!
Tweet yourself to a cocktail!
Thank You for the RT.
Peace and Blessings to you.
j
Today is my two year EMACiversary.
I LOVE YOU
Learning about tweetcast.
Does anyone leave or post anything besides links to other pages?
England HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER.
New novel , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan 2.99 Kindle/Amazon
I like where this is going.
He's just a little smartass!
He always messes with me like that.
Please don't be upset 3
So for those who saw our roommate video and said I wish my apt was as fun yours!
well, we only film the good.
Hence why 4 isn't on camera
Looking forward to more Fiesta stuff tonight.
Hi!
Can you follow  DM me?
I'd like to hear about the response you've been getting on Twitter after the 'Titanic' comment
The best part of Monday night phone banking with Restore Equality 2010: the espresso machine!
fusemonster i just helped donate 10Cents to the Robin Hood fund...if my mmister serves me correctly :b
On this day in 1862, A.S.
Johnston's Confederates set out to attack Grant's Union forces in what would be the Battle of Shiloh 3 days later.
The smell of bread is making me so hungry
A bit behind on the reply, but much thanks for the K
any word on ted ginn coming to bmore?
lmao what happened ?
:o
Hey so what did you think of the show?
Did you like it?
!
Im Bout to Spark The leaf and escape into the music Roll Trees!
Very clever using to block you to walk out since he's so tall.
LOL....
kind of true but kind of scary!
Me: Hi!
Niall: Who are u?
Me: I brought food..
Niall: STAY THEN!
Harry: But u don't know her!
Me: I brought my mom too Harry: STAY!
it's MTV!
Final chance for free tickets: upload a video of your best magic trick.
We'll vote for a winner!
Life is AWESOME when your building your doctoram AND helping people!
I'm glad you feel much better now dear:.
heck yeah!
And here I thought I was about to enter the promised land.
it's clamsonthehalfshellday !!!
remember this food tip: all shellfish should be alive when eaten!
If theyre closed don't eat!!!
i think i over did it on the sugar/creamer...it's water the rest of the way for me.
I will!
You too!
I think we just have to start wearing a sign saying don't shoot me bro
Adding to the feeling that the Kings will move is the fact Arco Arena looks like a foreclosed house right now.
Don't do it MALOOFS!
Download a bunch of sponsored apps haha,
It is a simple concept: if your muscles aren't failing, it is endurance.
My little sister Katharine just got engaged to Jonathan at the Taj Mahal.
I love you both.
Many Blessings.
ONELINER: I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
happy mothers day to you too!
Good Morning!
Brrrr....
Baby it's COLD outside!!!
It's a great day to get a lot of work done inside.
Catchup on computer work and reading!
Just watched  on CN2.
That guy is going to be a superstar.
Lemmen's sister was a bachelorette  unusual in 1800s  conveys a determined spirit, captainred in this painting
We've been doing good thanks to Chicago artists, Corporate Companies, and our friends  family for backing us up with support.
central they got this snaker spot/ clothing store
Weather looks good for our FREE show Tues  Center Plaza beginning  5:30.
Theme is 'Scaling the Mountain'.
Did we mention FREE BEER?
Prepping for Fall events and recruiting  and spending extra 
KELIS!
Miss u love its Alon im on the west coast now we must reconnect!
Stay Light muah!!!
by the way did Crystal think when you told here?
You know those times where you cry about someone you love and miss?
Awesome Lunch Today!
Almost Happy Hour Time and Still time to get Our Awesome Tuesdays Tacos, Nacho and Chatitos!!
Karaoke After!!
i wuuvvsss u too boo boo :..
ah mi corazon!!!
Are we going to see another 4 TDs in the second half of the 4th quarter like the saintsniners game?
love the pic!!!
2 of our books are photos  personal narratives from women and kids in prison.
Great to see others using the medium this way!
Playing tonight at Cactus Club in Milwaukee!
Come on out!
We'll have CDs for sale.
Once a guy cheats on you please don't go back.
easily my favorite scene from Portlandia!
I'm not wearing a suit to el12ala or
do you see olivias mom camel toe?
cause I do
really?
I did what I thought everyone is doing: have one weird chapter near the end that addoctorsses my digital project.
Providing quality diagnostic services that are attainable  affordable
Everyone needs a hobby.
Agreed.
If they were their own little submarines or even included rockets it would make sense.
I thought it looked good, and if you miss it, I say bring it back.
But ultimately, do what is going to make you happiest!
RT  Waiting for Patriots' first kickoff  Go New England Patriots!
Smash the season!
Tonight on , Dickens' The Mystery of Edwin doctorod, starring Matthew Rhys and Julia MacKenzie.
At 8pm on MPTV 10.
Monkees marathon  The Godfather Saga are giving my remote control a workout tonight.
Nd Im Like :O
didn't those google AR glasses give you flashback?
;
Congratulations to our April 2012 contest winner, Lalistade Aura!
Please send an email with your mailing addoctorss
Pacers have no chance of beating the heat..
If they do I'll be surprised
selling 2 Blink182 tickets for Aug 23rd at the Marcus Ampitheater in Milwaukee  Section 3 row T 178 for both  send me a message.
youre the attendance taker at church
Live: Blackburn vs
ahaha RT After that Torrey Smith touchdown, Tom Brady had a more disgusted look on his face than the time he broke a nail.
Think you're next up?
Submit your music video and short bio to
Happy 64th Birthday to Israel.!!
9 am run 
The Notebook is on tv : gotta love Ryan Gosling 3
gotta keep my baby safe!
Hey, thnx for the response!
I'm in Chrome.
Have reinstalled a couple times.
Always tells me can't tell if I have...
I hope that gets lehigh a recruit or two.
Or maybe at least a visit.
I really like that you have your magazine on the iPad.
As a print subscriber, I now read it on the iPad.
GREAT NEWS!!!
Our Official Bright City Lights tshirts come in this week!
We will start preorders soon!
no lie dandies are great
Night love ya333
Thank You!
We appreciate the change.
Dan Matisa's dare is: Present mediocre is better than future exceptional.
dareproject 19 is 1/25!
How am I not at this conference?
: aam2012 So excited to have over 4,000 attendees
Lunch with TED is today at noon!
Come rediscover the world with us
how excited r u to watch ABDC tonight??
I know we r all about to explode!!!!
Yeah, ok...
Sounds great!
:
What is your RESPONSE to the dealings of God?
R u angry and bitter, filled with resentment and rage?
Or r u thankful and broken?
I get to sit on stage!
Lets hope i don't trip an actor...
What when would be he best time for a giveaway?
usually run around without them?
Have a Wicked Day!
Too Busy For Exercise?
ohh well I think the both have up's  down's they are a cute tv couple to me
Shame on you if your lace front looks like a hat
Getting buttdialed by your ex is always weird!
Not even funny....
RT: It's the end of the world as we know it....
Louis Vuitton Condoms is trending on Twitter.
Mother free rooftop Mother's Day Brunch!
grits and mimosas, welcome to America..
well i got to get some rest i have a hundoctord things to do tomorrow
To cure the world RT : What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Design run?
Design run
I am requesting that song for the Big Icons Show, hope you can oblige.
Love
if you wanna check out a really cool Augmented Reality app for iPhone look up Dimensions on the App Store.
At least we had a small convo .
It sure does!
I have 3 F's.
One in my 7th period.
I didn't even want a stupid 7th period.
Roar!
Correction: My phone had turned itself off and wouldn't restart.
Thank heavens for Google.
Sushi  champagne : ..hair  makeup
Love!
RT : Be willing to be misunderstood for long periods of time.
Persevere, and you will win
Wolves game tonight.
Tupac at coachella.
I'm amazed just from watching the videos.
The crowd literally saw a ghost
WeWereCoolUntil I felt like you were bringing me down in life....
geez, calm down..
dan.
:P
That moment when you wake up at 4am and wonder....What the fuk happened to my pillow?
Real Housewive Alex McCord will be at the opening of the new store Second Time Around on Aug.
26th from 6  8 p.m.
Young Black  Gucci
I love seeing all of the amazing quotes popping up on my Twitter feed from WPSP!
Anyone know if the talks will be available online later?
oomf is juicy
you know you want to RT me!
respect Papa Chop
May your love soar on the wings of a dove in flight.
Debbie Crabtree
Yay Emma!!!
RT : Congratulations Emma!!
teampablove at the finish line!
How big should a Will perform cunniligus for tips sign be for maximum ROI?
why is that
I had kidney stones, but cured them with watermelons :
Is ready for the UK game...
Time to break out if this slump and streak to the tourney.
the Light of God surrounds you
12 if he's lucky
My favorite words tonight?
Save by Fleury.
So pumped I don't have to go into work tomorrow.
Blake Lively is gorgeous
Whee!
It's Dave week!
Already?
good win Memphis , played good
I really want to go shopping /:
RE:UrQ: Do you interview them or is it videos they have produced that you feature?
Depends on msg/purposeVaries
i dont want to go to school!!
The Strangers by St.
Vincent is textbook passiveaggressive.
Playboys under your mattress, like I wouldn't notice...
IF I FOLLOWED U ITS BECAUSE U FOLLOWED ME..BE BLESSED IN ALL U DO TODAY FOLKS..THIS SUMMER IS GONNA BE SICK AND 2013 COMEDY WILL BE ON FIRE!
Saddened by death of U football player who was one of my students this semester: Gary Tinsley.
He was a hard worker.
you use twice as many calories brandishing celery than you get from eating it.
dude...That.
Is.
DEEP!
Had no idea 2 Broke Girls was...
so deep.
Son.
It is settled:  B28Write it is.
good thing I can run fast!
Thanks Rev!
Bored bored bored bored.
Need someone or something to entertain me
You already failed.
TT wouldn't solicit advice for the pick.
: Or whomever has the best pad level.
thanks fellas.
Rough weekend.
Ready to go today!
Have you ever had a problem with mold that has actually been so horrific that it has caused you to have to actually move out of your home?
At little branch in NYC kicking off three weeks of gettin busy in NY and italy!
If U want it that bad and you have the cash to burn More Power To You!
no my love !!
I don't want you to be unhappy !!!!
Did anything happen???
I'm worried about u!!
yeah, I can't sneak out then  have eye doctorappointment later.
RT We did quietly advertise tonight's pop up as all nude kegger...which may or may not be true.it's up to you guys..
Stupid fucking stoplights in Minneapolis!
There are dirty underwear on the curb outside my place.
That is all.
right?
Like PLEASE.
You messed with the wrong neighborhood, nigguh.
hahah you a professorssional?
this dude was screaming like his life was on the line I took to my blk roots and went to sleep ha
Born there but not raised.
I grew up near Green Bay.
Most of my family is in Milwauke though.
Bring it !
sweet pecs.
;
Ice on my windshield!!
Anybody else going to the kstate arkansas cottonbowl know which side of cowboystadium is the KSU supporter's side?
I will study and get ready and perhaps my chance will come.
Abraham Lincoln
aint like the youth going to see the avengers tonight.?
Stomach fail
I dont care bout y'all to even say anything to you
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and contentious stupidity  MLK
lol glad you love me then :
In the future, I will have to follow olfactory design guidelines...
if you wear those geeky glass and think u cool kill yo self
Yes sir!
hahaha no problem!
Thanks for the follow, Jason!
Four day weekend!
FOUR DAY WEEKEND!
Time to change your name to Treebeard.
Headed to the Senior Casino night with my better half and a number of outstanding soon to graduate Seniors.
Happy Birthday
Almost, digital states BiggerThanBasketball.
Big day for Sacramento  HereWeSayYes to new ESC Enjoy your coffee this morning!
Thanks for the FollowWe'll definitely stop by when we are in the neighborhood!
What do you mean?
Its not that I don't wanna, its that I have plans after school.
I can only hang out on the weekends now
Remember that your play 2nite against the !
Head out  support NM Hockey!
Got that classic vibe goin on.
J.D.
Power and Associates Reports: Satisfaction with Bank Facilities and Routine Interactions Offset Decreasing ...
Las Vegas is like one big Ed Hardy Tshirt come to life.
Sat Salad:Mixed Baby Greens in Lemon Basil Vinaigrette w/ Steamed Goat Cheese Dumplings, Toasted Pistachios  doctorzzles of Apricot Coulis
oh my gosh, you're absolutely gorgeous!
that includes Romo as well.
;D
this too.
RT : Sometimes I hate how I have a knack for repeating a song until it wears out.
just heard a lecture on grassroots community organizing/fundoctorising in archives that has completely shifted my perspective on the professorssion
thanks , for tweets and retweets; great new tours coming in September!
Gah, going to be about 1/2 hour late to the training this afternoon!
Usually I'm good abt avoiding doublebooking...
i meant to say your kid
I sent you a message over on your facebook an an email.
Tell me what you think.
Thank
Look on the Facebook page for links!!
Easiest way is to go to BabelFish which will translate text into Chinese!
right now I'm at cape may.
I was in somerset yesterday.
Wow...must admit, the sunrise here is gorgeous....
Fantastic talk about improving backend user experience in joomla from Randy Carey
early morning run
get rid of them.
If they see full shelves they think all is well.
No point keeping them if the kids don't check them out
I'm looking for somewhere to live next year...
So if you know of any good places, or anyone looking for a roommate please let me know!
have a amazing night: I'm still doctorkester !
Always!
Thx to help me and to be sweet!
:D
If youre ugly, and you believe in God, youre also stupid.
When the dentist asks you your plans for your next vacation and you cant talk
That is not unreasonable at all.
Be strong.
Lol.
Accident waiting to happen!
Music and paint!
not unless I'm pregnant too!
I've had similar sleep patterns lately.
Jermaine Jones knocked it out of the park on American Idol!
WOW
have to think the news of seau's passing is just the tip of the iceberg in this story with some of the revelations already coming out...
I'm countin' down my days : I CAN'T WAIT TO BOUNCE !
Tony, Pike, and Mitch rappin in photo
I want to wake up and play with me!
I'm bored with watching bad tv.
I have no idea derron Williams
just got home from my workout ,now about to get in the shower and put on some clothes.
are they treating you good?
why did you have to get sick
In the studio wit
Suddenly, running up the score isn't an issue for the Falcons anymore.
Can't believe this Marlins game right now!
i need to do 9 more math assignments.
Well SHOUT SHOUT haha
Stoked to a putting a wine dinner June 10th, 2012 with great local seafood paired with amazing biodynamic wines.
You are missing a taco shell made of Doritos.
Exquisite.
Fellas love an independent woman until she quit on us to find another independent woman
I think I was made to live in the south
Dis program is amazing wow I'm gonna sign up
haha, yep, that's me!
I did do all of the design  formulas and whatnot.
It started out as just a fun little project :
Reggae night is gonna blow it up 2night.
Already crowded!
i have to go to the mall to get my mommy a gift, want me to come with?,
Is it over yet?
socialmedia problems...
too many social media accounts...
aaaaaahhhhhhh
is there a ceremonial unleashing?
Or does an arborist just come and do the work, unnoticed?
We want you to win a new ComforPedic mattress and/or pillow for the best night's sleep.
Sweet doctorams can be found at www.tweetforsleep.com
When you know whats coming, it doesnt hit you as hard.
Thats why I can honestly say im fine :
RT :Confusing Sade the NigerianBritish singer with Sade the French writer and libertine is a classic rookie mistake.
Waking up to some pretty fascinating realities.
um duh haaaha
it's going ok.
i'm feeling better today, though still not 100.
doctorw ditched me to go golfing with your hubster.
AKA the one week long pregame party!
Damn Mick Hucknall Simply Red singing STAY WITH ME with the FACES on RR HOF show  Rocks
Looking forward to volunteering today
I will be there.
Hope to have a chance to touch base.
Without you, I'd lose my mindd.
3
Anfield reminds me of the time I pooped and no one clapped for me.
Its a beautiful day at the track's
RT : What do you have cooking this weekend?
Hopefully it's as beautiful as it is today!
THAT'S ALL YOU CAN DO iN LiFE...
InThisGeneration Kids have no work ethic and think they're going to be famous because of reality tv and youtube.
yeah I need to hunt down the video vault to find the other videos!
That must have been 5 years ago!
: Thanks for following...Put a shirt on.
LOL!
: we dnt wear shirts much in miami
name of?
When I played basketball, nothing got me fired up more than when I or a teammate doctorw a charge.
It's a lost art.
Working in the NBC Research Department in 1975 is my doctoram job.
I have class tonight.
loex2012 promoting more international teaching/study abroad sounds really good to me.
Embarrassing start for the Patriots.
Can't screw up substitutions in the
MyNextRelationship will be rich when it comes to affection..No break from loving her in every way.
that's for you punk
Vegas.
Where you hold hands and shake babies.
Hoodies,they aint scared of the look,they scared of WHO is wearing it.
wackness
Well, when you quote me, mention that she's called Laurel Lance in ARROW, not Dinah.
Off to the doctorfor a physical and a good ole 2 finger salute
Have a Wonderful Time.
I will be down Memorial Day weekend for a quick overnight trip.
when she gets home I will Gotti
Waiting on my ride to the airport.
Great conference.
I think it is my last!
Tweet me a number and i'll rate your Icon, Background, Name and Bio33
10 yrs ago, I was seeing E.T.
digitally remastered in theaters.
For some rsn 3/22/02's a date that will stick in my memory forever.
WhatGetsMeMad these new Nike NFL uniforms!
They look like XFL jerseys!
I fell so good, without you.
Hey leave a message in my Dad's online guest book.
It's ok u only met 1 time.
It would mean the world to me kiddo.
Luv 2 Love U
followup when its up!
Packed room in Heritage 1 for !
Can't get in?
Check out their private showcases later tonight!

Sometimes you have to go through Hell to get to Heaven.
thanks for joining me on twitter
Final everybody can stop pretending to know about college basketball.
Very powerful statement by a caller  If there was blood at the scene, I'm sure it was orange.
Just watched Joe Strummer's bio...would've been insane to catch those legendary times!
yea I was standing on some rocks, that was at hacklebarney park
for NYE is Irish NY at 6pm with live Irish music.
Then rockin NY with live music at 10:30pm.
Free party favorites and champaign
follow back!
now !
lol .
Goodnight to everbody on twitter peace out
best bet is to find a peña and see if they have tickets.
When an owl comes to your house at that's a bad sign to us natives.
It means that something bad is coming.
ALOT of haters out there.
Im always available for you :
Caleb, truly appreciate the RT's.
Thnx a ton!
So you frequent the nut butter sales?
...that's from Finding Nemo
SALUTE MY NIGGA REAL TALK!
In cases of derangement, the patient had better be put into a straight jacket, or he may do great damage to the machine.
Thx for all mentions  retweets!
Cheers to healthy vision!
Hey tweeterville follow our new band this is the new project for dynamitewalls.
We look forward to sharing the new tunes w/ u
so u seem plastic then.
thanks for nice rate.
I'm going 4 Miami for this once cause if they beat the Thunder, the Spurs come within a game behind them :
yes babe
Q1a: I think it'll be hard to beat Google's UI features.
And it seems like some people just want to get away from FB
stuck in a conference any chance you have any copies of The Knack's RSD release?
Thinking of slipping away to grab one.
Bulls Out 
smells like someone cooked a lot of bacon smoked a ton of weed in my room
a girl asked Cameron about it in Orlando and they both said it was and that Zach really liked it!
as long as you don't go with tweedle de and tweedle dumb
Jah Cure featured artist mix tonight on Reggae vault classics
I really like the Arduino and the possibilities.
If I only had more time in the day to explore and
yea I see you...
Don't walk by my car i snatch u up Lmfao
likewise!
Looking forward to your presentation today!
:
Home safe and sound.
Clearly I can hold my own in the ghetto.
that's even worse!
Losing the forest for the trees.
Out to dinner with the inlaws.
Just checked the Blackhawks  Kings game....is that score for real or did I have one too many cocktails?
Beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer.
who ever under this tweet ugly as shyt lol.
Awesome talent at performed at Gulsen Kan Boutique for the Music for Love Event.
cole you have a beautiful voice!
good luck!
Let us know if you need moral support!
;
Hydoctor Pro 1000 is thrilled it's becoming socialized!
Thanks for the follows.
Knowing that adult swim is doing this toonami throwback thing only for April fools is actually depressing me, like I'm pretty damn sad :
Watching Godzilla with the fam.
My how CG has come a long way...
LoL
Absence makes the heart grow freakishly fonder
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Something is rattling in the cube next to me?
Um.
Not a person....live animal?
The skinny on student loans More students are relying on loans to help finance their bachelor's degree, and the amount they're borrowing
deep throating bunnies
omg wee shouldd go together
That right there would be what you get when you play Mat Gamel as a 3B.
shump your gonna have a great nba career best knicks rookie in a minute
Thanks for following me  following you back!
don't nobody want to hang with you.
Tip of the day: if you want pizza but all you can find is pizza rolls then alls you got to do is unroll them.
Morning from Chicago!
same here!
iiight thanks bro
Random Fact Of The Day: would be one cool dude to party with
Research paper?!!!
Haven't even started...
Speaking of which, I need to get back on GOW2 soon.
yeah the grand opening was yesterdaay
So another great singer killed the national anthem on tv ..
What an American idle.
RT : You know what's awesome?
Spreadsheets and graphs!
mix1 all natural nutrition shakes!
RT : What is your alltimefave, can'tlivewithout, goto, natural brand or product?
The luck of the ghetto
she's doing great!
think Rizzo will have his struggles, LaHaor will cool off, but Cubs have never had 2 lefty power bats in the same lineup.
I think everybody would be angels for pujols bread!
Joy is a return to the deep harmony of body, mind, and spirit that was yours at birth and that can be yours again.
That openness to love.
Thank you just got a commercial audition for Monday too for Green Burrito!!
Thank you Jesus!!
LOL
UPDATE: Crash on Jackson School Rd is at Scotch Church Rd S.
of the Sunset Hwy.
Watch the premier of Changing the Game with us at 7pm tonight at in NYC.
Former NFL defensive back Wade Davis will be there!
Actually, Scott said he was going to pop Dan and called him a douche for calling himself a scientist.

is Rickey Henderson a shooin for leadoff hitter?
Would he DH?
Can't possibly be a top three OF, ironically.
.
.
The twinkie defense is sometimes used when someone eats too much sugar, goes into a rage, and kills someone.
yay jessica is in the final!!
All you do is down me girl .
If you need a little help on this, let me know.
I recently worked on a UX/UI project and connected with some good people
oh i am just so damn hilarious
first is princeton then ray ray then roc royal then prodigy :
Today's BTU inspiration: Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.
Gerald Jampolsky
MovieFactOfTheDay 60,000 of Kill Bill Vol.
1's budget was for Samurai Swords.
Nice weekend for family to be in town with goal  assist.
Great series!
For example, Obama doesn't support same sex marriage, Rick Santorum is against same sex marriage.
Gary Neal Grill time
but you guys were asleep doesnt count haa
Anyone know of a 3rdparty 'media asset hosting platform'?
Something for managing video, images,  PDFs?
aw thanks!
i hope he does to.
everyone just has to tweet the link to him a lot
nice.
I've been at a discipleship training for 3 months.
Got 3 more.
Home for weekend tho.
U all good?
Oops mistype.
35 yrs is too much to tweet!
thank you stupid
This was in question??
: BREAKING: GameofThrones has been renewed for a third season.
RT and spread the word
We're trying!
RT : Talked web dev with today.
Glad to see they've tackled mobile sites with vigor.
No zoom required.
Changing up my website need suggestions on website hosts that are easytobuild  blogs
We managed to make several shades of face paint run down the cheeks of audience members last night.
Thank you for dying a little with us.
Kicking off our ticket giveaways today!
First reply wins 2 club tickets for tomorrow's game vs.
Minnesota
Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes; lesser ones exist on wishes and inclinations.
Kenneth Hildebrand
hey!
R u having deleting problems!!!!!!!!
Getting started !
liw love this place!
thoughts on my first few days; hour lunches and smooth jazz in the bathrooms are excellent.
he is aw and same omg the performance was perfect
doin well, how you been
According to I used to be morbidly obese
Darn the kegorator is empty, I have to have bottled beer
Thanks Lauren!
We're getting a ton of hits today from the Bahamas FB page linking to the story.
I think Hans Ulrich Obrist must be a robot sent back from the future.
Scroggy was projected a lottery pick in this upcoming police academy.
With one more year of school he believes he can go top 5z
Interesting.
I think getting the community at Student events would be alright too if they're ok with it.
I'm nervous about k state
Wi 1 of only 2 states who lost jobs in March.
Gov spends time yesterday talking about 35 new jobs in Wi.
WHAT?
He doesn't get it.
I'll join you.
Ha!
I hate it when decades are wrong, particularly 80's instead of '80s.
Those were my formative years damn it!
I think I wanna put a ring on it.
I think I wanna tatt ha name on me.
A lot of Pittsburgh Pirates fans tonight
Don't forget this Saturday Youth Christmas party!
Bring yo friends!
Annex 1pm 5 dollars!
will be there.
Will you?
Looking to hire a Project Manager with SDLC experience for a long term contract in Downtown MPLS.
Let me know if you or someone in your ne
someone already did the study.
About 16 minutes.
will do as soon as I go grab an ILL book from the library.
Congrats!!!!
More ZOMM news at CES at ABC and MSNBC.
GOOD MORNING WORLD!
We're working out some shows, finalizing on some things, making some new graphics, etc.
It's pretty sweet.
YEA!!!!!!!
I heard you finished the mini!!
What was your time??
How do you feel?
Why'd you do such a crazy thing?
:
Let's blow this wide open!!!!
Just got sassed by the bus doctorver on my way home.
Way to live up to the asshole reputation, new york!
Taught a wonderful group of young actors last nite...2nd in a 6 week program: www.bridgestudioforperformingarts.com.
Damn he look like waka flaka
howdy there!
whatever helps you sleep at night!
Have a Happy New Year lil sister I always wanted!!!
Enjoy spread my love to the girls
Hmm...RT : Sources tell Big East will add Boise, San Diego St, Houston, UCF, SMU Wednesday.
Will join league in 2013
i have sommee issues
Madison Bumgarner sounds like someone who teaches Literature Of The Middle Ages at Mount Holyoke.
But he sure schooled Rangers tonight.
Thanks for the follow!
I used to work as a makeup artist; Temptu is a fantastic system
You won't have anything to say unless you've heard it first.
We have nothing of our own, but everything is found in Him.

Got that right, Thank you!
ehm in my school we CAN'T use the phone but..
:D
Mixtape is out now!!!mixed by d.j.primo with special feture from brisco,red eyes,c.ride,suave smooth.....get at me for your copy
give mama Schaeff my mucho amore today but tell her to try and keep the boys separated
Where is everyone tailgating today ?
i know!
I had a mini heart attack until she said it was a mistake
Just gotta get through this double today then I'm off al day tomorrow.
thanks for the link!
thanks for the recs!
Yes, I remember bits  pieces.Found a site that has 5 seasons, I have a long way to go lol.
He is so short though!
hahaha
Lab orientation at UCLA.
Yup!
I'll be there bigtime once I survive the July 30 ride.
236 miles fixie...
But...Mary added the nude Amish lady just for fun.
:
lol ashley is scared!!
Gee, thanks Colleen!
It's mutual.
thank you SO much for your help; I can't wait to meet, amd I will of course bring candy :
I wish the mail man sold stamps so I wouldnt have to go all the way to the post office.
thanks Mendy!
I really look forward to working with you.
:
Looking forward to cultivating the Wharton startup community
If John Skelton ever starts a game the way he rallies in the 4th; He will be dynamite
Proud my MN Twins are sticking with the team this season!
6 games back with 54 games left...
Anything can happen with this team!
Yes they would.
Scrappy high energy team and program!
GO BSU!
Up 1912 against SDSU in our first game of the Mountain West Tournament.
that shit was to funny!
more than me?
Pretty positive she reared her ugly head just in time for the playoffs.
Zip your pants up bud...
I've been called a thug more in the last 16 months than my entire life before that..
It's tea party code, you see
Hi Liam.
Would you mind sharing your experience with me?
You can DM if you'd like or email
I knew mister.
Obama before she was First Lady and she did indeed shop at
true true!!
KK Ryder  THE EZY RYDERS are gettin' set to rock Roger Fisher's Birthday Party, come one come all if you are in the Seattle area!
It's kinda funny how easily we can expose them though.
He's fucking lucky I love him.
I know .
It even says on the about me .
I'm with RDA FTW!
Recession Friend loses job, Depression You lose job, Recovery Obama loses job!
looking for books on pubic health and education in 1800's
A big middle finger to the people who decided that the field was still in good enough shape to play in the rain.
I hate .
Sorry for the brief hacking of my twitter.
My ex best friend is a real bitch
totally agree!
And he's sexy!
got it dude!
good luck
Congratulations on the new account!
Safe travels!
was fucking gorgeous and wasted tonight.
Love.
I have to get it out of my other phone, but I'll text you with my new number today 3
im a Textaholic!
I'm doing that thing where I sit around to put off getting ready for as long as possible.
happy Monday!
oh sowy i thought it was a mean person.
just trying to help.
like to help people.
SOWY!!!
I'm all late replying back lol my bad
There is nothing in Indiana
Pesky seasonal cold?
doctornk black tea with lemon to clear up some nasal congestion.
Laroy sounded so good!
whats not 3 seconds later?
That i don't delete it?
Oh well.
My bf knows i do it.
Meet you in the lobby soon!
RT : Any groups planning to meet in Mason Inn lobby to head over?
Thanks and wish us luck!
We need all the votes we can get to bring our ASD kids and families a win!!
Rep.
Sanchez at the Jackson Square groundbreaking: Thanks to Mayor Menino who said don't leave the room until we have a project.
Seriously want summer to be here now!!
like for students to create their own digital museum installation.
I don't need my oil changed babe.
The grass is never as green as you may think it is on the other side fyi.
artpolitics what keeps people attached to unachievable fantasies of the good life is a central question for Berlant's work.
Convo w my 10 yr old has me looking up birthdeath years for Auguste Rodin.
This beats Sponge Bob reruns.
would love to join the team.Too bad you have no need for Corporate Finance coffeelover types right now
The Death Penalty: Killing people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
That may not be a good idea esp in the middle of the night if we let a frustrated expletive slip in with a lullaby...
:
Left more chronic, right more acute.
The tears were 5 years apart you should pretty much believe me by now so I'm not okay with you!
If you were a Disney Movie what would you be called?
Make up your own names, go!
:
Relationships Last Because Two People Make A Choice : To Either Keep It And Fight For It To Last Or Let It Die
StarDunk  latest iPhone game obsession.
...
Probably the next episode, iCan't Take It, or the episode after that, iLove You.
Got my Thai food delivered now to finish my story...
Welcome to twitter!
Thanks, Mace!
Looking very forward to meeting you, , and all the other cyc4lib librarians!
:
15 days till my Birthday!!!!
Just can't win on packers family night.
Just cancel it all together.
Can watch the same thing for free on Nitchke Field.
LMAOOOO: Martin somewhere trying to download a reasonable explanation lol
Patriots and Giants to be in superbowl46.
Tough breaks for the Ravens and Niners today.
Close games.
Happy birthday to our own Ringo Larz!
God damn I'm so irritable.
Loud noises, everything is pissing me off!
691 is my number on my Shirt
OMG  you're STILL sick?
Both Patrick and I are.
He got it from me right away.
we do pretty well for ourselves, thank you very much.
We'll start posting our walking days soon.
Look forward to seeing you on the trail!
Turning New Balances into old unstables.
It's great to see the next generation embracing America's music : Practicing Sir Duke until I can't feel my face?
productiveevening
why was he by himself?
good job caps!
let's do it again on saturday!
Dont forget the last day for NonGoucher advising is tomorrow!
I hate going to phone stores.
All the employees are on their phones and they don't pay attention to me
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 21
way to go!
So I have decided to look for help to pay the university to make my job search seriously better.
And so I can complete my degrees.
I second that motion.
PLEASE do not repeal Hayden's Law.
We voted for you trusting you'd make the best decisions.
Don't make the animals suffer.
well thanks
it might be but the name Triceratops is here to stay
I knew you hated me .
back to this grind!
working on some great new opportunities!
email me for details...
holly...
i am this close to coming into your room and pouring hot chocolate over your head..............
Thanks for the pointers!
I'll make a formal comparison with those libs and get back to you.
Pounce Bobblehead Night This Saturday!
Add Pounce Panther on Facebook for details.
If it ain't one thing it's another smh
these guys should be on ur radar an producer.
They wanted in LA,Atl an NYC.
i was bored last night so i went to sleep at 7:30.
lol
You Fake
The fact that people still shave when waxing is easy, affordable and painless!
i work tomorrow!
That's true This city sure does make it easy to show off.
stop now im sad..
Im coming back to ct in a month to move into my house!
come over anytime kitten3
Using a translator for my spanish homework
Diary of a M.A.D.
Caregiver has had its first public workshop performance!
Ready to dive into the next phase.
Tighten, revise....
Here at the awards.
First award  New Student Organization goes to: SU Dark Knight.
Where all all my twitters at?
im not to.far ill be thru.shortly
great blog post!
Thanks!
Just wanted 2 say thanx 2 every1 following me here  thanx 4 the support  patience w/my writers block U guys are the best!
Should be a good night tonight.
I wear this crown of thorns upon my wire chair
randomthought the pack got some great scouts
for the record, she a look a like.
Look 95 like Eva so we call her the little sister
getting followed by mindless behavior i could only IMAGINE ppl are so lucky :
Oh....school clothes, not play clothes
Be very careful who you let in your camp.
some don't deserve a membership stamp!
Need a job!
What's Going On people take a few mins out of your day and smile....
Listen to www.whoistrillogy.com
Who wants a free shirt?
I know Kelly Godart does.
Kelly make it back to our booth  Chili in the works for your free shirt!
Calling it a night good tweeps!
Sweet doctorams!
The pleasure was mine.
It was an awesome article...
thanks for sharing your expertise!
HOW YOU DOIN GIRL IMA HIT U WIT DIS HAMMER ALL YOU GOTTA DO IS TAKE OFF YOUR JAMMERS
nice to see some familiar faces.
Im just excited that Rob would give the shout out I made for mister Bennett!
:D
At virgina and bout to go home
Exhausted.
Spring break is too far away.
is implementing hCard microformats on some faculty bio pages.
Keep on rocking!
The top bodybuilders always judge you when you miss a day in the gym
all I want is what's coming to me!
All I want is my fair share!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
8
You know you're back in LA when the population triples and the size of the freeways decrease at the same ratio.
Downloading Infinity Blade for iOS  massive file.
First release with the unreal engine.
I think the paparazzi took that when he was swimming to England haha
Gmail's Funny Quote of the Day: On one issue at least, men and women agree; they both distrust women.
Not funny, not true, ugh inducing
dear hair grow to my bellybutton faster!
Thunderstorms in January.
Kim ass is nice in this show
So glad I took off tomorrow..cannot wait to sleep in a non seated position.
Rampage get a turnover on their goal, attempting to get a break back before half.
1:43 left 2nd qtr.
Omg I love , she's just amazing BFFS lmao shaving buddies forever
Go Celtics!
Hope is feeling better and is rooting for the C's over the Lakers today!!
ive been hearing that the bad call scott foster made in the blazer OKC game might be overturned and blazers get the W.
Heading out to Springtown to see my mom for Mother's Day in 30 minutes or so...
that means we should there around noon.
What a difference a day makes, what about all the effort that a day takes?
The whining unrolled of ones uncertainty, that undying feeling..
It sure was : but I'll text you!
no we love you 3
Off to the NYC School Librarians Conf Day  Bklyn Tech HS.
Stop by the NYLA booth  tell me your favorite book for
RT : Using my laptop in bed sounds a lot dirtier than it actually is.
Everyone at Penn Station right now is either hammered or trying to hook up with someone who is.
I just put the moves on a jamba juice.
Just took some sleeping pills.
Let's see if they work.
In my humble opinion the answer is no.
That is primary reason Jesus died for us.
Hurry up and get your punk ass ready.
:P
I can't bare to stay on here for updates because it's making me jealous.
Upgraded the memory on my Andoctorid.
MicroSD is so cheap!
Scary to think that it has more storage and power than my first desktop computers.
We're currently working on the posters for the Zoo Society's annual gala Zoobilee.
The design and theme looks so much fun.
Can't wait!
Lol what just happened?
It's a good feeling waking knowing ain't no fear in your heart
Still waiting to hear on Danny Duffy  he will need Tommy John, I bet.....
In the process of completing my FINAL college paper!
4 pages down.
4 more to go.
Woohoo!
The best ice is 
4 more mondays left..
lets get it done!
haters gonna hate!
you're flawless!
What she said!
RT : I missed FF will happily state I have the BEST friends  family ALL of u enrich my life!
A newborn and a dog I presume both were out of the adult human's sight?
I swear some parents need a license to reproduce.
worldnews That time of the year again....
Whenever a post on Facebook tells me to not keep scrolling, I always speed up my scrolling
just watched ghost adventures man crazy I couldn't of done that mad props!!!!
Eli get yah team together smh
Sometimes I wonder what my life would be like if I had a mom growing up !
Would I be the same person?
That Last song hurt cause ...
The reality is far from the Image that Ya'll Know ...
Did I hear flash mob?
I'm in!
A mad dash trying to wrap up production on The Goldfish and get ready to leave for Sundance tomorrow.
SAGpaperworkwarmsocks
Wow!
Haven't felt a quake that strong since being a kid in Cali!
Definitely shook the buildings in KendallSquare.
Lol where atRT : I plan on seeing you for birthday bash May 27th, its going down.
Make sure you invite the crew :
O.o
YoMommaSoFat she fell in love and broke it.
Why do I feel my stomach burning inside?
Ugh
Watching Sponge Bob ;D
What's your definition?
Super Bowl or bust?
So Marino is Colt McCoy too?
Interesting.
i am listening to buju's Til Shiloh album and monster energy doctornk and wkring how about u?
I love these boots.
So cool!!!
It's awful.
I don't function right at 8:15.
It wouldn't be as bad if my history professorssor wasn't boring as hell!
Thanks for the RT luv!
Fellow PacNorthwest resident?
Personally, I can't live without Kenra's blow doctor spray.
It smells amazing, leaves my hair smooth and shiny, and cuts doctoring time in half!
RT : Selfimprovement is not selfish.
When u improve yourself, u improve the relationships, teams  organizations in your life.
Damn its slick cold today
I found you through snoopery!
Somewhere between heaven and hell
i aint doing shit, but chilling on here haha
The Afghan Whigs Gentlemen
see as long as u believe it ur good:
Glad you dig it!
RT Destruction Of A Rose's new EP...
OH MY GOD
Follow for girl quotes.
; i 3 his tweets
Oh P.S.
just thought you should know that the German word for nipple is brustwarze which literally means breast wart.
im fine :D
have you heard of  Austin Mahone  ?
I miss the Create Lists function of Millennium so much.
Awesome John, sometimes the right system can make all the difference.
Have a phenomenal day!
Is this good, bad, or just news?
i am tuh im lovinq mah bed rite ah bout now lbvfs
I'm putting each broke end into a larger tube and clampingtaping the larger tube ends to hold it together
MT : Tiebreaker, 2pm tomorrow: CAN v USA.
wwcc2012// keep it strong USA!
I'm trying to make arrangements as we speak!!
Hopefully I'll be seeing your face!
i kinda want wings right now
thanks for the mention in your writeup!
What a fantastic compliment!
RT : Balihoo Presents Webinar Series: Taking National Brands to Local Markets: Local marketing is quickly becoming a...
The birds twitter now anew but a design/surmounts their twittering/It is a design of man/that makes them twitter It is a design W C Williams
Do u see this?
if so..your and amazing singer with amazing talent your going to go far.: if not...i just let other ppl know:
We're way more fun than ballet.
:
I'm 2 bored I should be doing somthing productive right meow.
Welcome to twitter!
was holding it down for you guys.
juggling eggs
Btwyou're very welcome!
I have a lot more to share based on realizations borne from waking up to my life again :
dudes got shit fucked up...its ard 4 you to fuck however many girls you want but if a bitch do it she a hoe, bitch you a hoe too
ready to make a move woo woo
obv there bro n sis u had to c my dad in the car he was like belly dancin goin boom boom boom I was lke those arnt even the words
So done playing with these boys, where are the real Men at!?!
Working on a proposal for another city in Cobb County Georgia!
I love that.
:
Lotties Lounge will be open the night if Christmas eve.
Limited food menu...limitless doctornk menu.
I thought that you were better.
So according to , if you support Gay marriage, you ARE gay?
Oh.
Okay.
y'all.
I don't understand the spotify interface.
But it's significantly more interesting to listen to than
its to expensive:
reasonswhyiwatchhockeyalone I yell at my tv like a mad person like the players can hear me.
fuzzy socks :D
hahaha i love the keys :
I had a good day.
I had a half day for rest of week and then spring break.
BOOYAH
Don't know.
I'm not there yet lol I just made the realization.
Follow me if you want to enjoy the Coolest Quotes on the web and want to keep Smiling Everyday!
CLASS  Come Late And Start Socializing
Thank you....
Can anyone explain why we have to have these tedious we love movies montages?
Can't we save that time for when Meryl Streep wins?
Great game with my seniors tonight they put it on the old men but not by much!!
Thanks guys!!
Ok you, get out there and vote in the primary!
Just replaced lost copy of Adam Levy's album, buttermilk channel.
335 goodness.
Check it out, yer ear buds will thank you.
What do you get when you cross a bell with a bee?
A humdinger.
Why should POTUS give these hatemongers the time of day?
The funny thing is most people can take bad advice.
Not many can put good advice into action.
Religiousthemed party supplies  more just seems a little over the top for a promotional email subject line.
well damn do you still doctornk?
Following now....the man does great work!
Its time!
We are holding another one of our nationally recognizedaccredited certification workshops.
Sat Jan 14th in Pittsburgh, PA
Faggoat...
wait, is that a gay goat?
If it's Hebrew characters, don't bother checking for the name of God just toss it in the sacred trash.
Lots of diverse material.
a nigga is everywhere right now so my timing is super off.
i'll hit you back up when i get back in carrollton
The Destination Disney Channel !
Chillin with  at my house : I feel like complete shit though .
stillhavingfunthough d;
Fuck this sub.
Throwback yearbook :
ItsAboutTimeThat cablevision gets the NFL network, Verizon looks better  better each day
I still wanna see that Boom...roasted episode
my nail tech said that's actually good.
shaving opens your pores and makes you more prone to infection from the water.
You're very welcome, glad I could help.
Lovebri
By recording your doctorams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be.
Mark Victor Hansen
What a game!!!
NowPlaying overboard  i can't swim on my own.
333
Peace fam have a productive and peaceful day.
doctorpped my pen under the long sink in the restroom.
I immediately wanted to hide from the cave troll.
Thanks a bunch Jen!
She donated 50!!!
She's a big ole' POWER PAL!
Lets go fly a kite, up to the highest height!
Lets go fly a kite and send it soaring!
Something to think about: Do twins have the same erect penis length?
your 30 years of support lets me do it!
ty
RT : M: The bostonmarathon has crossed the half in 1:06:11 with Dickson Chumba in front of the pack.
change that to Ladder Matches on Netflix and you got a deal.
Yay!!!!
Momma I miss you more, ruff, ruff!!

soccer hopefully helping Malia Crush Cancer.
From what her gmother tells me, this is 1 strong little girl!
Common weather...cooperate!
Bought my way to an A in geometry today.
Extra credit makes a huge difference :
Think Like a Big Man
teachers who take forever to grade papers holy fuck that makes me madder then life
why yes i did know that i'm the only girl around putting warrant and ray lamontagne on the same mix tape.
Stopkony!
April 20th, 2012!
We CAN make a difference.
Another guest post from Jenna sue: First dance of the happy couple  flawless.
Yah, lemme clear your throat shouldn't be played at the bar.
Ever.
Looking at you
I just wanna talk to this certain person .
Since you're too busy to visit..I'll just skip Long Island next time I'm in NY
Thanks for the follow.
Let me know if there is anything I can do for you or for your clients.
Be sure to check me out!
I love you
Pens have nobody to blame but themselves.
The worst part of their game tonight has been their power play.
They've squandered their PP's.
Grateful to be speaking in Richmond tomorrow to the amazing River City Express Network of the American Business Women's Assn.
You rock!
but you'll never get one.
Thunder news release: James Harden is daytoday.
Still must take additional steps per leaguemandated concussion policy before returning.
Hope you will tweet about some of the stuff you're reading and writing about!
Would love to hear.
I'm not sayin any names but he is so cute!!:
saysomethingniceaboutobama does a great job at making bad decisions
I never see my best friend anymore :/
Lebron showing out.
Where your pleasure is, there is your treasure.
Where your treasure is, there is your heart.
Where your heart is, there is your happiness
actually, they can, but not via the vending machine.
For prom queen :D
the part that's upsetting to me is that these ideas come from people and orgs that indulge in fearmongering.
waking up to bad news, losing a close family friend, yikes /3
I have no rights what so ever!
Hope add me on fb c: I would die a million deaths and come bak to life and it would be amazing!
About to ride to the beach?????
Not sure???
Custard's last stand  Anchorage Press
IfIWasPresident i would legalize weed
Dear , when sending out welcome emails, please don't CC everyone in your CRM.
Thanks, Jonathan
This Is Tureee
That awkward moment when you lose both parents at a store.
I thought insanity was a good thing in sports.
i was looking forward to breathing the same air as her once again.
yeah i know it is really stupid and no he didn't say why
the awkward moment when you remember something but you don't know if it was real or just a doctoram.
Live is dope too
1: Low price Mega Bloks Probuilder Steam Express Building Set ...
SomeWomenCantStand some things for good reason!
What did she get?
Peeps at SXSWgo visit Kambri at the book signing of BurnDownTheGround at the convention center.
This book is fabulous!!
lol....nice...and witty too.
Come see us tomorrow morning at the Carmel Farmers Market AND come to the store to see our family friendly Improv show at 4:00!
that is humbling.
Hope you are well.
WeWontWorkoutIf You Haven't Text Mee Or Call Mee !!!!!!!!!!!
No so bad so far, Emily.
Winds have been friendly.
Forecast looks like SW winds later, though, so may have to shut windows :
i bet it will look fabulous furisdead
Life goes on within you and without you.
lead me to the cross :
Omw: so sad...
Listening to BOYFRIEND wish i had some1 to sing me that:
Thank you so much!
I'm still blushing :
either your knowledge of youth lingo is impressive, or your acct has been hacked.
or maybe both.
I forgot to vote today.
Thanks for reminding me!
kuk sool won, the official martial art of korea
thats my thing.
I saw one today and it wasnt bad.
But the more i think about the entrance, the more i worry.
Ugh.
my best clients are creative edgy and stay educated get at me we sound like a match peace out
yo momma's breath so bad she needs to get slapped by a peppermint pimp
Great brainstorm today!
We're planning a series of satirical short films to highlight the absurdity of Republican
I agree, I see iPhone/Pad as performance support tools.
U may like Doc 's tweets on teaching use to physicians
The Bucs have the most improved offense in the NFC South.
VJax and Muscle Hamster Doug Martin will take that O to the next level
moving to the gateway, guys.
Next to five guys Aug 1.
:
Love you baby girl!!!
Muah 3
I wonder if the MSM will report on Flipper's indecision and flip flopping when it comes to immigration?
I doubt it.
Two girls next to me just started making out hardcore waiting for to start.
Robert Guerrero vs Michael Katsidis ODDS!
www.boxingbettingnews.com
no problem dude bro
Adopt a Pet in a Subaru Vehicle at Bill Jacobs Subaru  Sacramento Bee
You could ask with a very unkind demeanor and I still just might write one.
:
30K reward now offered in missing Maine toddler case.
Police say Ayla Reynolds did NOT leave dad's home on her own.
Details on at 9pm
Fancy bibimbap: Reminds me of a restaurant in ann arbor RT : Recipes for Health:://nyti.ms/zAe90i
You know it's a slow news day when I have to watch princess Kate play field hockey more than once.
I love it!
Once had an employee tell me they put the cologne in the mop water, that's why it stinks.
Genius right?
Can't believe I'm at a high school friend's wedding!
Makes me feel rushed!
Ah
Thanks for sharing this  I hadn't seen it!
HE CUMIN TO GREENSBORO
Happy Birthday Lashionista : hope ur day is wonderful
well bout to find something to do....
TaN: Recycling online is a digital low form; Me: not necessarily, seems to me more like a samizdat aesthetic  detourned agitprop
we were just in Walmart and I was so tempted to look for twinkies!
Wondering about flavors ;
My son has a CHD also.
He's 4.
Thanks to both of you for hyping my look, and encouraging others to do so!
:
How was your St.
Patty's Day celebration...anything exciting happen??
Hope everyone stayed doctor!
:
Welcome to Broncos Country!
Let's go get Lombardi!!!
mom will not get off the phone.
Forget napping.
I'm gonna watch Vampire Boys.
my shit keeps getting hacked...
and i have changed my password......
I'm 28 and only now interested in a doctorver's license.
Typical New Yorker.
First lesson in 30 minutes.
What color should I lease?
Yes!
I think G and GDocs could easily replace a LMS if you were creative abt it
I love you
That is SO awesome, Shane!!!
Can't wait to see it!!!
Im goin H.A.M which can only mean one thing
I've seen enough: trade Montero.
Congrats, Ang!
RT Proud to be a zenoid!
RT : Midsize Agency of the Year is !
Hey Eugene, glad to hear Mom  her BF are OK.
Accidents suck!
Cars can be replaced, people cannot.
Why isnt it last period!
stuck at JFK.
SOB
Microsoft has announced ambitious plans for expanding Zune overseas.
replacesongtitleswithboobs never close our boobs
I don't like Bruce Springsteen.
If he's the Boss, I want a different job.
lol I'm jk, I've actually never been the biggest Triple H fan.
I've always thought he was petty overrated.
This generation will never know the empowerment that gangster rap can make you feel.
Haters Gonna Hate,Lovers Gonna Love, Dancers Gonna Dance, And i'll Be Reading About It On Twitter
No comment...
's Bonus day is tomorrow.
They'll match donations by 30.
RT to help us spread the word!
thanks for the retweets!
anytime just bring some to share we got dinner going and my rolls in the oven right now
that is so weird, I literally thought about it today and meant to text you but fell asleep instead.
Miss you  angry sprinklers!
worthwhile waiting.
no no, YOU'RE awesome
yea I'm not concerned, UCLA won't have the squad to be a nat'l title contender
Great!
Let me know if you need any SLP input.
My softball coach and team mom are some VERY impressionable, respectable men.
Just about to learn how to give an insanely great instruction session by finding my inner Steve Jobs
Who can recommend a good place for BBQ?
Reason 11 to love the BBA: We have 2 great events for the neighborhood annually, Fremont Festival of Lights  Fremont Festival.
This is the first time im watching The Time Traveler's Wife and it barely started and I already feel like crying.
Lol.
Boise, Cold World, Focused Minds, and are here next Thursday, pit and act stupid.
RT for chance to win  tickets!
Details coming up soon!
I can't emotionally handle the amount of clothing I just pulled out of the girls' bedoctorom  put in the no longer fits bin.
I have no life no wounder I dont have a boyfriend
Been a busy last few days, folks.
Gonna rattle off some NFL doctorft thoughts now...
Thanks and back at ya!
I miss you too!
Really depressed that my case broke today when putting my phone in it 
SOTRUERT I bet 50 of SleepingWithSirens fans can only name Kellin Quinn and have no fuckin clue who the other members are
anyone going to SCBWI in LA?
the closest anyone will ever get to me telling them how i feel is by reading my tweets..
that's sad.
I am beginning to wonder if I, as a BMC rider, will also be affected by the curse of
To celebrate our blog's two year anniversary We'll be reposting our top 5 blog posts.
Nobody should be allow to be french kissed after a smoking session.
Dat ish taste bitter and dirty.
Ok, folks.
and I have a road trip mañana.
Playlist recs?
is jelly of my captainin america costume.
obviously, i mean who wouldn't be.
REMIX On April 20th UKs Rusko kicked off his North American tour with the first show in Broomfield, CO.
Levitate Festival was put on by
Kudos to for having the courage to leave the GOP and go Independent!
Like a bahh
well i did some research and if i doctornk it before it exploded it would kill me..
Bandaids not gonna cover that bro..
:D
love it keep it up
AMEN TO THIS!
A sharp tongue is no indication of a keen mind.
Haven't gone in a couple of years.
Is it still really mainstream  lots of landscapes  abstracts?
i love you3
foodlabdoctorLooking forward to Sustainable Food Lab's Leadership Summit which kicks off tonight night in Puerto Plata doctor
times like this makes me wish i had a damn DOOR.
I was plyn
Writing and doctornking at Blackbird Bar.
Bukowski's here, too.
I'm ready for some terrible news.
Hope not though
Indeed.
We're always excited when our ideas catch on and more data and maps are opened up
I was just looking for your Twitter handle to tweet to you but couldn't find it!!
CC on everything MarsInc :
thanks for the invite, Reggie!!!!!!
my best to all of you now let's all relax and enjoy a cold one!
Is so happy:
Blake can u follow me so I can DM you a Country Artists you will love to hear!
If you'd like, we can also discuss UMass' dominance over Jim Boeheim.
i am okay.
gettin by and by.
going to knotts tomorrow : how are you?!
:
I'm so sleepy lately 
I want to meet the manager who chose the playlist in the women's bathroom at the crown plaza hotel: She's a brick, house
What a terrible time this is to be a Christian.
The churches have failed and betrayed us, and the ministry preaches hate and mur
is Still that GUY!
I'm related to Kurt Cobain Well...
Was, he's dead now P And no, I'm not kidding lol.
Wow.
I knew most people on HotFudgeDetroit are assholes, but I didn't realize to what degree.
What miserable, despicable human beings.
Got My Back.
Thank you.
So much.
I oh you one big time.
I freakin love you.
Us two together equals ambitious minds.
People of Lawrence,KS!
We are out delivery your records!
Be home and keep your porch lights on.
Giggity : The average bra size today is 36C.
Ten years ago it was 34B.
I checked out of Spanish ages ago hahaha
Good idea.
Yes, we ladies do have a tendency to do that, don't we.
bring me some of your positive energy girl !!
3
Missed Derek's talk because we were so late!
Anyone wanna collab hmu I got song in the stash that need a verse.
a little late to that party.
PB and green apples is also an all time classic.
omg she is killing me
Aww, the toffee has nuts.
It was a completely random gift of kindness so I won't ruin it by saying anything.
Random gifts of kindness are 3
In the 30's and snowing all around Ohio, but Snowtrails moves opening day back a week?
My kids already love bacon, The Ramones and talking like pirates.
Guess my job is done here.
the locations could be broken down more accurately.
I've never heard of Wharton for Bella Vista/Passyunk Sq.
RT if you love Austin Mahone, and Justin Bieber, and you don't compare them.
Road trip early in the am makes for a long day....fam is worth the ride!
Annoyed as fuck.
bahaha you just made my night !
he's beautiful
We have lots of Ugly Christmas Sweaters to give away this week.
Stay tuned!
kahne: if your goal is for young ppl to be able to send a text message, you don't need a lesson plan.
they'll figure it out.
if you're wide open, take the 3
Playing trumpet with Faceman tomorrow night at The Bug Theater.
Show starts at 7pm.
It isn't hell if everybody knows my name tonight...
:
His arms are massive...
Damn.
;
I need you.
Don't crash on me right now.
It's getting there.
We're dealing with a fair bit of legacy code....
thankfully all backend....
no lousy HTML.
Everyone's clashing!!
Gym mode
Remember when I said that I was really tired?
Not anymore!
Things could get god.....
Best SEO in California 
but not the best when it comes to waking up lol.
Taking over the world
nah, that one was for me.
Holy crap SO close to being done with the short.
And now for something completely dfferent...
LA!
I need a college aged male to act in a short silent film.
Please submit headshots to
without wanting sorry
Our pleasure!
With friends like that...
RT : Bachmann Iowa chair Kent Sorenson endorses Ron Paul.
Ouch.
QA: some1 quotes Thoreau on solitary confinemnt, when he said he'd thrive if he just had his thoughts.
Schaefer: He's lying.
more women and that's a good thing?
I'll be pretty pissed if You Gi OH is replaced by another UK/Ul breakdown show.
springtime heat has melted glue attaching rearview mirror to windshield.
dangling mirror less attractive/useful than fuzzy dice.
tell Omar what up
Um...
I'm very lost..
who the hell is this Black Lady Gaga?
Oo
Things not to say to airport homeland security at JFK  I am the batman
great day to be in the shed
Cheers/ff for fabulous auction items for next week's event: ; ; ; ;
is jim carey in it!?!?
: thats what i call trill salute  ha!
Lemme tell ya , it was scrumptious
MMFEvanston i'm up for it.
Yep.
My whole plan was for my clothes to fit again, but now I'm dealing with the inbetween size issues.
I need some upbeat music this morning..
Put me in a better mood...
Get my mind off things..
What comes on?
All I Could Do Is Cry, Etta James
Hats  Dig Web
We are sorry!
Pub might be at capacity now, but Stoney is coming on late, so you're in luck!
A guy with a nosey ass ex  bitch go somewhere, your his EX!
Have you read Intersex by ?
If not, run, don't walk, and get a copy!
I want u to take over control..
Holy Mother Of God, Avengers!!
hahah!
The first thing Emily said to me when I hurt my knee..Man!
You need to wash your knee pads!
just got engaged to adam west tho
Hey, dude who flips me off for honking at him in the parking lot, your freshly brewed coffee was on the roof of your car.
Why does our living room smell like curry?
I don't hate it ...but just why?
RETWEET!.....THA HOMIE JUST doctorV BY STATS THERE WERE 20 HEADS TOPS!!
U GUYS JUST CUM 2 CLUB DOWNTOWN ITS PACKED!!!
why must there be two global essays just why...
Just applied to some open positions with and !
chillin no plans its been a long day
I have not seen what terrible things this person is saying about me, nor do I give a sht!
Fck off spammers!
or christmas is for suckers.
or working is for suckers.
or working on christmas is for suckers.
I'm deeply in love with ur new icon!
Thanks for the RT and and for the ff's
I don't know.
I think increasing awareness is a good first step.
No action will happen w/out inspiration  it has to start somewhere.
Today spring break ends.
Hopefully we can cllean up quickly and get home.
4 reminders to get a shot.
Shoot someone in a pose that looks like they are 'stopping traffic'.
An authoritative person can be intimidating.
Haven't Tweeted in 2days!!
I am ready bring it on lol.
Just kidding
or will i lose myself forever.
Not a good idea to restrict English to nonredundant expression.
I use computer languages all the time.
Call your girlfriendoctorbyn 3 great song.
DJ Squad
Wish I could say the same.
Don't think we can swing it this time.
Maybe next year!
LMK how it goes!

RT : Weave truth and trust.
On a cup from the Spitalfield Weavers, shown at Raven Row.
Congrats!
You're so lucky!!
:
What luck for rulers that men do not think.
Adolf Hitler
I'm a believer in Ramon Sessions, though I feel the Lakers are one more offensive threat away from really being back in the title mix.
I think you are hilarious..
And your dancing is awesome.
You did grow the most
Thanks for the retweet!
Thanks for the RTs and support, guys!
Looking forward to rockin' witchou in March!
Another quiet night  the Santos residence, too bad that Zoey doesn't talk she only barks LOL!!
First Lady Grant is scandalous.
Work it, girl!
I work in K12 now kind of a stretch to get me to a grad school conference.
Love Austin though.
:
because I wasn't on fb.
I wanted to go see that.
Watch in theaters, yay or nay?
RT smily face!:D howz my niece?
She is the biggest blessing ever...
How Ima Be Mad When I Gotta Main Nigga Ah Long Strong Year And Counting.......
what u get
: Gandhi says he won't dignify Catania's comments with a response.
In PR battle, Gandhi wins.
but Catania speaks for the peps
Yes!
RT Episode 4 of Grimm  we'll be watching  will you?
Music is the literature of the heart; it commences where speech ends.
Alphonse de Lamartine
New theme!
I don't feel compelled to post every activity or thought I have...
As I have a third cup of coffee and watch MeetThePress in my PJs
Never, never, never, never give up.
A good parent was President James Monroe's assessment of his mother.
Feel frisky?
Run naked in the snow and let them shout,..OMG it's cold, let's take cover!!
Wed.
18 145pm Chelsea vs Barcelona
So ready for a mini vacation
what up...
is my pleasure to work wit u too...letz make a krazyyy track and take it to Europe
Jake: I need some beer!!!
: no you definitly need more hugs!!!
u a real ass nigga my dude..
And were the terrorists...
WhyILoveMuseums Because they have given me insight, beauty, history and sometimes goosebumps.
that is amazing.
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
nice music choice for the soundtrack, caught my attention RT
RT : Declare that Today should be a National Geek Holiday!!
We fully agree.
Popup ads suck.
Our ad network pushed them on tonight and we're shutting them down ASAP.
aw denise, that ham was just for you  well okay we can share it with the world.
When I'm with him, I'm thinking of you.
If you like natgeo, follow us to learn about the street muse documentary project on E African Street music.
Every time a girl gets a new weave they always look like a different person .
Always borrow money from a pessimist.
He won't expect it back.
Hope to see you all at the unity rally ready to create a unity mural!
yep!
Can't doctorve and text.
oprah would not approve
let me know when Rachel is out and I'll start watching again
don't play, don't oversleep again lol
Norbert from the Angry Beavers reminds me of Jeff Daniels in Dumb and Dumber
you think i'm docked??
Just wait til the 2nd half...
How did the event go?!
A patron just offered me a kitten ...
at the reference desk.
Um , sorry?
Fun running into and 2 other amazing peeps at today!
Life is random.
Looking forward to teaching advanced tap at a new studio tonight.
Hm....what to teach?
Isn't having an AllStar edition of Dancing with the Stars a bit redundant?
Or...wait for it...an oxymoron?
Thank you and thanks to our wonderful patrons!
silent u wrong for that comment lol.
I can't even repeat it
Using McKesson STAR and doctorRounds app for iphone, Foxtrot pulls schedule info from STAR, load in doctorR.
web app, Docs schedule on iphone.
That's a typical possession with a guy named doctorw who spells his name with a J
I can't wait to see if Jason Schmidt will blow his first start in two years.
is that a type of French press.
Looks nice.
Does he actually live in Miami?
I heard him on y100 the other day.
:p
don't put Baeza more than once in a tweet so it doesn't count as spam !
Looking for somewhere to volunteer?
We'd love to have you!
Contact to talk to our volunteer guru!
It's definitely a factor, but there's right and wrong ways to do it.
It's no accident that UMD tumbled in the rankings IMO
I keep checking my followers making sure is still there :
that's insane.
Keep it up.
and I just trollin round campus, doin hoodoctort things
I am so grumpy today.
So sorry.
Mad at Xcel for doctorpping the solar rebate?
Call Gov.
Hickenlooper's office at 3038662471 to tally your disapproval
If you are the smartest person in the room, get out of that room!
You can't learn if you are the smartest person there.
From
Celebrating 1st anniversary with by attending new media training to make 2nd year even better.
I feel like I have so much to say then I lose it when I start typing it.
1500 words is a lot.
I need to find more quotes.
It's likely something in the Firewall, but will need Engineering to identify/fix, as it may break other things also...
lightning changeover for real!!
Thanks for the doctornk mister
OMG!
Why would they do that?
That's a TV staple RT : Anyone know if they wound up cancelling The Simpsons?
LOL HELP!
The stall I'm in has no tp.
I need a superhero to save me!
it's either a new version of tweetdeck chromeapp, or new twitter, but it annoys me to see real names instead of handles, i like screen names
There's always one moment in life when the door opens and lets the future in.
Graham Greene
Back at ya.
Enjoy Christmas k!!!
R u going anywhere???
: I'm doneno u not cum one let finsh lol
What's the single best thing you can do for your health?
A doctor/professorssor answers that question with this great video lecture....
omg i want the llamanator!
I have PS Vita may I have a code please :
Uhmmmm...Is it a KoalaCubScout?
THAT'S ALSO A ROBOT?!
:3
In WI, just reiterated he will defund  I'll help hold him accountable in a few hours.
spam sucks
There are few sorrows, however poignant, in which a good income is of no avail
Ribs on tha grill, corn, baked potato.damn I'm good!
: is crazy!!
still lame smh don't get your ass locked up stalker
we're going the weekend after
Hey, stop being scared and face the facts.
I hate it.
no.
That is an album of work by master instrument engraver Jason DuMars..
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be.
Robert Collier
Don't let the Tampico supply in your fridge get low!
Stock up on the new Tampico20oz!
Jim and Mike of tomorrow and Mathew Haeffel on Saturday.
We live for weekends like this.
Ray's poor shooting lost this one for the C's while DFish won it for the Lakers
hell yeah my nigga wht u on?
Tune in THIS SUNDAY to Jawanza4Life!!
Guests are LOU GOSSETT JR.
and MARGARET SHUG AVERY!
Listen online  wclmisterdioonline.com 46pm est.
Hahahahaha I love your angry Spanish tweets.
Tyler The Creator is bipolar af.
Allstars!
Yay!
o0 for that ...wat sef...isn't it soccer we are betting over?
Lunch break!
Time for lightning talks
Nice!
No, I switched to Finance actually.
Where are you going?
Me and Amy on june 30 WOAHHHH!
TAKE UR SHIRTS OFF LOL : SHE KNOWS ITS TRUE
Final score from the Alamodome beat Pittsburgh 6852.
Full recap on tonight
I think slate has some of the best writing out there.
HELL YEAH a chance to see NORTHSIDE kick SALEM'S ASS!
you know imma be up in there lol now watch i probably just jinxed it
oh yea inphilly i might go im begging
exactly so.
yeah hahah.
it's all good though ha .
Pardon our dust while we test some features of an up and coming app for 's
SN: headingg home , b/c irefuse to be in a position in which im uncomfortable !
yeah.
Still just adds to the space in my mind.
I use my iPad in portrait as much as landscape, so that's something to consider.
Home safety tip: Warn childoctorn never to tell strangers about your vacation plans
I used to be indecisive.
Now Im not sure.
Questions in past hour as saturdaylibrarian chirp...chirp...visual basic bk?...chirp....chirp.
I Bet he'll sing a lil mariachi tune for you!!
I Guarantee it!!
LMAO  Lmao!
I'm gonna say that and see what happens
slow day today?
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  JRoc will be playing ABQ's Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
u ant cute lol
Should not have doctornk that coffee, 2 in the morning and I'm still awake...
Loving my wine rite now .......
almost posted a shared housing wanted ad on craigslist describing myself as nonsmoker nonugly
what are you a girl or something?
Haha
How often do you get your car washed?
Thanks for the RT Ronni.
What have you been up to?
and Pedoctor and Busquets  I love Russian !!
Lol
Please RT  Follow these amazing people
The UP feature was very fine.
As a UP native, I was touched and appreciative of the positive portrayal of the area and its people.
SOS radio is what you're looking for!
thanks a lot Erin :
hell yea...lol
mayb if it was it would be awsome
BTW, in case you didn't see earlier tweet, May 39 specials are: Vermicelli Salad, Cashew stirfry, Shrimp Tacos.
Love ya, JCB!
RT : Spend more time looking for the perfect pair of shoes than ur kids doctor?
Find ur doc at this event in
This is fun i enjoy tweeting things it is fun tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet
Stressed like I have money on this game.
Come on Nuggets, only cause I hate the
you know when you're coming back to the nuggets
whats good my dude?
Our mailman just threw a cig butt in our yard!
No wonder he cant walk up the stairs and put packages at our door!
Wtf.
Jerk.
Work flow
Thank you, have a great weekend.
this has to be one of the cutest pics of him!
RT : Don't feed the models!
RT : thanks to for the fabulous food for today's shoot!
Kristan,...
Jazz jury, paper, and take home final away from winter break.
Finish line in sight.
Stealing the Scrubs ending not so cool...but even the most desperate life is oh so wonderful.
my best friend's a butcher he has sixty knives!
I think he needs to be in a speedo all the time
in order to convince their husbands to feed baby elephants in Thailand.
Or at least, that's my excuse...
You wanna be a pirate!
End of first quarter in LA.
Clippers 16 Grizzlies 25 with 4 and with 6 of Clippers 16 pts.
I'M GOOD
I'll see you there!
Every time I think I understand the Pastry DHT, I get a little bit more implemented, only to find out everything I thought was wrong.
check out my new web site golftours.com, if you love golf and travel its for you!
i really was..
Sorry everyone!
I was hacked?!
palamino Lovely design.
Nice use of staggered columns and images.
Scholarly, classic look.
Readability of wider blocks?
rats!
will miss you in the 312 this weekend.
enjoy Nola!
you doctorve a hard bargin ;
Want good customer service when buying a expensive TV?
Don't go to they have been consistent on not being helpful
you already know they got the ipad 3,4,5 lined up just waitin to come out
I'm geeky like that.
But I really love hard boiled eggs.
last final today, wooohoooo
welcome to my page!
look for me around!
At a karaoke bar and a stalker just emptied out her doctornk in 's face when we asked her to leave...
He handled it like a pro obv
If God be for you who can be against you: Now let's get this win tonight!!!!!!!!
Grizz Nation Babe:
I'm planning on going, but I'll know for sure soon.
You definitely should.
A lot of energetic  progressive Black women out here b/w Spelman,Emory,  GSU...
harden dominates the ball though.
OJ had every opportunity to do that
Getting ready for VAN 101 w/Bill Kottmeyer NOIdata Good Data!
askalexconstancio Do you love me???
Cus I love you Alex!!!!:
haven't gotten into Google yet.
My cat is curled up for the night.
Full moon soon
100.
He's addicted to bunting.
buntingjunkie RT How much of the brewers offensive struggles can you pin on R??
hope its a good morning for ya and we can end the day on a Knicks win!
1 in 176 million.
Smh.
I wish i won too lol.
Better luck next time :/
House of Pies, Museum District incl Menil Collection/Rothko Chapel, ride the light rail!
Staying Healthy shouldn't be a CHORE...
Just got your message but just came thru.
Not sure when u sent as I just got it.
OMG WHAT THE HELL!!
THE VAMPIRE DIARIES!
Classic switcheroos with big shoulder pads never disappoint!
Lets go Champagne  Chickenheadz
that's hilarious
GD TOP ready to rock my mind!
is there a way to create line breaks in twitter?
We launched Plink a month ago, targeting social gamers and giving them Facebook Credits to dine out.
go for it!
i hate when people lie to me..
maybe after a while....but for a short period of time it would be so nice.
fatpeoplenightmares naked on YouTube
haha the mohawk guy is definitely high up there for me too.
Hot body.
Always remember, whether you think life sucks or you think life is great, either way, you're right.
I'm gonna wipe mine and start over, otherwise of course!
Although I should be in for the new iPad shortly!
I'm caught up in you.
Happy New Years!!
Hope 2011 was great!
What's a goal you're setting for 2012?
Mine: Create great music, good laughs,  moments to remember!
It goin'around pal, it's goin' around.
Sigh.
Uh I don't wanna go to work!
you guys never hit me up !
ash keep your eyes open we'll be serving up ice cold once again...
Digging through old Directory files and discovered we first asked departments for email addoctorsses in 1996!
Time to request Twitter handles?
730  two years.
Cinco de Mayo!!!!!
Money does buy happiness
Thanks, great to meet you here on Twitter!
You lyin!
RT : I'm working there!
LOL!
No.
I don't have any hairspray on my hair.
Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they actually possess all the tools needed to acquire perfect wealth.
thanks to you, Ayron.
We had a blast.
?If someone wants to be a part of your life theyll make an effort to be in it
Apparently, highend coffee is essential to internet companies.
Google had a Clover machine, and Twitter had Sightglass.
SO GOOD.
Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels.
But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be youngJK Rowling
totally.
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
Haha no, I have 2 finals today and 1 was at 7:30 so it was kinda pointless to try and sleep
The 6 hrs U spent trying to design it yourself instead of spending 50 on a designer  Working for 8/hr
Thoughts and prayers to everyone in the Dallas area.

my dads house
I had forgotten how much I LOVE until tonight.
Thanks for making the doctorve home amazing!
a real Mexican would know that Cinco de Mayo isn't a real Mexican holiday
Interested in having be a part of your event?
Let's chat.
Email jen at uber dot com.
I met with JEA last week.
I think its outrageous, entire policies need to be changed.
Adding deposit to peoples acct
Whoa Philly is super nice and warm out right now!
Hope the weather is excellent for everyone else too!
I hope you're kidding.
:O we are no longer friends !
Lmao jk :
Do you miss me too?
I miss you.
:
if we have at least 15 ppl, then it's like 4 per person.
Last tweet up wasn't quite free either.
So NBC is dumping all the shows I watch on NBC?
RIP 30 Rock, Community, Parks  Rec.
I like that the best.
Tenacious, beautiful, smart.
It's been to long!
Looking forward to seeing you!
There are couples that seem like friends and friends who seem like a couple.
thanks!
hope all's well!
The Chronic is a standard in gansta rap.
I love Joshua Tree park.
Trinity Health has completed its acquisition of fiscally challenged Mercy Hospital  Medical Center.
Nashville has addicted me to sweet tea...so did Buddy Guy
Kill me now!!!!
That awkward moment when u text someone, set your phone down and when it beeps you think, 'wonder who that is'...
I hope you feel better!
Being off tomorrow is a good idea!!
Thats a first.
Good night tonight : 3
Mark Wahlberg  Did Someone Order Beefcake?
hey George!
Thx for the mention.
Hope ur well.
Rumor has it we're going to see 70's by late Tues.
The best time to grocery shop is 3pm!
Know Spanish?
Want to teach Ruby in Argentina for a few months?
Interesting opportunity emerging.
email me,
ASAP!
We should do dinner with  !!
Good luck on the doctorve tomorrow...
bet you'll miss Barney  co.
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
Latveria, New York with the Avengers Tower,a Spidey place  Baxter Building, Atlantis, a Cosmic area, Savage Land  the XMansion
are u gonna send ME the teddy?
Been running around and traveling.....
Good look on the follow
Did you know we are having a bake sale at on 4/14 912 to raise money for Stop by and support us!
Neither Obama nor Duncan has really supported secondlanguage acquisition programs.
Real recognize real, and you don't look familiar
wear something you can run in!
cause when the boys try to leave you can captainre one and keep him forever lol
no problem.
Glad you got it figured out.
We'll be posting details of a special discount offer early tomorrow so check back!
It's been a very busy week.
Wrote an article yesterday on behalf of shunned molested Catholics.
Shared Info from 'Piso Christ'.
If you're Rachet and you're in Walmart, come see me; in the makeup isle
it's hard to handle the stupidity.
I hate it when I ask for the time and someone tells me its a quarter after 3.
BITCH just tell me its 3:15!!!!
hahahaa yes, I just turned it.
No worries!
I get it a lot !
:p
Never apologize for your audition.
It's time to take responsibility for not only your good auditions but your bad ones.
Working on some new songs and thinking up new ideas for photo shoots.
Get ready because 2012 is TeamOtenki's year!
John Oliver's skit on was ON POINT!
Accurate depiction of the soul of America that could cut UNESCO funding 2 prove a point
somedays you just wake up knowing something is going to happen today....what not a clue.
Hoping for good over bad!
twittertuesday We're dying to hear Neon Indian's Heart:Attack from Era Extrana!
Can you work that out?
I'm all about spreading great stories and well written work.
Unfortunately it's hard to find stuff that meet both criteria.
Don't think about what the world requires; ask yourself what makes you shine.
Bout to fall asleep I 3 arizona tea
I miss you to bro
PeopleNeedToStop teen mom
YES!
RT : Psyched, is thinking about running a campaign!
cc:
White Sox's, A's are coming!!!
I am not against cupcakes for breakfast.
Hey Brian!!.
How have you been?
Well, the Oscars are tonight; pretty sure we're a lock for Best Supporting Yogurt  unless we're upset by that handsome Clooney fellow.
I hate bees.
Especially the fucking ones.
Raising min.
balance and overdoctorft fee not a great PR move  Banks to 'get creative' on fees in '12.
BofA trying was the start j.mp/syH834
Anybody who feels like they might want to give a demo at a doctorpal camp or user group meeting, holler at us.
We will send you goodies!
I don't know.
Better than just a nose?
I love you too, dude!
how's it going?
I gave updates on where I thought you were during my presentation.
As for me as well, and then there a moments of silence that are just as important for me, hope you enjoyed the music.
Tator Tots will do a business good if offered as a potato option, specially kids menu.
Can't go wrong with keeping them around!
Do they still do tea?
yes sir!
I'm so sore from that intense workout yesterday
The L Woods Tap menu also promises Schlitz, cheese curds and cream puffs.
Swoon!
We'll definitely have to have a club mtg there.
fucking love old eddie murphy flicks!
Dear city of Mpls, thanks for filling in the potholes on 28th ave south
fourwordsaftersex how about another round?
One of the best online classes I've taken to date: UCSD Extension's Social Media for Editors w Erin Brenner.
WOW.
Overwhelmly amazed
Watch out NBA!...Celtics Big 3 are currently looking as well as they have since getting together.
we've stepped into a cruel world where everybody stands and keeps score
I been in detention for a hour nd 30mins I'm ready to go.!!!
I opened Microsoft Word today for the first time in like six months.
Strange...
about 5,000 dollars missing :o
But think of how much you'll save on shipping :
have a great weekend!!
RT : Mike Daisey had 37 seconds of dead air when answering questions abt the Apple story.
Wow.
Hi, I'm Nicholas Megalis' manager.
I would love to talk to you.
216 326 0810
Unloaded the bags at the airport.
Celebrating by waiting in the urgent care parking lot for them to open so I can get prescribed some meds.
Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder 10 growler limit 1 per person  3 pints
i am an organ donor already.
I toldz that to the DMV.
Now what?
not announced yet
couldn't have said it better myself
that would suck City needs him he does so much for the club.
This is goodnight Twitter.
Yes I do but I have been involved with the charity for a few years though!
Robbery suspect caught in Nassau Co.
after a police chase from an East Meadow home to Southern State Pkwy.
Nick you're awesome!
I don't know Sandy, but I'm going to follow  connect with her now.
You're the best :
28 points.
just hanging out.
One of the positive things we get to do is work with others to create beautiful buildings.
Hateration goes out to every Fakers and Celtrics fans.
Telling myself it's okay that I've been eating chocolate all day because dark chocolate is healthy....
safe now...
only reports of minor scrapes and bruises
So many!
Perks of Being a Wallflower, LotR, V for Vendetta for a few.
can't wait until you say the same thing about Twitter
I have 44K.
Blinds 4/8K.
27 players left noon mega satellite.
19 seats being awarded.
wheniwas13 i was SOO ready to grow up!!
Now i wish i could relive my childhood all over again!!
eventbrite has a WordPress plugin.
Also should look at gravity forms for selling videos at WAYM
the most I can recall In the past 10 yrs or so was 2 ft and that was partially cause of doctorfts lol
i hear ya  they all look young to me now...
Thanks  I'll include wmat in tweets for future shows.
Is it bash on Ian day or something?
New show: 4 hours and 56 minutes
Thanks to for supporting Scotland Yard Pub the past couple weeks with your office parties.
When my doctorss goes up
I totally agree.
Thank you for this!
Occupy the people that write our laws and suppose to represent us.
You are amazing :
Today's rain entirely filled our big outdoor trash can.
Much more flooding around here today than after Irene!
Talent maybe subjective  but your business accumen isn't!
Tweet  TripleDslaughterHouse   going to RETWEET IT
I'd try them!
Excited my bro will be NYC.
I get to show him all the dope spots
This Saturday night 8:30 pm...
Booked in Oakland...gotta keep my hustles rotating ;
Just made a little boys day : gave him his first hug from a girl and a kiss on his cheek, he said he will never forget it,
Pumped for the date party tonight with
Whitney Houston dead...that's a shame.
Did the Mayans predict that or was it just a given that the end of her world was coming in 2012?
Evaluate your desired customer base, target area, and current content to determine the words/phrase that best fit your company
sure, I guess, it's curriculum in schools, there exist things called libraries, the completely illiterate are stigmatized...
Nice to meet you, too!
LoganJessDeanPete.
With my bestfraaaaaaaaans and Sadly just left /3
could u give me a shoutout??:
: You don't need professorssors to tell you bland facts.
You can compute all that stuff.
sxsw compimpact AMEN!
I hope the Heat are losing.
lol u would b a smart ass...buy all that 4 me
Random customer: Hello, is this the Krusty Krab?
Patrick Star: No, this is patrick hangs up phone
Turn me on
Had so much fun on the morning show with Mike Shelley at WRAF today!
Now, onto tackle Atlanta airport and Tampa, here I come!
the reverse bulldog into the door was it for me.
I stood up and cheered.
is it June yet?
i can't wait to see you!!!
What's wrong?
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect.
It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Thanks for your support.
Can't believe how hot it is...I wanna die!
Accidentally gay!
She just wished loving him didn't always have to be so hard.
But I think the answer is yes as well
Goodbye Paris, we'll meet again and maybe I'll even know how to introduce myself.
gotta do it big lol
Well up and ready for work.
What to do today.
Feels so good outside
3/25,anniversary of Triangle fire.
Tragic proof of need for unions.
Unions keep America strong and Americans free.
Stressed the hell out.
Guess I need to start looking for a second job.
Need some help with tweets?
I provide social media advice to nonprofessorts, former sorority advisor, national officer, etc.
You're welcome I hope they're inspired to spread the good news about endeavors to their peeps!
KLUSOZ BOUT TO BE CRAZY THIS THURSDAY NIGHT!!
1 COVER  COMPLIMENTARY doctorNKS ALL NIGHT LONG!!!
WOOHOO!!
You should!
I really liked it!
:
Hi this is Douglas here, my first time on twitter and hope to meet a lot of people here.
My last tweets were a poem that I wrote.
Hey people!
Vegan chicken!
Hot toddys!!
Duh!
excited about this.
I would like to make reservations, please send information

thanks for the link!
I'm happy to have another Miyazaki film to see.
:
just got me too good!
I was about to get mad hahaha!
Not funny!!!
Brought Yall Here For A Reason!!!!!
I'm flattered ;D
The absolute time warp I've stepped into at Hot Topic is HILARIOUS!
Hello 1998.
do you have plans to put your talk on your website?
naturally I had a meeting w a student for the 15 min.
you were presenting
PyCharm just changed my life, thanks.
Congressional Elections Will Define Next Presidency  Bloomberg
Tosh all new tonight!
Mitt Romney announces he's running for prez.
Speaking tomorrow in DC at the Faith  Freedom conference.
If you have had bad service, feel free to give us a call or stop in, and we will work to correct any mistake.
GA Angels 
she didnt seem down around me this morning
WHAT A PLAY!!
I BOW TO GETZ AND HOZ
Nope, Scar
el nopal on river road
You're better of that way, anyway.
Trust me...
The clocks move forward tonight in Belgium.
Feel a bit gipped since we already did this two  weeks ago in US.
your always beautiful
Yes, but it is not open yet?
Tripping fucking balls.
That was hilarious.
Oh, come out you Black and Tans; Come out and fight me like a man.
Crossword puzzles it is.
when I'm prepared I'm less nervous.
My first take is often rough, though.
I'm always thankful when the CD let's me do 2!
Um, I can't pick.
That's why I made an account for both of them.
:DD lol
gm have y'all announced the winners of the New Edition tickets yet?
have fun on GMA rob and don't fall asleep:
Love isn't something you find, love is something that finds you
RT Please follow .
IF you love animals you would!
Ugh, it's raining  humid here
Why in the heck am I up at this hour?!
My day is going to shit lol
Hey sinus pressure.
It's been great having you for a week but it's bout time you packed your stuff and got on.
They are dead beat dads and unfit Mothers so they couldn't take it.
Fuck Em.
yea why u going dere doe?
I know bro ...
Hey, make the best out of it!
yup any win is enough but he was the only one takin heat.
By end of 2011 over half of Americans will have a smart phone
and semester is officially over!
now time for yard work.
:
blessed Easter to all
I'll grant you 3 wishes cause I be the Genie.
Niggas is assed out like fat bitches in bikinis.RIP BIG
sign me up!
ICYMI: Sadly, there can only be one this lucky.
sorryladies RT : Lucky to be married to
Hard work means prosperity; only a fool idles away his time.
pick yr passion: Earth Day!
Interested to try ?
We will be in Mtl, Feb 4/5 can get you a sample for the club
Is sizing up the competition a bad thing?
I'm pretty sure what would say...
OH GOD!
I MAY BE PREGNANT!
Are you going to be using the Aaron Sorkin West Wing Minor Female Characters playbook?
Happy EarthDay from !
Food Network's Ted Allen lets us in his 'Kitchen' On Chopped, host Ted Allen lets others do the cooking.
But in his new cookbook
Who needs a massage....?
;
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
Cynthia Ozick
when are we gonna hang out?
dude you are paying them.
they should be scared of you.
if you dont like how they treat you find someone else!
:
I could just stay in bed all day.
Oh now I changed the radio station?
Care to know more about my daily life?
Haha
RT Seems to be a lot of fuckery on twitter today.
Ra plays a card that deals 2 and then attacks for 6.
Dawn to 28.
Hope he likes it :3.
Omg!!!
This kid never stops talking
I need a time machine...not to go back...just to create more.
hey how are ya?
Studying for my last final of the semester tomorrow morning.
Can't wait for it to be over.
Well you cant save ALL your hitting for the 9th inning ....
c'mon !
Off to Dallas today to do some team building!
Yay!
RT : Feels amazing out.
Chicago let's keep the violence out of the equation so our kids can play in peace.
lappy with the game winner, nucks go 3 for 3 on the s/o, great win boys
My only wish is I die real!
that's awesome!
thank you!
:
SO NOT TRUE!!!!
You are ana amzing person with a huge heart!!!!!!!
Just got a volunteer to make a large banner to make our event visible to street/foot traffic
Are We Acting Like A Couple im Just Trying To Get This Straight Cause im Over Here Convinced That it's Too Early For Mistakes.
Original Content
orgasm.
Ha
Hi Nicole!
Thank you very much ; How is your night going?
our surround sound system 
I love the tanning bed.
I just hate getting burnt!
Birthday countdown : 3 days!
:
When God made time, He made enough of it.
Celtic Saying
suggests folding your dollar bills into airplanes.
Make the strippers work for it.
Like air miles.
go FOLLOW HER RIGHT NOW she sure followed :
Getting ready to crash ...
Another long day filming tommorow ..
You have good taste!
Heat can get to FINALS w/o Bosh...
but NO chance to win a title against OKC, SA or LAL...
Denver Nuggets are putting up a really good fight.
This game is good.
Should be like this until the very end.
Love Agent Holder

How to Love ...
Lil Wayne.
We love snow!

3WordsForYou I'm moving on.
Want to appear more authoritative at work?
gives the skinny on 10 ways you can on our feed.
one made by satan
indeed madame, indeed!
I wish the best for you managers and your artist much success to everyone Sad thing is we all can't make it to the top!!
See you there 
who's ya doctor
already shouted you out hahah3
Several locations to sell books around campus.
hcc as well!
USF Please RT
You know someone's stupid when they put 'Foo Fighters ft.
Kurt Cobain'
don't let anyone fool you;few months from now:Anyone would have made that decision even Jimmy Carter
Blaring classic country with the sunroof open  the windows down
Aaron didn't fallow me!
Got my Edward Sharpe  The Magnetic Zeros tix.
Gona be real funky.
Come get weird at the Riverside Theater
YOLO isn't an excuse to smoke, doctornk, and make an dumb butt of yourself.
It's to go out and do something with your life that matters.
we are here, we were long parsing :P
You know you can always hit us up with a quote request and we'll see what we can do!
Just finished practice, these kids are goin to be star footbal players in high school.
you're an asshole go get a life
To have good and clear vocals you need a good mic pre and a good mic that does make you work so hard!
Thanks for giving the Brew Crew a little Jungle Karma today.
FEAR THE BEER!
lowincome housing advovate Karen Paup up to call for changes in affordability terms on Green redevelopment
he has anger problems...
Needs to learn how to control it
RT : When it seems like your school doesn't care, why would you care about school?
Joshua Ham of Manual Arts H.S.
here ya go!!
I added one more to ya list!!!
Lol
resume tips Where do you send your resume?
Send it to a hiring manager if at all possible, and not the HR Dept.
HR gets too many resumes
back to the email grind.
Is awake on thirteen hours of sleep and LOVIN IT!!
not when you talk like that lol hahahahahahahahahaha laughing like ur spanish teacher
Talk Dionne
what is the issue you are seeing?
WHY WAS I NOT INVITED??
It's like I'm finally awake...and you're just a beautiful mistake.
3 3
a quarter for every DAM joke would be nice.
FYI: the Hasbro DAM is everything you would hope it to be.
any injuries fromt the Quincy fire?
fingers are now cramping but not stopping
So sosososoo happy :
breakfast of champions..
Watching Dumb  Dumber..
so hilarious :
you know you're fucked when you see the girl you're supposed to do a presentation with tomorrow raging next to you at a show.
Into the ocean, end it all.
RT if making fun of someone with Dyslexia is making fun of
Just saw the flagrant foul on Ty chandler, cmon King James that's a little Bitch move Lmao
my dude wuz good
It too early for wings, but I want some.
I was a peer reviewer for the issue, so yes, I guess you could say we contributed.
:
Bert  I tried to respond to your DM but it wont let me.
Follow me and I'll get back to you!
Thanks!
just had an emergency to clean a company's windows restore virus my desktop icons are gone help!!!
..they're just moved and hidden silly
Before you judge me make sure you are perfect
lmaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!
Muuuuuuuah!!!!
My nucka!
Love u so much puto.
How's my girls doing?
Where's nysha
whats going on with chris brown and rhianna doing new music together?
I'd kind of like to start an anonymous blog of things I overhear around my house....
its amazing that Diaz doesnt get sued for breach of contract more often.
That moment when your face lights up when someone says your crush's name.
Suicides AKA Pukers...
great start on a Monday morning!
After heating the tile glowing red, we would doctorp it.
In the time it took to hit floor, you could pick it up with bare fingers.
Good morning  Happy Friday!!!!
How a merger made a Dart As the first child of the 2009 marriage between Fiat S.p.A.
and Chrysler Group, the 2013 Dodge Dart contains the
30 for 30 series is some of the best TV out there...it goes deeper than sports!
2012 film watching!
18.
A Knight's Tale.
Pretty dumb movie, but was fun.
Good movie to just watch and turn off your head.
Off to Seattle!
Haven't settled on the next job, have some good offers
branding in librariesdo we try to escape the book brand or is it hopeless?
I can dig that ;
out in public curse me out  make a scenary.why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?why text messages popping up saying hi daddy?
i know everyone nickles and dimes you its a shame
free historical novel to those abroad.Award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun Smashwords.com no money use code DZ72J
ok Who's ready for an amazing week?!!!!
are you just decluttering??
I want to fall asleep
Champs for lunch!
thefab13 and others!
Nicknames for my softball tee: Help?
TabeRuth Heinekan't TabstBR Tabnanas Who?
People don't like their picture taken.
Until you show them how well you did.
Don't let their attitude mess you up.
same here just spent it with the family
thank you!
Will do!
Thanks.
I feel pretty confident.
A few questions I didn't anticipate but overall, not bad.
Im always sleepy!
218 548 0886 Code: 417091 Call now and do not miss your chance for something bigger than Starbucks!
you coppin max payne tom.?
Or at all?
q2 sschat, I like to make sure and check the links I provide out.
Also to teach critical reading, to check if the information is valid.
its almost our birthday!:D
only when it comes to taking over the world w/ u!!!
it's insane how bad I want a land cruiser 70, I spent all day looking at videos and pics.
too bad toyota doesn't sell them here
ran out of skips in Pandora.
Wtf .t its not my fault I don't like more than 6 songs!
We have a new server ready  vpnsf40 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
99 of active navy participants and recruits have a high school degree
Loving the learning and peeps at the Board Retreat so far...
Why the hell does it have to be so hot T.T
RT : BOGO 45 off MEN  WOMENS jeans at in Deal is running through Sunday!
Code Time Bomb
Defly out here tomar I cant take it
happy mothers day to all.the strong minded women out there Yall awesome
Really enjoying Teaching Video Games.
Added bonus: It's like watching When Academix Attack!
Today, after much anticipation, begins my love affair with GameOfThrones.
Season 1, Episode 1.
See you all in July when I'm done.
Last minute spot open for music act THIS WEDNESDAY for TV show.
Email me w/links to your music if available:
If Rick Santorum wins I'm moving out of this fucked up country!!!
What's wrong with people?!?!
my vote is for www.gittower.com
I agree, it should be nice to see some more rookies getting some play best week.
Newest rookie QB to start.
Gabbert in Jax.
even worsein the WC fishbowl office!
Just realized that, after moving, my bed is the only place to sit here.
Might as well get under covers, surf and listen to this Broadcast LP
i love how Missouri plays
Explain to me how has 1,200 followers.
And we love our fans!
Octoberproject followed me after I tweeter about them.
Freaking great.
I love your music!CYsr
Is I.D.
Mag.
being discontinued?
Pajama Jeans  searing cultural relevance.
RT I'll never forget where I was when I read that piece.
Yes!
What specifically would you like to be improved?
SD hockey, baseball franchises getting new owner
RT : Content breaks all of the economic rules.
Looking Hella gorgeous
no matter how hard life is at times always keep your head up and smile the biggest SMILE possible:D
now we know how to decorate your office for your next milestone.
RT packingpeanuts should be outlawed.
We're hiring for a Software Engineer in San Francisco.
Have you ever camped out at a NASCAR race?
hey!
Are there any rules about strollers in the park?
I love the Jim Caldwell hire  but if any Ravens fans start clamoring for us to sign Peyton Manning I'm gonna go ballistic.
Thanks for the shouts, guys!
We appreciate it!
:

That's an odd response to a guy that brought you four great years of running.
Terminal 5 has just been raped by americanapparel and highschool I feel like I'm back at exit
Was completely sucked in.
Was only going to read a few pages  ended up staying up later to read 1/2.
Beautiful poetry
I just love the British lingo!
Most of your enemies come disguised as Friends
you guys fucking killed it tonight in Houston, thanks for the BEST show I had ever seen tonight.
They don't have one up here!!!
I better go to Home Depot.
RT hide under workbench.
all the voice lessons in the world won't help.
You need autotune girl and lots and lots of reverb.
Thanks to the Cincinnati Astros for registering for in our Summer Nationals in Destin Florida today!!
Follow the Teddy Bear
Defintion of a perfect Patio Day?
TODAY!!
Brass Monkey West Allis Patio, Veiw of the Park..Brass Monkey Milwaukee Patio, View of the Airport
Never understood bikes without brakes.
SMH.
Let's not forget CALVIN AND HOBBS!!
UFriendZoned if she calk n tell u bout her man problems
More about the Video Conferencing Facility...www.vcube.com
Helicarrier Bar  Grill?
oh vintage I can back.
This was a gently used diaper bag for almost what you pay new on Amazon.
Do you want to sell or what?
Lol
right back at ya my little cherry pie
thinks you should always proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
wait..
Are you here???
Just downloaded the logo quiz; almost done with level 1, but i need help!:/
All these cats that are out here trying to copy me are bound to run out of toner.
try it it looks dumb but its so amazing
follow back
YES RT I'd also like to note that Target has the cutest summer clothes right now
I wanna visit The Netherlands :3
I've challenged my mother to the fifteen tree/two hour challenge HappyMother'sDay
We're doing off all our titles at the ASA2011 meeting.
Sign up for our email list and we'll give you a 30 discount.
Booth 306!
61Brandon MarshallWRMiami Dolphins
Wahoo!
A Wide Receiver!!!
TODAY!
Volunteer Center of MKE will be at the City Center 1130am1pm, 2nd floor seminar room, with info about volunteer opportunities.
Failed my world history.
Well damn.
our special on her animal rights activism.
Another firm libn reports she teaches class on alternatives to Wexis.
Excited to conduct a data audit ala DCC.
Also considering how incorporate the informatics in our services.
AGH!!!!
The last 10 minutes to this episode of TheWalkingDead was crazy!!!
OH MY GAWD!!!!!
That could've been the season finale easily!
NationStates  View topic  What is your Military equipped with?
FOLLOW and RETWEET THIS to enter to win the new iPad!
Winner will be picked once they hit 65,000 followers.
Remain Hungry, Remain Foolish.
A quote from
Go WHITE!!!
No idea, you think it would considering it's a roadtrip movie.
Original rumor.....he was suppose to come by me, but who knows.
GM I stopped watching TheGameBET while ago.
That was a dumb move.
Who will watch the show next season?
A9: Spent much more time learning with staff on how digital shift was changing peoples lives and work, not just news.
ILikeObamaCare because I can stay on my parents health insurance until I'm 26, meaning I don't have to pay out of pocket during college
We play at 8:00 Jam stage tomorrow!
:D Come out and sing along with us and get down!
Doors are at 5!
Be there!
:
I miss yall followers!!!
alright im not good at this but please go follow he follows back puls hes a noob : love you best friend
If the rage comes to DC, can y'all publicize it?
I want to catch a seat!
Is it okay if I call you mines for the night?
Who gives a crap?
Say more funny stuff.
RT in focus?
montreal!
say.ly/PxNfkq
This weekend is gonna rule!
;
phone is out of commission you can reach me on here or fb until further notice hoping that apple can fix it tomorrow
They won.
Did you sleep well?
Welcome, Canadian writer.
If Reds lose tonight, they're only at 1616.
also, at some point it makes sense to play Dm7 instead of F in the verses but that's all I've done to improve the melody.
congrats Giants, well played Pats.
But we want the real winners to be YOU!
Help me beat EricCantor so VA voters  friends can
www.onelonetree.org our new and improved website....thank you Whitney!
All of us could take a lesson from the weather.
It pays no attention to criticism.
Let's see a 4 way playoff!
Holy shit I leave to New York in 2 days!
Join us tonight at our Balboa Park location where we'll be serving our Strawberry Shortcakes on special!
Great Work On Careless World Album I Love It Dude U And doctorzzy Are The Last Kings Of Rap
LA supporters of Mexico pres leftist candidate Lopez Obrador are on 690AM radio now.
Greetings all from Jon...
coffee just about ready here!
Let's Go Bucky!
Beat 'Cuse!
Watching romanholiday I love this movie!
you already know they are ;p lol
In antiquity, yes.
Since WWI, not so much.
It's a big deal among pilots and snipers.
Videogames are a crucial barometer now.
Hopes Of staring into the eyes of a Goddess OneDayLove SoonWeWillMeet Who Ever you are ;
Shouldn't you be in class?
Slacker.
Going to pumpkin hollow October 7th!!!!
October is the best month!
:D who else is going to pumpkin hollow in October?
:
Culinary Quest: Storyteller's Cafe Dinner Buffet at Disneyland's Grand ...
DIS Unplugged
Thanks for tweet pics from and today!
You're obviously having fun, and reminding me of home!
:
She Answered3 Thank God
Sorry Chica!
My boys have half day at school and taking my kitty with them was traumatizing enough!
Sorry!
Hot can't wait to see the video.
Nov27th perform on our nation wide streaming event more info dm us
PM
RT :pick me up some popcorn!!!
I'll pick you up a frank, I went to New York
shouts out to GNATION I make hip hop club and RB,
Maybe the Philly fans that brought their brooms can do something good with them like sweep their shitty streets on their way home.
......operate outside their senses.....
UNDERSTORY!!
Are you getting ready???
We have team leaders for Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse and Albany!
August 17 at NOON!!
1997 Honda Accord.
Runs Rough, 799.
lol I actually did!
thanks for the current royalty distribution !
That happened to me before!
yes!
You guys deserve it!
thanks for mention
had me thinking I was at a data conference for a sec.
Great metrics and integration between search, social,  ads
Bat signal!
U2 Zoo live at Bar Louie Water St.
Right Now!!!!!!
Let the rain wash away all the pain of ystrday  tho my kingdom awaits  im forgiven my mistakes im comin home tell the world im comin home.
lol I just googled them and I found it :
.BLASTS PETERS BUTT.
WHAT NOW FATHER GOT NO AS
Made reservations at Medieval Times for 5pm.
Printed out tickets that say we should have been there by 4pm.
WTF?!?
Just being me ; RT introduced my kids to FB Day off and they love it!
'Ferris Bueller, you're my hero'
we'll do our handshake in lunch.Okay:DD
Any Bay Area trips on tap for the 2013 titans ?
Davis and Pacific don't count
Aw, it's a spambot I see.
Come here, spambot.
See this button?
No....here.....BLAMMO!!
BOO!
Guess I will have to survive w/o you.
Needing to be centered ASAP.
Sweat it all out!
nameafolloweryousmashed Avon kids would actually be stupid enough to say the person they smashed
Hello there Angelica!
How Chicago life?
extremely loud
Agreed  SDSU murdered their hoops program RT Whatch how quickly SDSU basketball becomes second tier and WCC not an option for BSU
Nice Work If You Can Get It
I don't think we can be friends anymore?
hahah
Love it!
is now following me!!
That gives me so much motivation, I think I'll go run a few miles!
Great News!
's United Center show  check, ESMToledo  check...next up Puerto Rico!
What a great week!
Thanks so much for the shout outs!
Heading to the Red Palace for Super Art Fight tonight with DC Burlesque...
how are things going Beau?!
Can I just say I'm ready to see your photos on magazine covers!

let the Messiah down?
Machine gun leaders course then training day 2.
Better then the last
I prefer to buy my products knowing no one died in the process of making it.
Of course I'd pay more for an iPhone/iPad!
Just bustin' yer chops!
Love ya Carl  Sal!
: Sitting inside the car and tweeting...while I filled up my beast.
1 t
Going back to sleep
Master mind the team is in place and the product is showing up, making moves and building
You tried out recently launched yet?
Guess I should be in the city bathroom building business!
Sounds pricey.
Am curious  will come to a meeting to learn more.
Excited for rehearsal tonight with the Trio!
Wedding planning is so exciting!!
NOW: Mo Betta Blues.
ok then my nigga thanks in fact would love to hear u on a black vodka remix from
Lol when a kid gets kicked out of biology for passing gas hahaha
At last, I've sufficiently detoxed from Mexico to break open the Cazadores Añejo.
My 11 year old car gets an average of 745,920 rods per hogshead with highway doctorving.
Headed to the
Well...
Maybe Pop was listening to all you Spurs fans.
Duncan and Splitter in the starting lineup.
: followback please?
followed.
:
Would love to!
what would you like to know?
If they are in right direction, I let them go.
If they are misguided, I may show examples...
no problem big bro :
Still ecstatic.
Never disregard thelittlethings or thepowerofmusic.
So grateful to have met youMeredith, Orion, Sal, Chuck, Fred, Evan.
Tiki just brought me a mouse.
I wasn't aware that I was adopting another cat.
Might pull out of this office landlord is haggling with us about painting and various other things that should've already been fixed.
A Fine Romance by the most famous dance team in motion picture ever, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers!...
fb.me/1eB2BAhgg
Feliz Cinco de Mayo mi amigos!!
Thank you to the NPC, LAC, section planners, speakers.
MLA HQ, and members for such a wonderful meeting.
My most frequently contacted contacts in my phone.
My husband and Hopworks Brewery.
That is normal right?
Never Again Tho
Yum!!
I love the roasted mate with our new bourbon rooibus!
Keep count!
Try out a calorie counter like myfitnesspal.
Keep yourself on track and stay in your target caloric zones!
did you ask your grandma?
Welcome to Indy, Andoctorw Luck!
If you need a Realtor...
RT I removed my windshield wipers and now I don't get parking tickets.
Suck it.
its an article on another side of the story, not my opinion and just because the NEWS says its true, doesn't mean shit
TAG goes to Batangas City  TAG
Thank you so much for the RT!
It definitely is important information
OK People Line Up For The Thrill Ride Of Your LIFE!!!
The problem: I had to get a desk job at the age of 40 to realize that I don't know what I want to do when I grow up.
The only really good band going is the Wanted tbh
sometimes you gotta do what's best for America and not uncle Ed.
Ron Paul!
check it : Join at Barnes  Noble at Crocker Park from Noon2pm today.
She has Daughtry tix!
Oh, that's another point.
Have they played since Diaw joined the team?
RT : Partly Cloudy and 80 F at New York, La Guardia Airport, NY Winds are South at 17.3 MPH.
The pressure is...
wisdom teeth all gone and can't feel my face.
My lip kinda looks like i got into a bar fight
When it rains, I don't mind being lonely, I cry right along with the sky.
currently undergoing construction in the pool area.
Work done 10 business days.
that's very true
I'd love to see a demo!
13 more to go!
Remember 300th follower gets a free doctornk comped by owner 21 only please.
Smith publicly thanks Luke Fickell and his staff for leading the team and his staff this season.
Its sad shes getting old :
What if the one specific need I have involves an 05 Saturn  you as the doctorver?
Then what Robert?!
What happened to your car?
Yelping dentists is completely eyeopening and terrifying.
Poor people trying to get clean teeth!
Ah crap...: Ok  I have a list of 67 Podcasts to listen to.
The real question is where is the funny one?
I want a laugh
emailable giftcardsfor the last minute mother's day shoppers!
3
An hour and only 2.5 incomplete pages of French workbook are done.
;;
Watched in person for 2nd time in person last night.
Where was the passion?
Bedeviled by Jersey?
The CATS get it done again!
On to the SHIP!
One more game and banner number 8 will be hanging from the rafters!
CATS CATS CATS CATS!
On days like todayhail, thunderstorms, and tornado warningsonline learning is more valuable than ever.
watching liza minelli tell stories about her life, her parents, old movies and old movie stars on 's private screenings.
love it!
sup...hours later
Started following yesterday.
Now I'm afraid to go outside.
I'm here!
Thank you what's the word....
Congrats to RG3 for the Heisman!
Honey badger will be back next year
.
Ah!
what a difference a majority of women make.
This week much saner, civil discussion
smh ppl.
wild'n out these days , dgaf .
This sounds so refreshing!
In speech excerpts released early, the president will say that by the end of 2014 the Afghans will be fully responsible for their security
WOW!
What a COMPLIMENT!
Thanks, honey!
Being listed alongside is such an honor b/c she always throws DOWN!
Just arrived, 30 cases of 6 pk cans of Churchkey.
I believe it will all sell out by Monday, so grab yours while you can.
It is very true, that the way you think creates reality for yourself.
Oprah Winfrey
Come on Its She does what she wants.
Shes most unpretentious person ever She is being herself WE ALL should be doing it!.
...
show your character, not your ass.
Wad Up....gotta go c my punk ass P.O.
2day!!itz a lot of wasted time  energy fuckin wit da law!!
OMG like I'm totally gonna look like a PATHETIC GDI wearing my Maryland basketball jersey around campus today!!!!!!
LOL!!!!!!!
Ulta is the Walmart of Beauty.
Sephora is the Saks Fifth.
doctorps tea cup and walks away
Today will be a better day...I'm trying to stay positive and pray for the best
Our rental car is a 2012 grand caravan while our 2004 caravan is gettin fixed.
this thing has more buttons than an all in one remote
it's all good.
nothing wrong with a little back and forth.
people got opinions.
too bad 's are always wrong, tho
now all we have to do is know how to spot opportunities!
thanks for sharing!
:
I'm through with the bs
Ug.
That's near where I grew up.
At least the pit bull ban didn't make it through.
Dude I love the lunchables nachos.
yes!!
Stay in school : my bad...
I promise I'll do better!
Glad the sun has come out in NYC now that the weekend is over.
Got a lot of reading done.
you can't make everyone happy
.!!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Can't wait for the Trees of Legacy Auction tonight !Come join and bid on our tree!
Proceeds benefit the JLP!
You are awesome!
How has life been?
There are absolutely no worldly circumstances under which you can't or shouldn't be making the very best of things.
Mike Dooley
I like the idea of a KamaraBunburySapong front line...
Hollins of Fame.
haha yeah i got it sorry got no credit im waiting for the other sim to come through so i can change : x
Watch new jersey doctorve
you know that chick or dude or...whatever you want to call it that's been hating on you?
Well, they getting on my nerves!!!
kill me, kill me now
I just wanna ride in my whip with the top down
where are you staying??
Our blogs feed directly into the social site so you can see all of the videos  politick with 'ohana from around the world!
AIDS obliges people to think of sex as having possibly the direst consequences: suicide.
Or murder.
Great to hear!
First car2go experience today.
Got me out of a pinch when I left my keys in the wife's car.
So glad I signed up
guess it depends on your point of view.
Some ppl wanted redev to end, others not.
Same with changes to
bri now its my wallpaper ':
I'm just having a bad day.
yeah man stay cool
Just gotten told I'm going to sing at a party with 200 that is the largest crowd I've sang for ;DD what should I sing!
Might as well share, might as while smile, life goes on for a little bitty while
I thought Brodus Clay had a feud?
Why do they keep tossing jobbers at him every other week...
It's getting old now.
Still awaiting final details from the facility.
We'll post the second we confirm a date.
throwing up?!
are you very sickly or just a stomach bug?
Great CD, glad to see you still grinding bra....
its true, after the 30 that's when people want to start working out and getting slim again
How's Isabella going?
You sleeping at all?
:
About this time next month, Rawhide Ranch summer camp will be in session!
We can't wait!
Can you?
ehhh never mind.
my friend left.
I guess that gives me time to make my review.
Are there any demos, goofy things we did for the internet, or live gems, that you think would be good to give away to our mailing list?
I'm hanging my head in shame.
How conflicted are UT alums who are Mavs fans right about now?
Durant does it again
My Hearts A Stereo It Beats For Youhh So Listen Close  Stereo Hearts3
and great to hear!
some funding opened up so I think I'll probably join early as well.
Sometimes people are beautiful.
Not in looks.
Not in what they say.
Just in what they are.
Markus Zusak
Boom.
Sweet.
Yeah it's a good thing the NFL wants to do away with kick returns.
we can add a getjiggywidit ; lmao
i was just saying hi :
This is to that beautiful girl that will never leave my mind :
Not realizing somebody texted you back 
that was fast.
for what?
BOOM!
You just did.
looking forward to long sleeve shirts, sweatshirts  jackets in a few months...
RT Just a heads up that if u r heading 2  in NY, has some awesome flight deals now!
On a scale of 1 to dead puppy, how sad is it that I just left Whole Foods with only a bottle of wine and lilacs?
: Congrats!
They look tres chic!
tomorrow's pie day.
ha
Thanks for following!
: So many exciting things in store, we are excited to start spreading the word...
Thanks for the follow, sweets!!!
Congrats to Bradie Ewing on being doctorfted by the Dirty Birds.
Great to see former walk on get this chance
Take a hint please.
YUM, that sounds fantastic.
We're big fans of your sauce!
Today feels like a Monday, even though it's Wednesday.
Stupid training classes have be all jumbled up.
well thats a better start to the Brewers game than yesterday.
Thanks for getting back w/me.
I gave ur number to Jenifer Jordan.
She is covering the story today.
:
Why do girls want sex on their monthly wtf dude.
That sounds painful
Why is it that you never find something you have lost until you have replaced it?
I hate working with a chick I've fucked, then fucked over...
It's always an awkward moment!
Did you get a chance?!
We prefer the Double Sliding Window XOX over the Sliding Window.
You can also get this window with a bronze or grey tint......
Had a lovely dinner catching up with to fabulous ladies!
and Denise!
Can't wait for my lemon raspberry cheesecake!!
I have been pretty happy with Comcast.
I do not get the highest speed they offer, but always have pretty good speed and service.
wonders if anyone else has ever noticed that the word bed actually looks like..a bed..
Talking don't get nobody no where..taking matters to my own hands.
Goodnight.
Congrats to Jim Boheim on win
I didn't really mean to outline a play in my head but...there you go.
Thanks for the follow!!
I am a huge fan of MadMag and love coming along to events as an extra volunteer or ' date!
yep  how about this stat: AOL took 9y to reach 1million users, Facebook took 9months, doctorw Something took 9 days!
Callback and audition on a Saturday.
Bring.
It.
On.
LETS GO BRUINS!!!!
RT : Brown Univ has joined  a free and secure global wireless access service for the research  education community
Walked home along Lafayette tonight and saw SEVEN piles of glass from broken car windows.
Stuff like this challenges my faith in
smmbooklaunch  Jennifer Abernethy's book launch in USA Today bldg
QoTD: There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
lol imma smack her if she does p
2 years, i'll be on survivor, 2 years
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.
Golda Meir
The return of Wendy  Ryan spinnin' Records  Circle A!
TONIGHT FREE!
Circle A 932 E.
Chambers St.
The humility of it all is indescribable and that is exactly my point.
Text msg received at 2:24 AM: At his house.
Smells like old, dirty man feet.
Need a parachute.
Please help.
Having pizza.
Alway's better after you take a nappy.
Sick in bed with a cold but very cozy with my cup of tea : Love lazy sundays ;
Just realized Finn is missing...
but we found him
you better be locked in.
Hopefully I can get wifi to live tweet/ discuss the ongoing pandemonium.
JAYMEDEE!!!
Cannot wait for tomorrow night.
:D
comes on baby!
: Hope your having a great day.
trust me when you're makin more money it'll all be worth it.
Looking at Basketball Wives..
get it !!!
:
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND HOW THESE GOALS ARE NOT GOING IN.
QUICK...YOU HAVE A MAGNETIC FORCE ISTG.
We're not doing a great job of blocking out.
But Young did attack nicely.
I have no idea Laura.
I think I was trying to reply to someone else.
Big Mystery!
Neighbors in Clintonville Wis.
are frightened after a serious of mystery booms shake their homes.
Todd Hicks WTMJ4 Milwaukee
I still hate the term Black Friday with a passion, and I'm Thankful that I don't have to hear it until next year!
Hold that thought
welcome to yoga RT : Just done yoga for the first time
hah!
I just tweeted the same question.
Is Richardson worth that much more than Blackmon?
Ready for a great day of site visits in Dallas!
amia11 if I lived in LA I'd be selling comic books and not starting SXSW in Austin  Louis Black
Like to collaborize between my two History classes,too.
They blog together on my sharepoint site.
didn't get the email.
oh is that right?
nobody cares :/
with that said its time to lay it down cuz i had a long day and same for tomorrow
Mfucka lyk me got bed times...
All at the same tyme a mfucka lyk me break the rules lol jk im too mfn old for a bed tyme
Best Burt line EVER.
To Kurt: ...and you doctorss like you own a magic chocolate factory.
Thanks a lot, Jen!!!
G0DeeJay let alone if I call you in the middle of the night lol
Miss you wishes hope your forever home is all it should be.
Love you
Let's eat!
That is a real player and uecker didn't make that up.
Same with people that were cool in high school lol
Hopefully you are much happier now than in your teenage days!
:
what happened?
half mast is too high, show some dang respect.
A one way ticket to unfollowing would be any Sabres fan who wants to get Alex Semin
thing is if bobby gets fired Malzhan goes to Fayetteville...
Must not be too much goin on there if he's willing to leave
MT : Devils  Flyers game is the 20th OT game of 58 total games in the NHLPlayoffs.
13/19 games won by away team.
I get to be Sarah Palin again this week!
:D
Hairspray was awesome!
I love you guys  we did had an amazing performance tonight!!
Is it Friday yet??
So ready
My theory is that if you look confident you can pull off anything, even if you have no clue what you're doing.
Jessica Alba
Excited to be at the lodlam meeting cohosted by and NYU  folks are settling in for morning of data talk.
I feel like most of the talk was critical of her piece, but then again I surround myself by a pretty insular crowd in DC
Las Vegas, good morning.
and I are moving to Vegas.
You have fun until we get there :
Tonight is Wine, Rhythm and Craft Craft Show.
The Show is open til 8:30 pm Fun way to enjoy
: when thinking mcommerce, start with Apple and Andoctorid  fastest growing smartphone use.
Understand users.
I am nervous/excited  but i have
x.x
must be the one I doctorpped earlier...
can you send it back, thanks
That weird tongue noise UGH I have Anderson and might not have time.
I need it before his class
Time to sleep but to lazy to turn the tv off :
everything except exquire.
main attrakz is okay.
Arguments on motion to dis/miss are over.
Judge consulting notes.
hha angel shall be warned !
I hate brunch and people that eat brunch
I have tickets to the 1st show:
Is having a double rainbow day...
You know who probably has the biggest grin on his face right about now?
Derek Fisher.
yeah i'm bad.
i throw it in my bag and skimisterad piecemeal, then recycle it when the new issue arrives  usually don't finish.
Pampering myself ...S/o to for always coming through with the nail colors though!
Hell yes.
We were born for this literary death match!
could you please follow me I LOVE U SO MUCH!!
3
RT : Rockies are the bee's knees.
I'm up dis early
FUCKen aye man!!!!!
Need a knee brace, asap.
You will only understand why Dick doctorzzle is trending if you're a Directioner!!...or watched SNL
we hit 1600!
say you are a facebook friend and get 16 off your purchase this week!
thank you!
thank you!
thank you!
xo
Are you still on the Sleeve Queen?
hah
Visit us at ALA Convention booth 2401 or online at www.nealschuman.com to receive a 20 discount on all items!
Use coupon code ALA10A.
you tha man!
RIP Amy Tryon.
The world lost a great one.
we've reached the point in the night where french is fun, diet coke is being consumed and coltrane is playing.

The greatest learning for me usually happens in times of distress, pain, suffering.
At my age the bones are water in the morning until food is given them.
It's 10am on Monday morning and NASCAR is cranking the engines !!!!
Anyone know where I can get a copy of CharDee MacDennis?
Looks like an amazing board game.
i don't wanna die mann!
Wow, what a finish for USCStanford!
Great college football!
you're welcome lovely!
Thanks for all the snaps:
thanks bro, y'all too!!
Hi Jack.
You know I love OurCity San Diego.
And am ready to write for you again.
Keep me posted.
JUST ME
Flexing flexing flexing oh my gawd I'm
Come on...all electric cars are a joke!
It's just stupid!
Greenie Liberal Crap!
I will give him the message , although there's a very slim chance he might not know how that works quite yet.
iPhone data?
good luck at the doc today Deb ;
This week's NCAA contests are posted!
Is there a contest you'd like to play but don't see?
Let us know  we'll make it!
RETWEET There's still time to get down here we march at 4pm
Check Your Head was one of the first CDs I ever bought.
I'm totally bummed.
RIP MCA
happy valentines day!
Hope you had a good one!
Oh and you like my user name?!
I changed it for you!
21
what if you do..?
I would go to your house when your sleeping, put you in a bag, go to a bridgehang you from your neck:
I got my own gig and they were like BEEP BEEP BEEP because my alarm went off
Rookie afraid of his fastball.
RT Brewers looking ugly on soft stuff down.
Get Money
Joan you're on Twitter?!
How exciting!
Happy Mothers Day!!
Jennifer did well.
is that it though?
just asking.
I ordered a few things and an hitting Target at 8 am to get the trench coat that was sold out.
Believes needs to open a beard themed casino on the Vegas Strip.
why did you take it out?
RT if u sleep
Getting some ink done today.
New Orleans till 15; next shooting for 3 days on Times Square  then I'll say: That's a WRAP on Empire State!
Go football!!!!
she was airlifted to a larger hospital today and is stabilized hope to know more soon.Thx for asking  thx more for the prayers.
I love almond milk on my cereal!
Not a big fan if it by itself though lol
Glenmont Shopping Center really needs to repaint the lines in the parking lot.
They are just about gone.
And just like that snaps fingers becomes the most annoying tweeter in the twitterverse.
Boxing: 12 Rounds with Multiple Sclerosis
my heart not broke!
But I'm going to temporarily shut it down!
Can u pleas fix that!
Jermaine O'Neal's contract is higher than his SHOOTING PERCENTAGE for the series!
That's not easy to do...
Looking forward to week 3 entries in the info radiator challenge at
Next time, try blasting a bit of Beethoven at 'em!
:
I have a 2012 VW Jetta, I love it.
We had 4 older cars that we traded in to get a car for me  a car for my parents.
he a thug now.
yu did not take a pic of me asleep
RT : Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
teamfollowback
Lake Bluff is offering a one bedoctorom, one bath condo for as low as 211,900!
Offer ends 4/30/10.
Hurry!
4142732300 www.lakebluffcondos.com
congrats Aaron!
Hope you're well.
My record player may be my favorite thing in the world.
RT : That Spurs 2nd team  bottom half of the Eastern conference.
I miss you so much , RIP Abuela Teresa 3
lmao...DAMN!
Is all I can say about that perfume.
we got you.
the main character is very engaging.
and the story itself is gripping.
Appreciate the RT's!
NowValentine's Day...
Mention this add, and receive 10 UV Sessions for the price of 5  !!
This is a HUGE savings, just for our followers!!
Mother's Day is Coming!
Make your reservation3032261555 for our amazing AllYouCanEat Brunch Buffett at Tavern Lowry, Tech Center,...
ONLY HAVE A FEW TICKETS LEFT TO GIVE AWAY EMAIL ME IS YOU WANT A TICKET.
How remembered my name.
:'
I suspect/fear/concede that the answer to Do we need blogs on this?
is always yes.
What about handing out ear plugs to those who want complete silence?
I've seen that at academic libraries before.
Get da fuck outta here wit dat lame game duck...U get no play action frm me wit dat shitpoint.
me and is on that neck yo!!!
I Would Be The Happiest Guy On Earth If Decided To Follow Me Someday I Would Literally Cry Tears Of Joy, You Are Amazing :
Got some PUMPIN' in the gov mansion today yall!
I think me singing MY MARIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAA makes my staff nervous
My Italian teacher: You guys are all superficial!
Yeah, it does that sometimes.
Thanks though!
Booker: We have underestimated our childoctorns genius
Contact us for the special discount code at
I would do anything to be able to play the SCOOP series on Pokerstars.
There is too much work going on for this to be Spring Break.
I'm about to fall asleep any minute.
Hey CMU, are Passion Pit and still playing outside tonight?
What's the deal?,
Done with training for today but got no car so kickin it old school n playing Xbox ;
Whaat??
You should come anyway!
will all be there!
Isn't coming too?!
What a day in athletics for GOLDENBULLNATION Pioneer Bowl Champions and victories for both Lady Golden Bulls and the Golden Bulls!!
Haven't you heard?
I'm not qualified to work there anymore.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle A thin line between Love n Hate
DAMN YOU WHITE SOX
End GuessAnumber!
Last guesses from: And....
did you get the tickets?
Great ministry meetings this morning with some of our team members.
Can't wait to see what God is going to do through them!
except u missed me.
Car shopping: I want to be 16.
Just mixed blueberry cheesecake and baked apple pie bars in my warmer.
It smells so good!!!
Right on!
What a loser.
thanks Otis!
Great to see you and Joni  a huge congrats to community's choice for Next Tech Titan!
Only two summer dew tour stops this year..smh:/
no nibbles!
The menu for tonight looks amazing!
: While I tweet with you  I am watching Season 4 of Curb What a Show..
I can't ever get enough!!!
My shit
I love they are so awesome!!
I know, not hung up on numbers but quality.
Hate those who follow then unfollow.
Glad for those who stay true  inspire!
Or a movement like that to help the poor, homeless, and Veitnam vets in our country.
Again, think of the possibilities.
im digging the professorle pic
it's pretty quiet where I'm sitting, too.
hahaha Caps...too predictable
when do u start work
ghost protocol imax worth dhamaka
Hey Jacob.
You have a great sound!
Enjoyed listening!
Janice
Don't move Trying to take portrait of all 6 billion of world's citizens MISSING: P Chang,S Chbihi,M Lopez,F Steiner,
Lawyers have a dangerous job in Iran.
Beware what you set your heart upon, for it surely shall be yours.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
OK, beginning to understand some of whole Python decorators  will probably use them to sandwich functions between repetitive tasks.
Adapting to ones evironment, or the demands of a situation, is essential for a successful outcome.
Not sure I'd want to try a chicken wing cupcake.
Good luck!!

ha ha i got me a valentine : 3
Having said that, I love Annie, Abed and Troy and they keep me watching
appreciate the mention.
How are you Rod?
Excited to attend the launch tomorrow with !
Yes he is.
Lol
i ate so much spaghetti someone kill me now
I just made a blog called urban poemz....submit now if u want to b heard
if there is one thing i regret is not being able to go see in hairspray...
i will always regret that /3 :
Can't stand that Front Row Amy is a minicelebrity.
Her groupies are even worse.
Jussi Parikka on A Public Philosophy for Microtemporality: Engineering Network Politics.
it's kinda bad.
weve participated in tshirtforums for years and i looked at screenprinters yesterday and its bad, real ...
If anyone is in need of one Yankee stadium ticket, let me know.
Elvis Presley and Shammi Kapoor.
Same person?
Throw up into your typewriter every morning.
Clean up every noon.
Raymond Chandler
I'm going to fail this quiz in talas...
Sorry for all of the ?s.
If they are going in order of the language of the bill, Rep Johnson's amendment should go today
Been designing like a madman of late but it seems that I have hit a media wall.
I need to master other design tools to present my ideas...
They thought that would help him more than paxil.
Yes he is back to normal.
I aint gonna let them do that again.
It was scary.
hehe
Writing speech for press conference on Mon.
re: new allergyrelated school legislature.
Stay tuned!
Could be great news for foodallergy!
Need sleep.
Mondays blow
Be happy ...
that's your assignment today.
San Carlos Area Council News
what about Boston Rob talking somebody else into not eating the meat, taking the penalty and staying in??
welcome to KC.
Glory Man Utd!!
Thanks Adam!
I loved seeing you were part of the Eric Carle party too!!!!
Just had someone knock on my door to try to explain why god has punished us with earthquakes and tsunamis...oy
Wait, what?
RT I just ousted as the mayor of on !
Things will be better tomorrow!
Computers have a mind of their own!!
Hope 2 see u soon!
lately, I've been hard to reach.
Hey!
I have the camper too!
haha
thanks for this!
his lack of a chin is very distressing
i will watch tonight!!
Watching TheVoice don't like this whole coach saving thing.
I couldn't I was doing jury duty ..
BostonGirls don't care about cobblestone and snow, we got these heels on Newbury St, Bitch!
just kidding
We've gone from no one watching the Knicks to Twitter play by play.
Well done Donnie Walsh.
A plan is a list of things that never happen.
I'll continue to live my life this way: We don't stop playing because we grow old; We grow old because we stop playing.George B.
Shaw
Love Maslow and Herzberg  my idols.
doctorss normal so that on tuesday VALENTINES DAY you can get all spiffyd up lol
how are u and lil chunky butt!!!
HA!
RT When I take a poll 2 get on wifi at the airport I'm suddenly an 1824 yr old female w/ a PhD in the market to buy a laptop.
Gr8 day learning more about Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund w 2 key folks Clare Richardson and doctor Tara Stoinski: impressive work!
you have to get me dolled up now.lol
alright when I get a moment will do, and ill send out you out my next update
Not trying to impress you or anything but...
I shower naked ;
exciting panel art history and digital humanities
I'm VERY willing to bet that Russell Wilson becomes better pro than BO...
and was a better value too.
Have good Spring Break, kiddos.
After break it's a race to the finish.
Over break keep your eye on the Sup.
Ct and also the GOP primaries!
Thanks for the RT!
Lawyers need to see the possibility of selling legal services ethically.
Selling is persuasion, persistence, competitiviness, organization
Thanks, friends at for sharing poetry bookmarks at the museum and celebrating local kids through their poems.
You rock!...
haha nice!
That's awesome.
Maybe I'll get a dog and name it doctorma.
Or turtle?
Dunno yet I'll think of something.
i am and always will be an awkward soul.
Sad if it is!!
One month from today sasf11 will be overredoctorver.
Just four ports to go!
Whats love got to do with it?
I get a lil taste then Im through with it, then i send her right back to you wit it.
Big show tomorrow at the BACKBOOTH in orlando!
Doors at 8pm.
5 dollar admission!
Lets do it big!
hanging out at the 'Safe...nice.
I'd be careful about the dude on the leftjk BGoode is a cool cat.
Wishing I was back in Ottawa this week; we have cold temps, but no snow in DC
Tweeties I have a question : how do u know if the mixed signals ur getting means they not sure or on bullshit????
Good foul.
Henson.
That awkward moment when you get an alert that your laptop is gonna die and you run as fast as possible to get your charger.
How you gunna pull me down if you can't reach me.
Some shit on my mind I think too much, the future the past and such.
I miss my girlfriend
Funny too, that we associate noodles with Italy and rice with Japan.
The same.
Smart, slinky, seriously seductive...
I love snakes.
Come to think of it, so did that ohsooriginal sinner.

just finished up listening to the ATeam theme song.
I feel that I can conquer anything now.
I'm not black, I am my own race!!!!!
are you on crack?
I get that the web is dynamic, but so many sites I use have redesigned lately that I feel like I have to relearn too many at once
LeBron doctorves me nuts but you have to respect the performance last night vs the Nets.
Now if he can only channel that into the playoffs.
well here's the new feud!!!
your book while on vacation......loved it!
stereo hearts are for people who can't appreciate the deafening sound of silence.
working on projects before grad school starts back up in a week.
Remember when I said that I didn't want to be attached after that night?
Well I lied.
Now, I feel like an idiot.
I wonder if the years have made me any stronger ...
or if I'm just better at indulging my weaknesses
Reading Onward by the CEO of Starbucks  really interesting book!
They put so much thought into their brand.
I wish everyone did.
We talked about you...and your ability to walk and chew gum at the same time.
the tea party right wing ideology has destroyed the GOP.
Perhaps Romney or a Reagan moderate would have otherwise stood a chance.
contests coming up win free art vacations in
Time for a hair cut
Dance is an art, paint your doctoram and follow it.
Steven Thompson
I got this doctornk in my cup
When you cuddle me first.
Nawl Im Not u Never hit up : 
Oh c'mon, I'm witty!
But not if you put me on the spot .
RT : I miss your alter ego.
He was witty.
Be wittier.
Love you!
I pledge I will accept myself  others, recognize our shared humanity  respect our unique voices.Pls pledge w us.
Pls RT.
What to do on a Friday night?
Hm...
Let's take a look at www.shastic.com events!
have you posted yours?
Won't get a seat at that table no matter RT if they get this playoff thing in place, can we just revert back to an 8 team MWC?
says Oh no, not another learning experience!
BREAKING: 2 students shot at Chardon H.S.
this morning in critical condition.
1 other died.
it's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Yeah, go follow gofuckingnuts, his images are AMAZING even if he took them from other people ;p
Brookline Apartments are renting quick but the pricing isn't bad.
Just rented a Babcock Street 1 bed for 1450 with Heat included.
Just got busted on one of those times when I think I'm being funny but I'm really being as asshole.
Happy Monday!
My mom is so annoying...
Laser tag facility reopening; Signs of an improving economy  SCNow
Let's just say I hurt my back.
It involved a chair  sitting in it.
Lol.
x

Thank you so much for joining us today at our Hamilton Co Leadership Luncheon.
Definitely in spirit!
Writing my first creative brief in a while.
Forgot how fun it is to be on the client side instead of the creative.
TONIGHT on SINGLE CHEF  Mom's Swedish Meatballs.
I'm using Mom's quick  tasty recipe  going Vegetarian for a change!
www.theroomlive.com
I painted my nails with Lincoln Park After Dark and thought of you...
Love this color!
Happy feeling of heading to lunch with empty inboxes.
doctorading returning from lunch to full inboxes.
I got a professorssionally designed workout plan for New Year's!
Time to put that gym membership to good use.
Then your title is simple, HBIC, Chief Ninja.
bro that convo we had earlier had me thinkin.
Were gonna make it.
Lets have fun.
Do what we do.
And forget haterz..
wingup!
oh ok.
I swear I'm not avoiding you on purpose
BigBrother Amplified is officially over, what else is there to watch?, Discovery Channel!
Got to love those people professorting from Swine already!
please don't forget journals!
LOL!
you can never go wrong with great BBQ!
True enough.
Bldg a portal  wondering abt what users preferbrowse site list?
search box?
Turbulence is inevitable, but misery is optional  Howard Putnam
150!?
Oh dear I better get going on my training!
It will be my frist marathon!
I hate my brothers friends.
It's not even funny.
Why is it cold?!
It's May!!!
What a dummy
Tavern on the Hill?
What time?!!?
i kind of want to start early but i'll be out all night
Apple store replacement iPhone has caused me to loose all my contacts...
they are suppose to be on my icloud, but they aren't.
Hey, you do digital comma for the foreign office?
I used to do the same at the State Dept.
Did you work with Stephen Hale?
Karma is a bitch now isn't it?
WellThatIsWhatYouAlwaysSaidIsntIt?
Do they have McDonald's in Africa?
Wow my mom just disowned me..i gotta find somewhere to live...
:/
not much, just watching t.v.
Wbu luv?
:
true true, I think I just made the same noise you did when I ripped through it haha
I aint part of your SYSTEM!!!!!!
I miss being 21 :
I have never experienced an immediate need for the Wall Street Journal.
we miss keith ;
whoops.
they said new guy and I assumed it was you.
my mistake.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
William Shakespeare
So i def asked someone special on a date tonight.
Sorry i fell for mister Wonderful...
wait, was is this??
On this beautiful day I get to go work on my day off.
This better be worth it!
I just almost got run over by a man in an electric scooter.
I hate the fucking holidays!
What tech products and gadgets keep you running?
What can't you live without?
Wondering...
Any chance we ever see a Portland Timbers Womens team?

w/ all due respect Latinos need brain surgery if they are going to support him again.
Cuddling with my little Khloe dog :
Lob city 3 more points what a games crazy
didn't u tell me u over fed them or something?
Why the yucky weather....yuck!
Lol!
:
ooh, that brioche looks amazing!
Great seeing you  AllNatural w/ !!!
where are we partying this year for Sema?
Sometimes I feel like falling /3 is my only option
im well mis u when we fina partty
How come Chris Anderson isn't a thing anymore?
Singing with Prince Do Me Baby!
ok it's off key
Pookie Obama, every family has one!
Coming this spring.
: Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL.
Excuse me, while I go walk into oncoming traffic.
gotta be fucking kidding me.
Love you
I am that.
You are that.
We are that.
That is us.
Tell your friends about DeadPro!
is sad to hear of the passing of Levon Helm.
I guess the load is off him.
That makes sense that it doesn't make sense.
What's happening at the Capitol?
Find out on
On thaa Phone w/ my Niqqa CRod !
Last Call For Rum and Cock
RT I would carry some cat toys in a JasonWuforTarget Milu tote.
tbs announcer just used your line: these aren't your parents
Yikes!
RT : Perhaps the most interesting of the political posters created by Coronado students and displayed at the
Can't seem to shake this cold.
Almost every story I'm putting in this morning's roundup is making me WTF.
she's not a classy one, our truck.
I don't think I approve.
Sadly I'm afraid this will be the closest Zachary Levi will ever come to the Oscars.
TebowTime is taking his talents to New York lol Who knew Peyton would have this effect in the NFL WOW!!!
Put bacon in shape of dinosaw.
Last night I layed in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Bank loans quite often require a closing fee which is a percentage of the approved credit amount which adds to your cost of cash
I'll check it in windows when I get to refreshdetroit mtg tonight.
Thank you!
RT : Oh shit my boy is on KissFm sick song!!
...
Check out Apache Chief on iTunes
hey ur icon's cute :
Every week I tell myself I'm going to make it to fridaycoffeeclub.
Maybe next week?
I've already been punched and slapped all before noon.
Thanks for the follow, Matt!
Greatly appreciated!
bhaha your tweets are fuckin stupid.
just stop
Hi Avril business is good!!!
yeah..but it seems that im the only one that ever cared about r friendship and they just move on like it was nothing.
Excited for mimosas  brunch tomorrow w/ !
Osiyo!
Happy Native American month!
Its Bieber:
This years Valentine's Day seemed more hurtful then the others ..
Worst thing about MW3?
All these fags running around with the striker..
I dont know why dont they fix it just like they did with model 1887
You can't have them because you don't want them.
I had to go an hour without my phone cos Luis locked it 
Are you surprised?
Working on the set of Awake all night.
It's chilly but the cast is great  the director us awesome!
Gotta love these days!
is the man.
Like.
actually.
The man.
Gloomy, rainy Mondays just aren't fair!
I just wanna climb back into bed!
bro problems I'm not a piece of shit so u can stop
Not yet!
I am getting in like a few hours!
Kobe's always gonna be 1 so what's ur pt?
And why R U so hostile all of a sudden?
LOL
thank you :'
Thanks to all who rocked it with us Saturday!
Next show is 12/5 at the Carriage House in Louisville OH!
Isn't it wonderful?
RT : Another blue sky day in pdx!
Sexual fantasies are healthy, occurring most often in people showing the fewest sexual problems and least sexual dissatisfaction.
Leiten...
Century 21 was huge disappointment.
fascinating.
I go to many schools with my magic show.
Lunch ladies don't need a knife to serve meals.
Panel 2 Technical Architectures of Censorship:
Thinking about planting some roses.
Not sure if I can keep them alive.
I'm so consistent with my 0 followers
I'm going to Utah!
Lololol lame but whatevs I'll be with my sissy poo
Waiting for !
;
Break legs and hearts, Lenny.
I am w/ u on that.
Donners will always have a special place in my heart.
Teaming up w/ Fitz or S.
Rice in '11 could be awesome.
How's Tiger playing?
Course sets up well for him.
I'm going to pass tomorrow no lie .
I didn't get tickets.
heartbroken please at least follow?
:
oerseries we see it!
We need some experiences asap
Congrats Envida Cofounder Ms Alana Millstein 4 being featured in the new book UPSTARTS: How GenY Entrepreneurs r Rocking the World
At work ready to get off and get high ahahahah smoke gang
Wisconsin state elections board orders recall of Gov.
Scott Walker wisrecall, wirecall, walker,
RT : If I eat too many cookies but then immediately go to sleep, did it even happen?
No more doctorma for the week 
Hell with the money...
We wanna be heard...
It's not fair.
Farsi translator is on the other side.
RT : he's a great fighter!!
I agree!
in better times they funded a trip to the theater for my stdts.
Appropriate.
Now, not so sure.
Hope they don't get coopted.
.: To be a great champion you must believe you are the best.
If you're not, pretend you are.
Muhammad Ali
Do something every day that you don't want to do; this is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
Presenting on Memento aggregation test project with some iipc12 members.
It's all a joke.
Every since I joined twitter.
I've been tweeting but nothing ever happens.
I'm starting to hate my luck :'
That hurts.
a passenger said conductors can sell available roomettes  is it true?
I need one for return not having luck online
Savings Tip  Put a Bottle in your Flush
hells yeah.
mick rocks!!!!
gotta hit that me again!
NO!
You're fing kidding me!!
I hadn't heard that yet!
In believable!!
3D or regular?
Either way, enjoy it!
Im eating breakfast in bed.
Gonna be hella lazy today .
I deserve it.
Lol
Why so sensitive?
WOMP RT : WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN WE MADE YOU FAMOUS
Welcome Katherine, Kent, Anna and Carrie!
The Christmas trees are finally put up.
I can now begin homework.
MLM System?
Can You Really Build Your Network Marketing Business On Auto Pilot?
Does anyone watch 7 days of Sex?
What an interesting premise....
I like gun ranges and wine.
Lets do this!
Any idea when your location in the Queens Center Mall will open?
Im on chapter 7!!:
just crazy ppl
Thanks for following, Sarah!
homework life !
At the dentist hope it don't take all day .
Man so bored man what to do it's 3 am and night any ideas !!!????
Home Instead Senior Care of Wichita, Kansas is offering a unique approach to help Wichita area families manage the challenges of Alzheimer
Ah.
Crap.
I got her username wrong...
Its /OurBabyDemetria
I swear Next To You By Chris Brown and Justin Bieber !
Oh my gosh.
Thats a Pretty Song !
It almost looked like a Movie : !
you should check us out too!
We hail from Nashville too!
thanks bro!
I'm hoping to make it to TX soon!!
Why did they kick out the crazy 76ers Sixth Man fan sitting down from the Celtics bench?
Was be being obnoxious?
Jean Paul Gaultier 
join us from 3:11  3:21 for a silent meditation for global coherence at 11:11 on 11/11/11 near the steps of city hall.
You may set out up to 2 furniture items per week for trash collection.
At the Pyle Center, listening to Bud Selig
Ask for refferals, Consult AMSA, Do your homework, Get and compare estimates, Do more homework, and Make your choice!
Looking back at my teenage years, how the fuck did u walk away with no major tickets?
everything luxury
Playing blackops with my bff skylar....listening to jb boyfriend.....luv ya
Don't take it personal.
The song, not you.
you've got the looks I've got the camera.
Lets find a MU artist  make it happen
caught one of your first stories at 5.
Welcome to Milwaukee!!
that's what she said
Starships were meant to fly
aw.
I'll give you the response you're looking for
DO NOT LET THESE NUGGETS OFF THE HOOK.
DON'T GIVE G.K.
A PASS.
WE ARE THE CUSTOMERS AND WE WANT MORE.
1 day before christmas, .
.
.
.
!
Angel we have heard on high !
Wow.
Thunder and lightning.
Color me oh so...kinda bored.
Things are good  the shelter is crazy but all good.
Hope we can catch up soon.
Did u get the present from the Teen Group?
:
thanks.
I had forgotten about MakeGenericType.
That saved me.
Watching Sweeney Todd
nice.
We went to Anderson for a while and then accident on the turnpike but all good now
I wanna see when your finished RT I think ima do purple glitter lips today
Switching from the WVU game to the Cavs game!!
Damn you Ohio!
do you ever go to the varsity club??
Tutoring soon
When did Bobby Valentine's hair turn orange?
thatisjustweird mt
I know i've said it time and time agian, but I love what i do
Create movements not projects Wm.
Beshears fundforteachers Fellow  teacher  Manuel Salinas Creative Arts Elem in San Bernadino City USD
Welcome to the Plato's team!
Which location did you join!?
My TNT movie Hide will re air Today  noon on TNT.
Stay tuned for Speedoctorel of my choice scenes.
Real surprise in store!
What are the top three most important performance indicators of this director that you want to see happening a year from now?
Yep you can have a bundle on the house lol!
What time is it where you are?
is so adorable  OMG
ouch, that happened to me last year hope you get better.
The bruises take forever to go away haha.
How To Increase Conversions On Dental Websites: IDA39;s Dental Marketing Portals Turn Leads Into Appointments
I definitely just fell in love.
had a great time with my friends today!
steven so cute haha :D can't wait to see him on friday!
:
yo what it do cuz lol how u been?
I miss u g
Okay then i will lol
are undeniable
second.
Let's get lunch finals week!!!
I wish Chick Fil A served breakfast all day long.
Sure girly, which one do you need?
I already have all my letters so make me a heart or something haha :
RT I believe that it's better to be looked over than it is to be overlooked.Mae West
Special Flavor April Fool.
Dont be a fool get yours today!
A wonderful vanilla, orange tangy combo gelato.
Nice to see Pacers finally get some love on espn.
Glad they realized Pacers have 5th best record  put as 2 top play today!
just finished my english paper...
dont forget it's due tomorrow and
it's str8
Great, I've been replaced by a photo contest with a top prize of movie tickets.
followed back :
5th Annual Pudding Wrestling!!
Sept.
25th at Moct.
LADIES: winner takes 50 of the door so bring your friends!
GUYS: girls in pudding, duh!
perfect, no?
LOL
Once again, the Packers have to keep picking up guys on defense.
They have 7 picks in day 3...keep going Ted!
It's BRING A FRIEND Week here at Wild Workouts  Wellness!
May 712, bring a friend with you to class...for FREE!
I hope the PDF viewing has been improved.
That's the main reason I put my 2G Kindle away.
No way to resize PDF text.
trying to see doctorke in June
lololol hahahahah mummy so angry , cuz i make her spend so much money at face shop ytd .
:b
U Think Ur Slick Don't U.
I Ain't Stupid Hoe.
Have fun tonight at Extreme Rules!
Well the Pats just opened a can of whoop ass after being hit on the chin early on.
Congrats to Brady for 300 career TD passes...and counting
What a long day.
Ah, ready to take a nap.
Sully , Buford and Thomas will be back next year!!
With our INCREDIBLE new recruits Scott and Williams  ITS ON!
Bye bye Miami in 13 Days :
My wife just got her first secretshopper scam check in the mail.
She's growing up so fast!
The production, I Gotcha runs May 2030.
Rehearsals begin April 19.
do u have a fan mail?
knock em out Chef!
Follow my friend  RT: A New Creation For as he thinks in his heart, so is he.
Proverbs 23:7
what kind of infection are we talking about?
Do you know which bug it was?
One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring about what anyone else thinks of you.
Please stop with the frosted mugs.
If your cooler is set to the correct temperature, there is no need.
Plus it makes my glass slippery.
To all parents: Even though schools are closed, the staff decided to still host the after school program at their normal hours!
: yea haha cole sent me his too
I just landed here too.
Loving/hating doctor horror stories!
1984/kindle
SPARTAN GYROS is now open!!!
I'll DM you.
Just be careful with that cat door.
Nice work on both '1st' and 'Numbers' today; tell Skip and Smith that their opinions are not facts.
It's an annoying habit.
OMG looks like he was very hungry :P
At fiddler's green with waiting for !!
Hey cuse your fans aren't ready for the season to be over.
Let's go!!
yeah well we still have 2, that's good enough for me.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye
My love is a complicated butterfly.
Only an experienced lepidopterist can catch me in his net.
Thanks to
Two Boots pizza is coming to DTLA!
Well I always am, but it's not raining there either.
ENKG...
A MONSTER.
LOAD UP PEOPLE!!!
NEXT LEG ON ITS WAY!!!
3 You more!
We will be at the NRASHOW on cincodemayo 4571 with see you all soon.
Thank you!!!!
RT : Just picked up my afanlv12 packet and tshirt.
Super excited for Sunday!!!!
New deli guy: Why is that girl always yelling?
: Who?
?
No.
She's not yelling.
That's just how she talks.
Hello, Portland!
Quick question from the guy from CA: why do all your trees look weird?
All different colors and stuff...

...
does she expose the bad feeling that get hidden, displaced, or negated under public signs of joy?
I'm so mad!!
Well just slightly angry
Sometimes I'm amazed at how much stupidity can be conveyed in 140 characters.
Lol Oh the sarcasm, although then we could hang out all the time
I bet stupid Suzie opened her mouth and said something to Tammi smh
I do but the school is a really good chool plus my crush is going there
so excited!
We as Italians are food doctornkers  Davide Sada
if it was a free for all yes but they are picky and its not skating skill that gets you on the team
It's Teacher Appreciation Week!
Why were you inspired to become a teacher?
My Crazy Obsession is ?
Hmm , I think it's called Dedication :
good point.
Smith surprised me with his clutch play down the stretch.
I will unite with you this summer once more.
That wasn't even an NBA continuation in the MSULehigh game.
Absolutely brutal call.....
I can't blame ya for thinking so..
'The ABBA Experience' IS pretty darn scarifying!..
sit your ass there mike smith
Who won?
I had to leave at half and couldn't watch.
: I'm good!
Finishing up my last year of school in Chicago :
Last night  success
im 6 foot bro
Sometimes it takes a bad night out to help you appreciate the good ones
I can't remember the last time I bought something there.
I just don't trust their sales staff...
To all my new followers god bless and goodnight.
Bears still suck!
i need to take pictures..
RT IF YOU WANT A FOLLOWBACK.
Construction Insurance  We can offer our clients the coverage that satisfies the most demanding contracts.
Thanks so much Richard.
I'm glad to RT/share any time  just send me info.
: Happy Friday
So much gluttony today  need a full week of good CG work outs!!
Enjoy our Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast  Including Fresh Belgian Waffles, Biscuits and Gravy, Hard Boiled Eggs and more.
Anyone taking advantage of the Google Play deals?
Picked up the doctorke album for 0.25!!!

here comes my moment of doctorad.
Fear is only temporary, my future is bright, there is more 2 life than this  this 2 shall pass
Rats Are Rats...
Thank you for the follow!
Energy impacts us all  let's save together.
Yes!
Go Chesska!
I can't make it to the conf.
If anyone needs a ticket and is deserving, mine is up for grabs.

Thanks for the RT ...
Really a great article!
We 3 you here in Glitzburgh!
SOS FROM SUBURBIA: Paula is NBF of my closet and me
did you mean to favorite that?
Get her a pair in Green size 6!
;D Are sales good?!
Some fing loser interrupted my cardio!!
Pretending he couldn't get in so I had to open the door!!!
He wasn't even in workout attire!!
Happy birthday, John.
You were taken from us much too soon.
you're such an inspiration Xx
I've only been using it for one day, but so far my connections are similar to LI plus some younger people that aren't on LI.
Hahahahaha I get it.
:
Home talent game with muh girls then season finale of Grays3
The best things in life are unseen, thats why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and doctoram.
unknown
ImTheTypeOfPerson who loves to listen to
And a huge thanks to for being awesome hosts!
And for doing a doctorwing for a 75 giftcardnice!
Such an inviting place.
work at a go karts place lol its in like a restaurant And that's cool!
Already better than my plans haha
stat needs to crawl into a hole n never come back.
Arod deserves must of the shit he gets.
Jeter has a lifetime pass
DO NOT FORGET THIS SATURDAY BEFORE THE DANCE STARTS POTLUCK PICNIC HAPPENING  BRING FOOD FOR U N A FRIEND D
I hate the word shebang.
working on some xmas mixes...need some custom mixes?
contact me 
Jim Downs talks about epidemic disease, burial, and conflicts of authority over Reconstruction in the postbellum American South.
Fact: anyone who decides to hang out with me today will be given a freshly baked cupcakeanyone?
i'm listening!
haha.
alright bro ..
Immediate doubles on Bynum, it appears.
You know what show I wish they'd make new episodes of?
Parole Board
It's not about blaming the descendants, it's about learning from the past to make a better future.
Follow us as we prepare for Round 2 of Chase Community Giving Campaign starting May19th!
metro / best conference logo ever!!!
blah blah blah.
Idc I tan all year round.
I hate outside.
It takes longer lmao
: Women who are prone to migraines tend to have a higher sex doctorve than those who are not.
...the leader inspires enthusiasm.
The boss says I; The leader says WE.
The boss fixes the blame for the breakdown; the leader fixes...
is wearing her new winter boots around the house.
use it in a sentence; e.g.: I hope nobody gets murdered at the village fête this year.
what up yo?!
Long time no see
go to boogie burger
TRIVIA: Who caught Aarons first 2011 regularseason TD pass?
How about 2?
Keep your poker face on...some people wait for a crack in your armor....
some crow is kidnapping baby birds and killing them on my roof there's literally over 20 dead/dying baby birds and Frankie said
Ana pulled over on Blewett because her mom's minivan was acting funny.
Within minutes, the whole van was engulfed in flames.
The greatest feeling in the world is to be around someone who wants to hold you, to kiss your forehead, and to be around you.
not a mariners fan
Lol i was going to look for you :p
My love and thoughts go out to the people of Congo today.
May this be a day toward peace.
can't we laugh about it, ha ha ha ' it's not worth our time .
just saw a news story about MJC demonstrations.
Looked for you.
You must've been studying in the library.
Looking the for hottest stylist and barbers in the A, dm me if you got the skills.....
Some call me Chris other call me Big Chris I call myself Dashing yea
These cupcakes taste like shit.
What a waste of dollar.
Bout to get my Benz washed!!
How is your day going?
If you have something to vent, we are all ears...
Good Morning folks!
Happy Friday :
Hahaha!
That made me laugh!
hey, is austin releasing an album on june 5th ?
Our signature coats are made from Alpaca  they define luxury for the holiday season.
Check out our blog at builtforman.com!
Liking your own status on Facebook should be illegal
He's back now.
No worries.
;
Whitey Bulger just appeared in court.
Waived right to hearing about transfer back to Mass.
Coverage right now on
whats good babe!love ya boo!
I was at the mall once I walked in though they changed the designs  the toilets  when I walked out It said Men's lol
It's my half birthday!
And since it's legal to doctornk in portugal, should I just practice for the real thing?
MT : CelticsSixers looks like every single Celtics basketball game.
Neither is shark photography RT : If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
THIS GUY Rappersbetterthansouljaboy ....In a fucking landslide
Great idea!
I would watch!
Especially for Bachelorette seasons.
I am sure it is a frat house at night
i love that place:
MVP Offering discount rates to stay  Planet Hollywood in Vegas for Jan.29th 2 or 3 nights During MMA EVENT visit us  www.myvegaspeople.com
Do you have some snowy scenes around the Old Pueblo?
Share them with us...
Breakfast of champions: mocha chocolate chip cookies dipped in coffee!
So proud of our TR volunteers.
They caught a client in an emotional tailspin and were able to intervene in time.
idk.
Cornell gave me my grades.
And was talking to me.
I was there for less than 5min.
I'm missing that session.
Tweet a lot please.
Have any idea when you'll be in Baltimore again?
Great Day, two uses called me personally to thank us for helping them find jobs!
It's not over til the fat market share sings...
Working the  event tomorrow morning.
Can't wait to meet  take the pledge for a healthier life!
I dont pay my child support but IgotThemJsTho
Hella working super hard!!!
who is your agent or rep for tv projects?
God morning
that was so cool , watching and his friend layla .
.
am gina : and thank you for sharing a good time with all 17 of us :3
The whole world could be against me, but I still can't lose with Jesus!
All I do is win
Just realized that on ur Believe signing video,those 1st 2 girls in line went 2 my Hi school.Had no idea they r loyals,go figure
Can't wait til I finish my degree.
I'm goin in to video editing fo sho.
No Phone
kik me im so bored liaxxreyes
Were this my post, it would read mixtapes and they'd actually be tapes....cassettes LOL
this kid that i meet while talking to kelsey at 1:30 in the morning on skype is creeping on my fb.
should i be concerned??
Getting together w/ in a few wks to discuss song ideas,etc, like last time when we wrote Not Fragile  Counting
Day 2 of BCleanse.
So far so good.
But then again, it's only day 2!
:
Don't ask me if my rooms clean if you ain't gonna clean it
What you call dog with no legs?
Don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
PISCES is the most compassionate of the Water Signs.
They are also the most intuitive and selfsacrificing of the zodiac.
Good morning everyone!!!
Stuck in this math tutor room until Fiona is done.
Someone text me puhlease.
Now THAT was funny!
Best wishes to you in 2011.
Vanguard and Mt.
State are going at it.
Great Game.
Mt.
State is bigger then most D1 teams
ok so.
1, possibly 2 new mixtapes coming early 2012.
thats all im gonna say for now
wow maple grove actually has a cool resturaunt everyone is raving about?
thats new...another thing i can add to my list of annoyance
Thanks Had to spend my Sun.
filling out yet another lost bag reimbursement form b/c you lost the first one I submitted.
Heard this morning in the bank  it made me kick off my shoes  walk around barefoot all day.
Damn hippie propaganda.
you already have the best alex:
1.
Compared to MLA12, Sibos is much more diverse with true global representation.
Bigger travel budgets in banking, I gather.
omg are amazing  their grilled cheese sandwiches are my fave after bar food!!
That's a no brainer.
YES.
Get tickets.
Take Friday off.
Thursday problem solved.
Bon Iver is great and Red Rocks is even better.
Cris Carter vs Skip Bayless made my morning awesome
SOE Software would like to wish all the counties of the U.S.
a very happy National County Government Month!
We are the team that serve love with smiles and dare to grow
The shit my head hurts .
Hey, have you heard from ?
now i know where to come for speech fyis!
Love it!
RT : When you pee, a small amount of urine enters your mouth through the saliva glands.
welcome to the club!
I got mine a few months ago  learn a new trick everyday.
Don't know how I was living without it before :
You will witness fabulous imagery and a very interesting man...
doctor Joy Browne on Visual Acoustics
Thanks for the link!
I'm spreading the word as best I can.
Probably going to order some of the 2012 Brochure
A good date ends with dinner.
A great date ends with breakfast.
How to make Aegean Art captainvating...
Are your telemarketer's fingers falling off?
Automate calling with a hosted predictive dialer from www.magnalogix.com!
Start  150/month
If Miami doesn't blow a team out...this is the product displayed
Edvard Munch's The Scream sells for 107 million!
Hasn't it been stolen several times before?
so are you picking me up or what?
RT : The new Humble Indie Bundle is out, and it has Botanicula!
Get it!
Go!
This was a unexpected txt I'm speechless
that's the best gingerbread anything we've ever seen!
If only it had a matching Snow Speeder...
In case you didn't know, episode 8 is up on our site.
Check it out!
give me a call.
How can I get the Ike's for those pics ?
I have some compensation for you too.
Woow the colts actually won today!
The foolish and the dead never change their opinions.What should I change my opinion about.
NOW?
Do tell?
So So Tired of this stuff.
last day of lectures of my first year of med school!!!
4 exams until summer 
That awkward moment when you tweet something with a typo and it gets a lot of RT's
Im bored.
yeah and he would totally assimilate perfectly with my friends
Mark Bartolomeo: Verizon is teaming with innovators on new mobile apps.
Coke making more  on ads on vending machines than can sales.
just got in from work I'm not watching the heat I'm a BULLS fan But u cool
Rumor: KimIlJong heard TimTebow lost and it KILLED HIM.
...Too soon?
I would flip over backwards if Hightower fell to us in the second.
He is the type of LB that seems to fall every yr
If Jordan can come out of retirement, why not my Jean Jacket?
Also, why the fck did I go to the UPS store on 10/19/05???
Scale offers ability to 1 generate lots of useful data and 2 raise capital to improve and evolve the product.
Other?
cool you are unique and one of a kind.
People should treat you special.you are a saint
I have been inspired to GO SOLAR!!
I will spread the word to increase the importance of renewable energy.
Will play a few events early in the series...
theo loves both those things, so i am confident it will be good
So glad you enjoyed!
Thanks for the tweet.
The naked cowboy is still around???
It's been like 10 years
i think i just woke up with homeward bound's theme song stuck in my head....idk how to feel about this....
Not sure how i feel about that horse's name...
I love Jack White.
First day of principal photography in PARA OLIVIA
Glad to help.
It's at times like these that I smile so hard and realize the joy of having you as a friend .
:
lmao we mean late night basketball at LA.
I'm down to hoop against your AAU team too; it's fun.
my grandfather used to call me sponsdon.
Don't know what it means and never will I guess
A problem for the other teams!
RipCity lickitybrindle RT I promise that 3ball will fall and when it does....
Try , , , or Enjoy your stay in SanDiego!
I walked right in and right out with my free cup of coffee!
Just took some awesome family pics with my boys.
Geez they make me look good!
ohh lols nice pic ;D and i sent u a friend request lol
Thanks for the follow, love, hope you dig the tunes!
Liking paying for my coffee and tracking card balance with the Starbucks app.
Hoping other retailers take the cue.
I told her When I went to school Bitch!
Money wasn't the subject

I bought it first on CD but loved a lot of those songs  Joe Walsh, Buffett, Boingo, Hagar, Squier...
:
Mayday Parade  any other band
HistoryMiami, 101 W Flagler St in DWNTWN Miami, free parking at Cultural Center Garage.
Women decides to post picture of her butt on Facebook.
Cool.
More at 11.
yum yum!!!
I do love mad mex!
How was it?
nothing really.
Greg is still in college./:
Chicago!
for sure you better be there!
Things happened
agreed...I see it all the time too
This dudes motto freestyle 
gotchuuu its for me n chris
great to catch up this week, outreach and marketing are about to get MUCH more interesting!
Alright, let's make some damn money.
thatawkwardmoment when 50cent's party like its your birthday comes on and you sing ALL the words!
hi Shelley
Zessler: have students build artifacts that are of value in their own learning, and that of future students.
Webquests, digital storytelling
girls night 
YES TOTALLY!
You might be right about that!
Too much caution too often.
So glad this happened.
your bf is climbing the tree!!
Watching Grease, early Travolta is so great because he is totally unafraid of his pelvis.
it's me!
The vinyl mastering for the new EP is complete...
One step closer...
You gotta get up to get down.
I think the coffee stopped working...
Its alright, your ready for the night of your life stars will shine so bright
I ain't tha one working neither stupid
Great night at the homecoming game.
Even tho I dnt go with a guy but I dnt need a guy to make me happy.
I just love my life3
This outstanding weather is making want to get out and pollinate.
We'll try Kitchen Stories tonight.
for science we did spiritual studies/science documentary: God of Wonders on the netflix
Hug your Pooh Bear!
In 1882 today, A.
A.
Milne was born.
He is the author of the famous Winnie the Pooh.
Nausea has turned into motivation.
Must be all that BComplex.
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want.
Oscar Wilde
Finalizing music lineup for our Festival on July 28th it's gonna be ahmayzing!
calm down lady!!
:
They're all great.
San Diego would be lucky to have any of them as mayor sdmayor12RT : Who should I root for?
He'll be at it again, soon.
I didn't.
He gave up.
There are 2 less coins in the world.
:
haha, I love the spongebob movie too!
; follow me??:
What was the name of the multimedia resume builder before  visualize.me came along?
anyone?
I hear they are underpaid and overworked but get free Fanta for lunch.
Looking for a volunteer to do a fun, but challenging, Photoshop project that is well out of my abilities.
Anybody?
Sometimes taking a shower sounds like such a task
A for effort?
how bout dem blazers, bro!!??
Everything ends badly, otherwise it wouldn't end.
Tom Cruise
Simply the best.
I hope your little dudes enjoy the new home base though this summer!
thank you for caring ': : : whats wrong with me?
nothing.
You're perfect the way you are babe.
SECCA will be rockin' to the tunes of DJ Marley Carroll on April 27 during the opening of 2 new exhibitions!
Starts at 7 pm.
FREE
I'll be your ginger
Is is bad to obsessively check the score of the Bruins Caps game during prom picture party....
hey thanks for the heads up!
Baseball and Mad Men are back!
This is gonna be a great month!
gurrl you know
that's actually a good idea
have time for a coffee this morning?
I've got 9:30 to 11:30 open in MKE
A rustle in the wind reminds us a fairy is near.
Hi Jimmy, we did karaoke last night and thought of you!!!
hehehe
RT : I Restart The Song When I Miss My Favorite Part
Good morning, Cynthia?
What did you have for breakfast?
:
Refs gave Letang's broken stick to the Flyers bench, so Flyers got a good look at his curve to keep in the back of their minds.
Then some pick up games at linfield.
We have to help each other out!
Like really ppl make a big deal over J's.
I never understood wat the fuss was about u rocking the same shit a million other ppl wear
Thank you for following, !
What's it about?
dude I love her omg.
BITCHES AIN'T SHIT AND THEY AIN'T SAY NOTHIN.
A HUNdoctorD MOTHAFUCKAS CAN'T TELL ME NOTHING.
Let's play a raindelaygame...If they didn't play ball, what would they do?
Hafner would be a bouncer tossing Kipnis out.
Your turn.
eh.
i lived through '64 phillies.
i'm inured to suffering.
good thing to be cauterized as a pup.
And Rihanna, my good sir, has no purpose.
Two beauty shoots this weekend!
Yay!
PACKERS, WHERE R UR HEADS TODAY?
WHERE IS THE FOCUS?
SMH!!!!
goodnight everyone :
follow me on twitter.
La Paz Mexico!!!!
Great new walnut kitchen with cantilevered range hood at
No, sorry, it's a Buick LeSabre, but she told me that my Aunt Kathy doctorves a covertible Chrysler Le Baron.
Party Time!
Yeah, thats true.
Especially when we live in a world where looks are everything.
Thunder's back!Writing holiday overupdates r coming!Nypd blue moment when misterThunder was solicited2aid in da captainre of a menacing stalker!
Enjoy it!
I love my job!
Here's to, perhaps, my last brunch...
Auditions scheduled for lead roles in monongahela Oct 2128 in Pittsburgh email for details !
spending my time on the right things with the right people.
got a babe face
I did end up taking a nap when I got home
Just put 40' of pavers in.
Now we have a nice walkway to the neighbors.
Getting ready to start my day !
Work then training !!
What's your day like xx
If u don't have milk for cereal don't use anything else as a substitute for milk I learned that the hard way TT
RT Missouri's best team loses in the first round.
Kansas's 9th best team makes the Final Four.
Damn you Naismith.
Zeek Rewards Review  Is It the Real Deal?
Having been a professorssionally trained auctioneer for the past 6 years, I know which types of
Iloveitwhen I make an illegal uturn and don't hit the curb.
Off To Skool :  Even Doe i Dnt Want To
Woo yourself!
Christopher Lloyd, race car, truckosaurus..
envious!
Start your weekend w/Belmont BBQ  tunes on the Powerdoctorve at 5!
Studio: 978 1023 or
if you have any photos of your stay at Orange Groves Villa, please add them to the guest photos on our facebook page
I love this Page but they only have a Like Button!!
However, that work so Like this page just click the button that says LIKE love yall
How can steve McClaren blame lack of ambition!
He spent more than most other championship managers!
Can't stand that waste of space!
Homemade burgers!
Yummy!
Middlebrooks!
MT :A source confirms Aaron Cook will B added 2 RedSox roster  Will Middlebrooks is also headed 2 Boston.
Dear Florida, please continue being cold : You are making business awesome!
Stef: Great to see you again the other night at the mompreneurs event at JCC.
Hope to see you soon!
Therese'
MachineGunPreacher has a strong religious subject addoctorsses the civil conflict  crisis in Sudan, ideals, hypocrisy  religious fanaticism
Carlos: I grow impatient with these Mazeltov crea Me: It's 'Malevolent!' You're fucking with our minds already...
You know you're emotional if you cried when...
the dog died in I Am Legend lol
My people are the chosen people
Like this question about the wives...good call, Wolf.
Thank you so much for all your help on Mike's Crush for Families.
It made a huge difference
Melancholia is available on Instantly Watch via Netflix.
Everyone go watch it now.
No, really.
Now.
Now!
you love me  mooches!
Congrats to on being named captainin for 2012!!!!!
My cat is chasin' his tail...
Wtf
My mom thinks Sheldon from the Big Bang Theory is nerdy sexy.c: her bf You can't be sexy  nerdy.
Not looking good for LA.
Goodnight twitter!
Spent a week watching crash in one of my major classes!
Popping Nyquil  watching Girls, it's only been on for 2 min  I'm already laughing :
Why are you always up so late?!
And I don't care if you could ask me the same thing!
:P
Realized I'm not paying close enough attention when it takes me like 7 sessions or about 50 hrs of exposure 2 realize dude missing a finger
Can't help wht I got .
Gotta make do w/ it
90,000 FREE LEGAL GUIDES, LOWEST PRICES.
SEE OUR 100 BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM
Me.
I'm STARVING.
ICANN Defensive Applications panel for newtlds is really about offensive applications to prevent legitimate competition
brussel sprouts  bacon  heaven.
So today's cafeteria menu has sushi in the 'hot zone'.
I think I'll stay away from that zone for lunch
I don't strive to write a bestseller but I'd love to be the author of a cult classic.
Lol I'm up all alone now ..
Headin through the mountains listening to Old Crow
Been there, done that, let me know if and when you need help, because I sure will be there if you need me.
Can't argue with you there.
Not making excused for him but he spent alot of energy covering Kobe.
Still he did not come thru on O
SaySomethin Was Amazing 33 lolol...
I was Jamming Out!
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
Henry David Thoreau
I could come off the bench in the league.
I would start for the bobcats tho.
Doing Crossfit again.
WOD: Chelsea.
I hurt so good.
That's All Folks !
Epitaph of Mel Blanc
Knee really hurts...
Don't know what else to do?
So Sunday is a river in Africa???
De Nile
so wat did u do for your bday
I hate when people put the in front of their twitter name.
like no.
Hey you!
CHECK OUT THE SITES IN THE ABOUT ME SECTION!
Only love lets us see normal things In an extraordinary way.
i am gonna miss my best friend who is about to leave vegas in a day
Try lien.
weirdgood or weirdbad?
I pray for the childoctorn  hope I get give mine the world when they come.
Watching The Big Bang Theory on DVD.
This show is hilarious!
No : willard turkey club for lunch!
i know you feel me  aw shit might have to make it down this week cravings
Yeah I gotta new phone.
7702958684 You?
lol I would kill myself k
Scutaro is a great sleeper this year
innit!
Golly I'm good.
Praying for moms of the 4 young men who died in plane crash this weekend and for Katy Luce as Hannah heals.
Only God can comfort !
And they can only get better, right?
Roasted loin of veal w/morel sauce, fingerling potatoes  wild ramps.
Life might not get much better than this...
One hour from showtime at the Hermit Club for with Chuck Booms of music and more!
Get here!
10 at the door
Anyone else going to CES this January?
I'll be in Vegas from the 4th  8th.
make sure your fellow workers know whats up, we'd love to hear from ya!
3
Ready for the race in the morn.
Nothing better than the smell of wet suit the night before the race.
Just arrived  might I say it is a pleasure to meet U!
It also has games and a online mall !
I just wanted to share this I thought it would help some of you.
www.misternfoguide.com
you wanna go to vain tonight ?
I would sob.
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
Watching Avengers with my baby :D 3
Hahahaha shit I was afraid my Mafia painting was gonna fall on me an shit.
Lol I wonder what thinks about this
Took a trip out to the shop today to count inventory.
Its hot as hell outside!!
that's why in Indiana we do our own lawn...
Congrats to my beautiful cousin and twitterlessjen for graduating from UM today !
did you watch that video..?!
YOU NEED TO WATCH IT!
And when you do, don't get any ideas, he's mine ;
Yeah, I've started, pretty interesting for sure!
this man needs to lose at some point!
Im voting for the underdog lol
I wish shit was the same but I guess its time for a change
Yeah!!!!!!
Now what?
College basketball is over!!!
Dad was talking real loud,all eyes on us!
When I mouthed SHHH he got mad and turned his head to the side to the table beside us.CONT
Summer needs to come quicker, All of this stress is killing me.
sorry I didn't get to chat more at the show!!!!
It was a zoo!
Hope it was good for you and hopefully we can chat soon!
Its real funny how u go outta ur way to help people but let u be the one that needs the help and everyone forgets about u.
hahah yeah.
its so random though
We often deceive ourselves to think we are living better than we are.
Can you be honest with yourself and God today?
I got some connects I want you to meet
those multicolored shorts are really something I really can't decide if I love or hate them!
Just registered for bloggerblitzdc on June 3rd !
Yes I can!
!!!
LOL..
luv that commercial ; 
smiles RT Waiting for the Matthew Broderick commercial.
Your Awesome!
My friend say you Cool ;
.
Vote for jobs, schools, and small businessesvote for the American Jobs Act.
My boobs hurt right nao.
Okay, enough rain already.
Good morning Fans!
How is your Monday turning out??
Ain't seen his seed in 14 days that dude to weak
Huge difference in enchantment between the genY presenter and genOther that I mentioned earlier.
GenY lost me a half hour ago.
bye rafi.
have a great day
People watching.
It's amazing.
.
.
And hilarious on occasion.
:
Just cost a run!
MT : folks talk about the Brewers shaky defense, that missed cutoff is Exhibit A..
Can't happen
Hows the tour been?!
Big time when it counts you guys RT : That was Martin's first home goal as a Penguin.
He has scored five on the road as a Penguin.
hey thanks for the 5 bucks Samsung
Hasso Plattner asks what are the architectural factors for better transactional performance of HANA?
pacific northwest needs an MLG stop!!!
Friday, May 11th , come on down to The Up  Under on E.
Brady St.
help us get into SUMMERFEST!
We only get in if you come down  VOTE!
yay!!
One for me and one for u lol.
We would put our names on their metaphorically.
A Little
And on another note, no more swear words.
I use them too much/for no reason
lmfaoo, smh.
I said hi !
Well I hit you :x lol
Looking for Unix or Linux Engineers with strong networking experience for a company in Seattle.
ISP experience would be a bonus.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
because his tweets get sent to my phone an di read his tweets and when u are always live on twitcam he always talks about u ...
That text I sent him 
I don't understand how someone can doctornk 2 energy doctornks in one day, just a small one kept me up fur dayz.
Long legged in sidewalk trance; body bends at knees for the cloudsurf advance.
Om.
It's night time!
Go back to bed!
:
Yes sure but I will have to do it on Monday.
Email at and I will send you the complete details
i think you were the only one lol
she was actually likable on that date.
She'll probably go to top 56 before he sees the nasty side
TeamFolllowBack FollowForFollow just  me when u've already followed me so I can follow u!
What???
R u injured?
Ur car totaled
nope babe I didn't cook today..I ordered Chinese..
I have a upper respiratory infection  bronchitis..been in bed dying lbs
Engrossing Georgia O'Keeffe abstractions at the Whitney Museum saw 2 old friends: 's Blue Sky/Pelvis and Vassar's Spring
Everyone please get ready to help me celebrate a Pats victory on sunday...have a great weekend.
good to know I'm not the only one who's done that.
RT : On another note, I crashed myself going 5mph 10 minutes before the race
God choice for Featured Artist!
is the shit!
I wish I had a girl but can't because bitches I know will try dick riding me again not mentioning names
More mosquitoes than voters out here!
Tebow haters would still call for his head if he won the next three super bowls.
whatever happend to just win, baby?
jw I thought it was that corner but hard to confirm because it has changed so much
RT It's here!!
Liberty555 wait to hear about all the awesome stories that come from this wkd ditto!
BRINGIT!
who cn confirm seeing alleged monkey tweet re: ?
Here ya be!
RT Grandma, request from Elmhurst, Illinois: I CAN'T GET STARTED  Bunny Berigan
yes..you follow me on instagram.
You're scaring me.
Well done, !
A real milestone.
Sen.
Webb is a great Virginian.
Thanks to those asking me to run for his seat.
I promise I will look into it closely.
Last night's shutout of the BlueJays was just the 4th time they've been blanked this season, the fewest times in the AL.
Love getting out early on Fridays.
I'm thinking BealeStreet tonight...
I have personally invested over 10,000 in the past 2 years on this community.
Aww, you are so nice!
Hello, Kathy and Amy!
Let's talk books.
Darvish's first game has media far more excited than mostlyempty Peoria Stadium.
A headshot is your key into casting gates.
Use a pro photographer!
So many actors have not been called in based on their headshot.
Do whatever the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end whos there ?
you '
COOKING UP HITS   TRON its coming!!!
Just conveniently emailed myself a shopping list from Epicurious, with little checkboxes and all  bliss...
guesswho'scookingtoday
Job help, networking events: Business calendar  Plain Dealer
Ball So Hard booest of all the bears.
you'll be old one day!
Stinky!
yup...LiveFromDarylsHouse is the BEST damn thing ever!!!....period....; I am so hooked...
Buckeyes put an ass whipping on that POS school up north!
Love it!
thanks!
I'm so excited, can't wait till tonight!
aww when was this?!
Lmfaoo.
Frank Got Me Cracking Up!
Watching Jess work it at 
saw the movie safehouse...
not that good.
: had sushi.
day 2 of diet good.
think i have a bit of a bug.
i hope i feel better tomorrow.
While I was researching the pros  cons of log in as page on Facebook for the 2 sites I help administer the option disappeared!
On the way to museums and the web conference in philadelphia.
Clark, why is the car still running?
Oh all new cars do that honey
We'll see how this goes!!
: Kyle Orton reached a threeyear agreement with the Dallas Cowboys.
Are you cheering for the SA Spurs?
What happened to ?
Make him come back I miss him
the new girl..
lol, I watched the 1st 7 seasons a year ago i probably woulda forgot if i watched in 2004
Sorry for so many links about the LA Banks auctions!
I'm just trying to get word out!
I swear I'm not a spammer, you guys!
KG so old he forgot how to set pics smh
I know Il est beau :
alute to you my G.
Ugh.
School
Practicing for live chat on dlday.
Interesting!!
The 9yo HamSter is going to work with his stepmom today for Take Your Kid to Work Day.
Always hold your head up, but be careful to keep your nose at a friendly level.
Max L.
Forman
pet adoption day...
Why do I do this to myself!?
Getting up at 4:00a.m.
Was the worst idea ever
Yay!
Let us know how it goes :
ADD/ADHD treatment is often done by a team approach of medical practitioners and counselors.
20 push ups Gordon.
Keep it on the ground.
'The Initiation of professorssor Kimmer', 'Role Play', 'The Crippler',  'Devolution Reckoning' will also be shown at 4PM at
I wish SOMEDAY I could be mister.
Alyssa Nicole Holmes Justin doctorw Bieber LOVE ME LOVE ME hHEHE GET BABE;!!!
Thank you
is that for real , it was exposed?
Check out photo of castme of SAG pilot DPI:Discount Paranormal Investigators www.facebook/discountparanormal
Dinner was great :
I haven't listened to switchfoot in ages.
Now  then I think of all the times you screwed me over .
Congrats on a successful season!
Join us after the game for 80's night at Amber!
Aniston Denies Planning Big Wedding
my birthday was bomb C:
take care of your family.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you
Just got Spotify.
Should probably listen to a song a day.
Any suggestions to get started?
From our family to yours, both here on Earth or Above, Have a Wonderful Easter!
How about a realistic salary for all around?
Say the average median wage?
Fair Enough, right?
awesome picture!
Kelly definitely belted it tonight!
a secret box willing to be opened...
I am writing my 'J'accuse,' to have it ready just in case.
James T.
Farrell, with words to live by.
I am still learning.
Michelangelo
thanks for your kind words
Woot!
Finished girlWithThedoctorgonTattoo last night, now I can go see the movie.
I had a feeling that was what happened to Harriet!
Hell only exists with its creator who believes in such a place ..
Hell is a myth designed by mystical people
Just arrived in Austin!
FOLLOW ME
Murray.........please no.
Looked like an ankle.
Oh, no no no.
My playlists do all the talking, it's pretty embarrassing.
Funny how the tone of the music legitimately changes.
Uh Now blood the fuck up..
everydays a gamble mathafucka tuff luck
Hm.
Too busy ordering a free Wisconsin Cheese Map online.
You got something to wear for your shoot Sunday??
staff predicts continued sales tax growth for next 5 years; 5 percent in fy2012, 3 for the remainder
'Come at me Bro' is actually a catchy phrase.
I like it.
For some reason, I am feeling cocky and happily INDEPENDENT today.
Headed for the allAmerican, totally green, INDEPENDENT farmer's market.
Eh, 'love' may have been too strong a word.
Bahaha!
I kid.
Go for Gold.
official long jumping motto, we're gonna kill southport :
WMYB on the radio
Back in the city...at 34th waiting on 2 train to Brooklyn
Site just went down...I knew it was too good to be true!
We'll be up again soon.
Problems with the dedicated IP for our SSL  UGHH!!!
My grandmother is in the hospital and I'm at school.
Anyone besides me see anything wrong with this picture?
I miss the Blackhawks :
oh i just got a ride from my gma with john ben and landon
I would skips you if my laptop was working!!!
I wish I liked ALL classic rock n roll.
But I don't.
I have a pretty good music taste I think, though
I think Wordpress and Magento going to much over the head..
The back end users need a simply user friend back end, and nothing else!!!
oh!!
Lmao I thought those were called clavicles:p
Still can remember playing soccer during O level year.
But we still study anyway.
Hahahaha.
What happens is, when I perform, Im somewhere else, I go back in time  get in touch w who I really am.Etta James...thx Etta...
peace
Mastering a new song tonight!
Young Widows show at next Thurs  6/16.
Too busy to tweet.
thatcamp lunch table in con A?
I thought you were a beer person?
Lol!
come smoke 1
Ok, you seriously need to go to HEB more often!!
like, i wanna meet you!!
Hot chocolate sounds good right now:
optionappleEsc
im over getting older
Congrats !
Fantastic news.
Can't wait to hear your
But to live outside the law, you must be honest /
Happy birthday!
Keep doing your thing.
Something about a free iPad 2?
I'd say Photoshop or Illustrator would be the app i would like to use from an iPad.
finally done w the ACT
aww true!
By the way your phone is gonna die 32 you should charge it
I will punch you in chest and make ur shoulders clap
its me duh
idk maybe cuz i know u so its s bit surreal to see u on the front of a remy weave box lol
Str8LykeDes...
Damn where did my damn day go...
: Trust yourself.
You know more than you think you do.
Benjamin Spock
Call the colonel we hit the popcorn ceiling!
Now lets get it removed for you!
gonna try almond nails!
Thanks for the trend!
This is why you need the Kindle app.
Never a bored moment!
GOD Is Love.Greater love has no man than this, that a man would lay down his life for his friends.
Esteem another before your own
done.
Good luck!
...I called someone a spawn?!?!
So be it.
Lock and Key singles event tonight at 5.
Pub Quiz starts at 8pm.
3 Olives doctornks for 3 all night.
What a night!
WHAT??
how did you have school?!
Im going to complain to them for you lol.
Please follow me!!!
Havnt been on here for a while ;p Follow me on ;
The NHL's second outdoor game of the season will take place tonight in Calgary, as the Flames welcome the Montreal Canadiens .
PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist wipe me down
I hope so, I want them to beat the heat.
Humboldt Center for Evolutionary Anthropology Fundoctoriser
You've been hit by, you've been hit by a smooth criminal!
RT like logic that Eagles won't take Cox b/c they've been connected to him  Clearly not scientific.
Call it strong gut feeling.
I really like dickish tweets.
I don't do a lot of them, but they frigging kill me.
yay!!!!!!!!
You'll be so proud.
Can't wait to see you and hear all about everything.
You too buddy.
Let's grab some doctornks and catch a game w sometime soon.
Bastille Day 5k race in Milwaukee this summer!
GREAT run!
where did u find the scores?
He worries to much
damn your life can end in the blink of an eye.
honestly Yolo  you better be careful
Gone the way of the tape player?
I've very nearly given it up completely.
no tours or anything planned yet but were trying to make some out of state gigs happen this summer : I'll keep u updated
Happy Book Birthdays to  Tess Hilmo!!!
I need a break, been working to hard this morning by myself!?
There's something about hearing Tone Loc on a Sunday morning that just seems so natural.
Hopon closed 300 up.
The volume was 960,515,471 shares.
It was a good day.
We Only Argue When The Lakers On Ova Den Dat I'm Gettin My Marc Jacobs On
trust me If I could pick up and go I would already be there lol
not that I disagree with that philosophy though.
I know it doesn't mean anything but isn't it nice to see that mubb scored more points than any other winning team yesterday?
I was right.
Tonight's NBA DLeague Showcase pressboxfood update: BBQ chicken, pulled pork.
Served with a side of exhausted.
Agree to disagree.
Personally I can't stand it, although I enjoy watching the games.
live life with no regrets
Dont we all : RT : i miss the iconic boyz
watching Real Madoctord vs Barcelona and doing homework at the same time
Louisiana: Adoption Attorney Louisiana
Up early to make banana pancakes before work!
Yum!
but I thought today was a good day
The Power score a touchdown on their possession, winning 5754.
RT : BAR to discuss 8 story Marriott hotel on West Main Tuesday.
Tryna have a good week....But,Tryna make new friends
Awe!
I miss you guys!
Cutie Alicia Silverstone from Clueless turns 35 today.
That was the worst pass ever
Talking to farmers today about their eggs.
Who wants to eat some farm fresh eggs?
I jus texted yu :D .
I thought yu forgotten abOut me boo
If my computer not picking up WiFi isn't an indicator that I should stop playing on Facebook and start writing music, I don't know what is.
That one persons attention you can't seem to get
Vodka Tasting  Booksigning at Keplers today!
The King of Vodka: The Story of Pyotr Smirnov and the Upheaval of an Empire.
Free Event 7:30
Dark Shadows was a great movie!
Must see.
Next is Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter.
Still love the Marlins but that logo is gawd awful ugly.
I rode an elephant at the circus before.
It was a lot of fun 
Last few hours of hump day.
Time to get your tshirts printed
Thanks for the RT!
Trans Hook Festival in NoNo all night every night open air headquarters at gas station 21st Chrls
What??
creepingmode Aha.
hang in there!
everytime I try making plans, something always interferes ..ugh
Happiness is new issues of , FDLP Connect, 
I would give away autographed pictures, but then you'd know who I am
Assisted by Danny Welbeck following a fast break.
Hobo with a Shotgun has turned into Ho with a Shotgun.
Must you be a sarcastic asshole when I'm like totally not in the mood to deal with anyone's bs?
New record...
STOP TARGETING ME STOP TARGETING ME STOP TARGETING ME!
stop targeting me stop George Zimmerman sounded doctornk or high
I might get too doctornk and forget my room number.
She's back in town as ready to party apparently.
I need summer NOW!!!
: Beach,Tan,Shopping.
RT : Never doubt your specialness.
There is a specific mission on earth that only YOU can fulfill.
There is nothing better than taking a ice cold shower after a long day of work.
Dont forget to get your MALAYSIAN HAIR for the holidays I got mines Pix coming soon!
that cool :
Nah, probably just Loteria as entertainment..
Sandy Ravage and Randy Savage are both two different icons with plenty similarities
i find that typing on the keyboard very loudly helps
Making some production notes on our new song Sorry For That today!
Getting ready to have a new song for you!
Who's excited!?
Hitchens's sessions with Rushdie was been one of the real treats of having Sir Salman here.
Very sorry to learn of his death.
It's way too early!
I don't want to be awake
: And just like that Braves are down 04smh
Happy Mother's Day!
Sounds like Cliff Christl is spearheading the Packers Heritage Trail project.
Be interesting to see what it's all about.
Time to whoop the Aints
it's a great way to kill time
RIP Don Cornelius.
There goes another piece of my childhood
We have SO MANY scarves...
Bring a friend, or nine
I love 2 send u things but the hardest part is not knowing if u get them,do u get all your packages??
I sent u a water globe!!
Hugs
you have just inspired me.
I don't like ginger, but what about Apple Cinnamon?
How would you make that?
Morning treats for the BlueRock team from Baltimore's Famous Fenwickbakery !
Going to talk shit about me?
Say it to my face next time.
Porsche Announces Cayenne Diesel and AllNew Boxster at New York International Auto Show
we need to hang out soon since we are both DIOR and does too!
you truly are a peach.
What would I do without you?
Former Lead Inktomi Engineer On Why Google Beat Them
possibly.
Check ya later on the week.
Go O's!
Thanks for that feedback, Bobby.
I'll pass that along to the magazine and to the annual gifts team.
yhukno something is wrong when it is hot outside like 70 degrees n ppl still got on uggs....got you just standing there like wahhhttttt???
ok last one.
Riddle me this.
When filled I can point the way.
When empty nothing moves me.
I have 2 skins, 1 without, 1 within.
What am I?
I have nothing to put here right now...
Appreciate it bro
Dc is jumpin....m
The officiating in the NBA is getting ridiculous.
Refs make unnecessary calls in big moments so they can be on TV.
Thanks.
Love your new report.
Had some good Easter fun at the Callanwolde Fine Arts Center.
Beautiful historic mansion only 30min walk from the house!
What are you doing this Friday evening SanDiego?
yes please:
get on the iPhone tip!
Lol
Yes, they keep me on my toes : Have a great weekend!
No, not only.
I also like monkeys ;
haha, I wasnt trying to be mean...
only trying to tell the truth
edshow Don't believe Bill O'Reilly.
Mitt's no benefactor of distressed companies  but a wolf in Brooks Brothers clothing.
Fast Forward is killing maneater right now.
Amazing.
Great job scoring
If you're not following , you should be.
Glad to see a state probe over beyonces hospital security shenanigans A few bucks in your pocket doesn't mean the public world is yours
DarenKagasoff.
That is all.
the Fish no longer own us!!
and grandpa lol wee needa hangout this week andgo see Aranger movie where like iron men and those super heroes.
That might be less unnerving if I knew what arld12 is.
this has been a rough week...
thank goodness tomorrow is friday, friday, gonna get down on friday...
We just modified a photo
YEEE GREAT WHICH RADIO STATION?
Prediction of the year RT : We need all that great Seminole defense v.
Carolina today.
And Dulkys to heat up early  often.
in Chicago this weekend...
You spin?
Tired of admins saying class size doesn't matter.
Try grading/ writing conferences.
Would it matter if you had more teacher evals to do?
This might be well worth the late bedtime
thanks, and we love it down here!
The only other place we'd consider living is the French countryside : but San Antonio's fab
Beautiful Las Vegas day
says the reclusive one in the corner
Diversity is an old, old wooden ship that was used in the Civil War era.
Tina was mind fucked.
that gave me a good giggle too!
Whelp, Its been real!
I fux with all my followers, But to all those not following back...dat ass will be gettin Unfollowed 2morrow
Ugh!!
I saw it coming.
COME ON CHELSEA!!
Ha!
RT : Admit it, At least once in your life, You have tried to balance the light switch in between the on and off position.
hey!
And nm just dumb school doctorma...
Man I'm only half memorized and I perform thursday
congrats dude!
need a doctornk right now
Forget Carl world.
I want to live in world.
Gotta get me some of that red wine .
;
sounds great!
Appreciate it.
Lakers aren't good enough to beat the Thunder in a 7 game series unless Kobe has a couple 4050 point games at some point.
But he's capable.
I LOVE playoff hockey!
Let's do this Hawks!!!
Can't stop watching the miner rescue, but that tube isn't looking so good and the are at least 34 more round trips to go
Great day!
g'night, loves 3
Made it to Tulsa.
Time to go find an awesome place.
keep me honest.
Can't keep all these girls straight.
: you mean The doctorgon Tattoo?
5 Billion For Michael Jackson...Gone Too Soon
What would you suggest instead?
I think anyone who has been in theatre knows more than they'd care to about doctorssmaking.
But, still got some great deals on shoes tonight from my favorite brand, Nine West
Ohh cool : I live in Denver, it's hot here too lol
: called fake and bake...we all can't be like misterOnes you go Brown you don't turn around.
I love my moms bed
Downloaded the books last night but haven't had a chance to look through them too much yet.
Hoping it was worth it ;
Today is the last home game for Be sure to stop by the Aztec Lacrosse Field at 1 pm today to support the team!
How this shid get to OT?
as always, reading imagines :
GreenMorning twitter world.
Visit our site www.engagemyfamily.com and post your topics of interest and like us on Facebook.
We appreciate your vote.
It never gets easier.
You just get better.
u shld also get rid of ur True Credit monitoring program.
Waste of .
I cancelled it 2 months ago  am still being charged.
Yup, I'm actually the author of Deadline.
Thanks for the good words.
I'm not a selfhelp book, I'm just a fucked up kid.
Is anyone catching this sky right now?
Go look outside!
...be unveiled as the New England manager.
COME ON ENGERLAND !!!!!!!!
Re: Amen
I hope you got yours.
...
I keep mine.
mindisrunning I thinking about a lot of things 1.
and 2.
It's not fair my sis and my mom get to go to Cali......
: haha what did you?
Security was tight!
Any spooking knocking on door at uclasandbox?
: Finally, someone uses the word Bush.
Fox News will edit that out.
YES
but i will judge out loud : If you format dates as MMDDYYYY instead of YYYYMMDD, I am silently judging you.
WHY WON'T MY HAIR GROW?
:
?
Thug?
Have you read his bio?
He likes science, books, and his mother's cooking.
Like said: nonissue.
Anyone out there interested in joining the package exchange?
A spot just opened up and I need 1 participant.
Any takers?
:
Everyone thinks we're done with testing...don't we have finals the last week of school?
I believe are complementary and powerful when we combine them
lol now you're like me
Memory is the cabinet of imagination, the treasury of reason, the registry of conscience, and the council chamber of thought...St.
Basil...
well where the H.
were u for eight hours???
SO TRUE!: It's not always that I take everything too serious, a lot of times its because you don't take things serious enough.
Whoa my dad just informed me that I got Neil Patrick Harris' autograph when I was a kid.
Whaaa?
Also: I'm now 29.
Hi.
On NFL .com it's just 1 on 1 matchups, so voted for him a few times over players I liked less.
Looks like 13 QBs made it
We should not teach childoctorn the sciences but give them a taste for them.
lol!
It took me a while, but I know who you're talking about, ha!
playing focused by wale trying to make myself focused on this homework
My dad just made a joke that mentioned the Fresh Prince of Bellaire and hipsters.
Not bad
When we love, it isn't because the person's perfect, it's because we learn to see an imperfect person perfectly
Just watched a dude hit a half court bank shot at the game  won 10,000
for sure!
thanks for checking us out!
dw
The inactive volcano that is in Yellowstone National Park.
Re tweet about exam MT : damn autocorrect.
Thought I fixed that.
At least there wasn't an iPhone writing portion of the exam
thanks for the follow!
I never got to congratulate you on getting married!
Pay back's a bitch !
Yu fuck with me and I destroy yu mentally :
Behind the wheel at 3 :o
crazy kids!
Defense wants to know how much money government spent on terrorism investigation in alleged Christmas Tree bombing plot.
Judge denied
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
I do not know what your destiny will be, but one thing I do know: those among you who will be truly happy will be those who have sought and
You can keep ya pussy, im on ma own dick!
Chaudhary compares famine photos to film Precious  need to see another's suffering to feel pleasure of sympathy, a sadism w/in compassion.
Headache check, sore throat check, ringing ears check.
All signs of a good concert, I think so.
FF for tweets like this: The newborn in the library can be excused for crying.
The rest of you?
Not so much.
It is unspeakably beautiful in KC tonight.
I wish you all were enjoying a glass of wine with me on the deck.
pistolwhipped so far but I haven't listened to the whole thing yet
Serial killer Scott Williams had dozens of ceramic dolls in his bedoctorom.
just got got in io2011 try again folks, thanks
oh wth!
U even trade up for something better..
Nice trade!
Thank you for the follow!
Thanks for sharing!
I love FREE Kindle books.
Habitat 4 Humanity will be live at Organization Fair.
Spread the word and tell everyone to come out and support.

Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them.
oh that's cool!
:
Should I buy a hand gun?
New York's 1 Full Color Printing Company  www.Rushflyerprinting.com
this is in San Antonio
hi slut i missed u
The more I get pulled in one direction the more it makes me want to push away.
crickets crickets  Sarah M.
Live tweeting from brandCOS.
Give us your feedback!
Tell us what you think about your city!
OK...I'm late...but I just realized I can stream my netflix membership through my doctorid phone...
Weird people
: haha.
Shh.
I had to test it for you two : silly..
well when is our turn
you'll get the hang of it, at 1st I felt the same way u did, but then I got used to it, just like I got used to FB lol:
When you want to talk to an old friend, but know it won't be the same:/
also if is interested in a folding bike fixedgear conversion: LET ME KNOW
My house.
In front of my TV screen with junk food surrounding me and preparing 2 fangirl ;P .
you had a better chance of winning with Denver.
knickssuck!
sorry..
not feeling too great tonight : we will make this up on cinco de doctornko??
Cute LONG fan fic in the process of writing, dedicated to y'all :
Winter colds are beyond miserable!
From my friends to my enemies....
I wish you all a joy filled holiday season.
Ah nice to hear it's sunny where you are : We've got clouds but had days of sun so I can't bitch!
Found worlds best pandora station.
I forgot how much I love music.
yawn to the rest of this doctorft, seeing who the giants get then done
what a day!
Wow.
And I still can't believe Arsenal managed to finish 3rd.
vegetarian RT : Case of mad cow disease confirmed in California, USDA says  Bloomberg News'
GOOD EVENING....
TO ALL!!
I wish you would reply to me : check your dms :
happy birthday !
:D 3
At the SOTU sitting front row center in the press gallery
Editing has resumed.
Here's hoping it one day ends.
Trying to battle a head cold for the past few days.
Missing my
Ha!
The classy kill
If I could prioritize myself.
Easier said than done.
RT : Create a plan.
Execute plan.
Achieve goal.
RT  Was that a great NFL regularseason or what?
Lockout?
What lockout?
Some people simply don't find it funny which is fine
eh, i don't think the rate hike is that awful, but i love a lot of the weird, not so well known movies that are instant :
Audience Of One acoustic.
Come to our Holiday open house!
sorry we didn't manage to get together during daylight hours.
One of these days I will make it down your way.
thank you for the mention!
Paolo and Eugenio  We look forward to your tweets!
Your friends in California, Alisha and Polly

Prash, thanks for the
i need kid rock tickets 2 b day bash 15th
How was your special lunch date?
Basketball season is officially underway!
And while I forever miss the SuperSonics...
I still love the game!
:
boots, baby, boots
it is amazing how many people are still awake ha:
When I get paid, one our my top priorities is to go hang out with
has been a huge trial for us today!
Anyone know why we get an Upgrade Now!
page after every 10 or so search results?
I needed that talk
you already know them Brit boys doctorve me mad
stay tuned  we're working on a MLK day community dinner.
Would love to have RT Networks involved!
So lets face it i can't pick a dog's name.
Lol
Whoa.
I really shouldn't have checked the time in Warsaw.
I just realized I've been up for 24 hours and haven't even had dinner yet.
you got it.
It's what I do.
; look forward to seeing your site.
I am frequently mortified by the volume kids these days listen to music on their headphones.
P.S.
If I can make out lyrics, it's too loud.
Well, since there's overlap of Keegan working at the farm and me needing to go to classes, two vehicles might be in order...
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Looking out the window, watching that lovely, seasonal April snowfall.
Ah, Denver weather...love it, even I'll never get used to it.
:
It's not a trick question if you can come by for a visit right now!!
Sad day.
Steve Jobs passes away at 56.
Great man.
Will be missed.
It made it.
It's hanging.
Get used to it, because it will always hang.
Nat'l titles you've witnessed: UK 3; UL 0
Dear PassionPit, please help me keep sane throughout the rest of the day.
PleaseAndThankYou 3
You are so good at bridging!
Your mama raised you right.
LG
Shockers up 3210 with 4 min.
left in the first half.
I guess that's pretty good.
13 wins to go.
PickUpLine: I'll bet you 20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
to define Hollywood, Silver Lake, Echo Park, Los Feliz and Downtown.
Thursday, May 7  Eastside Luv
Ill Strangle You With a Pen
My nigga Rondo showed out tonight.
Its going to be a KILLER show and best of all its FREE!!!
Contact us at for tickets!
:D
What would it take to get Justin Turner back?
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Oscar Wilde
Peacha n I will meet you there!
what got a twitter???
Hey there!
I noticed you're doing the competition also for the TR Blog.
Good luck to you too :
Also, that's sold out!
And that's
Side note : that fruit cup I just had was aweesommmeeee .
I def need to make an effort to eat more fresh fruits on a daily basis.
And water.
NEW AIRSOFT PISTOL SET Model P618 REPLICA HANDGUNS SET fires ;P
Add BBC/PBS to the list of things capable of terrifying me.
Monday again, Happy this week, Everyone!
You can gadge someone's mental illness by how clean they keep their sweat pants.
A baseball guy to watch the baseball guy to watch the manager to watch the baseball players?
Ah, gotcha!
I haven't been up to that facility.
Thanx for the follow
Had a meeting earlier today trying to deal with the budget cuts to the UW.
Not fun.
Lot's of innovative tech programs on the chopping block.
What if we come to both?!
Thanks for the reference
always great to see you and hear you sing!
I woke up feeling so amazing this morning!
I love when I sleep so much!
Now Happiness is going to be this Rock Star 18 hour day of work!!!
I kinda wanna bleach myself...I look like a starving African child.
We are coming for you!
RT : oldstyleopener bout to set off!
Lalalala that's all i hear you sayin
the video is awesome.
I watch it ever so often.
haha I might have to do this too!
I'll set eye of the tiger as my alarm tomorrow morning, do you think it'll work?
Rick Kern of UC Berkeley on Textualization and Recontextualization at cercll2011.
His opening remarks will go up on YouTube next week!
that movie was kinda a toilet.
Bad.
hey momma !!
Hey Young World!!!
watched a movie today, it made me so thankful our world isn't like that today.
good movie
we'll fill your stocking soon
hey party ppl!
in baltimore,washington!
I LLALALALlLLlalalalalalaLALALA LOVE TURN TO YOU:
God told Derrick to rise, so Derrick Rose.
I done just made love to a catalytic converter.
Shur do loves me some plat'num
is singing to me on the phone again...please SHUT UP!
I am very excited to be included in the audience workstream of the DPLA.
My first meeting will be next month in Dallas.
Can't find my elmo hat :/
People in wheel chairs always have the cleanest shoes tomean?
Good Night 3!
cute amber!
Social media goals don't have to be rooted in selling more tickets.
Consider targeted audience outreach.
wish I could be there cuzo
compare me to Gwyneth again.
I dare you.
Str8LykeDes...
Time after time mane gad damn....
What an incredible game
I am so condescending with my mother
Does Minimalism make Pop horny?
Good question, John Waters.
watching FavoriteWillSmithMovie Enemy of the State
You've got that right!
Any fun sunny day plans?
ever hear back from Greg Oden?
Iggies is included in our newsletter along with other industry folks.
so I'm at McDonald's and I'm sitting by a window and this kid goes thru the doctorve thru and points and stares at me so I gave him the finger.
My hearts a stereo, it beats for you.
So listen close, hear my thoughts and every noo ot ote.
, damn you this song is amazing.
:
That is fantastic, and I am not at all surprised!!
Many happy returns!
i told them but they kept on lol
Opening the Garage Jason Evenchik goes before the city Zoning Hearing Board on Wednesday with his plan for The Garag
We all just expect more from him than he does from himself
Are any other Mac users having trouble viewing PDFs from EBSCO or ProQuest in a web browser?
You guys hear about the basketball player doctor J.?
Yeah, he committed suicide today
maybe he figures if you cant fully understand what he is saying, he will sound less idiotic...
you're taking the mcat??
awww yaayyy!
good luck girl, i know the struggle!
RT!
Perfect Sweet Hot Caring Gorgeous Amazing Nice Incredible Personality Funny Talented  JustinIsBiebmazing.
ali
UW and OSU coming down to the wire.
Love it!!
sure wish.
I'll make some calls
i really need to see the BELIEVEalbumCover !
like now im gonna freaking die justin!!
i am Stacy Mildor
Cant waiit 2 b done with school...
4 more associated terms...
2014 is my last year i will be done by 23...
Thats old as hell bt oh well
the way me and stephanie are standing on the street by ourselves POSSIBLY GOING TO GET RAPED OR SHOT
Thanks to iste and Debren Ferris for having me present on their Webinar series.
Well I know you are.
What about them?
Xtamina Energy doctornk's sampler packs for 10 you will get 2 cans of Xtamina Energy doctornk  Xtamina Mix CD  Pumper Sticker
I am working on budget for IntelliJ for my dept right now
Should I hand out another chance?
Tough question...
Thanks for the RT Love!
and it's not even my birthday...
Only 6 more performances of Rip Tide!
Get your tickets now!
You don't want to miss this!
doctor Who  scarves  Facebook  laughter  helping
Looking 4 more support for our fledgling FaceBook page: please search on Memorial Branch Los Angeles Public Library  give us a thumbs up!
If my dude don't be here by 2 iam cheatinNEEDDICKNOW!!!!!!!!!
Every second I love Ariana Grade more than I did before!
I am not dogmatic, but I am much less apt to follow those who tweet for PR only.
thanks!
I really enjoyed having you in class!
Stay in touch!
I can't change a tire, yet I learned to juggle.
My brother high as a mf playing call of duty lhh
Jaguar to build Ftype sports car
Country music as this crowd rocking can't wait for the line dancing
How exciting to meet Andoctorw Dosunmu  on Twitter.
Look forward to seeing RESTLESS CITY this weekend in Atlanta!
Is it Friday yet?
Alex Wilson is starting.
Stop down for Booze  Blues.
5.00 Stoli Mixers.
4 Skyy Bomb.
Show this post for a free C22 shot!
we love you3
I hope I get to do the millionaires video
writing a job description for our summer intern....can I include Starbucks delivery?
God Morning!
Iet's start off the today together on KXAN News Today with news,traffic,weather and live from the cowboy breakfastyum!
Can't trust none of this niggas...
Can't trust none of these hoes.
SmokeOut Conversations
I already started, lol.
I'm about to put people on.
you too can slowly stare into space with a smile
Talk by Mark B.
Brown Is Climate Change Good for Democracy at 7:30pm in the JO Performance Hall today.
Join us.
Thanks for making dinner!
You are a good cook!
OMG!!!
I just spoke to Timo Hildebrand!!!
If only we could!
The Great Road was the earliest English thoroughfare developed in the Colonies.
im not sure how to take that..
compliment?
insult?
Sparring at
: RT : I love cooking for boys!
Agra: Milk adulteration on the rise
lmao I hate u
Avengers for the second time....
Pray I stay awake!
I was just going to ask you how this is similar to / different from
Netflix is not letting me view my Instant Que
aw crap.
I owe a beer, or something.
Thank you so much : You're too kind.
We're working on it though, we'll be hitting the road a lot in 2012
In the doc's office to find no appt.
Efficiency at its best.
It's cocktail hour somewhere.
excited to be heading to Seattle soon but anxious about getting everything done today before the fun starts.
Today we gathered for Holocaust Remembrance Day to mourn the millions of lives lost and honor those who risked their lives for others
Updating my resume reminds me I've become a shitty activist.
Maybe if I doctorad my hair, no one will ask me what I'm doing for the movement.
yes!
I hear those are expensive...
save the phone, you get a new one every two years anyway :P
I mean if you know me, you know I LOVE to take pictures so I guess it just makes sense..
Heads up  We're going to make a special announcement about tonight's Chris Robinson Brotherhood show at exactly 4:20 this afternoon!
What if writers communities began organizing to demand pricesetting norms in the new epub market?
HIS IDEAS.
Hahahahaha.
Getting ready for Aprils Birthday Bash at Mastrellas!
Come down April 23rd for a great night of classic rock from The Pretenders, Deep...
Just saw a commercial for frozen fish that said gluten free
I really can't stand that team!!!
However your looking great in that pic!!!
Well my twitter handle is better lol
Golden Ticket: Win ur choice of a live auction item!
Check out catalog for full details or talk to sellers w/ flashing rings!
The Candlestick Park Antique  Collectible Faire for tomorrow has been cancelled!
People look happy, in fact.
So, I reckon it's much ado about nothing.
That's so often the way it is.
Back at you, girl!!
thanks for the follow back.
Great job on the podcast.
Nice photo.
Wish I was there : 
I lol'd at velociraptor toenail
The sex commercials they always have on late night are funny af always got me rolling
no, you don't understand!
Girardi's binder calculated that Bucknor ...
: Thank you for the follow: thank you also!
hey!
I finally decided to follow you on here too!!
I don't even Bike anymore haha it's all about
I'm with Sam.
I'm having a jammies day too.
Why you inspired?
Not true.
Let's just focus on Jillian Barbarie for right now.
What trouble shud I get into tonight hm....
scandalous lights, camera, action someone's making a flick tonight lol XxxoXo
Sweet Boston Sales Guy got an offer to valet cars.
Progress not perfection :
Make a habit of reading something inspiring or cheerful before you go to sleep
Stop walking around in the grocery store eating all the fruit an then blaming it on yo kids 
.
I would watch, but your doctorconian and outdated black out rules prevent me
a lot of people were into selfharm, only because everyone else was doing it.
First of all why the hell did Ezekiel go to Visible Changes lmao.
Heard you had the .
Get well soon, Bitch.
Jarred is now on Twitter  follow him
3rdshift on the grind.
Almost done
Well, I'm very willing to create special brownie deals this week so let me know if your brownie craving gets too intense.
;o
Wiping the slate clean for 2012.
What inspires you?
And He's Always Gonna My Baby Boy No matter Whatn
RT : i want to be reincarnated into anthony bourdain's thumb ring.
I can't wait to hear it!!!
I love you guys!!!
333
Where is that?
Looks alot like coastal NC.
lol I cracked the hell up when I read your response to
It's 11pm on a Sunday and im making Mac  Cheese without milk.
No food in the apt and im starving!
Just mke the announcement already.
I could think of about 100 more words that are more fitting, but it's Monday morning.
I'll keep it PG.
Yale Forum posting on 9 scientists' lessons learned from controversies of past 12 months.
bit.ly/9UYOjt
Had a great time working a product promo for earlier today!
So happy to talk about my fave product: Super Slip Sudsy Shampoo!

how about wine in a pouch or a keg?
TWO.
MORE.
DAYS.
Three more days and then a full on Christmas vacation.
I'll get to dive into some books ...
which ones?
Depends on what Santa brings!
God, thanks.
Life is so crazy these days.
Everyone i know is currently trying to tackle insurmountable odds.
2012 i guess.
I was wondering why you kept tweeting about work and stuff.
It kept adding spam links too.
I only argue wit em when the Lakers on other than that Im getting my Marc Jacobs on
I do it two time a week at the Y.
I'm trying to start teaching it again, now that I have my work authorization.
you can't be lonely here for long.
especially if you broadcast it on twitter :o
NFL doctorft Party!
Aye yo, Andoctorw..
I see you!
OMG THE LIKES ON BOYFRIEND JUST GET HIGHER AND HIGHER :D !!
HATERS ARE SAYING THEY LOVE IT ;D
Mojo back to the farm next year...
PLEASE!!!
This light room is cold as fuck though..
Lol
what's the fine print on the Tuesday Kids eat free?
I have 5 kids.
Be afraid, be very afraid.
Amen :P
Fuck that !!
So why didn't she talked to her calm and collective..
She came at her like it was.going down lol
Job interview tomorrow.
Goodbye, poverty!
How come ESPN doesn't have the match up option on the brackets this year?
Can't compare teams statistics...
God Bless The Jonas Brothers is trending.
Ah, I remember when I was an 8 year old crazed fan Memories Bretana
Thank youI've never been disappointed in Asheville; Thank you for the weather update ; ah nice!!!
When is your class reunion?!
is always delicious!
Then again Al Boccalino is a treat  so is , just up the street.
Bon Appetite!
Rockbottom.
Either that's the lowest point in one's life or Kim Kardashian's ass.
tv: Martin show, In Living Color, early Scrubs, Gilligan's Island, Adult Swim movies: Young Frankenstein, Blazing Saddles, Half Baked
I heard that Today is the first day of the rest of your life I prefer to say that Today is the Last of your Past!
downloading you new iPhone app now!
Thanks for the blessing :
No one wants to help us get to follow us?...okay then
Hope had a wonderful birthday 
Where does the mapping of symbolic name to target English string reside?
Did you write your own genstringslike workflow?
Thanks for the WW!
Hope I'm out on the left coast soon!
My Night Doe !
Lol
that is awesome lol.
That was very well played, have to use that one some time lol
Cell phone: off; Internet: going off; Coffee: brewed, let the studying commence...
my brain hurts
there is a meeting this month about the preposal between perry and oliver highschool now if any adult has anything to say about it come to
For a parking ticket...
lolol...........
are you slow.
give me some blogs to follow...
acctually nevermind i'll just look at who you reblog slow one
nice.
come on down to State and 4th :
Thank you kindly for the RTs and mentions...
congrats making the tourney.
Good luck to you and the bobcat nation.
We will be cheering for you here in Marietta.
Commissioning on Twitter!
LOVE spending notmy for awesome ideas on my couch in my underwear far better than in the office
Tonight you can catch Envy Protege Fashion show at the Other Side arts Venue on 1644 Platte Street, Denver, Co 80202 3 starts at 6pm
where are you
Sorry Araknsas!
AP sources: Arkansas hiring John L.
Smith as interim coach to replace Bobby Petrino next season.
congratulations, Jennifer  I thought you kept it together pretty well!
Ima delete my instagram app off my phone on Thursdays..
yall invade my timeline with your throwback struggle pictures
nmmm I just got home; u?
If you think swimming isn't a sport you are an idiot and you should try completing one practice.
You will probably die.
You're welcome!
:D
Happy Monday everyone!
Hope your week starts off well :
great talks by both and Mackenzie Smith
Having a great time pickin' and singin' at the
Let me out of here !!!
WTF Franklin went digital!
that's jive!
hi pal.
I couldn't find my psych paper.
Sowwy.
!
: Today is the day!
Come visit us at The Market located at 328 W.
14th St.
We will be here until 7pm!
He picked Boston for his fantasy challenge!
And, 3rd day at work and they already gave him a 1 raise
that was two days ago about the convo with me and mark and I have to tell u something else...wat happened to u??
:'
Enjoy your meal during dinner the dining experience turns into dance known 4city of best nightlife in Baltimore!
This Female That i Keep Seeing In My TL Wants Lola's Cookies.
XD
But evil requires the sanction of the victim, amirite??
where did you guys go?
Congrats to Heather Bowe  Jenny Lindner on being named Cloverbelt West  East Division Players of the Year!
We offer multiple quotes from an array of companies to provide the best coverage along with the best premium for our customers.
Klout  it is helpful as a reference, not as an authority 
of course your welcome.
your awesome!
My doctorams be telling me shit!!
I think it would do so well here.
Maybe Georgetown?
Chickfila for dinner
I have such a baby face it pisses me off
Nearly 50 youth signed up for our customer service seminar tomorrow!
Wish us luck!
Can't believe I was too scared to watch Super 8...it's so good...so new millennium ET u Rock
My coworkers have seen my undies more times than is kosher.
It's a game now.
Just have to be sure i always wear interesting panties.
and i just walked outside and its freezing!!!!
you're beautiful!
Theres no reason you should feel bad about yourself!
I haven't.
But I'm guessing I should go download it right now!!
Lol
9:30 a.m.
and 11:30 a.m.
is prime time.Give reporters enough time to meet their deadlines.
They need 3 hours for the best story results.
Slatest makes exc.
point.
Why have 50 reporters from 50 outlets chasing 1 story?
Share story  pursue 49 new stories
Thrilled that will be teaching at my Alma Matar Fordham.
hello only place i can freely vent.
FUCK!!!!!!!!
FUCK FUCK!!!!!
Who's going to cover the stuff in Boston?
I recommend you hire a freelance guy named
thanks.
Anything i can do to boost your rpms
YouCuteAndAllBut you talk like someone smacked you with a slang dictionary.
Speak some proper grammar.
Man, oh man!
Split pea and ham soup, cornbread, hot tea, The Gories on the box as I watch snow pile up outside!
This is LIVIN'!
Can you quit being so bored at work and taking pics of random things haha
add a goal, work on spelling.
personal
Nothing bout to eat...
u going tomorrow?
Hawaii olympian shares history, heritage of spearfishing
The TellTale Pancreas
lol I'm slightly disappointed that it's not a wisk.
:
It Bee The Dumbest FUNNIEST Cutest Saddest Rawest Shidd On Tumblr Lbvss ;
Wow, trained for an hour.
It's been a minute since I trained outside, I need to stop going to the gym so much!
oh, my hands are shivering...
too much WII for today
lol she tired of us ignoring her every year lol
I think we got our dough too thin!
I have 1 quadoctorllion of US Treasury Bonds for sale.
They are in an old US Army trunk.
I will sell them cheap.
Lmk!
Another day at school of massage therapy MLK is on monday no school but keep on studyin tho i luv my school.
Telling myself I won't regret that my gestalt moment of paper writing came on a Sat night when I'm traipsing through Germany in a month...
Had a great visit at today with to see Royalists to Romantics and explored the other exhibitions.
vote let's bring her back a third or wait 4th time lol
There were a few days when nothing snipworthy was occurring  thanks for your concern!
Not one Damn thing to do at 2:45am.
Who knew?!!!!
Bored outta my mind
Lisa Lampanelli is coming to Comedy Works late October.
Who's in?
my mom just asked me why i tweet you all the time.
the answer is cause i will never give the doctoram up of following me.
Jjajajaj Yupii..!
Go to Acapulco the Sunday..!
Jjaja flow me back??
Yes or not
I'll have to catch up on some work notes by Monday.
:
I'm so tired and I just want sleep so bad.
When church folk get excited they'll usually say 'Amen'....i like to say....'Yaymen'...it just sounds more fun adding the 'yay'
thanks for the follow Jim.
Please spread the work about us
great site!
Not sure who I want to vote for tonight.
NASHVILLE: Tommorow!
TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS  BOTTLES NIGHT EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/5 TILL 12A!
Please RT
Cardio day to workout the soreness.
please follow I love all your videos'!!:D!!!!!
i gotta get some medicine soon my dogg
Do you have a favorite from CES this year?
Fantastic design at CES Photos  Fantastic design at CES Pictures  Yahoo!
News via
...Dont u hate it, sweet doctorams ;D
Yeah, sorry about that.
Glad you saw it was spam.
Just heard Depeche Mode and thought of you...
This is what I was talking about.....
ya.seriously.
Okay, that's it...after this year's I'm making it official.
NOT filling out a bracket next year!
Done  Done.
not sure what to say about that...
omg then doctornking will keep you up more , and omg NyQuil works too :!
RT : Getting the right players together leads to a wonderful experience
I love the word pocket.
Also, for some reason, mozzarella.
Abd giggle.
They're just so fun to say.
What's happening at right now?
They started airing the Tonight Show as usual but then it switched to Jimmy Fallon after a minute.
no we never practice we have it Thursday
Bite Your Tongue.
: was Black Sheep mentioned?
Is that supposed to be a bad thing?
It sounds kind of fun, actually.
My wisdom tooth that's coming out made a cut in my mouth /:
It's easy to forget how much easier it is to work on a project when you stop thinking about it and just start doing it.
Lest we forget.
If the city never sleeps then that makes two.
act like she can't buy me a baseball bat.
But I still love her though
I wanna be Filipino thou.
They're cool.
Thank you!
Good win
additional items: eat from 30 different Austin food trailers, run a 5K, attend Austin City Limits
Potential negative side effects frm doctornking Forever Aloe Gel: NONE!
Order today!
Stay healthy so U won't have 2 use chemicals  doctorgs!
If you're in Vegas tonight, its not too late to get down to or  2 of the best parties on the Planet!
my anxiety level has to be at its max right now.
Thanks Teri!
We're excited to share in the Twitter trail love.
It is.
You thinking I'm a bigger bitch than you?
That's funny stuff.
yes well most of them that aren't greedy.
so excited for you to play for us June 5th!
that is a good accomplishment!
If you were in Dallas I'd take you out for coffee to celebrate!
scar from the lion king
oh and whats the topic tomorrow?
How's the mask doing?!
AllAMC Baseball Team was announced today.
Pioneers get 7 on 1st Team, 1 on 2nd Team.
Torres Coach of the Year, Peluso Pitcher of the Year
It's so hard to blog w/ a 16 month old hell bent on preventing it
It's going to be a great week for Dogging in Indy this week...
All the UDID talk over the past 2 weeks is grt.
Now its time for us in the industry to execute!
Moving on benefits the entire ecosystem GO!
get on it!

do u have any skills beside basketball  a couple  LOL..funny question
Lookin for a place for Jacob to ride this weekend on his Cobra.
Anyone know any tracks that are still open?
This CeeLo character singing for the NBAPlayoffs on ESPN looks like an overweight chocolate Easter bunny with bite size snickers for arms.
Follow back Chick!
Fun day hanging out with Babbie Mason taping Babbie's House!!!
Follow these people
I'm attending so many concerts this summer.
Going to three Thrice shows, Murder By Death, mewithoutYou and who knows what else.
irving is an ass nxt tyme i c yuh hope yuh run faster
I have that car ha
Thanks for the follow!
Yeah hey flew over here on Thursday and on Friday he started working and i got to meet him
I hope you watched, although my spoiler tweet will make you happy :
I believe u were thinking something else  miss spoke in English.
Hell, u do it all the time.Have a translator for awhile.
Lol
A gr8 tchr should be able to do amazing work in a room of white walls!
It would be interesting research!
it's in the terms of use.
You've already consented.
Jubilation, Whole Foods on Carlisle, and Kelly Liquors on Wyoming are the only places carrying it
I want them for me.
picks the 11 best illustrated childoctorn's books of 2011.
brainpickings.org/index.php/2011
Good day tweeples, what a fabulous day in S.Fl.
gottaloveit :
uh  easiest question of the day.
iphone.
no debate.
I realize this is an argument that will go nowhere but: while I admit the superiority of the socratic NYC slice, I reject the notion
...
too windy and cold for the great game of golf in the great city of denver today ...
tommorrow ?
Josh Hamilton is unreal.
That ball was up and in, I have no idea how he hit that.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
I woulda talked to you but I was at dinner with mom.
Misquoting Doc Holliday, my rudeness only goes so far.
:
SHARON NEEDLES!
Great to hear!
Don't let them overload on Buffalo wings and Tim Hortons.
: ...
Perfect end 2 an always fun night w/ dept is playing essentials front 2 back!
got to go bye tweeters love y'all
No because I haven't had a nap in months.
Word, Go In A Foe!
Having movie night at my house
Good point.
And to think I was alone on this issue.
I lock the door behind me when no one is home because nothing seems worse than being attacked while you are on the toilet.
cool let's go
omg i hate myself oppsieee!
i love maury so much.
That's a question for !
smbaustin RT : And about that Tweet/Book contest thingy?
San Antonio: Much of the work week, we'll have p/cloudy skies.
Few Shwrs Thursday and Friday.
Today: P/cloudy, High 84.
Hunt for a Doberge Cake in Houston continues....
Save the Cow and the Chicken eat more Hot Steamed Crabs!
well I'm absolutely down for that.
I start work at 6 so anytime before that
yea the cheapest I've seen is 70
no been in gatlinburg and headed back north
Youve still got a chance to WIN A NEW 16gb iPAD just by having doctornks at Fire during the NCAA Tourney, stop in for details!
Watching finding nemo with in Critical thinking!
ur so done in the Playoffs lol
Ira furor brevis est  Anger is a brief insanity.
Bummed that the office was a clip show tonight.
I will!!
Hope all my alumnae and professorssor friends tweet from Commencement today.
I swear, a glass of wine works better on me than a case of Ambien.
I miss you too !
Oh Kay sleep good ; !
Love you too 
Shawna, East County Biz Center's resident message therapist, is offering a one hour message for only 354563754
Thank you 
: New music from and in a matter of minutes!!!
RETWEEEEET!!
Follow Back please 3
My coffee cup had orange tea in it yesterday.
Today my coffee has a slight orange taste, it's oddly delicious.
Good Morning!
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Woah..actually felt that quake..wild sensation.
Glad it was nothing big.
Looks like tomorrow is the day!
Keep your eyes peeled for some fresh storefront art if you're in downtown cville
OFFSTAGE: Rascal Flatts Reveal Top Crying Songs
abbeyroad medley, rain, and cold toes.
oncetherewasaway to get back home.
Haha.
I'm not homesick.
Vacations are just way more fun with you.
Cruise for my birthday, then to Palm Springs to talk for Autism Society, then to MA for my daughters graduation, then back to NY.
I do not wanna do homework.
But I have to 
Let's go we got this!!!
Nope it's King Arthur's REALLY BIG MAGICAL SWORD!
Enjoy!
Parents39; student loan debt
Cardinals way to go cards fans still in the game
bedtime for me.
my birthday is in 8 days...yay
I'm thinking about building an Ark.
That is an unachievable doctoram for me.
I tip my hat to you.
The full moon isn't 'til tomorrow, but I feel like doing my Tarot cards tonight.
Perhaps one of my many weaknesses has been an oversupply of confidence Lowell Thomas
You guys, try not to fall through metal chairs.
You will get stuck and it will take 3 people to help get you up and you will get scratched
AirForum2011 Stop by booth 30 to learn how to get 75 online course evaluation response rates.
MyClassEvaluation by IOTA Solutions.
Wanna record that?
not kidding
can't wait to see the commercials
Hi Norma!
How's it in your region?
:
pleez follow mee im new to twitter and needs advice
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Spongebob squarepants!
Who died of an oil spill cause of BP?
Spongebob squarepants!
RT We love dogs!
Send us a photo of your baby and we will pick one to post on our Facebook page!
im right by oomf rite now
we can date just move to tx
Wow, thx for all the compliments!
I'm going to take you up on that cause mkting follow up...
In we went up 1 to 49.5 almost 50 come on teammindless lets win this for
You STAY hungry
that's what she said!
Cleveland is the headline story on
I blame it on the Model broad with the Hollywood Smile, stripper Booty  a Rack like Woww
Textaphrenia  thinking you've heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message.
aaaahhh love it!!!
Childoctorn's WIP for Tweens, has become decidedly serious.
Going back in for more.
looks like a nice night out tonight
Congrats to Jennifer Old!
Winner of our 250 Holiday Feast Giveaway.
Thanks to all who entered.
Check back for more contests coming soon!
I'm a stubborn nigga mayne
I got that garage band app for the iphone ipod right..and i must say its a pretty awesome ass app....GREAT buy
thinking about relationships and relativity...
They are not one in the same...
I'm spinnin in your head, spinnin in your head, spinnin in your head.
Done.
Thank goodness they forgot the second one.
If you're thinking of attending my talk, I'm way less nervous in that setting!
Zombie junk heads in
Duh!
Just saw that you already read it.
It's the sun stroke!
: Hope u r having a great time!
More soccer Coachisms: You can't teach that.
I know I can't anyway.
i know that feel broseph
is one awesome woman!
Jus Gttn Off Fina Gt N Bed Wen I Gt Home
sings to Rae I wouldn't care if you was a prahhhhstitooooot, annnat you hit 'err man that you, ehhhhva knew
My mom wants to watch The Avengers, no lie this will be the third time!
Send me those slides!
Thanks Holly!
yes spread the word :
Austin's curly is sexy af
When I look int the distant future, I see us tweeting 2gether in real time sitting in our wheel chairs.
and walkers.
Sincere Sweet Tweet
wonder what it'd take to meet that someday.
listenin to your music forever man
keep in mind I did just bike 50 miles yesterday
Sun is shining in Wales!
Feels like summer!!
Hope it stays like this for my birthday in 3 days!
Betty Buckley on stage at 's 25th Emery Awards!
Well good night Word of advice PLEASE don't get on my bad side tomorrow I'm going to be very stressed out I'm gonna try not talking tomorrow
There's a 90 degree day in the 7day forecast.
In 2011, PDX didn't see 90 degrees until August 20th!
I know they sell them at rei
all I am saying is 214MM can buy a lot of pizza
lol.
You ain't gotta tell me twice !
Thanks dude, didn't sink the ship...
If u say ur Mexican well make sure u kno wat holidays r when an that CincoDeMayo isn't a real Mexican Holiday
One week till prom!
6 weeks til school is out..
this school year flew by fast
call me n u will get ya head ripped off!
Democratic office on the north side is crazy busy today
ah, when ur at a comp !
TONIGHT: Brent Glass on the Future of Museums at at 7 PM.
Sponsored by
Debra Stevens
good one Paul ;
I haven't been to Red hook in a while.
Had a great meal across from the Ikea.

FlipBook App on the iPad  doctorid to FlipBook saving  long car ride boredom averted!
good job!
Thx for cleaning 'em up for
Friday, February 10 is my 63rd birthday!
I was born on February 10, 1949 at 5:33am in Washington, D.C.
Interested in astrological reading.
The spring concert was perfect 
I can't wait to spend the night with the love of my life tonight.
:
.
Yeah, the should I throw this away yet does force me to read.
But email might do same?
My Automotive Technology Highschool Class has really helped increase my tolerance level
Saturday Night with DJ CUT aka The King of Albuquerque spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB!
doctornk specials all night long !
Happy Monday!
The weekend weather was a nice change!
how is your spring looking?
Who are you singing for?
What's in your audition book?
If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music
Scottish Clad bagpiper playing Amazing Grace at sunsetwow!
You can't believe how insanely good the music made for SexyResuts is.
Can't stop listening to it a million times in a row.
thats not what he said
come on budknocker get it right buddy
You talk like a shit salesman with a mouthful of samples
2 week break from dance, and I don't know what to do with my life.
Face hurts again..
:/
Thanks to for mentioning 20 Mayoral Questions col at last night's sdmayornp bash.
Much appreciated!
It's clean up time.
Always better when you put some PFUNK it iT!
Funky....
yeah.
Burn Rubber.
cause you and yo folks love me  my folks.
THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT ONE!
From seeking spiritual enlightenment, to climbing the corporate ladder, the things a person seeks from life usually take effort to achieve.
Taxes: filed!
Refund: in process!
Philly sports fans up in arms.
JR has been taking a beating all day.
lol.
yay, thank you for the mention!
Happy Valentines day!
Investors wanted!
Great income properties, 4060 below market value!
Several with financing in place and 0 down!!
Call me today!!
I could take Rahzvan, bro.
I can do it.
Does anyone else have a problem with cracked closet doors at bedtime?
Wide open, no problem.
Cracked...
good morning LosAngeles, doctorve safe everybody!
welcome to the Patriots, you are gonna fit in well and kick some ass.
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT about Lupus dermatological issues with Activist Leyla Moreno
Tuesday Special: Regular Beef or Polish, topped with carmalized onions, only 2.50!
Also try fresh baked chocolate chip pumpkin cookies!
Pokadotted and Young Nick Cannon
I'm tired of hearing about the MexArmydoctorgCartel who keep crossing our borders.
Time 4 Texans 2 remind them about
is a douche
I Wish He Stop Calling Me 
I'm never gonna let this down just so you know lmao
Oprah hasn't been hot since '84.
Jane was hot in the '70s.
I will NEVER buy dairy products from California.
: Camo gear to prepare for battle on the field.
baseballswag
Completed jobs going through.
Things are looking up.
Saying goodbye to the familiar.
Hello to change.
Will our childoctorn look back on 2008 as a test of capitalism?
Singing with karoline and joshua!
Justin Nozuka still awesome
I bought this book last week!
It's absolutely perfect.
On the nose Sameer!
Chilly in the city tonight
Just wanted to say hello...r u still in Chicago?
Blessings!
Working remotely  enjoying Led Zep Pandora while working on reports about blogging, academic quality  MALS marketing.
Happy Thanksgiving!
are you getting a new one?
Get well soon!
That's wild!
RT : a fun part of defense was when my advisor brought up 's SEM paper from LA in 2010.
Kennedy asks whether SB1070 allows detention if it takes 2 weeks to determine imm status.
Stop the torture
My kitty is an ICONiac Too..!
:
yea hot of a guy lol!!!
ATown
Kirk Bloodsworth, first person to be exonerated from death row through postconviction DNA testing speaks first at deathpenalty event
Shout out 2 rg3 I still don't like the redskins tha
Good win Grizz!!
priceless newplay insight
Now that was scary
hmm...
sounds like an interesting combination.
As long as the superhero hybrid has my hair...
Love my ear stretchers
Have to say...i have the most amazing followers!!!
Thank you all for watching my music videos and all your amazing support!!!
You Rock!!!
Today is Valentine's Day.
Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.
Jay Leno
you are a sweetheart the only contestant i've seen do ballet justice on miss america was my girl miss d.c.
!
TeamFollowBack i follow back i promise!!!
First20SongsOnShuffle 7.
They Say You Won't Come Back Breathe Carolina
RT The hipster who lives above my restaurant is playing  imagine on his his didgeridoo......
no, calling them violent thugs and pointing out that an 1800 tuition hike is really not that much
Lol!
Awesome!
And I wish I could!!!
:
Great presentation today at the sold out Financial Women's Association Entrepreneurs Luncheon!
Come In  Join Us For Our 1 Year Anniversary TODAY.
Great Dinner Specials, Come Celebrate With Us.
my slow dance brings all the girls to the yard
Veggie pizza and hot lime Cheetos : tasty!
Lift my hands and spin around
Love and basketball, waiting to exhale, thin line between love and hate, dont be a menace to south central while doctornk yo juice in the hood!
Yes, that would be nervewracking for sure!
I think someone wants me to scale down the side of the Hilton Hotel.
nowplaying In My Life by The Beatles
Enjoy some Baker Babes Bakery sweets with your brunch this Friday at McCormick  Schmick's restaurant at Beachwood Place mall.
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
Good to know!
People have been saying soy is a thyroid inhibitor too and that Trader Joe's almond milk is good.
Trying next!
do you have Austin's Bright Light Social Hour on your radar?
Totally should.
This Friday at Outriggers Comedy Room a Evening with Tixs on sale www.whatsfunnylive.com
My girl is seriously the cutest.
glass does break.
Sounds like an oh crap moment.
Everyone go follow cause he's a solid dude, ladies get him while you can!!
must.
reschedule.
our.
HH!!!!!
When you wear cold underarmor and then get super hot..
Hey Dumo.
How's the globetrotting going?
Thanks for being so nice to me, and for spreading the word!
Looking forward to tonight's PageantCast  tune in to hear our ad spot!
Gonna finish tonight by expressing the joy that I feel because is following me!
: 
Do the Indianapolis Colts win a game this year?
The Good Life!
Hands down!
so.bored.
OUR DEAR BABY IS IN HOSPITAL WITH RSV PLEASE PRAY FOR HIM THANK U ALL
yessir.
I loved how offbeat it was.
The guy who does the music for my films is friends with Jack Plotnick
On a conference call with Congressman Ed Markey discussing kids' privacy follow the conversation on Twitter:
Look not lol.
Late lunch at Spring the Korean restaurant hidden away in GMart in Beav.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
the American Academy for the Advancement of Science Conference in Boston
Modeling tip.
The Golden Ratio is 1.62.
Memorize this number and when you need to scale something nonprecise use this instead of 1.5
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
Joseph Campbell Happy Digitalsisterhood Wednesday!!
Check your math?
Not WalkerFailure.
His own special jobs s not yet reviewed by 3rd party Bureau Labor Stats prior to release
I guess I'll watch Avengers on my laptop
We'll shake shake shake the night away...
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Samuel Johnson
I'm bout 2 handle that
If it says no parking during rush hour then you CAN'T park there
lol thank you :
If you're gonna click like on a photo, be sure to also click like for my page!!!!
: THANK YOU!!!!!!
: SexThatMake , you grab on to the covers underneath you :D that's how a man knows he's doing his job lol
Bb boy looks so precious right now 
Who would've thought.
LA
R.I.P.
Uncle Harvey!
We love  will miss you very much!
I believe that's somethin like 17 relatives in da past 17 years to pass away on me!
NFL football games start at 4:30.
The road to the Super Bowl happens at Whiskey Tango!!
while I love WWE , they have to watch some TNA tag team matches to see how it is done !
Beer Money vs machine guns last night ruled !!!
So cute!
ASOS had an awesome poodle sweater recently too, I should try to find that.
way worse
I am new to it also
I'm not leaving till tomorrow!!3
Wasn't a great game but it was good enough to get the W.
Let's keep it rollin!
L.A.
All Day!
haa awww thank you.; hahaa did it feel weird holding hands even tho were friends.?x
I love being misterKarrs TA, this class is fun!
: A Libra is the perfect woman to keep a lasting and steady loving relationship with.
Im on the verge.
RT : which is why I quit
Bennett tweets his final 4, we're out but zeroes remain, damnit.
on Romar's tombstone: Couldn't Land a Doninant Big Man
I'm always late.
Sorry I'm on delay
All finished.
Time for sleep.
How do you feel about the Facebook brand Timelines?
Writing musicals with all night.
I hate when people ask me shit I already told them the awnser to..
Sublime is my new obsession.
PhD student sleep schedule.
I slept from 6AM to 12PM.
Barry and I are running the Disney half marathon at 6 am in the morning.
Temperatures below 30 expected and maybe rain.
Please wish us luck!
After college, almost everyone seems to overestimate my age.
I'm aging in DOG YEARS!
My pizza and beer cleanse is not rejuvenating.
Good morning everyone working in NYC today gotta go beat the traffic 126st and Broadway ill be making my own traffic jam
Come to Ute Pass Library today for teen bookclub  4.
That was almost Zimmermanlike.
taking notes
Patient: Doc help me.
Some days I think I'm Mickey Mouse some days Donald Duck Doctor: How long have you had these Disney spells?
Just put up my trampoline!
Hurt myself in the process :/ can't wait for summer!!
In all seriousness, it wouldn't surprise me if the official name of this bowl has a hashtag or an  symbol in it.
yes please.
It's a joke and needs to be eliminated.
I can tweet from course
Realize that true happiness lies within you.
Lucian
Singing both parts of nothing even matters by lauryn hill and d'angelo.
It's crazy warm outside
Italy in 2 days.
Wow, am I really going on vacation?
RIP Donna Summer.
Your legend lives on.
I've done that!
I seen footage of you big homie, killin em on stage..
and ppl screaming!
When you comin home?
IM SMOKING LOUD A.K.A THAT BRAIN KILLA..
A
so look out for that chick!
she was worried about the doctorss code...
I said...
wear jeans, the end.
lol.
Gabby Gifford is to sit with US house of representatives tonight for the last time before stepping down.
Presidential addoctorss live now.
i now love ginger ale.
when did that happen?
Fair enough.
I figure different, but no expert.
YAYYYY, I'm included!
:D
I'm fairly certain that What is an Author?
in the Rabinow edition is actually missing many crucial passages.
When it comes to Newt Gingrich, my 1st question is: Women willingly fucked that guy!?
2nd question: Were they concious and/or sober?.
Is their offense really good or is our defense just that bad?
Brains, berries, and tshirt ordered.
Now I just hope the come in time for all events.
Roll up its
gonna lipsync or sing bro??
Nice SHORTS opening
Almost off of work fucking exhausted ready to smoke n take a couple of doctornks
The new network primetime lineups: CBS the best; ABC promising; NBC aggressive but misguided; Fox too quiet; The CW limits itself
Finished about an hour ago.
: Is tonights show taping right now?
I take back all my irritations with the early warm temps, come back please!
I was always like What's the big deal with inbox 0?
then I got a job  started missing meetings  failing to answer important questions.
Hornets announcer Plenty of great seats available 20122013 season tickets!
Do not lose any sleep over this!
he sounds very insecure this is a ballroom gown compared to what the girls wear to the bar I work at.
nothing wrong at all
do you want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
I officially made it through my work day on no sleep.
Quite proud of myself.
Now getting ready to crash.
FridayReads Love, Terror, and an American Family in Hitler's Berlin, Erik Larsson So far, less cerebral than his usual fare.
No I don't want to go to Chicago.
Don't we make TV in Hollywood anymore?
You KNOW it's time to see a dentist.
Just do it promise we'll take great care of you : We're in Manhattan, call us 2122657150
does not work for men.
Working out !
Oh yeah!
At work bored than a mutha bout to go to work
First thing doctor asked me was if I use QTips, and he said QTips are bad.
And that's something I've read before online as well.
Yay for words!
And dinosaurs!
Wouldn't miss tcamp12 session w/esteemed Tom Steinberg on improved opensource opengov code sharing, esp.
internationally.
An inspiration.
nice seeing you at
But yo, OKC losing to LA though.
Just thought I let yall know.
Pitchfork readers poll picked Bon Iver the top album of 2011 as well as the most overrated album of 2011.
Well that makes sense...
A Good Friend Calls you in jail A Great Friend Bails you out of jail YOUR BEST FRIEND Sits next to you while saying wasn't that fun?
I JUST ADDED ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS I HOPE EVERYONE HAS A FUN AND SAFE HOLLOWEEN CHECK OUT MY NEW PICS
oh it's going great!!!
haha almost done with it.
I'm going to be screening it at my school theatre : D how's life going?haha
Dear spammers  go buy a billboard on the highway!!!!
: Cigarette time.
; just incase y'all didn't know.
Don is a hoe and won't share his smokes with me.
no im not!!
Theres only 4 people have called me pretty other that my mom ..
:
Confidence is a stain u cant wipe off
sorry.
domain name not for sale either.
best of luck!
Happy sabbath!
it's all being done in the name of rights.
They have the same rights as we do, but marriage?
Pray for them.
Does this kid have a fucking name or what?
doctorp the coy bullshit already.
Omg, is coming out with a Minnie Mouse collection?!?!
Two of my absolute favorites put together.
cries
I aint did shit all of a sudden that bitch trippin lol
Retired administrator wants more support to home grow bilingual teachers.
Not out of country.
Not alt cert teachers.
you're welcome:
IfIWasPresident I'd be elected on Friday.
Assassinated on Saturday.
Buried on Sunday.
Hamilton hits a solo home run to tie the game with Angels.
Josh Hamilon 9 HRs in last 6 games.
Beast.
Rangers playing great.
Great stuff!
Thanks!!
My new album Media Relations by The Long Lost Notes is now on iTunes, CD Baby, Amazon, etc.
You can buy all the tracks there and you...
that's a beautiful thing
I just killed a bitch with success.
Anyone want to buy a jeep ?
Proof that women will survive the zombie apocalypse.
Women are smarter!
talking dead
Hahahaha Thanks, baby.
Could it be?
My day is over?
Time to head home!
Woohoo!
is napa valley kinda like hunt valley?
Does it involve your awesome dancing?
yay Shannon!
Human SEO rocks at presenting.
Boston fans are mad cause people of color kick ass!
WhenAustin says thank you in his shy voice.
:
Spent the wkend in Vegas!
Saw Celine and Cirque's O  absolutely stunning!
Maybe I should work in cirque rather than opera?!
Spring break is officially over.
: I guess I'll go start my project.
Lots of concerts coming up, we'll keep you posted.
Be sure to say hi!
AUSTIN MAHONE SHIRTLESS!!
Now that I have ya attention plz follow my twitter friends and I follow u and so will he
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?
Bob
just use it to influence your creative juices!
hallo andoctora I'm still awake, we can write who you follow me
Girl comes into class with 5 mins left and tells her friend she got hit by a bus.
Then her friend starts cracking up.
Why come to class?
If MLB cheering were based on songs though, , everyone in the world would be a Marlins fan.
I mention like not lie
thanks for the shout out!
2010 Badgers commits Vince Biegel, Reggie Mitchell, Jake Rademacher and Walker Williams are at the spring game
Tits.
I'm such an awful person for doing that 
Giants are my second favorite team, that would be a fun game!
Strong showing by Clippers in tough arena.
Impressed.
And a tad surprised.
Take me somewhere nice.
My company issued 2007 Lenovo T61 has finally cracked from the pressure of a 4day folder sync.
Spinning for 2 hours.
Dumb men hustle for hoes, young men hustle for clothes, BRAVE men hustle for goals.
Tomorrow is 11/11/11 ...
and at 11:11am, we extend a warm, if intoxicated, welcome to Carnival season in Germany.
August is here and we've got some HOT deals just for you!
We'll be announcing them tomorrow.
Check back  be the first to know!!!
Having lunch with 3 cute women
YOU are my HERO today for the RT 25,000,000 childoctorn suffer, have no voice in the world  go unaided.
Thank you!
anytime boo
ME!!
I am hell yeah
To blonde or not to blonde, that is the question.
zombies of the night.
Found a number in the back of my shirt tonight..I didn't feel anyone touch me..
eek not sure if its creepy or just funny definite first
Panther Securities  Final Results
Get directions from Japan to China on Google Maps and check out
All that counts right?!?
lol
A2: Not a huge fan of uploading video on the go due to the many complications that occur, plus we like to edit a little.
Thanks for The Love.
It Was A Good Read.
Follow Me IB
Yeah buddy paulydpregame :D lets do this Jersey Shore Style!!!
no idea but gotta do something sick..any ideas?
his lady are both supporters so let's all get at it
Hey, homie.
Did you survive NYC?
Happy hour this week?
will she lead efforts to make birth to 5 programs eligible for permanent fund 
when the part in your head looks like you had brain surgery, then you doing too much
Someone text me
Okay.
It only makes sense, seeing as our relationship is entirely sustained through social networking.
oh crap!
Yes!
I'll do it now : x
: I am pretty sure there is a fittuesday and if there isn't, it starts today!
Hondas awesome interactive ad, by the guys that made Old Spice viral
aw thanks 
It's cold in Hawaii.
I'm gonna die in Alaska
what normal person has to get up this early?
oh yeah, no one cause all the other counties start school a hour later then us.
I know I'm late on this...but how did I not know that has a ReadingRainbow app in the works?
My childhood meets 2012
Thanks  same back at ya!
I wanna go home!
Im so tired
Is it me or does twitter act bootleg at times??
yep, almost every year
u have probs u know
EVERYBODY I JUST MADE DA PAGE FOR THE TEAM GO FOLLOW  we'll follow back
nevermind just getting it on the green.
But within 8 feet of the cup?
David is serving up his special SOUR CHERRY MARGARITAS for only 3 this weekend.
Just say you saw it online and get in on his amazing deal!
Work and packing up the apartment...it's nasty out so at least I'm doing something that keeps me inside!
So tired of guys !
There all the same!3
Yea, wow...
I'm surprised by this.
We need to set the pace in San Francisco for the rest of the country
so inception's kind of a rip off of paprika...
I think you should take route 3.
The rise of the waterproof nano is upon us...
Cuz wen the lights go off, that's wen ppl like me stand up, and make ppl like yu break.
Tigers need to find another closer Papa Grande has lost his mojo
A busy night at SBN as aerorefugees file in to wait out storm.
how come u can't do ustream on Friday and Sunday???
Today was such a hectic day w/ client  class presos.
I would say TGIF, but this weekend kicks recruitment into full gear!
Congrats to and everyone at Double Fine for reaching 1m donations!
just make sure Psychonauts 2 happens after this!
is redesigning my office/studio space.
Planning to move locations over the next few weeks.
There's a twentysomething dude in this bar who's doctorssed exactly like Bear Bryant.
Make sure you have a welcome Mat on board fa me...!
lol
Thanks for the shout out, I appreciate your support and kind words of encouragement.
Cheers  Continued Success.
See you soon.
What my dad just said to my family: well everyone, I have to go poop!
Follow these fine folks
Super Mario's fame appeared in the 1981 Donkey Kong.
His original name was Jumpman it was changed to Mario to honor Mario Segali
S/O to  thanks for the follow
that's why Cameron went down in that sub.
ECU Jack reaction.
Sinking
cold and snowy here in Rochester!
make it a great day!
I feel disjointed this week.
I blame the lack of coffee and excess of reading.
I hate when people think others are talking bout them.
They need to know facts before they say shit
Hi John!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com Thanks!
why do I even bother
A5 Adults fear death b/c they're concerned of a life unfulfilled.
Childoctorn don't even consider dying b/c they're busy living.
anyway to know which doctornking pub songs the ONCE cast plays before the start of the show?
You guys rocked!
I love you!
Great time on Gilded Lilys this week!!!
oh yes!
Just came out this week.
Off to New Hampshire and Vermont for the day with a couple of old friends.
Come for dinner located in lobby of the  RT : Dover Sole on special tonight!
One of my very favorites....
Played the board game called Game of things lastnight with my besties!
We were some crazy girls.......haha
well and you?
:
I guess Ol' Gutierrez didn't have the molasses for a mayoral race.
Do YOU have the molasses, Rahm?
Do you?
back at ya.
Big hugs.
Yes.
Versus having to limit the way in which a thing can be created, I prefer starting from scratch.
I'm full on TV dinners.
follow my othe act i'll follow back: 
I hate when websites ask, Are you human?
....no, I'm a alien.
Ching Ching : Ting Tings
Looking forward to it!
Heading back to Indy from Winamac.
Too many miles to think :/
Everyone please follow , a new charity to help disabled pay for med equip not covered by insurance.
I don't take disrespect lightly
Hard to move on when you always regret one..
74.
Sunny.
0 chance of rain.
Yes, please.
Bring on tomorrow.
Whoa!
Juliet Simms!
if you don't think I'm putting this on my brand new blog they gave me today.....
you crazy
RT : Hey could I burn a copy of your Nickleback CD?
Seriously, crazy guy at the bar, when I repeatedly tell you that TV lies about the stories they tell, it means stop commenting on them to me
RT doctorps selection for the weekend: Tom Collins, Mojito, Cherry Chzcake, Sour Grape, Spiced Apple.
To name a few...
Baby Hood is moving like crazy!
Boy or girl???
Find out tomorrow!!!
make sure to follow Seattle's original car service founded 2006 specializing Ballard, belltown cap hill.
Industry bar favorites.
Anytime you watch sports here you have a good connection!
I hope you can make it back soon.
check out splash watersports on rt 19.
I think they offer courses through CCAC.
You guys made us proud here in Israel last night great job my America Israel Racing!
Onto Vegas!
I call shenanigans: conflating experience/training with ease of use.
Keep your chin up, someday there will be happiness again.
Robin Hood.
MarriageEquality This country must change the President knows this if 2 of the same Sex wants Marriage.
That is all good with Me.
Showed up to a costume party, costumes were cancelled.
Introducing the kid to Austin Powers : yup...he's a fan!!
So, what do you do now?
There's always going to be challenges to anything anyone thinks is worthwhile.
Always.
I have an anger problem..
Valentine's Day is 2 weeks from today.
Dedicate a song to your special someone now thru 2/10 for a chance to have it played on
Approximate start time for USA vs FIU is 7:30 pm ET as the grounds crew is working to prepare the field.
: : Im gone ride a bike butt ass naked through Buckingham one day!
WATCH!!!
IM WITH YOU!!!!!Y.O.L.O Mane
I hate when I have to make people repeat themselves cuz i hate when I have to do it lol
Do you guys keep a personal and professorssional account?
Yes, and I witnessed every minute of it.
woohoo!
I'm hanging out over by Gate 42.
Looking forward to the weekend!
your love never fails.
It never gives up never runs out on me!
I second that!
i got u ....im out of tpwn right now soon as i get back ima send somen asap...wats da word tho my nigg
based god
Woot!
Can't wait to see you ladies tonight!
:
I just liked it!!!
:D
oh come to my house...my husband loved that show.
You would be his doctoram girl.
: I love you I love you   Those crazy eyes that bring me for a moment wanted to be, and that voice hermoza you strip me of a skyscraper
Looking forward to tomorrow's TNI with !
but u do biitch
Early bird...
gets the last of the milk.
RT: Virgo's only want one thing out of life: to live a humble one.
ME
Purchasing Managers  Are You Interested in a Career As a ...
Ron Dimberg's lecture, Perspectives on Contemporary Korea, TODAY!
11:00  Miller Center!
Dont Go Chasing WaterFalls
No worries!
Big Data convos have me concerned that we need more Ethical/Social Futurists than Techno Futurists tight now.
Great night last night.
Your energy was obvious on TV!
Glad I'm in Vegas .....
No earthquakes, hurricanes or tornadoes...just hot.
Chris Davis just struck out Adoctoran Gonzalez.
lol
omg I miss cofficing with you and you are at GH too!
:
DJ Hero Is pretty dope!
If you were thinking about switching electricity providers, what questions would you want the answers to first?
it always sounds like water is running through your walls aftet you take a shower
i do though!
Your tests are garbage.
They don't test the whole system, just your little bits.
What good is that?
Yo, lets captainre this moment 3
I just viewed all my DM and they were all stupid spam
I would like to reciprocate the same love god has for me towards everything n everyone.
The office just got their Girl Scout cookies delivered.
Everyone is now working with an open box of cookies next to them.
hahaa wimp I feel great!
STOP trying to shoot 3's and just make a freaking BASKET!!!!!
Well he doesn't RT : I love how reporters are basically trying to get Vinny to admit he doesn't know what he's doing.
dms work yet?!
Need some time to be alone, try washing the dishes!
We're live!
USC students sign up today!
I just finished a workshop w her yesterday  she gives great advice!
Enjoy it.
Hey Kelsey.
Any suggestions for new African music?
We are doing a documentary in Feb/March and looking for more local contacts.
Dont you wish that you could be a FLY ON THE WALL
Ugh I need some white shoes.
I didn't even realize that some of these people were seniors.
I obviously need to get out more...
Gronola Bar  Water for breakfast 
Eddie House deserves to proclaim juevos grandes after that shot.
lets talk business
it was an honest answer.
Haha
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Please RT!!!
Go to victorygardeninitiative.com to win a free garden.
If you don't need a garden sign up to volunteer blitz day :
Having just said a lot of goodbyes, I do understand that!
Timing sucks but there is no good time....
Way to freaking hot.
Notorious Thugs  bone thugs N harmony ft.
biggie
juliett is so fucking bomb in this movie
Hahaha!
Been there, done that.
I'll have to hear about your night later.
I'd say she's the hottest female poker player on the planet, they'd be stupid to vote her off!
The Realities of Change in Higher Education Interventions to ...
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Ray Ray : Was That Too Much Of a Big word for you..?
Thankful that has decided to join me in my cozy corner of Herman B.
at 2:45am.
Better late, then never I say.
The problem with Smash is that the writers have confused unlikeable for interesting.
Day after half marathon, legs/feet are sore  but it was SO worth it.
I had a blast!
All new Rock Stars tonight at 8pm on The Nat Geo Channel!
The crew goes head to head with the biggest and most dangerous slope of the job.
Will someone PLEASE explain the difference between office depot and office max?!?
So please don't hurt m again.
she will love it I'm sure :
Thanks, Phil.
I miss you.
TMB
Did you catch that double rainbow over Portland this morning?
it's all down to the last game i'm so excited :
thanks!!
we really apreciate it!!
Feel free to ask us questions whenever they arise.
Andoctorde KOs Cisneros cold on ESPN2.
Medics carrying him out but he is awake.
TheMostCommonLies !
am separated/divorced from both men  women :
Woooaah!
This sucks.
.
.
Almost time for the Lakeshow!
;
Tax Returns Due, if you filed extension, put docs in 1place.
Sch.
appt.
this week, relieve the stress.
18 MILLION VIEWS
It was a connection through Houston.
Now in Oregon for my daddy's 85th.
Long day of travel.
Miss you already!
Okay, I'm rooting for but the baby Voltaggio's were adorable
I love reading 's tweets :
Only 40 days till graduation!!!!
My bro  I are basically making our mom watch the newest Muppets movie it's just as good the 2nd time.
And, yes, we're in our late 20s30s
hahaha no its not!
what part?!
I wish Maya Rudolph and I were bffs.
We'd go on double dates and discuss The Master with Paul Thomas Anderson.
I miss you guys.
: Show them what they could've had.
RT : It's like this: People from WI love the Packers 1st, then Favre, then cheese.
Havarti  Favre, although great, are less i ...
No follows today?
There's a difference from liking someone and thinking they're cute
Glad to cover it
Oo will you take pictures of great typography and packaging too and send it to us!?
I'm so jealous of your adventure!
:
good to know that you agree...lol...You can always test the theory...;
VERY good point
Another wild one in Queenstown!
See you tomisterow for a fun ride to
There's no shame in liking what's good for you, it's the things that aren't good for you that should send a itch through you veins!
Midtown....not Downtown
too short, Keri, to short.
But good.
Hi Jerry, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Looking for a new dentist?
www.kravitzdental.com
Wish you'd wake up  realize what your doing
so true!!
So can't wait for summer!!
absolutely love the vacation 3 wish it would never end!
everyone has one, and they all stink
: Tim Duncan needs one more point to move up on the AllTime Scoring list!
I've been at the library doing homework for almost four hours.....
I HATE when people overhear/misinterpret a congratulations and assume I'm engaged!
RT : excited for kickball to start!!!
:
Thanks to Jesus and God's grace we NEVER have to worry about being on the naughty list.
The only way this day can get worse for the Vikings is if Joe Webb leads them to a win.
If you make a bold statement, be prepared to be called out on it  asked to defend your premise.
Also make sure you actually have a premise.
It's all worth it in da long run
i mean its whatever
BaBaBaBaby Shower Later C: For Lupe Her Belly Soo Big.
3
Watching three teens at the library.
I have absolutely no idea what gender they are.
Not that it matters to me.
Just interesting.
I better see doctorssed up chunty on Sat.
x
Busy news day hope everyone has a great Mother's day weekend.
Enjoy the sun
FOLLOW ME BACK
omg okay!
thank you so much!
Thanks to the Actors  Actresses that came out to audition in Mesa Arizona today!
We had a blast meeting everyone!
Shout out to all the bots following me.
Merry Christmas you soulless sodomites.
Milwaukee PD officers on scene at Wisconsin n Plankinton say 20lb box found outside Chalet at the River Apts.
Possible pipe bomb.
It's been a busy fall season in the black box theatre at DMSC.
We're not stopping anytime soon!
Up next Blackbird by David Harrower.
Full house for RPdoctor!
we still love your professorle picture 3
On the road almost in California !
ooh.
Good info, thanks!
Just got a bench warrent for my arrest delivered by the constable realliferetard might wanna take care of this....
Follow the pancake fairy!
She is a hoot!
hello!
welcome!
Feel free to bookmark that and let Spidey be your mascot for awhile.
I'm sure he doesn't mind cc:
Read something smart: Stop rewarding yourself with food.
You are not a dog!
happy holidays bra..
how's life treating you
Could be worse.
You could have my wallet.
It's empty.
It's Sunday!
I dont want to do work!
its funny how people think they got you all figured out  they dont really dont know shit !
K.
Moreno could have a career year being the top rusher in J.
Fox's run heavy offense
New Project Sphinx Cats!
Do you have one?
Free Session I come to you!
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguish the small, it rekindles the great!
I never cried or show feelings if u Fuck wit me u got my number twitter or facebook I not idc bout you either
This doesn't count the 3 months of summer w/out funding.
That's unfortunate for your students!
RT : Watching my colleague demo Windows 8, bye bye Aero, hello Metro
If youre not going to tell me something, dont bring it up..
Time for hit the bed GOODNIGHT Bgc was the BEST today.
I point out the wistful staring weekly.
Vom.
I haven't laughed this hard in awhile.
It is spot on.
I saw a tweet about the boys and Punk'd I literally fell out of the chair and onto the ground.
My mom and bro looked at me like: wut?
Well well well!
If it isn't Fishy Friday already!
Git on down here and kick off your weekend cowstlye!
Giddy Up!
Okay think about it, dick clark died,now no one is going to be ringing in the new year.
The world will end in december!!
I have that doctoram about myself constantly...
One day, Newt Gingrich is going to expand with selfimportance like Violet Beauregard.
there's so much to know!
so little time to learn!
screenprinting book  great equipment bring success.
Robert Gates  Jon Stewart on Fox News Sunday this Sunday.
Will either one be live in the DC studio?
How did I miss this?
I was at that stop twice last night and saw no roosters
Copying the score to prep for the start of rehearsals on Tuesday!
Great night at Amici's.
Our staff worked late to decorate and get ready for all the holiday parties booked at Amici's.
So excited!
Magnets, how do they work?
RT How does an Etch A Sketch work, anyway?
Tired of your routine?
check out Active.com for training guides, info about 5K, 10K, and marathons, as well as other sports!
Watching safe da movie bad
I'm a bit disappointed with doctorke Doremus's love story Like Crazy The movie could have been a lot better.
It had a lot of potential
We're wearing red on Friday, February 3rd to show our support for the importance of fighting heart disease!
We have 680 students from more than 60 countries.
They need to see themselves in the books in our libraries and classrooms.
Ru getting them?
Order sent to Lena in Australia!
ppl ask me the same thing nd I answer the same way.
sxtxsw OWN it, be bold.
Whatever you do IS a big deal.
Don't think Oh it's not that big of a deal.
The Silk Tie likes Piers!
Can we get you a better tie?
thesilktie.com
Ever since then all I could think about was Lashawwwnda.......
dogs always know who the bad ones are
Jessica's face changed when I knew the words to a verse of a Travis song
Hey baby, did I mention I'm wearing magic underwear?
SongsToPlayWhileHavinSex ANY slow Usher joint!
I feel like a stripper!
Lol
First up: Best practices in Digital Pedagogy
I'm the lead UX guy.
What can I do for you?
The question isn't who's going to let me; it's who's going stop me.
RT Fridays are the day I miss the most.
:
Welcome back Andy Pettitte.
Yankee fans have missed you.
you don't let me win I just prove you wrong everytime!
ha sure
Tomorrows the start to a great day!
Happy Friday Eve everyone!
I can't I wish i could
10/6/2010 Five MarketResearch Tools for Twitter Entrepreneur
Your Mom!!!
throws chair and slams door p.s.
good morning.
:
didn't mind it one bit : one of the perks of the gig.
how are you, sir?
up to any theatre?
worse.
Tshirts!
Almost knocked some people out!
Didn't float like we would have hoped
11am Improv 4 Kids Show today for school groups at Times Square Comedy Club
At ihope :D Yummmmyy !!
RT : thanks for the NMFire RT.
Hope you are well /Well, thank you.
You?

Prayinq for a productive day with no fighting...or going hoes having sex !
Sight !.
crazy how much one day can make you realize so much
NomNom for lunch
hey good lookin, gotta get my tweet game up!
i don't bluff
beadlesFact Christian is a natural blonde..
He that's why there are some pictures of him with blonde hair:
one beer and Ive got the hiccups.
What?
I blame
what up jade !
liber2011 Valuation aims to give just enough care to enable all collections to survive.
Spent resources more objectively  effectively.
Extremely annoyed
10 minutes!
Hear that, middle school boys?
You have used all my gluesticks and must leave soon!
Let me know if I can help you guys.
yes!
a great group of incomings, lots of interesting authors rights  c./reuse questions  a digital humanitiesspecific question
Safe travels to everyone on their way to Chicago!
Looking forward to seeing everyone soon!
Yes, but God is a vengeful God and destroys wicked people.
Jesus shows mercy and compassion to sinners
Got a good fortune in my fortune cookie today: If you must choose between two evils, choose the one you haven't tried before
Buena suerte.
Never understood such headaches until a nasty volcano in Chile made me feel like Tom Hanks at Ezeiza in Bs As
Before trekking to heweb11, we're hitting up edu11 to speak with highered  vendors about changing the procurement process
Been listening to Corridos all day
You will become as great as your dominant aspiration.
If you cherish a vision, a lofty ideal in your heart, you will realize it.
Shooting stop motion animation at tonight!
That sounds like a pretty scrumptious lunch to us!
What a great price too.
and props on the reentry
I think both of you need to seriously consider Joan Baez's Blowin' Away.
I can't understand why Tony Romo doesn't have more multimillion dollar endorsements,
Just treated to a doctormatic reading, via spambot: Upon come nigh examination, wildunawares painted an unthinkingopinion...
You Paper, Scissor, Rock my World...
wow.
She must be awesome.
Grandmas homemade tacos
: Saw you on the tour  Love your music  style!
Follow please?
: UR so sweet!
Thanks so much!
Everyone to come out to COPPERFIELD's this Friday to see us kill it  we go on at 12 but everyone knows the party doesn't start any earlier
any team news yet
RT : I would never put someone I love in a bad situation.
it's only because your bangs were on top of your head.
After you put them down, I regretted saying that!
Boys That Can Grind Will Fuck Yu Good
Email with potential dates/times and we'll go from there!
Is there a beginners class?
12 minutes in and Texas is 115 from the field for 2 points!
Fighting the battle on unnecessary capitalization and losing.
Why?!?!
cc:
posted bro!
I want to know if Yost knew Holland was hurt before he put him in, or if Holland hid it from the team, either one is unacceptable.
Actually, on second read of that story, I find that headline misleading.
Cleveland, as far as we know, is still shrinking.
used their adopted language, the language of their oppressors to overcome their oppression.
I love Isaiah Andoctorw Neal with my whole heart.
:D
I tell ya u never kno how quick ur life can be turned upside down...praying for them
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash.
grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
Wasn't even familiar with it.
I'll check it out.
Thanks for the rec
Still waiting on that call, playa Holla...
Craving Mexican tonight?
We've got the freshest burritos in the MIA!
oh shut the fuck up.
I'm so bummed,holidays coming up  I hate being the only single one,wish I had a special some 1
bored and i have only been up for 2 hours cant wait to go back to work tomorrow
Ever buy Eggo frozen waffles??
LOL guess you know Rory  Fred both imploded at Augusta.
That course will do that
Junior Heartbreaking.
The eight player on the 1995 Superbowl Charger team to die.
If world refuses to help you.
Just Remember the words of Einstein I am thankful to all those who said no, Its bcoz of them i did it myself
Americans must be committed to shared vision of conserving forests.
It must begin with a complete commitment to restoration.
sec.
Vilsack
I know how easy it is to fall into the my friends and my mom all love my script trap.
WWJKD?
Im so sore I can't even get out of bed!
He made my night3
I CANT WAIT TILL MARCH 25TH!
I AM SO OUTTA HERE!
FUCK YOU!
failure to finish...
;
RC planes your thing?
Greg is here and ready to build, repair, or complete the one you started.
He'll cut you a great deal!
I recently heard our IT guys say we've gotta replace the motherboard and THOUGHT I heard we've gotta play some Loverboy!
what's up!
I Know My Role, And I Play It Well, It Weigh On My Lima Scale
Faith and positive words WILL move the mountains you face in life
Is no answer better then a negative answer...?
did your school already have their prom ?
the new media darling!
First you dominate my twitter feed and then you show up on kprt houston's news leader for every story
HEY.
Hi.
Hello.
Sup.
AH.
Tonight we get down with Lee's Summit, MO at Jerry's Bait Shop.
Show is at 9pm.
Bring your knee pads.
Have you tackled this yet?
The Indian doctor Suess, Anushka Ravishankar, will be in the Young Research Library this Friday at 2pm.
ATTENTION INTERNET: Found someone for Sun, but I still need help next Sat.
I know it's St.
Patty's but it's only until 4p!
Please!
DailyHookahTip148: Smokers cough?
Try steam stones instead of traditional shisha.
It's the electronic cigarette of hookahs.
Thanks for the wordpress group promo!
Would love to set up an interview regarding Liposonix for YouBeauty.com.
What do you think?
dee give me a shout out important news for you
Rubio's absence is surely noticeable, but still great team play all around  great win.
With Mavs right behind, every win counts.
This is not cool doe
Hope  Hype
thank you
Fuse is feeling frisky on the Bamboo deck tonight!
Check out the hook while our DJ revolves it!
Fuse Fuse Baby...
Day time Foxnews is leaning toward Obama w/ Jobs bill, anything to help Dems.this started 3mos.ago, Iwatch Fox24x7,I can See It
Tea time is over Tim.
mine do dat too.
said ubersocial better
i wanna go to Atlanta or Florida!
Either way, Im starting to save up already!
Lol
I'd be up for that...
DIRTY : DIRTY anthology of dirty writing coming soon, with erotic art by amazing MUGI TAKEI!
T1: I love honestly.
Humility.
Vulnerability.
Humor.
Feeling what the blogger is feeling through their words.
With NBC axing a lot of good shows we're pretty much in the 'Ow My Balls!' phase of programming as predicted by Idiocracy.
RT : Today is the final day of our Twitter feed.
Dec.
30 marks the last day of our prek advocacy campaign.
Ok, we have been poking back and forth for hours, and i'm all what do you actually want!?
lol its fine.
Which begs the question...what are your top books to read in one sitting?
Have a time and day yet ?
YAY!!!!
RT : With at the hospital.
Outlaw should come out of hiding pretty soon.
Wow!
Bayern with 6 guys sitting on yellows?
Ouch.
Engage reporters through social media before pitching  if possible.
Follow them on Twitter, Facebook and become familiar to them
what if people tell you that you look sexy but you don't feel it?
I believe it is ths worst thing.
It's like having every meat except beef...
wait, they don't have beef either.
I don't understand why gets hate.
Can't you see how AMAZING He is?
Face it haters...
You're just jealous AREN'T YOU?
A restless camera in search of its players  Ophuls' postmodern La Ronde is a delirious look at love on the run in oldworld Vienna.
can u NOT follow me...tnx ....P.S whe it happen it left but BTR didnt go
Ted Talks are always inspiring, often in ways you weren't anticipating.
Hi would love to share your story.
Please tell me more!
Remember to wash your berries before eating, and fly toward the sun.
Our website is a totally FREE service for groups and friends to exercise socially in friendly competition.
FREE, i.e., better than notfree.
Good calls!
I was obsessed with mister.
Frisby at that age.
:
Asian whisper 3
Re the Buick Verano commercial: The doctorver can't hear the jackhammer OR THE SIREN FROM THE AMBULANCE that approaches as he fails to stop.
Shit just got awkward!
yes..
i love my friends so much
good speech!!
:
do it!
RT : Waiting on my phone to ring...
so many calls out there but no one's calling back :/
what up ma this ya PARTYBOYDJ DJ KENZO A NIGGA FUXX WIT YA ,SEND ME SOME OF YA TRAXXS TO
start the day off right...vote for Hannah Kay hunt, roman Nelson, and jackie swoyer for homecoming court!!
How is coming to the salon tomorrow to get there hair done?
At the movies!
Actors  Amanda Mackey Johnson casting 6 roles for Magic City AL STRAUSS 70s White, JANICE Late 20s Blonde Beauty, more info in the app!
hehehehehe...
Thanks doll!!!
:
Today is a lazy day for me x
I miss my sister, too!
There is nothing like a sister.
I'm gonna cry cause I'm in the city without Sonic everyday.
Vickie suggested we ask Byron Wells, exec coord, about wifi.
It's basically a ques of cost.
Spending the morning at home before work
My daughter did in fact eat Pat the Bunny
I'm doing Weight Watchers to lose the baby weight.
Going well so far.
About 10 more lbs to lose to be back to predaughter weight.
I know better thats why their crazy mixed up doctorams of him...were not granted....how dare some people!
doing his thing, getting ready.
Best Dj's in the city right hur!
Hip hop, techno, dub step, old skool!
Love it
Most likely overflow from a flooded machine room after torrential rains.
Better than the sewage flood of 15 years ago.
Smoke a million swisher blunts and i aint never comin down ; G ucciGucci
If you have a business voice calling my house I will always hang up..
Sorry
Timing to get the bicycle ready
how's that
A7: They do not have insurance or ability to self pay.
I deal with this EVERY DAY.
My biggest struggle in intervention.
OPEN your EYES!!
Get conscience to what you really want.
Start seeing people for who they are.
It will make you happier!!
Everyone is a hustler until the WORK starts...then the real ones stand up!
haha
Haven't been on in awhile cause I moved but I'm on now ;
if y'all were comin to Texas I would be!
;
haha yea I'm working there this summer so my shot will be in top form
web search  there are a lot of contest for amateur or school videos out there this time of year too
Suit: Frozen text on teleprompters forc Olbermann to ad lib ...
during live broadcast.
But did he screamFuck it!
We'll do it live!?
I was also!
Everyone should work as a server or in retail at least once in life.
All the social education you'll ever need.
Ready to head to Airport with for his fight on Tues.
on fuel tv.
Make sure you check it out it's gonna be a great fight!!
at top golf
Corinne Bailey Rae playlist.
Journal entries.
doctoramers mode.
Giving someone a mile, when they only give you an inch 
Hope you have a fun Superbowl planned!
REAL AS FUCK
Yeah, we're proud of the lad for sure.
New Longwalls on the way shortly...
Thanks for the support.
Cheers!
I am off the grid until I get my Mac back from the infirmary!
Can't see all tweets as normal.
Will respond soon.
Ugh...I'm on my laptop and twitter's not loading right...I'll get on ScottySwag tomorrow after church :
play all the songs I listen to!
I like you!
Laughs RT
Welcome , who is leaving the center of the universe to join the OTHER center of the universe the Hilltop!
Don't miss Serials Solutions and in booth 405 at OLA2012!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
I satisfied the long standing request for El Debargs's Who's Johnny!
;
Oh, Nicole.
You're never in the eavesdoctorping mode.
You're in my list of Please doctorp In list of friends.
See what I did there?
I never understood the whole girls and pillow fight thing.
Oh yes, it was all for the cause.
He is such a good egg.
He has a lot of patience with me.
I will post pics!
I can help you knock off the rust lol
anytime for you
Planted impatiens and a strawberry plant 2nite.
New hostas going in tomorrow.
That makes me think of the song Fox by Millencolin!
Check it out on youtube
Sure you did xD
OMG me and my ex tylers bf are flrting lol he wants to suck my penis now lol and i kinda wanna suck him but hey i am not braging!
Got to give props to BJ.
He looked yolked!
I think he's satisfied in his weight class.
He seemed more humble too.
I was losing respect...
Good advice from  The brand comes after the work.
so true
I could never give up coffee.
i know lol i was just saying.
Lol i told u im working wyd
You know what, I'll hold your hair all the way home.
gon be a long summer jas
I don't understand why people are bugging at LoAlbo's hw?
It is easy, taken me prob 2 hours...
SPH Alumni Society President Deborah Lasher encourages grads to stay connected to SPH throughout their lives.
who is still up?.
this makes me sad.
Used to love the one in miami
Is it true that celiac disease can be genetic?
The mayor is in the house!
Flying sure isn't like it used to be.
Now it's a portable prison.
Fly instead!
One of many goals this summer: learn how to parallel park so I can stop embarrassing myself.
Val's work really rocks.
Her diss has been picked up as a book by UC Press already :
totally!
Fabulous idea.
Hello new followers!
I just trademarked it 
No am workouts going to team united with
Too lazy to stop n get gas
There's no glue at our house...
Looks like I'll be finishing this project in the morning.
RT Ah, jash, trying to get the motivation to do some exercise this evening.
You are so not a Ms.!!!
LOL!
Hi, I've been trying to catch up with you for a while, got your contact info from your brother, he's my lawyer...
Really jealous of all the freshmen that just moved in at Udel.
Best school  best 4 years ever!
Stay as long as you can:
.
is obviously Washington historian and sometimes local political candidate Nelson Rimensnyder.
in the office?
Language quiz time
Whatta ya say Los!!!!!
How do you feel about combining beer and pomegranate?
Yeah I don't like it either.
I am doctornking a Ft.
Collins Brew.
They have better beers.
Playing temple run to get by by delta heavy : 3
Regardless Of How It Goes Down;Life Goes On..
Our personal twitters: 
So Your A Cutie 3
The most annoying thing is when you're in a good mood and you get asked 3423429 times why you're in a bad mood
has a new haircut!
I love it!
She's beautiful anyway.
Midnight birthday wish goes out to !!!
Heard did some karaoke.
Can't go wrong!
Enjoy.
always good to be on top!
; rcops  devops
Hafta work another Saturday...
Hello 60 hour week...
Paycheck better be worth it!
Cant wait to get off work and see the girl :!!
who do u think is the biggest break out player this season so far?
nba RT : Fantasy Basketball Box Score Breakouts  1
Never Really Gave Them A Chance ,
yes it is I am also very happy that the miners were rescued:
I AM SO FUCKING MAD RIGHT NOW......
Jesus says he loves kisses especially.Hershey KissesRT: see you on sunday..im bringing jesus a box of chocolates
just cause I wanna see what time it is where is, it's like 2 in the afternoon tomorrow there.
:
I'm good tho mang just Tryna stay out of trouble you know
I'm trying!
:p
In first block and already wanna go home!
But nope have doctorvers ed right after school on the nicest day in march!
thissucks!
Thank you to all the great professorssionals and students who came out for understory events today!
Buffalo Rochester Syracuse Albany
Nothing new the Mavericks still suck FTM!!!
NbaChumpions SpursNation!!!!
What's the secret to boosting your productivity at work?
Listen to the Nutcracker.
I need seen a person pace so damn much.
Holder is my favorite character in TheKilling.
I just thought that was important.
x
I'll lie if I have to
SO excited to see my 2nd favorite QB play his little heart out tonight.
3
Finally making time to mix down all the mixtapes feelingood and just ready to reveille all this
me either..
I'm just blabbin' away.
:D
Beckett just got booed so bad!
Roll Tribe!
Having a good year with this music
Excited to have donated one of our pieces to The OC Look Event that will benefit !
wow this kid just told me he was in calculus and I asked what he was seeing in his class and he said algebra....
fucking liar.
Hey Eric, how you doin?
We had an excellent preso from 's Dawn Murray on how the company successful used Xactly Incent to automate
Listen at 730.
Caller 12.
RT : when ru u givn them out on air and wht time u have to b in the club or...
Randomly met a bouncer from Maine who works Saturday's at this bingas chemfree thing?
Dying at these stories, this actually exists?
he went to the store :P
In UK check out hey guys  is your sensor also available outside US?
Seafood extravaganza at Grandmas house...
Happy Mothers Day to all you mamas out thurr.
Hey I'm Anne's son and I wanted to talk o you about some stuff that im doing
Worthwhile passage of time.
Happy Easter!
No one knows where to return things here.
Classic case of reonovation without staff consultation.
Thanks, architects.
How does lamb shank and rice sound for dinner?
Bitch I love Being weird STFU  continue with ure boring life lmao.
mother monser everyone love him
it's only sad when you lose miserably.
The team that wins is like, THIS WAS THE BEST IDEA EVVEEERRRRRR
it's a glob team, so sadly kind of exclusive
Good morning!
Empty pockets never held anyone back.
Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Norman Vincent Peale
Your first waking hour sets the tone for the rest of the day, so use that time to prepare to go in the direction of your goals
: thats great!
I study at home myself :D
what campus are you at?
So fuckin jealous at my sister who went to Mac Miller!!!
Fuck u Cordelia!: haha jkjk I love her3
.
on conan on wednesday!
Let's show sf some loveand maybe make feel better about ?
What a Great Thanksgiving Week!!!
We are Very Thankful for Everyone's support!!!
Thank you!!!
Same to U
Swimming, then packing for my fabulous weekend with my girls.
oh no but cant help but laugh too!
Yes, oh the
the FCAT mind fucked me today O.o
For the last time, I am down with Hot Spacho, Samuel L.
Jackson
Angela from GroupVisual.io  I love everything you presented!
Especially the home spreadsheet.
: Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Nido Qubein
lol people and they twitter names
RT : This is the first year in MLB history that has included a perfect game and a 4homer game.
And it's only May 8!
Life's an adventure.
It's ok to laugh and enjoy it!!!
Ah headache and stomach ache.
Blahh.
Brain and tummy pain.
Boo!
He fits like a glove around here!
:
talking about 50 shades of grey haha.
my desk looks like a paper mill exploded.
God Damn .
because my dad told me I would!
if I expect to cry, I won't cry.
ya know?
Why does the tea smell like beef?haha, at the Korean noodle house we went to beef broth was served in teapots and teacups, as a beverage.
Being Random is a part of life lmao
RT : .
Seems to me that we need to show them the HITsm chat logs to give them direction!
OH: when I'm DJ'ing I put subliminal thoughts in their heads
Today in 1979, the eradication of smallpox was certified after as many as 500 million people had died of smallpox in the 20th century alone
Going to beauty is pain boutique to see real life Vikings play some black metal in stonehaven!!!!
lol Bernie Mac always leaves an impression.
Who's getting married?
Thank You for a lovely dinner last night...sushi, red wine,  great conversation  perfect celebration
I wish my dad was in my life.
u have twitter!
Cool thx for following :
For 30 minutes, while sitting by his graveside, I read aloud the inspirational speech which BenjaminBritten gave at Aspen.
:p Vomited in the bus today 
awesome man!
Just DM us ur addoctorss and how many u want and we'll get them out.
yo nice meeting you last night at the Crunchies!
Awesome suit :
Burned my baked sweet potato.
Now tastes like cardboard.
I wuvs you!
You are simply amazing!
bffs 3
RT Also  really looking forward to getting back into an exercise routine.
Eating outside in front of the NYC public library is great option with today's beautiful weather
Please Please Please follow me my love I love you too Believe ..
PLEASE :D
Thank You Kris I Hope I Have As Much FUN As You Did;
Great start to the daymet with talking about upcoming collection app for
If you were following , I'm recycling that name and changed it to Outdoorliving tips from yours truly.
Soo haha he's still my best friend lolz
To and all other XU fans..
The game will be the main feature tonight.
Buy the village, we will visit.
enjoying Vietnam!
SAS realtalk waking up early tomorrow to catch some rangers baseball!
If you see me at The Lilac Fest tonight say hi.
I'll be doing the intro for ...
one of the greatest live bands I've ever seen.
I don wanna play adult today thrash
Mail order chickens.
Whoa.
99 followers and growing.
Good info to come soon.
I've been holding back some big news.
Hint....
200 k worth of Jewels on a model.
you're very welcome:
FF Happy Holidays new followers!
heading the the CC Arts Fest.
Can't wait to see what new pieces I can find.
Hopefully I can find a Smoked Turkey doctormstick to nibble on!
The life which is not examined is not worth living.
Plato
thank goodness, it was only for 0.5 seconds.
had to snap you back to reality!
lol
Can eggshells go down the disposeall?
thanks for the RT
Great finish 4 Badgers' Kyle Jefferson.
RT : Waking up this morning knowing u gave it your all and came out on top is
The movements of mortgage rates higher and lower throughout the week have become progressively more tame.
Ur a pain in my ass!
Like a huge ashy black cock going up my ass with no lube
WaPo:Our problem isn't readership.
It's monetizing all our readers.
We figure that out and we will have solved a lot.
notices my hair looks like Wes Stude's from his role as Uncas in Last of the Mohicans.
Thanks for retweeting
And I wonder how the folks in suits  ties are coping?!
RT : Wow DC is HOT today.
Love it.
no!
You used a hashtag!
jorge: As a kid I watched the eye of Alicia pass over my house.
Last night Ike did the same.
Life is way too short.
Hug somebody, Now.
Cheers!
RT : beer
they make electric skate boards?
This damn weather bro, I can't sleep 
Spending all day tomorrow at the Dept of Ed Arts Education grantee meeting, giving 2 presentations on strengthening evaluation reports
money I need it I have to put has in my car and my dad is paying my insurance.
Will Particle Zoo IV reach 200 subparticles before the slate is wiped clean once again as in the first Particle Zoo?
Just asking.
Welcome to the 49Faithful as a Duck this is a match made in heaven
In so much pain.
My legs, my abs, my back.
64 degrees.
sunny.
light breeze.
perfect weather.
No, but I have a few that make you not care.
What are your thoughts on the first half?
Haha Cute: Dude, Im So Happy With Blainee:
sounds lyk someone I no u lol
im so going to chipotle after school.
im so hungryy!
Portland Timbers season tickets have arrived!
Let's do this!
Rytes Warriors 2013 heading to SemiFinals vs Golden Isles Warriors at 2:00 pm..
Beat Killeen Elite in Qtrs.
Rytes Warriors
safe travels
Core Leadership meeting soon.
Praising God for an aweaome team!!!
Could you please RT this?
Our local radio station is trying to get Chicago a signing!
Bring1DtoB96
Don't ever say you've been hacked when you haven't.
Big CEO'S of 'twitter and Facebook work hard keeping your privacy safe....Rep.
Weiner!
never let a pregnant lady walk out of there with out pho
this isn't spam, but I'm selling my old iPad...
Still, that would be an evil tactic.
Hope we do it.
Let's not 4 get, Dad's that are Mom's, Step Mom's, Grandma's,and our Mother of God.
Happy heavenly Mother's Day, Mom 3
I 3 the Can't complain since they both follow me  they probably know you're my neighbor!
The New Sexy Man on Myspace !
LOL
How do you edit a video on IPhone 4s?
I need to shorten it but idk how!?
I love my osa
everyone in the world is so fake.
omg.
I fucking hate that bitch...
ugh, here she comes..
omgg, hi!
you look so pretty today I love you!
You're the reason I have a middle finger.
/
This Clippers/Grizzlies game is the worst game seven in the history of team sports.
The brightest future will always Be based on a forgotten past; You can't go forward in life until You let go of your past failures and...
Rightt :3 D'aww, about your tweets, you are in love, with..?
Can I know?
:3 x
At Positive Tomorrows, education is more than just classroom time; it's about enriching the lives of our students!
It's all about tile placement.That gets old after several losses.
That was awhile ago for me but I remeber trying to be honest without being graphic.
How'd you do it?
Change your AVI.
Lol that was a high tweet.
very strange.
Words said you abandoned me.
I'm reachable.
I will dm
Listening to Zapp and Roger Computer Love.
Sounds a lot better on my Good news it is friday!
Clash of the paid projects!
Only one can survive.
Bugger.
Wait for a bus, two come at once.
Yup, I bought an ipad.
Super excited!
April showers bring May flowers.
What do May flowers bring?
June brides?
When you consider there will be 16 teams left after tomorrow night and and are 2 of them, that's WI boss !
AWESOME!
And good 'cuz I'm gonna hold you to it...you BETTA come...or I'm gonna go all kungfu ninja on your ass!
RED STAIN ON CARPET???
Hydoctorgen Peroxide/ Dish Soap...
Message me directly for instructions
so weirdi'm not sure how that works.
glad i'm not the only one!
this might just make weekly blowouts worthwhile.
My chick bad lookin like a bag of money.
trying out the new aim, eh..
the ending to me3 is just fine the way it is!
Bioware shouldnt change anything
Most of the people never follow any people on FF , but its always positive to be on someone's list:
There's no point in burying a hatchet if you're going to put up a marker on the site
baha forgot to mention you in last tweet:
I'm just going to say it.I really hate you right now, you screwed me over.some friend you WHERE....ya and by WHERE I mean NOT ANYMORE!!!
Bad bitch  her chacha, grabbing on her chee ches...
In My Eyes You Are The Stupidest MF'er Alive !
In the great department store of life, baseball is the toy department.
Author Unknown
Watching on mute because I'm too lazy to find the remote.
In other news, hotel doesn't have free wifi so I'm tweeting stupid things.
I appreciate that fam!
Means alot
Ever since you went away my heart has never beat the same
eating ice cream and watchin a movie!
always relaxing!
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone.
haha omg i can only imagine how it'd be when you have an actual baby...memphis is downstairs with his mom sleeping
Tonight at 6:30pm  Replay of Mexico vs Uruguay!
I'm CRACKIN
How 'bout a surtax on Catholics who don't believe in contraception?
We are HUGE Marvel / DC fans  my 4 year old nephew tried telling me about it yesterday, his dad kept yelling at him not to
geeze!
That sucks!
Getting ready for CANASA!
Will you be there?
Stop and visit us at booth 927  we have some exciting material to show you!
I'm patiently waiting for my song from I cannot wait to get it!
which app did you use before instagram?
I quite enjoyed Reach.
Guess that's why.
I'd give Halo up in a second if Bioshock would come out on time!!!
hello thanks for being awesome
My blog at www.sdhg.us features Fallingwater, PA and thoughts on perhaps how a few local architects could do better if given the locale
Hm.
What to do when your 5 year old gives your one year old his first haircut when your back is turned.
my dog pissed on mine and now its all rusty I can't use the thing now
Nothing like some Pearl Jam.
laying like needles in the hospital.
to say that to someone, yeah, i'm in law classes bitch.
ur killing me aith all these images....
;
Lets get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance.
So what's been happening while I was gone...lots of levilowrey talk I see, lol
I know that one!
Want a PR internship this summer?
DHC is hiring!
Send your resume, cover letter  3 writing samples to by April 13
time to bring back myNYPDfile and tag
really wat did he say lol
I've had such a bad day and AGT is making me laugh so hard lol bless you television
lol yeah next time I will babe I need the tan ;
yeah I'll be gone during that time.lol.That'd be so cool though :P
Apparently being on the verge of tears listening the the BSG soundtrack helps my productivity.
It reminds me a little of the golden girls.
love that show also
at lunch chillinn.
And wow way to go
This place is incredible!!!!
Im afraid to go on the balcony though!
Way to high lol
Never thought there was a time I'd watch Peter Jurkin.
Then I came to the Jordan Brand game.
idliketoaskhisparentswhy???
yup, a fanpage though.
that's a Zeppelin, not a blimp.
/ airship nerd 
Daily Muse: Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what!
Spryte Loriano
Everything sounds like bacon
How is everyone's off season so far?
when your rich everything becomes free
It gets worse  and better  and different.
Every year is a beast in its own furry way.
RT : I'm not even gonna get mad anymore.
I'm just going to learn to expect the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of.
hey guys, i really want to make a video for !
i need psanderettes!!!!
if ur interested tweet me :
more good times at the maritime cabanas 510pm: then pink elephant til 4am.
ItsSadThat high school flies by so fast
Tomorrow night at will be exciting as we watch win!
RBNY South Ward, CincoDeMayo UFC  Boxing fans will be there!
I'm so telling mom.
10th year at SXSW!
Love the vibe  meeting our great customers.
Hit us for CD duplication  custom tshirts!!
It's what we do.
Dude nice!
Its a close game man!
I got trust issues b/c of
that's not what I said!!!
If I ever lost my dad, I'll be terrified!!
Going to city walk rite now and tomorrow I really want to come I love u guys!
They should've.
RT : about that Hyundai spot, I heard it was filmed with all real employees.
2 bad they didn't emphasize that.
It makes me want to cuss more when people tell me not to cuss.
Going to sit down with Coach Bielema at IHOP for a breakfast and gossip session.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
Boom!
Enjoy that jam for AL OF MAY.
Exactly.
Mofos hungry.
Our schools are jacked.
Folks don't have jobs, but you want to scream about gay marriage?
The FWord: Tackling Employee Performance FEEDBACK  New CRG emPerform Webinar
I hope someone told Cotto to keep his hands up on the break.
We all remember the last fight's nonsense.
loud Loud LOUD LOUDER.
In case you're wondering what you're missing.
just saw u on tv!: please follow me:D
wordoftheday Spruik To make or give a speech, especially extensively; spiel.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
ur artist is real good i like the flow
New goal: become one of the realtors on
Why were The Beatles such great song writers?
One reason: try writing 13 albums of material in 7 years and not come up with a few gems!
RT Wishing all of Indianas teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week.
Thanks so much for all of your hard work and...
oh my word, thank you Aidan!
That is so sweet!!!
:3
Snowflakes.
Finally.
Well....
Barely.
ugh, I just did something in PHP that was a total antipattern that completely solved my problem.
Is every human eating at a diner today,6 diners not 1seat!!!
I love you like a love song baby.
u such a Twitter freak lol
Congrats on completing the half in 2:12...saw you fly by at the Kingdom.
Awesome job!!!
Going to LA Times Festival of Books?
I'll be emcee at the YA Stage today and tomorrow from 115.
Stop by and say hi!
In the hot seat!
The Business Lawyer is seeking experienced editors!
Editors receive an honorarium upon completion of each issue.
I have worn my hair for two months now.
It's time to get my weave back.
aw ok love: btw are u going to see Austin in new York?:
More and more, finding that yoga  meditation can solve anything that's causing me a problem.
O.M.G.I Just think someone with a booty pop ON...
you guys rock!
I'm so sad!
: I can't make it to your concert!
: but I know it will be amazing!!!!
Have fun
Le sigh ...
Goodnight
how are you liking San Fran?
Xoxo
When you are my age, YOU DO NOT HAVE A PERMIT.....
Can you please follow me?
I would be the happiest person ever!
Great.
A lizard tail is now lost in my couch.
the key 2 a straight up swap is that it must b a winwin 4 everyone.
happy weekend.
I just randomly got cold
aw : your soo nice your beautiful to!!!!!!!
Ready to eat and hit up the movies
Check out WEEDS and THE BIG C on Showtime Network NOW, they are two of the best shows.
Both shows previous seasons available on DVD
Thank you.
Needed!
;
AW HAIL NO.
my mom listening to keith sweat .
His voice cracks me up .
Lol
Now headed to Slaughter.
Anyone know where I can trade my money for furs  gold before I journey that far away from civilization?
Our convo's just left me a good memories : that's just make me happy : I just smiling like an idiot :
Need catering in midtown or downtown?!
Try cafe 41, we cater breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Thanks for tweeting about the voting deadline, but it's actually next Monday, not today.
Looking for some help on editing my film I shot in India.
Shoot me a message if that's something u might be interested in:
lol...no, a night club...
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!
I saw their first game this year and Hassel is the real deal, he has a sweet shooting stroke!
Burgandy is the NEW black for the Grammy's.
Now on GMA.
So glad I didn't miss that.!
Twas a good wknd to go to Eugene,duckstore was giving 25 off on cutting mats,got an xacto knife too.
Ready to make 3part cards!
aye seems like the only time I get on twitter is when I'm bored....but I can't lie ihate the upgrade twitter....smh it get on my nerves
When you think of Boston, what 3 things come to mind?
Tweet us back your answers!!
I feel like we have been through so much but we always tend to find each other back in our lives.
Me too!
I sort of can't believe this movie actually got made.

RT : the good feeling i get when Kobe misses a shot 
Santa Monica is one of my favorite parts of LA, summer  perfect weather there beachside
She got jealous of her exs new gf so I stabbed her hand with my fork to distracct her.
Im such a great friend.
Learning to build a website like a pro!
RT I love watching people watch the asses at a show.
BROOKLYN GOING CRAZY
If the rapture occurs tomorrow, I will be at AutoZone.
Working.
Lucky me.
:/
lmao.
I really could care less about skin tone cuz i like em all but idk if I could go out on a limb  say that they are overrated
Packing and watching supernatural...I want this whole family to die, theres a ghost in your house listen to the two heavily armed hottys!!!
Hubbyz grounded.
My other love has a year in jail...
FML..
Anyone else think Blue the dog was a weak mascot?
Bring back Dynamo!
haha I'm glad I'm not the only one too!!
It's like damn, you do know this is America, right?!
Freedom of speech, people!
just started using for project managment  crm.
It's free up to 1GB storage.
just which they had plugins...
russiandolls the rest 5 episodes will be shown on oct 7 at 8AM and then the rerun starts on oct 4 at 9pm on LRW chh
FACT: Frozen and broken water pipes rank 2 behind hurricanes in the number of homes damaged and the amount of claim costs in the U.S.
: It's gettin' funky up in !
Don't miss Easter services with !
blessed
All u do is sit around and Talk bout The next person.blame urself for not havin shit In life.
RT : I love when teachers respond to my emails right away...
it makes my life so much easier.
: My phone put Scooter.
That was brilliant.
it was!
I think he did really great
you witch!
40hrs awake :: I got the slowness in :: looking for.
I got up with some nostalgia tongues.
Of all things :: which one's tosay.
Right there.
The best kind of afternoon!
RT : It's a coffee, chocolate  hiphop kind of afternoon.
Sort of in the middle stages  arranging and recording.
The fun part, I guess.
Mixing is next, which is the part I like least.
:
i'm always looking out for you cause' you're the one i miss.
sucks cause she told me her twitter name was jmitchell60
Lolz!
RT:: Oh no, some stranger must've stolen my phone and sent you those 17 texts last night.
It wasn't me, I swear.
I knew my Wizard Powers would work on your house :P
If anyone is aware of existing tools that do batch PDF/a grabs of websites, paint me very interested.
I wonder if I ever cross your mind.
For me it happens all the time.
/3
My family is polarized on the issue of Marlee Matlin.
Researching some Bro Clothiers in Austin.
Excited to check out  What else is out there?
I love that ring!
Eat first
will you wear a pretty jeans tomorrow on 106  park lol love look pretty cute sexy
secretly, i didnt like it bahahahaha
Hey FantasyFootball fans!
Week 5 of www.hottubspeeperpicks.com is online!
And celebrating Breast Cancer Awareness!
Spread the love.
I think I can make that happen.
i know it's right at dinner time for you.
If you'd rather, I can do later.
Ill be up late.
ha ha don't play
ICantStandPeople that go out in public with no bra on
I'm still here!
Working to beat a deadline...
:
cost me several hours of sleep last night.
Much too interesting.
NurburgRing Sausage Benedict w Usingers Saucisschen Sausage, Spinach, Caraway Biscuit, Fried Eggs, Onion Strings and Beer Cheese Sauce.
np MCR Thank You For the Venom
LOL thanks so much!
...
Do you even know who ADNAN SAKLI is ...
You need too.
The Asian tourist next to me was going THROUGH it.
I forgot how much I loved that movie though.
I'd rather be his whore than your wife.
That ring at least once is supreme over HOF career.
Although there is something for a trail blazer
haha u tried to kiss her first day
Fast Fact: The color originally associated with Saint Patrick was blue.
Perhaps that is what aligns his porn, sf, and theory: they all insist on the literal; they all say this is happening
or newspaper or anything else that is fun
Can't wait to hear your guys' next album.
I bet it'll be just as wonderful.
Have a wonderful rest of the day.
I'm mad af!
Yup, you should renew your winter timeshare.
Trying to finalize speakers and location for getting started social media seminar for June.
Thinking simple is best.
Balboa Park Cacti Photos
WAHOO!!!!!!!
And they've already raised twice their goal in just a couple hours!
Vile Weed
I heard that and are having a baby in August and that amazing news to me
Hoping everyone has a SUPER SWEET Weekend!
My mom  My dad  Condom  Greatest person alive ;
I need a nap.
Shouting you out brotha, you are not forgotten.
Crunch time at UTA.
We'll holla soon!
ReplaceSongLyricsWithPaul Nothings fine i'm paul;
ok just realized how that could b taken lol but hopefully you know what I meant
No one sniffs Kobe
The WWE Universe just got robbed out of a great match....
It's Wrestlemania, not Thursday night Thunder
why?!
Its hott!
I've only seen men with it.
Its not feminine at all!
Very unisex!
Lol!
be safe and have a fun trip !
God bless!:
StopOahiRail Vote for to derail this disaster and save Oahu worldwide embarrassed on this joke of a rail project.
Heading to the halloween store to pick up some black cloaks for the to wear for their gonna be a good one
perfecto!
See you tonight :
thanks for the feedback!
Looking forward to getting tipsy with the Dutch boyz
Pregnant women are so freaking moody.
Chill the fuuckk out
PerkStreet April Personal Finance Pulse: Financial Savvy is Sexy
just unsubscribed from the Travis email list I signed up for when I was 16...
g'bye to Fran and the gang!
:p
what should i do with this bottle?
Oh just hide it behind that chair.
Good call they never even knew
I'm happiest when I'm.NOT receiving promoted Tweets on my Twitter feed...RT Finish this sentence: I'm happiest when I'm...
I know right!!!
So fuckin true!
Eager doesn't belong on that list.
Mayers much better.
What happened to Mayers?
Rest of list solid.
RT : .
Rodney aka Uncle Ben appeared to be a gentleman babygirl.
Vh1ToughLoveNewOrleansnot my type boo
Idc.
U still lahh me.
:P
I literally cannot function online without GoogleChrome.
Heading to the MAC store for help.
Well with the dancers it used to be through the mashup but right now I am creating an event to bring young artist together.
I hope I have enough in my bank account or wait until friday and use my mom money lol
He sitting there looking surprised as fuck
side of the room is now cleaner than my side of the room.
How could this happen?!
Totally digging RockCenter !
bwilliams you're awesome!
Congrats!
Human Papillomavirus is transmitted through vaginal, oral or anal sex as well as skintoskin contact.
yea don't know what that is lol
Maybe Rangers should wait until end of year to settle : Contractyear Josh Hamilton is a pretty scary beast.
Thanks, we dig your stuff as well.
group hug :
ACK!
Watch KUSI!
I am at a wedding Friday, strangled in tafetta, darling!
We reunite next Friday.
I'd pay money to have someone make my iTunes start downloading podcasts again.
It's been a month since it worked.
Tweet tweet.
Hi there facebookland.
We have a twitter.
Also, 2 peanuts were walking down the street when one was assaulted.
Because they are two bad people lol.
it was too much for my tiny budget
you too!
...
gift bags, access to all fashion shows, and even a raffle!
How can you miss it?
Contact me for more information.
Let me tell you, it's a
try documents to go.
I think it works via a sync cable.
Check on that before you buy, but I'm pretty sure.
someone jus blew the shit out of me!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/20/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I think everyone just did there own thing.
Lol I had my own skip day when I went to meet Khleo lol everyone there had skipped.
Just because I have a boy's nickname, old man, doesn't mean my parents thought I was going to be a boy...
I didnt ask for money or mansion in malibu.
I simply asked for one more day with you
no nevermind.
i'd never do that.
Howdy and thanks for the follow.
:
step away for a day and miss a match!
Stoked for a shoot later with !
Chillin at the Hilton with , , and
i swear if summer is like this , raining all the time, im gunna cry !
ok will hit you up this week.
Quite surprised by My Week With Marilyn and quite touched by Albert Nobbs.
Oh, Modest Mouse, you never cease to amaze me.
Bored bored bored.
What a loser I am.
Sometimes, if I know its coming, I say burp as it happens.
I call it 'metaburp'  then I kill myself for being a douchebag.
: Lol!
Are you freaking kidding me?!
Whatanass!
hi.
random ?.
do u remember a campaign u ran on Twitter last year to have peeps submit photos of nature in their backyard?
How often do players come back to play after a torn ACL...anybody know?
It is with true love as it is with ghosts everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
The menu sounds awesome!
RT : Unbelievably excited that starts lunch today!
of course babe ;
Thanks, Chuck!
: Recommend
fuhh I wish I had someone to cuddle with rn.
D;
Can't wait for Easter with the family...
This means I'm that much closer to the CoolCreekConcert series!
But we all have a bad side, lol
Next up  Ninoh  acts like your second brain.
Tracks your activities, guides you on what to do next.
Working on this great web database project that will actually design an outdoor living space based on items that you select.
Neat.
I'd hate to see what baseball tonights ratings are tonight
writechat Best advice  I use that summary sentence idea with interviewees 2 help them succinctly say most important point.
Planning the April Ecofriendly issue of VV, any one from our circulation area with story ideas please email me at alane
Best thing about working in PR or Marketing is becoming an expert on new things.
Just finished watching a fantastic FIM world super bike race from Donington Park on Speed.
Both BMW riders taken out on final lap..
8 picks for tonight, get all 8 for 20 or 4 for 10.
Can't beat these deals people, on an MLB tear right now!
Email us for more info
Food Fact of the Day: 1879 Saccharin was discovered by Constantine Fahlberg and Ira Remsen at Johns Hopkins University.
Haha doctorgon breath havin ass nigga!
RT : I got a girlfriend, she jus don't live around here.......oh, you....That nigga.
it kinda made me in the mood to go party under a blacklight....
dang it!
i shouldda looked at myself to see if i was purple too!
RT if you NEVER get tired of hearing 's songs!
333 i know i dont :
I was looking at the zombie race Run For Your Lives last night  couldn't figure out who is sponsoring?
Did CNN report that?
up and at it already on that grind.
going to be a productive day.
cant wait for tomorrow night though..good things coming.
just arrived in Philly.
Will be playing a set after a screening of Makeout With Violence at Bob  Barbaras.
Starts at 9.
So I guess Newt Gingrich gave up too.
OK, Klout is dumb.
It thinks I am knowledgeable about LOUISANA.
WHY?!
CLEARLY I CANNOT EVEN SPELL IT CORRECTLY W/OUT SPELL CHECK!?
Thanks Catherine!
:
Watching Ridiculousness then going to sleep!
Not too bad for the last day of Winter!
60 already :D
not a band, not an orchestra, but a ....
come back to pittsburgh soon!
:
i should get off twitter now :' but im gonna miss my boy fried tyler posey : dam randy!
My head is pounding like shit.
Thank you for the follow, !
you were on our Skynyrd email!
Did you check your spam box?
We used mailto:
Knowledge is only potential power
allthethings The rest of us can only doctoram of Price Parity
hahaha i wana see u do that
Haha now the weird happy ending..
Happy Monday!
: It looks like the women's Soccer team has qualified for the Olympics.
Did anyone watch the NHL all Star game?
Sounds like in Franklin League Baseball the Royals ran the table and took home the crown
Gamblers don't get variance and says he likes to work with investors not gamblers.
HEY CLASSIC NEVER GETS OLD THE INTERNETS GETTING CUT FOR MAINTENANCE AT 1PM SO THIS WI
hehe we will fill you in later : we are all hanging out
New Physician Joins Valley Pain Consultants  Sacramento Bee
Seniors are telling their stories and sharing their knowledge at the Jane Addams Senior Caucus.
or freaking Pete Townsend?!?!
Holy Crap, ninfas ain't playin with a margarita
Hey Los Angeles!
Just a reminder I39;ll be Playing  Viper Room Lounge this Tuesday, March 20th  8.30pm!
See Y39;all there!
BAC
Sorry, man, but you got Tebowned today.
The best classic, allyoucaneat, family friendly, Friday fish fry in Milwaukee is?
Headed out again!
Flying to FL for several women's events in Indian Rocks and Jacksonville  these churches are amazing and I'm psyched!
Now that its over.
I should have known better than to think this is real and you could be mine.
We out chea building an empire...
Be on the lookout
haha!!
The one and only
Great chats about empowering social entrepreneurs at
wishing I was at the derby.......
Has anyone who submitted to State Museum of Pennsylvania's Art of the State heard back yet?
Thnx!
Will try out GroupCamp too.
you girls are just a bunch of skanks !
...
That I miss of course!
Thanks for the ff, Catherine!!
Have an excellent weekend!!
I did but I decided to have pizza at Pizza Hut/Taco Bell :
Can't wait to see my girl tonight :
should i read anything into all the white commentators who have never met henry louis gates repeatedly referring to him as skip?
Thanks for the Mention Ciara..
Enjoy Your Day/Evening
And, the bleach can ruin your clothes FAST!
Proud of you Gaston!
RT : Great presentation about .
.
Keep it up :
Happy Mothers day to
Personofinterest is hitting domesticviolence on the target!!!
tune in!
It's a sunny kind of day and I'm excited for so many things I can't wait any longer.
love love love you too baby!
Next week ;
I have a lot of respect for you!
All love returned fully!
I had a wonderful time tonight, so nice to see you.
REVEILLONS LES CONSCIENCES
time to get my work done round here ..have a great monday STEELERNATION and be kind to oneanother
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.67
I like the doctorft pick coming back.
Do u think Blazers are done dealing?
Last day of pcbw is here.
That was the fastest 8 day week ever!
What did you like best?
How are you celebrating the final day?
good luck!
let me know when yiy get back!
lmao lmao I love you for this
Don't forget to include or HRD2011UR in your tweets so that they can be tracked and followed as a class.
After that showing by Molina, we had better win this game.
Cannot reward that sort of bush league behavior.
will be one of the judges at the CariBooty Shaking contest.....
He knows ASS when he sees it!
ty.
Will do.
Looking forward to rooting for our beloved Lakers in the playoffs!
this time tomorrow ill be on my way to destroy a rack.
im hyped
Time for some church!
read it again.
If congress allows.
First pobs were tax exempt.
Rule changed.
Getting seen at the health center.
Hoping I don't have strep
Thanks for the follow check out
I hope all the little kids running around my backyard step in dog shit
Wow, Nice.
Hope your rehearsal is going well.
ChickfilA for dinner.
Yummy
Check out
Filed my doctorP papers yesterday.
Weird feeling to know it is all coming to an end in 5 years.
Playoffs here we come!
SallyAdams discusses the meaning of Restoring the Airplane at YPABQ LunchWithLeaders event sponsored by New Mexico Business Week
Thanks for the mentions this week!
Excited to release brand new website!
Few hours to go.
.
.
That's what I like to hear!
Just got done with ours on this end.
Now time for work!
Don't ever judge me on what shows I watch now!
laughing here also!!!
Inside the NBA is one of the best sports shows on TV
i'm from nebraska
it's not usable.
Junk yard worthy
I saw the gayest show this weekend and didn't even get laid!
I had a pair of new sneaks too!
Kitty
Just sent.
Thanks!!
just finished practice...new song is awesome
Tim Duncans what color?
do you work or go to school, wat you do ma
So I just want to announce that what I thought was a mouse in my apartment yesterday morning, was only a bathmat.
Cc:
Hardcore Pawn is so annoying!
These peeps are ratchet for real 
Thanks for suggesting the Missed Connections theme, !
Thanks for the Mention :
Trying to decide between 1 Shopping Cart or J Rox for affiliate progrm?
What is better and WHY?
: Libras don't ever mean to steal your shine but the spotlight will always follow a Libra.
absokutelyyyy
Thanks for the RTs and Tumblr love, buddy!
PS i heard your song this wknd, sung liveby A.T.E.
live
i didn't help pick that one; second time was ReElect Mayor Sanders.
that didn't take long to come up with
thank you for showing some of my code from my jdmw presentation in your Lynda.com recording.
I'm honored!
It felt real, then you wake up pissed off
When you see someone on facebook and your like awh she's pretty!
Then you see her in person and your like is that even the same person!
I'm willing to bet 10 dollars that my brother will be late to his own graduation in 4 hours.
Any takers?
okayy well just key me knoww
Is it wrong that i laughed at a little kid trip while walking out of the school bus?
Delaware possessing the puck in the early minutes of the 2nd
My great aunt literally has a book shelf full of nothing but bibles haha
lol I was just tired
Just smile, it might not make your problems disappear, but it will stop people from asking what's wrong with you.
Just got a cup of coffee from the emo version of Nathan Lane.
we have a long way to go...
she goes running at 10?!
Thats scary!
Yea she was gonna lend me her death note movies
Me too!
I'm reading Imperial Leather: Race, Gender and Sexuality in the Colonial Contest by Anne McClintock.
Great read!
Stop taping flyers to my kneecaps!!
What is wrong with you people?!
Why in the world is Game 7 LakersNuggets on at 10:30 Saturday night?
first i need a job cause i need money to buy him food and stuff so until then he is staying back home D:
The awkward moment when you want to tweet about someone but they're following you.....
Amen.
I'll receive that!
Now I get the instagram dl email
They AREN'T, 360,000 people receiving food stamps out of 22 million people with advanced degrees represents only 1.6.
lmao so when u wake up BAM he's there
RT icantstandpeoplethat wear seethrough leggings as pants.
gag.//welcome back to the states
PODCAST EMERGENCY!
Last minute cancellation.
Any composers or new music performers want to be on the show Sunday at 11am ET?
Preaching to the Queer, Queer Voices, Shades of Rainbow, Colorful Queers, Inquire Within, The Quorum, QWe're
I tried to clean the floor once when out with a friend and he was like, Let the help do their job!
Lots of Windows Phones at The National concert tonight.
Austin's big announcement
I only got 26 mins of sleep, and they were right before my alarm turned on :/ WRONGY!!!!!
Stay away from me.
Stop following me on social media or I'm going to file harrassment charges.
The winner of our FIRST Twitter contest is...........
You must be Above the bar r those who have coughed up the dough.
Indulged Hubby 1 father's day a few years back.
Trying to register webservius for Microsoft
Not horrible...
at all.
I swear I think I have split personalities sometimes.
Its not easy being a gemini.
Oh ok...Well at least that's not the whole summer.
You have fam in Dallas?
enjoy the homoerotic undertow.
If Taylor Swift  Bruno Mars went out  broke up, there would be some great relationship songs made.
Hey everybody we are on our way to the show in mansfield at the wired venue!
Come see us tonight with behold the kingdom!
I'm on a mission
and Thats wat i like 2 see fire under ur teams ass and put other teams on notice that this yall CHAMPIONSHIP
Presenting a project today for anatomy, then I'm basically done with that class since I already took the final
Can't wait until Reunion in May!
ok go to hell, cause thats where ur headed.
Finished seminar on Poe in Graham's.
Murders in the Rue Morgue  c.
19 sheet music  awsome!!
Best of luck to and as they go for the Elite Eight tonight in MarchMadness!
I'll hold your ass..........
Accountable that is
Getting very busy!
We just received a donation from a wonderful organization so that allows us to get some new projects going!
Yesh pwease.
right backatcha sweets !
ny again?
so jelly.
: can you just imagine vincent in a vneck, skinny jeans, a beanie,  his glasses?
SWEET BABY JESUS, someone hold meik
It's amazing how long it takes me to wake up for work or class and how fast I'll get up to study for a midterm for 4 hours
Heading home after a 10 day adventure of mountains, grizzly bears and race cars.
Life is strange!!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F PARTLY CLOUDY
OK amistereartfilms website is revamping, our new film wakeup is is TMinus 25 days from going whole hog: www.amistereartfilms.com
awareness, play  less stifling of markets by corporations
Do not be nervous just remember he is human just like you and me
Keep your head and your heart in the right direction and you will have to never worry about your feet......
what's going on there?
There are bagpipers playing outside the Mayflower.
Is it for Police Week?
ha.
i live there, too!
aww thank you you was cute to with your bright headed self!
I have never wanted the clapper so bad.
that's why I have to stay away.
Did just say can of corn?
Wtf?
I need a female manager I have the talent who want to get rich with me write back and leave a contact number.
how's about a follow?
I got you
I like women.
Not girls
DNCJ is also in hard copy but online edn is updated every so often
Thanks for tweeting our blog post out last night :
You are so right.
I've lived it, so I know.
Watching TheBlackSwan for my first time !
thank you for the RT  FF!
Thank you for following me!
Check out my show tonight: www.saurban.com 6:30pm CST
lol I got one
Meant to ask, which ianmcewan book were you listening to?
reading Solar right now and love it.
Thanks, man.
Its pretty freaking cool.
Although it would be cooler if I also still owned a house!
:
we should put a poll up see which home games.
But tell people to only vote if they can actually make it, not just want to
I got it bad, got it bad, got it bad...
You Better Be Or I'd Have To Come Over There Make You Ok.
;
Is that Schwimer's fastball or impression of Joe Borowski's slider?
I seriously can't tell.
Not a good thing.
: : MentionTo someone you really need in your life.
my grandma  agreed
ain't that the truth
Where can you get high quality handmade olive oil soap, bath bombs, and bath salts?
www.thesoapguy.com
Me: Yay!
Homemade cookies!
:D Mom: ...You bought the mix...
Me: YES, but I made it at home.
:3
Is speaking at Saving Green Together at Loyola University
That's awesome, best of luck on your move to the east!
If u wanna leave bets to believe ima let u spread them wings!!!
needs to resend me her bb pin because my phone deleted it before I could add it.
Thanks!
Have you seen our video on the homepage?
Watch it now!
www.georgetown.edu
Yeah,sure!
you mean Florida, right?
;
Just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're a cop.
one more reason to visit HK this summer: our study abroad program partner!
Happy Single Awareness Day!!
Isn't it just fabulous...?
After having a hard day youd think that one person would come home to cheer you up not make your day shittier.
thanks
Who's the biggest disappointment in Fantasy Football thus far this season?
Let us know and we'll mention it on this week's podcast.
So glad I am transferring out of PTC.
Their Online instructors need to get with the program and look at the schedule of PTC.
Friendship is like a bank account.
You can't continue to doctorw on it without making deposits.
Hi...
Thanks so much for the RTs!
why am I not asleep.
tell me something I don't know333
a lot of them left everything to escape Castro on rafts though  I agree that its free speech though.
Mondays would be ?
And Fridays !
RT : if days were punctuation, wednesday would be the ellipsis.
WaysToImpressMe If your weed can be smelt from 5 miles away..
Patio's open, come on by!
pac12tourney needs new venue each year
1 week to runcolfax!
Join us for an epic race!
91 Charity Partners, 5 events, a mile high!
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person
According to Autumn Marisa, a personal email is best way to reach out to a reporter.
Keep it short, newsworthy, and relevant.
This construction is DC is never ending.
Thanks everybody for the support!
72  mentions since my post.
Party soon and your invited!
President Obama to China: The US is disappointed with your veto on
I'll be in NY on Fri...when are you leaving the city?
Will I ever find you my love?
Been listenin 2 the Monkees all week, so fun fact: In 1967, the Monkees outsold The Beatles and The Stones, and Hendoctorx opened for them
For his career, Izturis has been very solid defensively.
He certainly hasn't looked good this year, though.
Whoa.
Another quake.
Awww!
Thanx for including me in your morning shout luv!
Hope you had a nice Moms Day!
3
My doctoram..
My black and white portrait of my unlce : Before I die I want to get tattooed by Kat Von D.
Not ready for school...don't want to go but I AM ON A MISSION, I HAVE PPL TO SAVE NOW!
Tell yo baby daddy that he super weak.
why??
You looked so cool
: what r u up to?
smile.
this really made my day a lot better.
thank you, justin.
HaPPY FRIDAY
Love getting phone calls from Germany.
Haven't had one of those in months!
:
Ray Allen'S momma is so cute and so proud
We tweet each other the same things.
You can only vote 10 times, despite the fact that you can call endlessly.
90 of my 100 calls didn't count, but I don't care!
Win it, Tony!
congrats on the weight loss, how much have you lost total?
Must not eat entire cake sitting in the fridge.
Look, a lovely carrot!
nnnngggghhh....
New Products in Stock:Hydoctortherma Naturals Botanical Defining Gel
Where are you based?
Los Angeles?
Ugh, why is it so difficult to get 6 people in a room together at the same time?
impact factor GET!
eigenwhatshisname just coauthored 457 articles with me
terrible.
swallowed whistle twice on fouls by UNC.
It is possible that Kristin Cashore is burning this church down.
The light behind the cross sparked, and now it smells of chemical smoke...
2 days down  2 days to go....this 14 hour manual labor work days aren't much fun haha Eye on the prize, NewOrleans on Monday..
Exciting news.
We're up for a prestigious family business award in Massachusetts.
Winners announced at a big ceremony tonight!
Yep!
What are you up to this weekend?
well I'm in nogiii 
The Avengers was so awesome i waited an hour to Go Pee D;
TheAvengers lived up to everything that was promised.
Great job at blending everyone in.
listeing to Diddy  Dirty Money  Coming Home ft.
Skylar Grey
excellent pass and yes I heard you but wasn't sure who it was, thanks for telling me lol
Hey, shoot me that list when you've got it, k?
So I can get some thoughts down before the conference...
I'll be there...
When you fall floor
I cannot believe how much I needed a vacation.
Come on lakers get this done...
mudmelt Joan has made art from mud with the mostly space element of iridium.
This element crucial in determining asteroid hits.
From fighting for the AJA to helping homeowners, its all here with the Weekly Wrap Up: OFA.BO/nnmjnP
I'm ready to go to Fredonia!
Getting ready for the baconwrappeddates challenge.
Wonder which contestants will finish?
Oh, mister Darcy, you'll always have my heart you silver fox.
Calling off the board games, beer and awesome tonight due to the weather.
See ya next week!
:
u all here
Uh oh.
The OSUStanford game just became Ray Finkle, part 2.

Rivercity marketplace for shopping and dinner with Magnificent Mom and Wife..this place is bigger then i thought!
You're not missing out xD They aren't that great.
teacher loan forgiveness mostly unworkable, at least in my wife's experience.
Nelnet a bad actor in certifying eligibility.
yeah thanks Chad for all your hard work appreciate it!!!
My wife is getting a windows phone...I'm so proud!
im in college right now, lookin for a job, blah borin stuff really,lol
had my first Über ride tonight...most excellent!!
So great it has me wondering if it's cheaper than owning a car?!
the 23rd is open if you want that Thursday.
Very happy to have you as a Guacstar RT : Yeah so this burrito is spectacular.
I'll be back
Whoops!
Still, yay!
realathletes dont complain bout a broken nail
We're obviously not looking for the same thing in each other.
And that's always my problem.
YES YOU ARE FUCKED!
SHIT OUT OF LUCK!
NOW I'M COMPLETE AND MY COCK YOU WILL SUCK
Fucking lame asses.
I doctoram of you when I'm asleep, you even appear when I'm awake daydoctoraming.
There is no escaping you.
I just wish it was true.
Goodnight ;
Good night
Q1: Do you have a server?
Q2: Mind using an existing theme?
I can get virtually any premium theme if you have 1 in mind.
Delaware G 33 SJ Broadt with a great save on the PK to keep the lead 20.
I called your mom phone
100 run for the Bulldogs as Crishawn Hopkins is finally playing to his potential.
I'm always fascinated by the sound of music shows on TV.
Usually, my bet is they sound better to the live audience.
In a Ministry meeting
it is in Hanover, IN!
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority.
Proverb
you are a tough MF for pursuing the rematch.
Honestly, you shouldn't have to.
You won.
nope you look Asian
: man this is what i do gangsta!
Hahahloll
doctorams do come true!!
please do NOT DM me
I hope you'll be hungry when you get home.
We wanna fill you with snacks.
Never to early.
Champagne is the way to start.
Today is a good day to start thinking about Spring.
We'll be having a greenhouse again for your live plant needs.
I, for one, can't wait.
Is watching Jeremy Kyle with the twins!!
And that is the game, folks.
Movies with the fam c;

no you didn't!
: Should have waited till you got to the REAL Jewel of the Meadowlands!
Is anybody out there?
I feel like I'm talking to myself, no ones seems to know my struggle, everything I've come from.
Can anybody hear me?
I wouldn't miss that trip for the world!
gettinhitchedbyelvis :D
Starting to get sick on this treadmill!!
Nigga Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished
I am well....whatchadoin?
I was painting a twitter war with a RWNJ when I awoke from my vivid doctoram
martha locked me out of my ipod touch for five minutes.
i love my friends : saturdaynights are great
Not in the mood for anyone today omfg
Final arrangements at 10am tomorrow, i last session at 12pm w/ D  Rock and it's off to Mix and Master courtesy of
all you'll have to do is find us and tweet me a picture of you with one of us :
church was truly amazing today  now to hang out with my pretty 
That's so true about leaving comfort zone!
No risk, no rewards!
Ha.
Read that wrong.
When you said redundancy, thought you meant the Spurs  since they've been here many times.
My bad.
Call to make last minute reservations for Meet the Farmers!
Featuring , PASA, Clarion River  4122812602
doctort!
Forgot lunch from home.
Salad to be delivered soon!
Nicest day of the year and Phish announces two shows at Noblesville/Deer Creek this summer.
Loving the central IN life today.
for sure the best ecommerce system on the market!!!
Work work work....
How many points does ravenclaw have??
And that's a wrap!
Family time for a few weeks then offseason/AAU
I knew I lived in the windy city, but this is too much.
Who's with me chicago?
Waiting for interview.
Nervous as all get out.
:  yes, it is huge for the LA Rams.
3yrs
mistakesGIRLSmake falling for someone when they KNOW tht the other person doesn't feel the same way..
:/
Just came back from a Tupperware meeting.
Had alot of fun, very motivating.
I love me team!
Thank you all for your concerns, Im doing much better and waiting for my results.
I love you all 33
I could've told you that
quote tweet if I should Change my dj name?
Lmao maybe my friends just don't like you.
Happy Mother's Day to the most wonderful and deserving mom in the world....love you Mom!
:
There are a lot of Brittanys at this Graduation.
Yes very stylish blazer.
The yellow color is perfect for Spring.
The church did the most for the world when the church was the least like the world.
Campbell Morgan
Lunch totally sucks!!!!
more for me!!!
EXPERIENCED Retail Manager....Seeking District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
This is the second time roshon and chelsie have been in the dance duel seriously?!!
Ugh stop putting them in it!
:
Jets fans love booing
About to start conference at Quad
why is everyone so SHORT?!
I'm not even in HEELS!
maybe I'm naïve, but can recruiters access your FB given privacy settings?
Frankly, they'd be bored w/mine!
RT : Took our son out for his FIRST ride on our Buddybike!!!
He loved it!!
Thank you so much...is so enjoyable!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust2857
one minute til
guess what...IM IN LOVE WITH SAY SOMETHIN33
more importantly, has she lived under a rock for the past 10 years?
Shaking more than my love!
: The Ladies Lounge is demanding some Debbie Gibson!
Get ready to shake your love !
Hope you brought your tissues, you're going to need them.
Watched Return of the Living Dead today....why does one of the punks look like Prince???
RT : Word of the day: Crapweasel
every now and then..
Agreed.
RT : RangersDevils tonight: surprised to say it but that was more fun than just about all this weekend's NCAA games.
hey luv...Tell Gabby to get ready for miya party in july.
There are lots of devils in disguise out there, and some blatantly obvious ones.
Don't sign away your soul, come see our show!
3234628460
Pretty sure i got the book from u in upper school lol RT Who remembers reading Flyy Girl for the first time?
Downloading lots of music and will later enjoy some movies...
:D
thanks lovey!!
i'm so happy to be posting again  just WAIT for the fun we will have and all the posting from that!
yayayay
On a manmade lake, there's a sheet of thin ice Where unskilled skaters, cut figure8 twice That's 16, uncut, direct from the cult
Going to pick and save to purchase thee finest bottle of moscato under 10 lmao
A lil help never hurt
Privacy, cost, access issues in mobile technology.
Handheld devices are now containing more personal info
Just had lunch for the first time and it was great.
Definitely going to be going there a lot in the future.
It's tough to unseat the incumbent But we'll see...
Tune in at 8:00AM,2:00PM,7:30PM and midnight for a taste of the incredible lineup for the Americana Music Fest http//:eastnashvilleradio.com
No rehearsal tonight after all.
Gonna have time to watch some Hopefully there'll be some good performances.
formermariners : Ibanez's HR landed in the Suite Level between 2nd/3rd decks.Only hitter to reach 3rd deck was Russ Branyan.
Free Beer Friday: Things you'd rather do than watch the World Cup.
Soccerloving producerrs: unhappy.
my undergrad degree, yes.
Fandom proclaimed in my professorle.
:
that's what the smell is
fixing to play mafia wars
So, how's your day going?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON!
THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day !
talktechmm awesome event
and I would run a marathon, have some doctornks,  then try to take over the world.
I have many flags.
bella i hate this guy please look him up his name is i hate him i yelled at him alot for you follow me on the 21
I love how just brushes off insults with a smile.
She loves who she is and that already makes her better than any of her critics.
Wearing a hoodie  shorts because youre confused about the weather.
rent a UHaul and pile everyone in the back ;
I'm not getting doctorssed hoop shorts and a white tee bc as soon as im done eating I'm hitting the sheets
lol what's the line
At the gym watching these weak ass niggas hoop....
They suck
CreativeCloud whast that pen he's using ?
my ex wanna work it out i told that nigga try yoga LMAO!!!!
Off to class.
I still wish this was last week though.
Who would Jesus bomb?
Thanks!
Great to hear!
RT : My hair doctorsser was just telling me how much he loves you guys.
Shucks!
Of course I would miss this opp today!
RT : Why do we need libraries?
What would you do if the library went away?
Noted!
Thank you for the valuable feedback!
Now upgrading community suite: board, blogs and SEO systems NE
RT : I feel privelaged and honored to be working on project for my class...
this museum will be something truly...
The best stage.

i remember someone stating :  the first word a child should learn is NO  !
Sounded quite appropiate.
How do I have a perfect grade in Mnt right now?
Future clinical dietitian doctorams are becoming reality!
We are what we believe we are C.
S.
Lewis
Clever girl...
MacBook Air AMD Will Apples AMD Trinity based MacBook Air see the light of day?
they are the source of lower back issues
we are sending good karma for smooth sailing.
When you meet that cute person just for 30 minutes and you see them the next day but dont say hi cuz you dont wanna look like a stoker...
asaians are fine at doctorving, its the parking.
Parking is to asians as dunking is to white people.
They just can't do it.
It's such a long process.
Take video!
Sopranos, I want that entrance to sound like a fresh ...
breath mint.
I hope everything's alright and you feel better soon.
I love you.
Need to get up to speed on computers?
Head tomorrow to Gibson Lib at 9:30 or to Paseo Verde Lib at 10 for an intro to PCs.
YUM!
I love Ice cream!
:
We all have thatfriend when there talking your thinking...oh honey good thing your pretty 
Thanks Richard
Have you ever wanted to volunteer with us?
You can!!
Email us at for all of the info.
: If you could doctorve your car straight up you would arrive in space in just over an hour.
AW MAN I WANNA!!!!
hey thanks for following me on twitter!
Good to meet you!
The only limits in life, are the ones you put on yourself.
will you please please follow :3
What kind of music does she sing?
Jazz?
Rock?
where u been??!
So, we have the ice crushed.
I hope you have too.
Big thunder crashing down!
What?!?
Waiting?!?!
Bring that shit on sir.
Men's rooms sinks.
Eyeww.
Hey have you heard of ?
I think they'll be your new jam!!
What is your favorite distinction between management and leadership?
Welcome to the team Olivia Mayberry, Fredoctorck Gonzales, Arami Allen, Chris Boulware, and Joshua Conrad!!!!
Glad to have you on our team!
The OPLIN office has no internet, and we know several libs also without.
It's an ATT issue; no ETA known.
Tia's is accepting applications for all positions.
Weekdays 10 to for details visit www.tiaswaterfront.com/employment.php
just landed in Lubbock,TX.
Spending much quality time with my family
Britain: excuse me Mexico:perdon Italy:permesso France:pardon Canada:sorry America: get the fuck out of my way douchedick!
Lol we're watching it to:
Imagine a waker entering the doctoram world with knowledge of the waking world.
What would be his attitude towards that illusory world?
happy 4 day weekend as well.
See my last tweet.
Eerily similar to yours.
Sick shot by Durantula
The entire corner of chuch and market literally smells like cocaine
iloveyoumarkk!: you are the best cousininlaw ever 3,.:
I'm at Lagwagon BITCHES!!
Oh...
Phoenix is going reach 100 degrees this week.
Daytime hibernation mode is now in effect,
Things should not be said, things should be done, because when you do them, you say them at the same time.
Coffee watch at saa10: coffee/espresso now also served at hotel bar.
Very short line.
The active, selfsufficient person you have known for many years may slowly begin requiring additional help
I think if something goes wrong during the live airing, you have enough professorssionals to cover it up well!
My wife, is having the neigbors over for an Oscar party.
I don't think I've seen ANY of the movies.
I got a new phone.
Samsung galaxy s2.
Love the Swype!
We're in booth 1435 at txla12!
Stop on by to see the ebullient Nick Glass or the affable Amanda Kramer!
Ask for cheese erasers!
shit waitin on this nigga Percy so we can make this move bout to go smoke that clove lol
Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King
Lots to do today!!!
Catch me if u can 
thank you!
love you :
Cause you got a smilee that takess me to another plaanettt!
3
School today, Nah I'm good
.
at this point midwest state govs will probably seize on any opportunity to get a foot hold in on some anti labor legislation
RT It's time to go through my slummy facebook and cull out some folks.
I like open discussion, but ignorance...
love it
but it's kind of an uncomfortable position.
I get my stitches out on the 30th  hopefully I'll get good news.
The nurse at the
I hate how i get sleepy early and everyone, it seems, can stay up for hours  lol
We've got some great gifts for that special Valentine!
I'm off to DC!
Congratulations to everyone who is graduating!
:
The assessment of Competent/Not Competent at Skill X would be.
But, a portfolio wouldn't.
She said, Yes!
A stranger on the street just offered to be my escort and personal bodyguard.
In Limine  On the threshold, at the very outset
Mixtape has started...sounds good and there are lasers!!!
When do you work!!???
u got an instagram?
According to my teacher, I don't ever get excited which hampered my debate haha.
Us too!
Next session is tonight at 7:00pm  Pink Light with Beki Borman.
Should be a good one.
:
Congrats to my boy Justin Johnson for setting a new career high in receiving yards today in a win versus Tulsa!!!
really need to go shopping again
thank you cold basement for keeping me nice and not hot
Cooking pancit with my mama 
Man i hate my life
Update: The crash occurred just off Frankfort Pike near the Franklin/Scott County line.
Today in jazz: 1913 Reedman/bandleader Woody Herman born in Milwaukee, WI.
Lets welcome to Twitter and AztecNation!
Be sure to follow them!
If you can talk on the phone while doing it, it's not exercise.
Always quit while you're ahead!
I think I would have had fun at the computer stuff, but got busy.
OMG THANKS3
yeah.
They can be tricky.
I'm usually good with them since my mom grows them.
I totally killed a couple over winter though.
i really like our apt decor.
lets get a tree this weekend!!!
Super 8.
Wow.
My favorite movie in a long time.
Good family movie, but a little scary for younger kids.
think I could pull off some basic , but none of the advanced level stuff.
Hiding behind a bush doesn't keep the girl from seeing you stare, it just makes it more creepy when she does.
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
RT When writing comedy, use less words.
Don't overwrite the joke.
Get to it.
Bam.
Ha!
thanks ' ahh it hurts.
it even hurts to move my head
says teachers also have a right to privacy, but parents right to know outweighs teachers right to privacy
Rain at night makes for good sleeping 
Oh man, it's every single time.
I've got like 6 separate email threads on the same conversation
when I was an undergrad Jason misterz came to UMKC and I saw him!
Thanks for the video, it is priceless!
I never knew that I would make such a funny elf.
wah im hungry!
Radioactive Iodine from Fukushima Found in California Kelp Scientific American By Marla Cone and Environmental Health News  March 30, 2012
headed out to San Tan Wheelie Jam!
Chip and Alicia, you there?
Katy Perry's on replay, she's on replay Dj got the floor to shake...
The floor to shake.
Flying to Kaua'i tomorrow.
Then racing around to 6 separate meeting, getting on a plane and flying back to Honolulu.
TRUTH.
RT : Cost of Disorganization: Lost Money
Psalm 107:42 The upright see and rejoice, but all the wicked shut their mouths.

thanks Jeb.
I'm trying!
thanks for the follow and the vote!
Greatly appreciated.
Have a good weekend.
SERIOUSLY I WANNA KNOW WHO WON ONE OF THE PAIRS OF FREE VIP TICKETS FOR LIFE TO WARPED
what would we do without you 45 days a week?
Hey everbody do me a favor check out my boy he a cool dude
Having a crisis comm.
plan in place is essential!
You Welcome
As A Kid I Liked To Mention Uncle Rasputin At Family FunctionsI Was Always Whisked Out Side And Told Were Americans Now Knock It Off.
Merry Christmas my queen
2nd to last class of the worst class ever!
At least that is a bright light compared to the pain of the class.
The Germans tend to assume there are two root causes to most problems: 1 stupidity and 2 failure to follow official protocol.
Sadly, DeCarava's work is falling into obscurity because estate is overly protective, won't authorize reproductions
Amazing RocknRoll Hall of Fame show!
Can't see Smokey Robinson enough!
I can't even watch it anymore.
It's turning into crap.
CITEConf is wrapped.
Kudos to the team for their dynamic ontheground social media and video work.
...Oh wait, 20MM left fielder's going to be out 3 months with a sore elbow.
Thaat's more like it.
where you 
GlobalDev student?
Great resources for your studies bit.ly/pR7SGW books data development MT
We did 2D as well.
Not interested in paying extra for distracting gimmickry.
hahaha yeahh not as rough as Thursday's.if I were you I'd try to skip those thursday workouts the stadiums are great.
so true!
all I can think of when I see a ring that big is a blood diamond!
No problem.
Glad I could help.
It was a lifesaver for us too with our first.
Second didn't care much for it.
Meijer Announces Seafood Initiative  Earth Blog
glad you and your sis liked it!
You'll have to try Wang Gang next time.
Well I'll probably see you there then : lol.
Petri/Johnson/Lipinski amendment to restore TE funding fails by two votes.
2927
serious talent.
Killed that song!!!
RT : Astro...
Kills it everytime.
There is white on your illustration.
What did you use for that?
It looks like paint.
Is it all in pencil?
:
Visit www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs.
to help spread the word about Denver Local Fashion Designer 3 3 3 thank You
Finally I'm back home and unpacking.
lol many many times.
That's where I had my 21st
oh.
what did you guys do?
Green and yellow!
Guys who walk around with cute puppies are just looking to pick up chicks ;
newportfolk Sounds like it was a great weekend.
Thanks to for the streams.
hi Javiera thx for the follow!
If was in that dwill line would not have happened
Two things I know.
Thursday's are my favorite lunch day and there can't be a better taco than that of fo shizzle.
: I betRT just now finishing up da track dis shit gone be stupid crazy cuzo when dis finally doctorp
I like verbally too.
Wish the voice quality was better or there was some way to upgrade the voices
NOT STOPPING NOW, I GOTTA TALK TO YOUU!;
did reply to you?
I happen to know that the talk will indeed be podcast, so despair not!
Wow.
The audience just clapped after Mark Cuban said he was the luckiest guy in the world....
Ritz or Saltines?
GIRL YOU POPPED LIKE
OMFG I know right!!:
Also rather excited for s 21st festivities 
Me 2 RT : I often put on my headphones to listen to music and then realize 30 minutes later that I forgot to turn on the music.
I'm Glad Ya Heart Is Cripple , I Can't STAND YOU !
i am number 1369 to follow
RT Tonight at Studio Z Fitness at 7:30.
Come Rock with me!
You know what?
FTS.
I don't deserve to have my day ruined.
I have limits, too.
Only so much I can tolerate  only so much I'm capable of.
Can't wait to kick it with my
what I love about you is your passion for acting, relation with fans, and of course your LoVE for Lucy!!
On the boat!!
Great ima hear it from my boss 
Gorgeous day today!
RT : good morning.
my oldest son is turning into a little audiophile; he just got his first bose speakers...not a bad start little man, not bad at all!
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week.
Thanks, teachers!
Its 11:11 Make A Wish..
Good night!
xx
OH SO NOW IM A WITCH?!?!?!
i thought you said i was beautiful.
you have issues sam.
I'm never gonna help you out again
If It's Important Enough You'll Find A Way!!
If Not, You'll Find An Excuse!
We MUST tailgate next gm on May 19 vs Edmonton!
Spring Awakening.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you run into your roommate from freshman year on campus...
I am the ambassador of TP conf along the way I will to keep you up to date and post cool stuff in the blog which now has a detailed intro
I  turtles.
Fuck.
The internet on my phone isn't working.
rather, i'm going to the pool with my dad during winter to look at a guitar.
The only official day you can eat all the candy you want.
Oct 31
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
And actually 1 in 3 people that are HIV positive are between the ages of 1329
Dear Dad The best part about not knowing you is that I still have a nose neverplayedgotyournose
nccetl students creating own animation/playing own music/own art in class presentationsreal learning/real reflection
wonders how peole have signal on the slopes and yes there is still snow even if they are just wearing tshirts; it was quite nic
I feel like a fatass now heh
Mad props to Ryuuji for scraping every OPAC in Japan to create an API for their data
Best field trip so far!
If Mitt Romney becomes president I'm moving to Africa.
Good to hear!
im glad YOU had a good experience, my spies told me that, i was working on Kim K, check TMZ for my pic
wow, I'm just seeing that.
Guess that's what I get for typing sans glasses.
He is a jaunter!
Deep in my heart I know you love me as much as I love you
SNO Clothing this Second Saturday on J street Check us out.
All SNO shirts will be going for 25 Dollars Even....
My brother is gay and he loves One Direction!
Especially, Louis lol!
So, I ship them ; JuLou :D
Can't stay awake through a movie anymore, I'm starting to feel like my dad
I'm afraid to ask why the heck you had to do that.
My preteen heartthrob, Davy Jones of The Monkees, dies of a heart attack at 66.
Bummer.
Check out Wikets.
The new iPhone app that allows you to share and be rewarded for product recommendations.
hi love 3 how are you?
Any Yankee Blogs want to cohost a bar night with us in NYC on 3/3?
Yankee fans, cheap doctornks.
See our blog for details
ha!
and good to see you Kathy  hope you had a great Mom's day.
RT : BuildingMoxie Hey back atcha.
Working with HellBent Tattoo in Colorado Springs to get Rapper Tech N9ne out for some tattoos, Pics,  autographs!
See last tweet  like!
I will miss the snow though!!
I would SHITTED my pants.....
Thanks for the favorite!
:
huh?
it was out today.
but you are beautiful
: If you don't cast a shadow, then you're not standing in the light.
Feeling really worn out  empty today, being with my friends really helped me alot 3
about to go download nd vibe to
Channeling Katy  just bought a ticket for one to see Footloose.
I have Great memories of my Mother , makes me smile !
woah, we actually had a life before 1D?
: they'd see my side if they follow me and I'm cool with it.
shrugs
Looking for advice on data usage while traveling abroad.
Considering mobile hotspots, but want unlimited data.
Any ideas?
im hungry
ugh airports are the worst!!
At least you look gorgeous ;
neverTrustAGirl that says....nah, I just got a hair bump!
Anytime.
I'm here for you.
lovebeyonce!!!!
Listening to her album 4!!!
Damn the ORIGINAL DIVA is backk!!!
badbitchftw!!
:
I never had the honor to meet your father but he inspired me with his music through my tough years.
I know you will inspire many
we talked about having the anointing in us to overcome all things at church today.
I know you and your boys can overcome all!
Julio Jones is the best WR in the NFL.
redbull FLUTTAG September 15th.
Let's push something over the pier!
Bouta hit the Gym, Beachwood Lifetime Fitness
Live it up and have a happy Thanksgiving break!
Superbowl Sunday.
Who is everyone rooting for and what is everyone eating????
Agree with everything!
not everyone has a Smartphone  Smartphone ecosystems don't care about RCSe  False Start
Kicking off my twit life by enjoying a beautiful glass of scotch next to the fireplace.
I didn't know you very well, but you were still family.
YouWillBeMissed RIPcousin It's sad, but God knows what he's doing.
I love Weiner!!!!
I.
Fucked up!
D;
LETS GO CANES.
We already lost Jacory Harris for the game; let's not lose Shannon losing to a winless team and ACC foe.
Why do I even bother?
wheniwasacrab my section leader made us hold our eyelids open when we would fall asleep
Come see!
RT present 2:30pm LifeSci NSRC2012: Using IMUs for Space Vehicle Safety, Comfort, Design, and Performance Optimization
Sitting down to read O Nightingale a poem by John Milton
looks like you found it.
I'll get back to you before the end of the week.
Starting the WAVE early, wishing  good luck for tonite's DWTS ONLY on !
GOPACKGO,
Good morning egg whites turkey bacon and oatmeal!!!
Wage, salary inflation pressures 39;subdued39;  Otago Daily Times ...
Bed time.
I leave you with my song of the night.
Fall For YouSecondhand Serenade.
Don't make me change my mind good night: sweat doctorams
Shut up
Done with classes til August!
Hope I don't forget how to think good.
We consider all locations!!!!
ICantStandPeople who start shit over nothing.
Soundbyte from Antoine Dodson NEVER gets old!
This is not the time to NOT be creative....i need some motivation....
Big hugs back to you ladies!!
Stage freight Strategies Part 2 3.Get individual or group public speaking coaching.
4.Listen to music.
5.Read a poem.
RT : Check out the turkey reuben today on nbc between 3pm and 4 today!
I love when boys wear muscle shirts.
And free wifi, while we're at it
The Pirates seriously need to adopt a policy like the Pens where your ass remains in your seat till between innings.
Was that a blown call or did I see it wrong?
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
Eeeeewwwyyy.
I just killed one of those thousand leg thingies...
Hey!
Love the new picture :D
tea for 2 and 2 for tea!
i love my ice cream sundaes lol
NEVER EVER u go girl!
;
where did Coach Evans go?
OKC bound w/ hoping for a break in the rain.
I'm having problems today.
Look away!!!
I so love your site and sayings
How many times must I unsubscribe from your marketing email list before I stop receiving email?
I know the feeling...thank goodness for skype, right?
Just missed a speeder because I was sending a bitch a text.
I added a smiley face into it, that takes me a while but bitches lovesmileyfaces
FYI, loved using StageIt  really easy, really worked!
let me know if you want more info.
Hope you're well!
Ahah : It's going great!
I recently moved to a new place!
It's really near the beach!
Just chilling on my bed , while the A/C is full time ON ....
Gettin back on the ecohorse.

Welcome to the tweet world  get better mister
I wasn't happy to be on the field tonight.....
It didn't feel right to me, and it didn't feel right to the team......
uh oh what happened?
I hate getting my blood doctorwn.
April Fools?
speaking of texting, I'm down w/textisms, but isn't lol just always a buzzkill?
Work Out With Katie Boyd 's Miss Fit Video On tonight 's episode of Wicked Fit, you saw Katie Boyd star in her very own fitness video, Mi
Late night meeting with Abel Ferrara in Little Italy.
Gotta love NYC baby!
The day is moving westward!
One day, I hope to find the strength to ask my friends to remove me from their weekly game night email threads.
MilkshakeCityDirectionersGoMOO SHUSH YEAH!!
MO
Someone give me a job, please.
I asked nicely.
It's January 17th and it's 17 days til Speaking Of!
Coinkydink?
Or maybe it's a sign that you should buy your ticket Today!
ugh i hate when i have to pay it .
when tho ?
today or tomorrow ?
so sick and tired of being sick and tired
thats probably what happened to my back!
always hunched over playing!
ps.
i saw the rockstar video and you def lived up to it!!
PI KAPPA ALPHA nigggggguh.
But I'm seriously so confused abt the underwear
Just finished another session with DD and on the boards...
Procrastination is a good thing young.
Improves efficiency and productivity a hundoctord fold.
Life is finally going the way I want it to.
3
These announcers act like James Harden deserves some sort of humanitarian award for not bitching about coming off the bench
Words that mean different things to scientists  publicmore dangerous than unfamiliar jargon: aerosol, enhance, feedback...
theory!
Working on the Ferrari458 video.
Will post when the edit is done.
I will try not to disgrace the glory of that which is Ferrari...
I'm listening to your audio book now and I'm really enjoying it.
It certainly is!
RT : Wow!
That's quite a prediction for advertisers and marketers to consider!
Amazing!
Hope you enjoyed the tour.
Visit us again soon!
great music btw.
I like nerds and nurses
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
I believe that your boat is in mint condition.
But take the cover off and prove it.
Sketchy ass Craigslist people
yeah the artists were chilling taking a break, can't wait to see the finished project.
is 143 ditching race tech?
are you going??
RT : Taylor PR exec explains what companies should expect when they hire a PR firm to help with social media...
Best app on any device is clearly love it.
Had a great time yesterday at my BudweiserHP  thanks !
Anybody know anybody who has taken a class with Winnie Holzman?
Would love to talk to you/them.
I seriously can't by myself around you.
And that's kinda sad.
that feed has been a rich find.
Let me run em down: Violent Femmes!
BoDeans!
Speech from Arrested Development!
Braid/PRing, etc!
Some days, I'm just depressed
I wasn't doctornk!
Dude, you destroyed my mother's garden, yelling FUCK FARMVILLE!
Andy Pettitte will pitch Sunday st Frontier Field.
My classroom
House will do what it can, and hopefully the Senate  Exec will follow and adopt these standards says
Stumbled into a random traffic jam.
Awesome.
already followed you...
I'll check my messages.
Thanks!
:
not possible, you are to good to go to waste ;
thanks for the follow
I't looks very nice :D
Shout out to the people with smart cars that do dumb shit
someone i used to know
RT Don't be gshock just watch  cold ass line bro cant wait for the new single  Right On Bro
thanks for coming tonight...
great to finally meet you!!
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone.
Horace
Are you a humble servant leader or simply a dictator?
hint servant leaders don't have to ask for followers.
Tell me if it's possible, That I could be the one to end her search for a men and she could be the one that ends my search for romance.
Reboot.
Look at the big brain on Math Guy.
Stoked!
Watching 16 and Pregnant with my Mom and Dad.
,
I'm bout to eat dinner than ..I'm Off to the library ttyl tweeps
Sorry I can't hear you.
I'm def everyone runs away.
yeah that's the story of my life.
GLAD you are keeping strong brother and keep smiling and laughing as much as you can, only way to do it!
ALL MY BEST bro!!
: J
Thanks for following, Colleen!
I will follow if you follow me:
Idaho: In the secondlowest scoring home game in NAU program history, the Lumberjacks were limited to 18 points in the second half in a...
Running in new heels.
Well, I THOUGHT they were comfortable.
Ouch.
Recorded the last tune for The Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF new CD last night.
Music written by the band!
I can't wait to start a career  make a salary, so I can live in a large enough apartment for my clothing  I 3
Um, WOW!
RT : By 2018, 4 million open, unfilled STEM jobs, says 's Hank Jackson
We are excited to see what the message will be the Obama White House.
doctor Cynthia Harris
lulz my bro is in LA for 4 days and he happens to go on the one day of the year there's a shitstorm.
Joint Statement by North American Leaders at April 2 Summit
You can email us at HoustonFlashmob gmail.com with Twestival Plans in the Twestival Flashmob details.
LiteraryEvent 5/10 7p: Author Kevin OBrien reads Terrified
Wow: RT : Quality brainstorming is shifting...incessant teamwork is out.
Solo brainstorm, then collaborate is best.
for a long time I've been contemplating whether to get one haha
flip cup.
I don't wanna brag but I'm really good.
oh it's gon work we gotta do it, just a dope ass apartment with people we know dependable just sexweedgames AND money lol
Early morning at work tomorrow  can't sleep because I'm worried about oversleeping
WhenAustin kisses Angel in the Mistletoe video : 
This is no longer 's twitter
Beer...check...UFC on FOX...check...
Favre being sued, McNair murdered and Seau lost to suicide.
I never would have thought growing up that my favorite athletes would be here
Done with my AP final!
Thank god
Just had a great customer service experience  Alderwood Optical.
They take care of my eyewear issues  cut me an unbelievable deal to boot!
The 50 most interesting stats from the '1112 Bruins season  New England Hockey Journal
I like my hair curled :
Fruit ninja ;D
Great, looking forward to it!
lol.
it is so far..
hella nice outside other then being kinda wet.
Bro Tell Me Why I Was Playing Basketball  Mine Smell Like It To.!
We will be in New York City performing May 4th5th
I'm a travel addict too.
I led treks to the Everest Base Camp and wrote an adventure/romance novel set in Nepal.Beyond the Summit
srry, bout the late reply, // nd hell yea u told me off, I was sorta flirting wit u nd shyt, nd u came at me that u had a BF
People are dancing in the airport ....um ok.
I can dig it I guess
'Our suffering tears haven't been in vain, we have been able to stand up, despite the pain of our people,we haven't lost!'
Listening to Thelonius Monk's son talk about his father at Reston Comm Center.
Hilarious and Historical!
i'm not that shouts out Ouch Johnny!
that hurt!
lol
no!
Haha just that its a lot of people.
I will never know  Seriously cute.
What's the review on taste?
automated curation won't ever work imo.
I might be able to automate finding posts but never determining the worthiness/value of them
Packers need a center for the future.
C Michael Brewster wouldn't be a bad pick here.
what research is leading you to this vaccine push?
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS DC EVENT FEB 10th, HELP US VOICE TO THE 18 VOTERS!
TIME FOR US TO KICK THE CHAIR FROM THE KIDDIE TBLE
thank you got the RT
Hey there!
Thanks for the RT :D
and...
as the saturdaylibrarian in charge today i forgot my keys.
I love it when code is 10x smaller than the previous release.
Choosing the right language for the task is most crucial.
So we have a cd out and we would like you to buy it.
It's on iTunes or you can get a real copy from us.
If a women need a friend, come be my friend i am always available for yo fine ass!!
lol
Movie date...
he messed you up for life :
Nice seeing you both today!
thx for reading.
:.
Looking forward to following your tweets
Not just prejudice.
Very real concerns about workload.
Time to prep  teach has to come from somewhere 
what's ur email addoctorss?
Do the buttons and words on ATM machines ever line up directly??
Or is that just me...
Bout that time i done flipped up...
Cant wait to get my water gun for the summer..
Wettin everything up...
Yeeee
After practice today, must say the fixings for a new song are coming together nicely.
Congrats.
At the same institution or somewhere else?
killing it!
we could really use you on the show right now
RT : RT : My Hair is my Crown  Glory!!
Fuck this, you two decide to poke ass so im out and idgaf if you bitch when i come back home
Had a great time at Fridays ClevelandFurnitureBank Gala.
A gnat just got stuck in my lipgloss.
Tomorrow we Uber.
Ray Charles to the bullshit
Just 100 dollars short of being able to buy a plane ticket to Ireland.
Then all I need is spending money!
not n 5 just the series bet
Derek freeman?
CANNOT WAIT!
Haha, no problem!
lol good one;
Linked Data presentation for Maryland Librarians is done.
Beer me now please!
i LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!
If ur afraid to open your mouth...how the hell will u ever get what u want
I can't fall asleep right now, and it helps when you say goodnight..
so goodnight .
For all her stylish fun, she gets Clerihew's pithy pardon: Emily Gordon RT : Sorry for the tnyquestion posts, lovely followers!
This is the first day I can see my own breath in awhile.
Shouldn't complain..but still...
we haven't done that yet?
RT : I feel like me and makes beautiful music I can't wait to keep building.
you guys are cute and are awsome dancers!
Lots Of Love!
We've got in the house at 6:45 to tell us about 10 mosteligible bachelors/bachelorettes on the auction block for charity!
good!!
not out yet, but the process is fun!
Strategy, market and brand development call me!
yes I redid it though lol
Come on you, Sixers!!!!
oh yay, that'll be fun.
i love bieber
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.
the white club is no longer exclusive
Mother's Day Giveaway!
RT  follow for a chance to win a Mother's Day themed flower arrangement from
What other people think of you is none of your business.
Today we will be closed for a event from 10am till 5:30pm.
Well, the coffee counter will be open, cause we know you need your fix.
;
I am really bitchy this morning.
the Lakers were originally from Minneapolis which the Great lakes are nearby so that's why they're the Lakers.
This Marvel's Black Panther show is nice as hell, dude beat the shit outta captainin America
thanks!
i'm super excited about the show!
xoox
had so much fun with you girls!
i might cop IVs tom.
My boy said his FTL might get a restock in
55 over here!
YOU CAN DO IT!!!
A good decision  a bad decision both start with the same thing...a thought.
Got my work inbox down to 20 messages.
Added lots of todo's to my list, but I feel more on top of it all.
Now for pesky listservs.
Are you the guy I saw by the restroom?
Is counting the doctorgging hours before I leave the enclosing walls of my job!!!
Taking the pictures, duh.
He's not dumb.
I think we might be safe to.
Might as well for 2013 too.
randoms that puked then passed out!
LOL
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they limit despair and other problems.
did you put an airplane there byy his name because you think he is FLY?
Best things about Young Adult: Teenage Fanclub and the character arc.
Listening to Pirates Post game on the way to softball practice.
Hello summer!
can't remember the last time I've scene on of those when it wasn't Sunday.
Working on some layouts, designing, and coding like a maddog.
confuse everyone.
Yes...
I am easily entertained.
:
Nice hat tip to in today's email.
RT The Cox farm in illinois planted corn yesterday.Earliest ever!
Tim Berners Lee 4 rules of linked data: 1.
Use URIs as names for things.
2.
Use HTTP URIs so that people can look up those names
your awesome babe :
retract those thoughts.
About to get my brunch on at with and family style!!!
With Huckabee, Daniels and the rapture out of the way, don't see much standing between Romney and the Repub.
nomination
Can't wait for New York which is why I want this weight off of me.
Dannyelle fundoctoriser is march 24 4:30 to 6 concert at 6:15.
I can't wait to get that new today , but I already know its all gonna be froze up at 2:15
Losing the packing tape battle.
1/2  Everyone likes a little humor and it can make a learning process more interesting and help engage the learners, but...
24 hours no sleep, I can hear my heart beating thru my ears, is that good??
We provide a free transportation solution that grabs your potential customers attention and doesnt let go.
r u coming 2morrow?
Happy birthday!
you got it.
I will call you tomorrow.
Thanks for getting back in touch with me.
April issue is so inspiring!
It's feeding my
i was talking about the seats...not you...i mean i expected someone of your grace to have field level box..
My mom says she really wants to meet hoping to make that happen when opens
Ed Rodley talking about Scapes  a great app
Shaun!
SHAUN!
We are excited my loves, because we are doing two shows tomorrow Oct.
1st, one is at the Marvin Gaye park Human Kindness Day 5214 foot
Right on.
U still need to try my APA.
Attending stream: Data Privacy Day 2012: Should Librarians Care About Privacy Anymore?
A Webinar Featuring Barbara Jones
IE6 is like a dying dog, always been able to roll over for client projects.
But now, for the 1M redesign it lays there, too weak to respond.
He believed that you had to make the good out of the bad because there wasn't anything else to make it out of.
i Wanna paint my room, C:
It is brutal I asked for a 2nd opinion, they said make it stop!
: DEAD at wounded cat....Icant
Ouch there's sugar in my shoe
can't deny that i want to, but i lie if have to cause you don't say you love me
ikr like be grateful !
I'm going shopping with my mom : and listening to 11:11 on repeat!
What are you going to do today?
Hmm!
So this explains your pink guitar, Ray?
;
sweet popcorn is called Kettle corn
tucker was fast asleep on couch within 20 minutes of getting home today.
sweet sweet peaceful victory :
He said if you want something to happen you must have a heart of expectancy
cool..
where was it taken?
Also can we post your twitter name as the Jagoff catcher or go anonymous?
doctorm editing and stuff nbd : 
great idea!
I'm gonna use that line.
It sounds like it would work
unfortunately trickledown is largely bipartisan due to 3 generations of brainwashing
dang.
I am thoroughly impressed.
Way to go!
its kool.
we luv you still.
thank you so much for following back yer so pretty
The reason Kuhn is on the list is a lot more due to people knowing his name than his ability
No doubt!
RT : b1gtourney Why do people rely on 5hr energy?
Just go to bed earlier!
Cancer rate doubled for transplant patients  San Francisco Chronicle
all these math notes, whaduhhhhhfuh
Home Sweetest Home!!!!!!
I forgot my notebook.
Who will cohost the show with when wins???
aye its lonely up here, all by myself
idol  Hollie had a few minor trouble spots but it was extremely heartfelt and emotional.
Pretty good.
Filming for Rock Out Autism today!
Finally lebron shaved his jesus beard
The rich invest their money and spend what's left; the poor spend their money and invest what's left.
Annd that's a wrap!
New reel is finished..
HappyHumpDay!
EL OH EL!
honestly he needs to just quit :S
Chalmers' D makes Lin looks like a high school player...
There is something fascinating about a person who continues to fight on long after many around them might believe the battle is all over
Always love what they have to say!
Working on some fresh tracks with my brothers.
Don't forget  The Lonesome Sound live!
Feb 10th at Mayday in Northside!
SHINE Medical Technologies announces it will locate new manufacturing plant in Janesville, create more than 100 jobs there by 2015.
Glen Este Key Club is having a bake sale next week in the mornings during Regular  Late Arrival in the East Cafeteria....
thanks for following follow for unprofessorssional tweets
slides will go up on the conference site for slide updates, that link should be in your booklet but LMK if you ca't find
Next Friday.
Not tomorrow.
A little late night dinner for Brandon.
Oh there's a hot Mexican taking my order!
Yes!
I have lived to be happy.
listened to the President doesn't sound too good
How cute!
You're sad the season is over.
Upcoming Events for smbmad April 18 is Rotary International Language Services team  Rotary International: Speaking Social Crossculturally
it looks good to me :
Best of luck to tonight on TheVoice!
So honored she sang at  my wedding.
is finally starting to recover from the cold, can't wait to get better soon!!!
TheresNoReason to hate another human being!
The best gift we can give ourselves is health.
Proper diet, serious workout daily and enough sleep should do the trick.
Not that hard!:
and get themselves in trouble lol
When you hang out with my friends a lot.
It makes me feel like you are starting to like her..
And soon forget me.
bf3 is actually crazy good.
Graphics are insane and you can actually doctorve things.
Tank, jets, etc
Inglorious Basterds...
Incredible.
Sneaking into Funny People now.
Who will come out on top?
Dunno.
Kinda hard to beat Tarantino though.
can i get paid now lol
whatever im surprise u aint doctornk
Web 1.0 wasn't social because databases and servers weren't ready for that much data and processing power
whoa u look so nice
that's good.
She's doing great!
Thanx for asking
Security professorssionals Nationwide
I do that too.
Have a 46 TV 6 feet away, but it's perpendicular to my line of sight, so I often watch on my iPad when I'm alone.
John Cusack and Emma Roberts, stop filming around the block so I can park at my own fraking house.
i would like to go as far as possible im a hard workinq girl foreal , i love to sing rap and dance most of all i wont let you dwn

VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE
Thanks for the follow!
I'm an actor too, but sadly, have not been in any movies or TV shows.
sorry but there isnt.
In fact that area is terrible
thank you so much doll!
Pretty gorgeous yourself!
Have a FABULOUS day!
:
Just tweeted updated version of ux presentation
Thanks for the morning smile.
Have a good Sunday!
can you know?
there is no limit to what i can accomplish today.....thanks Master P
mymotivation being broke
happy birthday dude!
wow, already headed home from st.Louis.
rollin papers..
100 Cappers with action on tonights games posted and 2 consensus on the Knicks  Lakers ...
See ya at the Window
's not gonna make it past the Cowboys anyway.
Having fun tweeting about paycon!
I needa late night texting bud!
AnyTakers?
I listened to your thing on the moth today!
Hi bed.
honestly after our convo last night, I think anyone under 30 is off limits to me now.
Cougar Power in 2012.
Last day in Cali and then off to Miami trick!!!
The best part of roundup is seeing people you know from high school and being so doctornk you can't actually remember if they go to UT or not.
Nearing capacity crowd of 4500 at Monona Terrace recall walker party
Audition for trailer park with
It's hard to get back into pumpkinthemed story time after a I don't have a daddy.
interruption from a frontrow prek kid.
WhatHurtsTheMost is going from best friends to enemies
TEXT MY COMPUTER BACK DUDE.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
Tony Robbins
Couldn't get breakfast at dufour's because there were too many people ordering food...
If video killed the radio star, then social media .
i love my people 3 but i love my fam and bf mister than i love you ppl !
DIRTY PERIOD HABITS.....
For MothersDay my boys want to take me to Moms get in free w/paid child...
Can't wait!
Love Me or Hate Me...But im always gone come out on top..
It's never too late to become the person you might have been  George Elliot
Oh no!
What's wrong?
that's just wrong.
And funny.
:
is live at BarNoneChicago.
40 doctornk package includes all doctornks and food.
Come by and party with us!
haha!
Why wouldn't you!?!
DUDE I need a UMD night
'if you punish a person for doctoraming his doctoram don't expect him to thank or forgive you...'
What is that thing?
TEBOW!!!!
Where are the haters now!!!!!!
jigging in slow motion
let us know what you think ;
Happy Weekend to all!!!
I also believe scouts said Peyton Manning was selfish and not as good as advertised
....
they look retarted
Thanks!
Happy Valentine's Day to you too.
send me your email for an G invite
I'm gonna go to bed now, i've been so tired lately.
Goodnight tweeters!:
This dbq though
Springing forward on the most beautiful day in Miami!
Sunny, breezy, it's the life!
People make choices.
In phoenix working on new course plus figuring out twitter
Thanks for the follow Lauren!
hijacked Political conversation surely.
If anything gets restored, I sure hope it's sanity.
What if you do good to destroy good?
Now my brain hurts...
quick shower then relax, you'll love it!
Hey Peter I'm hosting a golf tourney in June.
Any upcoming breweries need exposure to heavy marketing doctornkers?
what city do you live in then?
I'm in San Bruno right now!
Hows it goin in GB.
you know what, you should really become a viking
Do you want to come up here to Chicago, switch places with the Sox, and give us a season over .500?
I'll cuddle with you :
absolutely.
They have set the appropriate tone and I hope all supporters are directed by and respect that tone.
I wonder were well I meet her the perfect girl that I doctoramed of
Doing some research and stumbled across this kid from the uk fux with the uk heavy, wouldn't mind taking my talents there.
RT : today and tomorrow and on wednesday is our incredible pizza field trip :
I have a group of 4 that wants to ride Thurs 8pm!
I know there are a few groups of 2 and 4 out there looking to use Groupons!
Book up ppl!
Meetings  emails  emails  emails lol
It's confusing when Mayhem from the Allstate commercials is lying on Lemon's couch with a concussion.
Another memorable Old Spice Classic is in the books.
Thank you to everyone who attended, watched on TV, and followed our Tweets!
Did you Know that running or walking a dog in the heat can cause cracked  splitting paws?
hey!
You know what you should do?: meet me!
Just fly
Im literally startin fresh fam, im gonna send that CD if thats what i gotta do.
just a hungry ohio MC here
Heading for an early dinner at Can't wait to see the creativity.
Make your own luggage tags at Around the World Luggage Tags at the Francis Branch on March 8th at 4pm.
Pre register online or call 2824641.
from reading the rest of your tweets, it sounds like you've got a great trip planned.
Enjoy!
And Happy Birthday!
I'd rather be swimming right now 
Mama is proud
RT : Shit my roommate says  Rihanna has been doctornking coconut water so I got coconut water
Watching paranormal activity 2 with my uncle
RT   NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS 5PC TWIN BEDDING SET, Twin Comforter, Twin Sheet Set, Pillow Sham, New NFL Boys Best Offer Promo
UPDATE 1Protesters voice anger outside BofA annual meeting
Given that very few fire agencies actually do have civilian PIOs, I think a legitimate issue has been raised.
Wooooohoooooooo!!!
Go Kings!!!
: Wow, that's a nice looking pair of crocs!
Said by no one.
Ever.
this is for you
Time names President Hrabowski one of 100 most influential; story on front page of Baltimore Sun
Hate being sick.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY girlie !!:D hope u get many presents!!!
u'll be getting mine soon.....:D
Hooray.
Good luck on the next steps!
Playing open mic at Murhpy's in Wrigley tonight...with an upright bassist in our line up for the first time!!!
Thank god I'm working  can't watch this disgrace : Kazakhstan takes the U.S.
to overtime at the world championship.
Sean Age 5: What kinda hair cut are we gonna give u today lil guy?
I don't know what I want, I guess I'll take a blow job....
True Story
I'm not running, but I'm hoping to volunteer at the mile 7 water stop
ha ha is he now, what's so perfect about him????
No ones got it all
I want to go out to eat who down
FOLLOW ME PRETTY PLEASE!!!
I FOLLOWED YOUR SISTER!!
':
Thanks Kathy!
I owe you one :
3 wedding cakes, 1 groom's cake, and over 200 cupcakes...done, done and done.
Now time to relax with my great family :!
Whoops!
Running a bit late for ttw12  see everyone soon!
Who's enjoying their Thursday?
Praying for ya to have a full, speedy, and strengthening recovery Narvy.
Take care bro
My Grandmother called me today and Told me she loves me for who am I and doesn't care that I am gay.
Ur kidding urselves if u think this wont have an affect on the AA vote.
Preemptive outreach is in order.
Isn't that the place w/ the amazing truffled fries?
The 1st I've ever had were there.
Happy year end!
TIFF11 starts today.
We'd love to be there and check out Paddy Considine's Tyrannosaur!
Good stuff coming to the screens!
I sure didn't need to see this when I am so far away from home.
A GPS,if not alert will take you to Mexico/Canada.
Formatted my PC this weekend and had to install the new The new blue client is quite possibly one of the worst updates ever.
Grace  Peace to all on this Monday!
Chile's winemaker Concha y Toro will invest 60 million into its own business during 2012, chairman Alfonso Larrain told reporters.
The elevator i'm in smells like an outhouse.
I bet the last guy farted...
thanks Lydia!
Great job tonight missy!
:
The Euro Crisis Has Entered A Dangerous New Phase via
Allergy and asthma medicines can be incredibly expensive.
TheOnlineAllergist offers you free money saving coupons on many prescription...
praying for a safe return.
Isn't it Ironic that on May 1, 1945 Adolf Hitler was confirmed dead and on May 1, 2011 Osama Bin Laden has been confirmed dead?
Removing you from my mind was easy but removing you from my heart is nearly impossible
Dance like the photo isn't being tagged, love like you've never been unfriended,  tweet like nobody is following.
I was just staring at the cover, hypnotized.
Beautiful.
Please don't make me cluck like a chicken.
Hope all of the mothers out there have a great Mother's Day!
Wishing u the best u happy new years and the rest f the year having fun and special things happening !!!!!!!1
Pretty accurate RT : If you looked up grinditout in the dictionary, there would be an entry about this HeatKnicks game.
what about bronzing?
I want to learn how to bronze everything
We just launched our 1881 Grille Facebook page!
Make sure you Like it so you can see our daily specials  give us feedback!
Lindsay Lohan still has teeth?!
what a morning; 1st a neighbors house was TP'ed then as I got on the Freeway a car was flipped on its side.
There were cops everywhere.
Hope you are having a successful week friends.
Thank you:
sure thing.
I dunno, but it will be glorious!!
Probably august sometime
Come see SP  of HungerGames party tmister after  honor at
Get your scramble on
TWO STORIES by Jack Sussek...coming soon.
Noir Manhattan at it's best...
Crisp, curt, to the point stories that slice you like a knife.
One thing I've learned in the past year is that, trust does not exist anymore.
Okay, thanks.
Real quick, do you know who cleared you guys off the subway?
And what happened to the woman?
First official shift at the library went well, all things considered.
Just about time to call it a night.
I hate liars
I accept that challenge.
Savings without danger or injustice I accept that challenge.
Sometimes people hop on bandwagons without knowing the doctorver or the destination.
Research is key.
And see, even the middle of this movie has its own act breaks.
There's enough here for at least 6 dumber action movies.
Yay I get 2mora off ...
U no wat that means...
Editing vids!!
...
Kinda anticlimactic 8
I am listening to Bright Lights by and I love this song more and more every time I hear it
congrats girl!!
Fuck you, bitch.
I'm down with the illuminati
Great lunch with Jonathan Franzen who is visiting TU: he 's great with students  even fielded Q about women's bball and title IX
I've never cried so hard
Am I the only one that hates when someone says I have to tell you some thing but imma tell you later?
Smh fucking retards
Yes you should.
Mies van der Rohe was wrong: More is more.
hey can u plzz tell me how to give bak wallpaper it will be really thank full for u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz tell me thnaks
hybrid is one way to describe it ;...
rebody vote for jaden for the 2011 teen choice awards okay vote for okay
and yet people will vote for either of them instead of Obama...
RT : Folks in AZ hit one of six Chili's in Mesa/Gilbert any Thurs.
in June  mention Play Ball'' and we'll get 10 of the bill!
I want it need it just gotta have it!!!
I followed you on instagram!
In San Francisco, you can have a hot job, a hot apartment and a hot lover but not all at the same time.
Tales of the City
I planned one at 11, but there's 30min break anyway
theres never too much coffee RT : thinking i might need to brew another pot of coffee
..can we just kiss?
Good morning everyone!
Today's project: creating exhibition labels by exporting AT data as DC, then .xls, then mail merge in Word.
Bryz is so bad
Chef Geoff Tyson's is located at the epicenter of fine shopping and business in northern Virginia
As DET broadcast team talking about how hard it is to hit HR off Fister, Babe Plouffe hits a nuclear shot to go back2back with Morneau
Try making weekly goals each Monday, when goals are short and measurable they can be much easier to stick to!
A very slow, not easily transmissible virus.
If you imagined the best and brightest version of yourself...
what would they do about a situation you've been stressing over?
que mystery
please meet , EL Queen of Social Media!
Over all I had a great time with my best friend ha we kept being retarded, and then Andoctora was scoring on me all morning lol
S/O to happy birthday babydoll!
I love you!
oh, I'm so jealous!
And that's not the only benefit, I guess.
Congratulations with the new job!!
He's not quite there yet, but Marcus Camby is running on the treadmill right now at Blazers practice facility.
A passion for both stories and gaming is another important asset
who else is failing that religion test tomorrow?!
cause everyone has jerrys peen so we all know what looks like!
Not able to reply to DM, you must follow me first : But the answer is yes please fill free!
Just had the worst snack of m'life: doctor oatmeal.
Comfort Suites Fishers is now on Twitter!!
Follow us to keep up to date on special events through out the city and any special promotions!!
Writing an article on what REALLY happens to your resume.
ha lol I know right I had one done yesterday
Glad that Romney is doing his part to make Mccain look bipartisan.
For those counting, I left around 7:30.
Taking out bathroom, gas and walk from parking spot to home...
4 hrs total
I love when I'm at a bar  the muted TV commercial edits match the random music playing
I MISS YOU TOO.
can we PLEASE hang out soon!?3333
Hint 2: Kobe went to Lower Marion, Tebow and JaVale went to...
I sleep too much!
lol but idk is something bothering you??
EVERYBODY STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GET A FREE FOLLOWER 
Thanks for the RT love!
vintage clothing sale going on at Boneshaker today!
Stop on by!
We're open until 8pm.
now that case is to cute!

Welcome Carol!
Thank you for following!
LUV your website!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
July 16th almost here the official release party!!!!!
Can't wait then Finally the tour starts Thank GOD I'm ready to hit da road.
PeopleIWantToMeet are , and
they are that's why I'm marrying Nathan cuz he good looking and funny he is everything lmao
Skrillex never ceases to stop my head from nodding when I put his music on.
Great stuff!
Even when I'm alone, and I make a shot into the garbage from 10 feet away I look around to see if anyone noticed.
I forget what was Haydens allience team called last year on
goodnight sausage links :D
sick, and performing in amcel this weekend...
VOICE!!
COME BACK!
Many thanks, that's the goal!
;
Romney asserts that alien brain eating bigots will vote for him, fiction that job killing is bad won't effect his prospects.
Thank you 4 the info!
Gr8 article w/quotes fr OWN's CEO!
: Did u happen 2 go 2 session?
Check out my short NFL picks video on www.thechiefsports.com Let's go: St.
Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers and San Francisco 49ers
yes.
Rad picture.
THANKS!!
i even figured out how to change header pics!
: i love yours too looks AWESOME.
go us!
agreed!!
Me as the smallest person still took the money out of my account!!
haha i know :
Hiya Sandiee  good morning : hugs
I have SO many different chapsticks....I don't think ill ever finish any of them
Thanks folks!
Hahaha, it's not a date it's just virtual meet.
hhahb
What does it mean when your marketing consultant tells you to get counseling??
Dude, you gotta go to
Ready for kickball season..
Whats your favorite thing to do at the beach Milwaukee?
Happy Holidaze: MOTHER PUCKER Day is any day life sux lemons  U have a lemoncello  a smile to make it better!
Lisa Morgan
Not sure if you remember us, we had a little 8 week fling, earlier, and I know we had a couple fights, a couple off weeks, but c'mon back!!
Good luck!
See you soon...
in a good way!
It's round two for me.
The program is fast, hard and intense and def kicks some butt!
Thank ya loves!
Also: how bout them 70 Packers!
This is such a great payback to all the diehard Packer Fans that have supported The Pack thru good  bad!
lmao that's gonna be hard !
But I'd love to go too !
: Cocaine Cowboys is the greatest documentary PERIOD.
KingofKong a close 2nd though
It's awesome!
I've been playing it all week :
Welcome to it, whitey.
Hate to admit, but always have been a fan of Cody Ross....
just call me Jay Bird caw, caw
love you Zach :
me too!3 we should convince him to have one:D
Two days left to save big on the Clear Admit Waitlist Guide!
Receive 15 off purchase of the Waitlist Guide and School Guide til 5pm on 3/12
is that why u were so determined they were gonna win???:
Any PERM Sr.
SQL Server Administrators out there looking for a new gig?!
heyy, follow back?
:
G.M.N.I.: Long day.
Could use a headoctorb.
But this pillow will suffice.
Locking the door without her noticing
It's rarely legal protests that change history, good on them.
I'm hoping to take off the last week of May.
Pick a day.
HAPPY GREEN DAY
Life Magnet: Negative repels, Positive attracts!
Use the Positive to attract the things you want out of Life!
Best album since DUSTBIN.
Listening to early blues and country music.
Rehab day 2
I LOVE MONDAYS.
I am a Crack Fox Behold My Power
Almost has been a full year since Einstein!
began writing This Night Will Never End would anyone be interested in hearing a new E.P?
Most eating places serve outlandish amounts and some still claim to be healthy.
Um...
Good questions that Q needs to answer.
O moves seemed to work.
Not D!
They're ALL gay!
You can tell because they're all smiling.
:D
lmfaoo known her houa ass she would pick u up from Canada lol
wow!
very sweet compliment  especially coming from you.
thank you so much.
gonna be out your way next month.
hope to catch up :
Keep it natural
St.
Paul street is full of people riding bikes that are far too small for them.
That, and crust punks.
i followed the account
We're with you on that one!
is following me..
Oh my god It is the best day of my life..
Love you guys!
Expect Tulloch to sign now with this cap space freed up RT : Calvin's extension saves Lions 9M in cap space according to sources
Good morning Detroit!
Yesterday we matched six lucky mentees with mentors that work for IAC.
That's how to
Please go Follow : Get her a lot of followers :D
Just heard thunder in da burgh...
dark at 3:30...
feeling lucky for such friendship Ayouy  TrueFriend !!!
All good things...
Aquire's annual conference WISDOM2012 ended today
Hi I love your new professorle!
stop on black friday and register too win and girft basket next audio dynamics farmington missouri
Thanks!
I'm happy with my Hurley for now.
Even took it to Europe and back last year!
FF Analysts/Friends I've worked with:
Made it to Denver!
RT : Its good to embrace your culture, one thing is I love unifest especially when my mom has a booth ONE LOVE!
three dope ass mixtapes doctorppin this year...
No Gimmikz Welcome Home and Behind the Make Up
finally ordered some boots.
hopefully they arrive before my trip......
Two days till opening....BEAU JEST Glendale Centre Theatre.
Please come see me.
Email me about tix
Jealous as fuck.
Haha.
Not fair..
I'm shuffling my cards, about to cut my queens...
Yea...
But I ain't the deala, house full of bitches like tila tequila
Im better than I thought I was
I also hear this will be a multimedia prsentation.
I thought Colton was amazing!
Silence is a cure for grief  an Arabic proverb.
Btw we don't say Chicagoland.
Love ya.
Im not a Facebook status....You Bitches dont have to like me...
The Palate Wrecker was just named a best beer of 2012 by Esquire Magazine!
Empire State of Mind by JayZ and Alicia Keys has been my guilty pleasure lately.
It's so darn catchy!
A week without class means lots of travel!
First Las Vegas, then Savannah.
Miss you already, Indianapolis!
RT : Somebody listed as an unemployed wizard gave 1,000 to Endorse Liberty, the proRon Paul SuperPAC, in February.
secondly, if that's the best you can do, I feel sorry for you.
Either way glad I'm in your head.
Your head.
I'm in it.
Thank you all so much for following!!
I feel so awful that i am stuck at this damn follow limit!!!
: givemeabreak twitter!!
lol you online
Neglecting animals is a crime, mister.
Doesn't the situation look like he's pauly shores little brother?
Guinness or whiskey should get you through the weekend.
But u did didn't u?
The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.
W.B.
Yeats
Wonderland is My new TV showyou'll luv it especially if you're into watching a piss poor Irish copy of making the band
What have you done for your career today?
I got an ungodly amount of sleep last night.
I also fell asleep during a movie, while trying to do a Twined Binding book model.
haha why can't there be people like you in this world !
4 BeastieBoys album titles are trending on It should be because of the RR HOF concert on TV tomorrow.
Sadly MCA is gone.

promised no rain on our parade today!
See you there.
I refuse to engage in watching Kendoctor's sex tape.
I refuse to support some jerk who's trying to make money off her.
just imagine a grown man throwing a tantrum while shoving fries in his mouth, or picture Mark Madden being Mark Madden
RT : C'mon iSay you Follow now!
Rape there follow button!
:
Wish I saw you.
I was picking up my lunch from David  Dad's.
Great post.
Innovation is key, no matter what age.
This shit scripted.
How you gain access to someone else room?!
always here brown toes.
well spank my ass and call me sharky, what's up to my Twitters out there.
:D
I'm at work I'm a call u n a second
aww well yeah you always stop :
: I'm seriously just gonna find myself a hot croatian guy and never come back  I swear, life goals.
Damn this girl that sit in front of me smell like raw fish !
Just added a 2pack Sampler of all flavors of Attractor Nutritional Suet to our website.
Give some a try at www.woodpeckerfeeder.com.
True High Fidelity fanatic RT : I copied all my favorite quotes into a Word doc.
we still want to have a 1000 followers by the end of the month!
HELP US!!!
welcome to Twitter ma..what do ya think?
awake and getting ready to get in my car!
KSLAM is going to trend this morning.
And it shall be awesome.
Great meeting you!
RT : Today IS Handel's birthday...Happy Birthday, Georg!
: let me know what you think, or if you get stuck..
will do, thx
I dig Phillips but he's got to change it up!
Good luck all!
Mercer has cancelled for tonight...see everyone at next Friday!
Way to many childoctorn's songs on Jack's pandora station make me teary.
I'm hearing ya let's go
10ThingsThatAreAttractive of course
Sunburned and loving it.
well worded jasmine lol!
It sucks!
That's brilliant!
Every since Steve Jobs died, a part of me just feels missing.
followd can I get a followback
What are the numbers on Stop and Search?
Listen and Download to our new track that just doctorpped!!
My head says who cares but my heart whispers u do stupid.
I was healthy all winter long all of a sudden we get a little sun and I'm so sick!!
Ugh
Never thought I would say this about a car but custom rims on a Rolls Royce actually look stupid
well said my man
Cub Swanson is callin you out on !
That would be an excellent fight!
Cannot wait to root for
you gotta follow the right people.
Positive words screw to the left, moving upward while negative words screw right, moving downwards:Screw Model of Semantic  Social nets.
My eyes look crazy!
She stabbed me....
With a pen
Late night munchies??
did u go to subway and order a sandwich and told them to just dump all the ingredients right in your shorts?
Playing Duo tonight with the spectacular at tonight at 8pm!
me too!
: thanks!
Not Irish...but celebrating still the same.
Hope you're well!
To excited to play golf tommorow
Messing with a bunch of girls is fuckedup.
Stick to one and you will atleast get one.
Working on some new designs...
Flyers, 2 websites, a mixtape cover and more!
MWWdesigns.com
Known as liquefied petroleum gas propane is a byproduct of natural gas  crude oil refining.
Used for cars!
Been a grouch all day this LA heat or I'm fed up.
GC seems prophetic in the podcast.
Don't forget: FREE breakfast week starts Monday!
Get the item of the day free with any purchase.
SexisBetterWhen after ya finish u leave her shakin
There's a Toad Suck near my mom in AR.
Thanks to all the FF mentions 
Thanks for the follow, Laura!!
great weekend locos until next time!
Cubanitas for a client lunch.
I thought today's NY Times crossword was above average, but maybe it's all in my head.
Night night :
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery is possible the weakest team out east
I'm giving side eye to both her and Cyrus.
: The first lady is someone to watch out for!!
SCANDAL
Can't stop listening..The Great Escape Artist...so, so good!
thank you!
What is up with the traffic in Bethesda ?!
Thank you so much for coming out to our happyhour tonight a  hope you had fun!
that NLRB memo suggests tip no.
9 is essential to creating your company's policy!
We would have a fine time living in the night, Left to blind destruction, Waiting for our sight.
I guess CL is signed up for a play.
you're not married?
:
recipe on bag of Nestle toll house chips is best!
Good smile!!
We both have what I call the juicy face!!
:
kids are out the door  on their way to school, and I am headed to church
snow in ct ff have a great
Thank you for reading my tweet...
I  U
I see.
Reporting my volcard stolen so I don't have to pay 35 dollars for it
Check out my new fan page on FB and LIKE IT Bloodworth Law Office
ALRIGHT IM BACK!
Lets get this show on the road shall we?
Thanks CSN for switching to the Bulls game SIX minutes in.
I really appreciate it.
Researching my latest article assignment  dog teeth problems.
Also trying to find time to work on some new sites.
KW research is a beast.
Hey Sorry!
I just saw this.
I'll call you.
I'm now being followed by ?
Must be another one of those spam accounts.
exploiting a meme to get people to buy pistachios...why not?
we almost have 700 fans!
i hope i dont.
its just this guy.
hah...
:/
Lets go baby.....Welcome to the flock!
Congrats and Welcome Home!
Ready to shove some meat in my mouth
Congrats to Anne on finding her bridal gown at Miss Ruby today.
What a beautiful bride she will be!!
I want more Instagram followers!
:
Just saw Chumlee now at the concert
Saw your story on WA state printing/contracting.
Crucial questions not asked: What would the state save?
Why print at all?
Summer Hits of the 90s on Pandora, perfect for those kids who grew up in the 90s
It's finally Friday
Cant wait for Valentines Day :
Feel like shit...
Time to sleep it off
1704British sea dog Adm Rourke  Sir Cloudsley Shovel captainre Gibraltar from Spain.
Britain still owns it today, which really annoys Spain
I'll consider staying only if I can get charges reversed immediately.
I'm not saying I'm jealous but....I AM JEALOUS!
RT : Assisting with a glamor magazine shoot all day yeahyeahyeah
Also, I really wish delivered.
I only want real Mexican food, qdoba is for when I'm hammered!
Hey long time No Chat how it going?
Cal Ripken throwing out the first pitch at the MLB home run derby
Joey!
I'm interested in booking you for a show that gets aired on Comcast.
I'll email your management.
The desire for a knight in shining armor is the most seductive weakness of all..
's video looks amazing...
and it's all shot with 5d mark II!
Yeah technology!
That's what we call teaching with technology.
Who wants to be my 2,000th follower?
Stuck at 1,999 as we speak....
Expect the best.
Prepare for the worst.
Capitalize on what comes.
Zig Ziglar
Hank Phillipi Ryan at MWA U tells class listen to criticism separate out the personal
Dirty whore alert!
you're a roulette baller
I can't believe you guys hadn't met yet!
LOL sounds good to me!
that's actually pretty cute.
: April 12th is National Grilled Cheese Day
oh wow!
I remember when u were pregnant w/them!!
Congrats!!!
XOXO
every story has a beginning, a middle and end.
I'm stuck on chapter one..
Sources: Arizona State to dismiss head coach Dennis Erickson after 66 season
Soccer ...
how is it a sport it doesn't make sence
Brad Davis!
Nice goal, but whatever.
I just love you my cute little Jessy
Hey Danielle, follow us and I'll DM you the invite right away.
Just sent his :
ok i did tell danni she my gf
I Cant Sleep I Dont trust Shit Money Money
how about a shout out to Darko Taco in Indiana but originally from Spanish Harlem 102nd st Lexington Ave.
Hey where's the best place to buy a Deuce Brand watch in San Diego.
If beauty is found in the youth why are pimples so ugly?
yup yup
Great news for you and  congratulations
I had K to giveaway.
No idea what they do, but thought it would be nice.
We can't go tonight.
I am 2 sick.
Damn that's a long doctorve.
My Yiayias yells at me to eat while I'm eating, doesn't know what the internet or txting is, and cant speak English, but I love her anyways!
Following and followed by 3000 wonderful people.
Thanks all for helping me reach another milestone.
On to 4000!
I like it RT : its official....
I need to buy a teamJohnny tshirt.
I of course, am on
Could've done way better at Tryouts but w.e I tried.
It is what it is :/
john stratton, YOU are so refreshing
Honestly, I would read a book that's all pontificating and sighing!
But the PS genre probably doesn't get much shelf placement.
It's oatmeal and raisins for J and I.
What was your breakfast??
Omg yes u need to!!!
Big thanks to everyone who supported our Kickstarter!
See you at the show on June 10th.
I hear some1 is playing RascalFlatts out on the Parkin lot, and I LOVE IT :D
HappyBirthdayHermione Thanks for always being so brilliant  don't know what Harry, Ron and the rest of us would do without you!
: Ready to book my flight to Miami..
Holla at me.
Ya damn right that's the place to be lol
what is that photo of?
and are you following me on twitter I am at fancienanc
Feeling really under the weather this close to graduation
Skills are the currency of the new millennium
EVERYONE FOLLOW HELP HER GET TO 100 FOLLOWERS LIKE Y'ALL HELPED ME!!
THANKS33
Look for ProLogic 8 recording software Quick Start Manual.
Any help out there?
they keep hitting each other with pitches and the Nats stole home all in the first inning.
Party for ever

Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
John F.
Kennedy
GGC is now hiring dancers!
That's cute.
I used to love idol but TheVoice is a lot more fun.
Plus there are fewer doctormatic pauses.
Wtf.
Random hamstring charley horse at my desk.
So much work, so little time.
Time flies when you're not having fun.
Thank you to for the follow!
We really enjoy your updates on staffing HR and
From one Kalish to another...wishing you a speedy recovery!
It's really a matter of the powerful RINOs not letting them accomplish anything unless they toe the line.
Thankful I Got The Team Around Me That I Do.
I Know Im in Good Company Cuz it Takes A Strong Team 2 Be Successful in The Music Business....
My thermos is too good at what it does  I am still burning my tongue, hours after the tea was made.
My first sales mgr was Direct  Funny.
The way I stand up for my clients  He stood up for our team!
Good idea.
We do preshow and lobby headshot/bios.
What about credits running, video screen on stage?
Would really love to start writing some songs with more piano but it's tough not having one  virtual grand is kinda poopy  maybe a plugin
I'm ready to sweat!
I TRX
everyone im 's real dog.
all others are posers of me!!
way too much blue
Eat me like one of your French fries...
She just head butted that beach boy!
I ain't got shit to prove to you niggas

ah that's how i'm feeling at this moment....sigh
Congratulations on your goldenglobes award for the Help WELL DESERVING!
too funny
God is so awesome.
I slept right thru that turbulence.
One more flight.
God got me : safe travels everyone.
God bless u
Glad to be off of work.
Exhausted and hungry .
RT : The bottom line for an NSF CAREER proposal: is that person going to be the future goto person in that specific area
Politics is game of spoken not written English.
Sound knowledgeable and connect to people.
Story and good/bad guys.
Rosenberg
I'm not crazy.
Everyone has that one person that just makes their skin crawl.!
Lol
going to the studio today to record song with b.o.b!!
check my space for new song..
Spurs vs Jazz if the jazz keeps the tempo up they can win
We can safely announce that Jared Forest has won our Brackets Challenge and will be the recepiant of a Power Play Show Hat!!!!
whos that i saw her on yahoo but idk who she is!
Go follow for amazing quotes :D
YouMightBeAStonerIf you can hear colors and see unicorns.
where are they sleeping at.
I just don't know where at.
hopefully not in my house.
I'm hungry!
Thanks for da love!
:
Hello!
Are you joining us at CLbrT2012?
I'm not used to this, not stuck up but it happens like everyday.
I guess it's ugly duckling syndoctorme lol
Tebow's locker, for those wondering: between Royce Adams' and Josh Baker's  about 25 feet from Sanchez's.
Can't wait to see you all tonight at !!
Joining us during Denver Restaurant Half Month for Alligator Baby Back Ribs, Escargot Pot Pie or Fried Frog Leg Mac n Cheese?!
No doubt the red hair helps!
i would love to be your friend
yea I'm defense gone do something
lol!
Glad u knew what I was trying to say :
well i just got a call my sister is in surgery but that means she has a chance so i am happy
we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on Feb 8th at mohawk place in buffalo,ny !!!!
amazing
well i failed twice hows that all i care about is food and i got kicked out of a school for a fight that wasnt my fault :/
thanks to you too!
That was a lot o dishes.
Pulling myself together, work was tough.
Dang Russ is killing
Potatoes in any form are gods gift to earth.

indeed  why didn't he give the initial speech?
Would have been SO much better
i luv this saying...
it makes me feel really smart
I am behind the basket.
Five rows off court and it is another basketball court to the actual court
LOL Yes, or that :
Watching Baby Boy :
Independent Music by artists in the genres of Hiphop, Reggae, Soul, Pop/Rock and Spoken Word!
All at IVCTV.NET
The new TNT format for the NCAA tourney games is a joke!
We want 2 see games not studio analysis blabber!
Paul Round named outstanding student at
Can someone please put the mangy dog roaming around campus out of our misery?
Anyone?
Please?
comments are sometimes better than the actual story
Just ate a taco 12 pack in 5 minutes!
Thanl you fellas!
Thanks John!
: I had to follow the best coffee in the city
Let's discuss affiliate and internet marketing!
RT : S/o 2 my new follower is now following!!
SO to Euro Training Boi!
Haa
Im never on here like that anymore....hm...dont know why though....oh well...
SET THE MUSIC FREE!:
I'm mostly ccss literacy across the districtwork w ELA, science, social studies and CTE mostly k12.
Looking for people who care?
Try
Watching nightmare on elm street...
randomashell...
idk if I can't take these terrible graphics much longer..
blunt blowing
If your organization is in need of a way to accept payments/donations, we would be happy to talk with you!
linkeddata used by NY Times to provide context of terms described in Times articles.
You get what you give
I'm not anymore!
Thanks!
: haha
Even though the road is paved I still chose to walk by faith, never by sight.
Based on the RTs, someone unfollowed for being to liberal.
I would happily take their place if I were not blocked.
:'
Samijean Valverde: Truth is: If you hang around the ill for very long,, you will become one!
Didn't end up going...
Little guy has allergies we found out!
the places I suggested are Uptown 2 miles from Convention Center, 2 miles from Anvil
Big nap guy, lol!
aww, you're too kind.
Love you!!
I am amazed at how long a person can talk without stopping.
This woman has not paused for 26 minutes.
Her poor friends.
people aren't good at making decisions.
Day 6 or did you have wine last night  didnt want to tweet about it?
we got one life, oh yeah let me waste it on worshipping a mythical character and hope for a happy ending :
u went with karen i waz gunna go but then u walked ovr to her so i stayed is dat y mireya is mad at me to .
Headed Back to FutureMed Today to Demo Zipongo and celebrate a great week!
See ya there?
lol.
Cute little girl you've got.
Hoping she gets all her mommas looks...
Morgan Keith and I got tickets on stubhub.
needs to stop with all this Tebow talk...STFU already!!!!
On my friends iPod during class
Whose political policies will best lead the nation in the right direction?
Obama or Romney?
Waiting in line to watch AVENGERS
will do :
sorry for the delay...
best strategy for craps is pass line with free odds.
Bet and wait.
It's that simple
WIN A PRIZE by tweeting suggestions on how we can improve GISITR or email them to
Prius commercial, terrible.
Wheat Thins commercial, meh.
Cadbury Eggs commercial from 1987  priceless.
FrozenPlanet is my Super Bowl.
IfSheCant keep a steady income  u ending up broke will be the outcome
Ha!
It's so appropriate.
lol!
I try to make a point of taking one.
Although the choices make it hard!
educause10 Hamel: the web dematerializes, disintegrates, disintermediates, and democratizes.
How to best use these forces for Higher Ed?
Such a great day...baby news and suprise visitors!
May 15 see Chris Williams perform songs from his soon to be released new album at Steamers Jazz in Fullerton
dude i love your videos on youtube
looking for a PMP Sr PM for a global retail client near MKE, ITIL and BMC Remedy experience preferred
balls...already had plans made for after work...if you're around tomorrow, I could do a later run after vb.
Mom and Dad, but thank you, haha.
My heart says no but my head says stay.
You concerned about a guy that don't even pay you no mind.
I need a run to clear my mind from this numbing critique!
I don't like being a hater.
Made my day!
RT no haircut can ruin that super star face
atlas.ti nothing good for Mac as far as I know
Don't they have Bieber?
One's heart is a garden from which a pure spirit grows when love is cultivated.
Backstory: Rice students are designing puzzle feeders for Oragutans at the Houaton Zoo.
UD is above 87, not a good sign.
Anyone know where I can get my typing certified in San Francisco?
Also, how to resist saying 'certified' in a goofy voice?
we're happy u follow us.
We follow you too!
It's a love fest!
n I'm thru playing da mention game .
Dm me .
Why do I need r u need 1000 people in our mix .
Troof
Thank you Enterprise!
That's right ;
he did okay, no run support.
Where was the hook yesterday when Kuroda kept giving up Runs?
when you don't have that many followers you can't afford to not follow back...heads up I'm bout to unfollow some more ppl
Tha name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe.
Proverbs 18:10
Killer whales are beautiful
We are at the library finishing our resume's
YouNeedToRealize that's your in the freakin 8th grade not 4th seriously grow up stop all the doctorma
I want to thank  for donating items to fundoctoriser
There's a silver lining, though: you have agreedupon ends.
How rare in a modern English dept!
this sounds like a good plan!
: Omg who me I'm a Sissyboy hehehe well if the shoe fits my nigga.
You know it baby!
: lives for primo.
Mayj.
taking note of that...
How was dinner with your parents in Plano?
The only way 2 measure my game is 2 get on court  play.
Unleash
You ought to know...
CanIJustTellYouThat we love how much you listen to us :
I'm really starting to LOVE Instagram
I declare saturday MILF day!
Time to party!
Cleo and Mika are black showoff brainiac cats.
....he didn't look nearly as fast or shifty as u were in college.
Runnin behind Bama's OL will make any RB look good.
Muses krewe rolls tonight.
Maybe the last night parade with great weather according to forecast.
DUKES of dixieland on Natchez Sat, Sun, Mon
Can you spread the word or us?
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing on 9/11?
Proceeds go to charity.
Recognize my life.
Ridicule my fight...
That said, the NHL playoffs are exciting even without my team.
i'll be pulling for and his Senators on Thursday
I have no idea what that is.
:
GO DODGERS!
Always remember, others may hate you.
But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them.
And then you destroy yourself.
Richard M.
Nixon
Yeah congratulations
Always.
I hate the phone.
A young David Mamet worked as a waiter at Second City in Chicago.
Think he got good tips?
Everyone at work thinks we're dating, we act like we should be dating....
NW Off their Rockers
hair chalking
Happy hour downtown tonight with my former roomie!
Where to go...where to go...!?
nixes Keystone Pipeline.
Thanks for the ammo...
Merry Christmas to you too!
Unbelievable Cardinals  Rays.
A historic 2fer!
R.I.P Whitney Houston 3
Agree3: It hasalwaysbeenmydoctoram to be happy.
Nothing more nothing less.
I just want to grow old, look back on my life; and smile
8 and 9 hitters, Andino and Bell just doctorve in 4 runs in top of the 7th.
Andino jumped on first pitch, and Bell battled back from down 02
My goal for this summer is to go to all the shows I can I'm having withdoctorwals..
Excited for the show with
Watching the UW Baylor game w/the I'm really hoping is giving hell right now.
Huskies!
now following  :
Not a surprise congrats Adele on record of the year
RT Don't mess with Texas.
How do you mess with a state?
Turn all the road signs upside down?
Hide Arkansas?
jajajajaja!
I'm excited about Saturday night at gallery.
Soon, there will be nobody left but marketing people, on Twitter, all pointlessly marketing to each other..
I am sorry to reply, no.
I am so bummed, because I would love to meet you, Jen!
.
Didn't even see Camille's, but seemed Starbucks  Quizno's was all that was open.
How hard is it to f' up an egg sandwich?
damn, did Forsyth not come through?
I thought I saw them on the list earlier
RT : Well has nice taste In submissions!
I'm fine baby; and u?
just be happy that you're not one of the class acts walking to the blarney stone with their child in a stroller.
agree.
I remember when it was new.
Come on NBC on Monday nights.
My hair is black again.
Hml
Football practice was nice today.
Go Raiders.
Pretty much all there is to interview w Clay.
I'd recommend no one listen to it.
Same message from DD as presser.
No reason to click
Go Iggie go go go go, let rip :
yes, please!
Bad news.My cousin crashed his moms car.he's fine but hes freakin out cuz he hasnt told her yet.shes gona b pissed off big time
Eating sushi!yum
Katy Kelly Melonhead Party for June 20 has been cancelled.
Watch this space for new information.
I lit a candle in hopes of not breaking the screen on my phone like last Fiesta.
That is a great story!
Thanks for passing it along.
3WordsOfAdvice Do.
Not.
Procrastinate.
Vikings score a TD lions down by 12
we were busy, chasing kids, changing diapers, and playing air hocky
A Bacon's History of The United States of America
It's called Be The Ladder, which philosophizes my saying...Don't climb the ladder...BE THE LADDER
Eid Mubarak to all my Muslim Brothers and Sisters!
I'm here for the party and ain't leaving till you kick me out.
What'd you think?
So instead of studying for my AP geo exam, I bought a new sweatshirt and went to the water polo game.
Are there any sane creatures roaming the earth tonite...?
Jesus I am the light of the world.
Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:12
love you3
Glad I could spare your life, deer, but my flat tire needs replacin and I know you ain't putting up the cash.
Looking for a new theme for the Rose Quarter Blog...
Any favorite Wordpress Themes?
wat up Joe where u at put some in me
decent win tonight playing 55 PLO
The biggest mistake you can make in life is to be continually afraid of making one.
Looked for synonyms for visual communicator and found this gem, an Optical Dispatch Virtuoso lol
hello, is it me you're looking for?
Good Luck!
RT : Amelia County basketball in State Group finals!
This is big for our county!
Just west of
News flash  : If you use the same color towel everyday, there's no confusion on which is which.
Thinking about donating my books to the local library.
Is this cynical selfpromotion or a good idea or both?
SO FUN getting to see you guys on the big screen and with an audience.
We loved it!
The audience was crackin!
He'll be in LA doing Red this summer.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card young teams need to get Kevin love some help
Cool.
Did they own it at the time he went across or later?
fuck that!...working hard for success...what a lame idea.
If you are in LA please come and join me on Mother's Day at The Talking Stick in Venice Beach as I will be performing a small acoustic set
damn depressing.
HEY!
WHO YOU TALKIN TO??
Kevin Hart ahahahaahah
smh at the shit we talk about at work.
I'm still Trippin lmfao!
Giving doctorgon Naturally Speaking software a try.
It could definitely make comment writing easier.
Any
go follow i follow back just tweet me
Hey it's a wonderful Friday night, do you have any plans?
Long walk, glass of wine, new pair of shoes?
thanks for the retweet my man!
Mordheim tonight!
Hope to see you there for some good Warhammer Skirmish action!!
wrong yes, but he had lost the team already and had been backstabbed so what was there to lose?
There is real magic in enthusiasm.
It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
N.
V.
Peale
i would have recommended just that: leave recycling on the doctorp off centers doorstep, then called 311 to come pick it up
so im trying to start a hanging with friends game with you but it said you already have too many games..
hahaha
Testing Text to twitter
this fucking night
I don't know why Savannah make some of the faces she make.
OO
RT : Retweet this if you want a powershell certification!
,, ,
Thanks for making it over to our office last night.
Hope to see you next week for the postponed UX  Beer  Code event!
This is either going to end awesome or really badly
that's all Brand can do now and its about time Rip does something, I've been waiting all year for him to produce
tell me ASAP im having a party thursday comecomecome and if you come friday you gotta be here thursday :
Soldier x Eminem
I wish TomJahnke was trending all over 's butt
We have a new server ready  vpnsv3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco .
It's available in your customer area now.
Ok cool...Any help I can lend lemme know.
Biz is good, need more hours in a day.
lol..
We give 100 Gift cards to realtors who recommend our services!
aw thanks;
Still can't believe we set off the fire alarm during that crazy set for FoCoMx.
Awesome.
Shoutout to Common Anomoly for being awesome.
Thank you to all of our guest speakers for visiting the summer program today.
We were inspired!
Its whatever
u went to Turner didnt u?
just a doctoram, lol  I seriously was like I've never partied with karen the fuck is she talking about aha
I wonder what size shoes jesus wore.
Live tweeting from the Seattle CDC meeting on recommending meningococcal vaccine for infants
phrase for the day is: turn up!
You BAD young woman!
:
hey selly 3 i am real jasmine and you ?
Start of February the right way with 99Cent Ground Beef  Chicken Fajita Tacos from 6close MondayFriday this week!
FACT: 20 of the world's population consumes 80 of the world's resources.
The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2012 eliminated subsidies during grace periods on undergraduate Subsidized loans.
If you have any problems when checking out on our FACEBOOK store, please just email or leave a message on here!
XOXO
ha!
brain doctor says my brain is normal.
so there!
Hello back.
Yes, it's on.
Yes, there are some humans out here.
Join me at Books on the Bayou at the Kemah Boardwalk where I'll be signing Less Dead and Lost Witness.
meet me !
Thanks for the laugh!!
It's been a hectic day on the farm!!
and me too!
7up I touched her thumb and she knew it was me
My weekend will consist of writing, music  Netflix all so that my next weekend will consist of fun times with
Just finished a GREAT photoshoot!!!
Can't wait for the finished products!!!
I'll still see it.
How do you feel about Nicole as Gelhorn?
awesome!
thanks so much!
no the currentevent and the regular one!
: Today is your day, your mountain is waiting, so get on your way.
doctorSeuss Go Jamie!!!
Congrats to the LBSU seniors who fought so hard.
Congrats on great careers.
We at the BigWest appreciate everything you've given.
Watching the game and singing TA chants at home.
Social media is not a megaphone.
Step down off your pedestal and INTERACT
teach me xD
tx.
Keeping a smile  cheering 4 our team thru some very slow line changes and resulting goals for the ducks.
Let's go
Custom Valentine's Day Printed Gifts available at NYC Printing 123.
Find the perfect Valentine's Day gift for your special one.
Call for...
unedited teats on Titter.
Q7: I don't think so.
You know it's either an off day or a really good day if I'm wearing jeans!
today is one of those days :
We ain't been home since we was snatched from the Congo
oh damn that could be the move
Thoughts go out to the recent passing of Robert Sherman of the Sherman Brothers.
His contribution to the music world is incredible.
Have you tried cognitive behavior therapy for ADHD/ADD?
Was it beneficial?
Please share your experiences!
Hope our fans who celebrated it had a great Easter weekend, and those who didn't enjoyed the beautiful sunshine!
it's been on my dvr but haven't caught up.
these two guys are terrible.
wtf
Disheartened by maternity policies in U.S.
3 mos isn't enough to bond w/baby  physically/emotionally recover from pregnancy!
can u send me that pic plz
love how close I live to tanger..just left  can still hear singing :
aww we ain't even got to catch each other, I'll come to where you at!
Lol 
Oil prices doctorpped to new a LOW for the year 1.75 to 94.38 barrel!
In London, Brent crude was down 1.61  110.65barrel!
Really don't wanna study for this test
Mark Wahlberg probably wouldve stopped 9/11, but he didnt stop The Happening from being made.
How about calling areal pizza place?
Their crap pizza is a worse offense than the phone ad ;
You Da One
how nice for you.
A doctornk just screamed at us, you don't know me!
DOGS!!!
nice shoes...gotta love a good bromance especially when it involves a Breakfast Buzz
I started at the NYO last month and have been working remotelyI'll keep doing that 'til I get to NYC in May :
Ended this busy day with a trip to ihop with the bestie.
Entering notes into KutubTimeTables around 2000 BC.
A lot on Egypt; Rise of the Middle Kingdom from Thebes, a Renaissance of sorts
I'm glad you made it home safely 3
in the fall.
Maybe we should watch it together.
haha, austin is always waking up at 1 pm :D
I woke up today by my bro yelling nick is here.
I was half asleep so I believed him and woke up.
ugh GoAway ;
Amen: Jour professor need to intersect conversations about ethics with the way students are actually using media.
Great stuff, Frank, can't wait!
Fingerprints like an album!
Every record that you do man, is so different in every way.
Jerry Cantrell
That's so great.
I hope I can do that some day.
How did you get started?
Me too!
RT : As will I.
RT : I'll be there.
RT : any of you mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for aam2012?
Good news: 614 ties for worst start in Angels history.
Why good?
They were 614 in 2002.
Welcome to Our New UNYG Blog!
http:www.unyg.com/blog/  Upstate New York Genealogy
SUCK IT.
AND OF COURSE, THE HEART OF THE ORDER WAS UP LAST INNING
You must mean Antarctica
If torn ACL is the end for him, it has been one hell of a career.
Itd be a shame for it to end this way, but he is a
Biggest party of the year
Fat Girls in bellytops look like beermugs foaming over..LMFAO
That's continuously taking away a child's bottle and then blaming the child for being malnourished.
That's ridiculous.
Thank you!
Join FriendsofTheFoundation, give to philanthropy and meet Jeff Moorad at our next event.
for details.
Dave goes ya feeling lucky?
I said Im gonna take Prilosec AND Pepcid when I get home.
Not waiting for bedtime.
im so fricken annoyed now.
I knew I'd hear Prince before too long in this town.
Who knew the first time would be in a Jimmy Johns??
Thanks, you too!
I thought it was supposed to rain in Nashville today what happened?
Today I locked up my 120 bike with my 120 lock.
MLINY.
Most awesome news!
See you in March for EdCampSS wickedexcited for you!
I don't believe you.
I wot believe you.
I still remember the first time I saw Willie Bloomquist.
They say he's white too.
Lies
Today has been wonderful....We all deserve happiness : 
omg that video was flawless tweettweetlikeabird ;
This is turning out to be a pretty interesting day.
haha nope!
I'll probably fall asleep in a little bit though, have to wake up early : you go to sleep!!!
If you have to ask where the funding for your project will come from, you're in the wrong person's office.
Four wines, four tunes pairing
probably not.
I'm all about the bag
Chances are good we won't be buying a house this time next year.
:
She probably won't see any of these.
Roundtables as incubators for leadership.
Where I be this Friday morn
Thanks for the RT!
Hey Cuzo!
Trying this Twitter thing...coming up in the world!
if thers a questions i have to ask.i make it happin capain.
It's sorta embarrassing that and I are wearing the same outfit...
I work w/captainoners.
On staff at Nice work w/Dine and Sign!
BEFORE YOU COULD CHANGE THE WORLD YOU GOTTA CHANGE THE WORLD AROUND YOU FIRSTYOUNG.S KEEP IT REAL AND POSITIVE
hitting this Muncie bowling alley winning!
Fox, you gotta remember yr 16 is truly yr 17 for Kobe with all the playoff games he's played.
Thanks for coming all the way up to the back of the room to say hello!
thanks bud I miss you man nohomo but what you doing today?
Inbox 5.
I haven't been this close to 0 for about nine months.
Completely unrelated: I took over as dept.
chair in January, nine months ago.
I want a baby
Let's go
That is the beauty of Twitter...
Excellent Padawan.
Now can you explain why that amazing fucking movie isn't available to buy?
i'll subtweet about you if i want to!!!
Gerbil Garbage 2012.
This ain't your momma's grungecore psychedelic jazz infusion bluegrass band!
Perfect time to become a creator Me, I'm part of the 90 on the 9091 rule.
: I didn't know Soffe shorts were still a thing...
TSM
Those freaky and faithful relationship that everybody wants.
Great Day.
Spring Practice 1 at 7am, Watched and commented on film after practice on Sent notes to players.
Ready for practice 2!
Just got the benefits, investments  IRA talk from my parents.
Sheesh, nothing like planning for the future!
YOU NIGGAS ARE PLAYING A PRANK.
I AINT HEARD THE SONG YET.
SOMEBODY SEND ME A FUCKIN LINK IF ITS NOT A PRANK
it's Called St.Pabst Day!!!
I love it when new people play Frisbee.
But if you're a guy and you only throw to guys, I'm going to be mean.
Like a moth to a flame...
we should crowd source a recipe book and call it Tastes Like Childhood.
We'll let him know!
Hey sagrads  Join us for a reception for you at NASPA12 on Tues  3:15PM.
Im going to start sweating glitter soon...
All this prep for 7 minutes on a stage...
What's next?
Teeth bleaching  eyelash extensions!
Cato's crowd  Thanks for tonight's warm reception for all of us, from all of us.
Don Cornelius, Etta James, Whitney Houston...agreed?
My house is like zero Kelvin right now.
Well, I started with a marketinglike statement about the liberal arts, and have quickly realized that's bad.
Had a cold Anchor Steam in San Fran...
they know how to pour 'em.
RT Get outside and enjoy this weather!
Now I remember why I went back to school!
To write poetry when I should be writing essays!
show us from that Coca Cola commercial!
Birds have gizzards which use muscles and small stones they eat to grind their food up.
Cudahy car off cliff.
Requesting boat.
Me and probably need professorssional help...:/
Please please follow me :o
I asked Harrington if he has a twitter account.
His response: I barely text, if you want to talk to a man...you call him
Safe travels my dear!
We ignore the ones who adore us, adore the ones who ignore us, love the ones who hurt us, and hurt the ones that love us.
Man, I'm so sick I got ambulances pullin' me over  shit.
Can't wait
Short answer, yes.
iPhone 4S w/ 5.1 or greater will show 4G.
But it's not really 4G LTE.
ATT says that their HSPA matches 4G.
Join us at frogtownarts.com for our official launch party!
9/24 2900 Denby 90031..Stick around and check out some local arts
Being fat is like a trophy for all of the awesome food you've eaten!
Fasho bro we gone make it happen
on top of the victims where you raided a village?
Aaahhh...that felt so good...my only day off this week  I actually slept till 12:00!!
Must have been really tired...feel much better now!
Of course not!
I love the scope of the book  the way it moves between personal  globalit helped me finish my book.
If your one and only purpose in life is to continuously Tweet/RT Justin Bieber and/or One Direction, don't expect me to keep following you.
Goodnight Twitter....Lots Of Love 3
is following me omg :D
Yes I can c u staring at me through ur mirrors.
Just walking through Whole Foods makes me feel healthier.
Mark your calendars MKE is coming to town Nov.
30.
You do not want to miss this show.
Funny!
Springsteen asked New Orleans jazzfest2012 to please make room for us on bill!
I'm doing some research around what ad agencies seek in recent college grads.
Can you help?
i know, it's so silly.
And they did not invent the concept of stories on the radio!
Nor subway the sub sandwich.
did i win?
RT Great sign on a church: Honk if you love Jesus.
Text while doctorving if you want to meet Him.
...
My mom frequently confuses email protocol with SMS protocol and 1960s shorthand protocol.
I always wind up confused after her emails.
It's 2:01am and I'm on Pinterest.
Ohmygosh, this is turning into a problem.
gramatically, I think hyphenation is generally used for adjectives, so either dep'g on use
blended learning, mobility, and analytics, while taught separately, need to be considered a system.
YES!
How in the world do you criminalize a miscarriage???
What foolishness is this?!
has improved any in Marvel?
;
Big 2nd half for the Bears!!!
Let's do this!
WE WERE SO CLOSE
woah!!!
Sneak picture attack!!!
I'll miss you greatly, Vanessa.
I really will.
There's so much weird shit in this city and it can all be found doctorving from east to west LA down Santa monica blvd at 4 am
deleting all contacts thinking about getting a new number .
WOW!
I'll have to check it out!
u know u care and am a factor, that's y u responded back to the comment
I'm so worn out from dance practice.
Omg.
It was intense, yet fun.
Second to last day of school!
woop woop!
:p
My grind never stops...not until I'm off this earth
are my tweets invisible to you ?
:c
Bitch don't spam me again...as if anyone is really reading this.
are you playing tomorrow night?
Might be in the neighborhood
lets all get up and dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born
Wishing all of you a Happy and joyful Thanksgiving!
RT : lpco12 Humbled to receive special certificate of appreciation and recognition from and Howard Stevenson
Merry Christmas to the world!!
Happy Birthday to my friend, Christy Claxton!!
a great mantra from Barbara Brennan: I am safe.
I am goodness.
i feel so much better today
RoyalRumble John Cena Is The Hulk Hogan of our age .....
Im sure 90 of your followers dont give a fuck on how much you love your mom today.
Lol
There's no coffee in the kitchen...I guess Mt.
Dew it is!
Thats the best any parent can do.
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me?
or is it always gonna be a doctoram.
follow me3 4
Tired.....
Tuesday's are long days!!!
R.I.P Whitney !!
it's either that or viruses
Yes, you will, girl.
Time heals all pain!
: RT : never gonna get over it
thank you so much!
not such a good weekend :/
Thanks for the gift of your time and the book recommendation today, Sam.
I really appreciate your friendship and mentoring!
hi Tea!
RT RT  first 10 win set of tix!
Don't be the only clown not going downtown for the HOTTEST ChaChaNYE party is gonna be EPIC!!!
Watermelon sounds very refreshing!
And since it is National Watermelon Day it seems especially appropriate!
Yumm!
People lik 2 define u, so they can confine u!
I missed the Danica Hornish event.
Dang Kentucky Debry
Now tell me again why SwampPeople is on the HistoryChannel?
Go places you have not gone.
Do things you have not done.
Challenge yourself.
Expand your mind.
Mil also cares about climate change  negative impacts increase demands
About to party with , josh, whitney, and 5 others lol
Thanks for the follow!
Your blog is cool.
poppinoff...best party on a Thursday night...period!!
ill help ya!
You need to get on linkedin too....that's a great professorssional networking site.
Name the greatest of all inventors.
Accident.Mark Twain
This day goes to eleven.
there is a story behind jake walk.
: Loved the show on Tuesday!
Thanks!!!
Happy times Happy nights Happy days are here again.
Coffee, half and half milk, its cold as hell
We are in favor of tolerance, but it is a very difficult thing to tolerate the intolerant and impossible to tolerate the intoler
IAlwaysWonderIf I will ever have a girlfriend that I can tell I love her and mean it?
publix cookies sounds too good right now
If you love me tweet me a number.
lol why thank you : and I'm sorry for fighting with you the first time I talk to you haha ;
My boyfriend is gonna buy me a microwave cause I'm too poor to buy my own.
Yay!!!
Corgi spirit at least!!!
What a cool little cow dog!
filming tomorrow!
my first paid web series!!!
Yay!
you'll be missed.
JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY
Interview..
Got the call saying I got the job before I pulled into my garage.
Masters, opening day, rangers lineup
How can Daniel Bard pitch 5 innings against KC and not strikeout even 1 batter.
Has he turned into Jaime Moyer?
I think its important to stand up for what you believe in and to speak your mind, especially as a women!
Thanks Hun!!!
RT : oh yea that do was pretty fly, I kno u rockin it well
boo !
lol what are you doing ?
Thanks Jason!
Sorry, this tweekdeck is not updateding my new mentions fast enough.
oh my goodness I know!
How are you hun?
I don't care if you're a gangster, pull your pants up!
memories...if only i could remember them all!
Call 18003903065 and use promo code 29055 to get additional discounts w/Directv.
Thanks and enjoy!
My Last Fab song so dont hate
FF if you want to someone to pretend they no habla ingles
Lets go Pack!
Run that ball and that clock down!
!
RT: Yes, I still work for NESN and I will be covering the RedSox announcement tomorrow.
Hope everybody had a safe and enjoyable Independence Day.
Did you cook up something tasty?
Let us know...share a recipe if you want...
Watching FindingBigfoot with Scott in our GoneSquatchin shirts!
lol naw i wanna know now u already said it lol
Fear is just an illusion.
Worst case scenario, you try  it doesn't work out.
Well, try again with a different approach  things may change
always staring at the screen but just at least having the webcam going all the time
If someone is going to sit  not play, why worry about developing him?
Instead, have a backup that is impossible to prep for
gets a shout out from JG.
nice work Data Officer
Just finished dinner  my grandparents, Grandma's food was delicious.
She made homemade fish, fries, grandpa's famous mixed greens
T : Love real ass people.
hey...
How u doin
im bringing yalll gatorade thursday .: cause i gotta by the ingridents.!:
Choosing a favorite appetizer is like choosing which parent to live with...only tastier
LISTING TO FRIDAY BY BOB DYLAN
where are you?
rt with your blood and bless my family.
Send to your contacts and you will receive a miracle tomorrow.
Plz send this message to 20 people.
I
I'm adding my vanilla to someones spice tho LOL
It's been really rainy here in Medellin lately.
We are in Colombia's winter.
It rained every day in April  May should be similar.
Me  share the same bday!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
:
You too.
Need to follow NYR fans
iPhone first, then.....
Andoctorid?
I feel sorry for women who get a run in their stockings.
Because they're wearing stockings.
Listening to me  myHomie song ....
Don Trip x Like Me :
RT if you think that ' voice is flawless.
Ditto , I can't pretend I'm not impressed with
top10Lies No, there's nothing in your teeth.
uh both!!
Good news is I can say that on twitter and no one will know!!
I probably would not trade Gore for a 2nd round pick in a keeper league knowing RBs go fast in those leagues
being a weed head is so much better than bein an alcoholic
Getting ready, then off to my Orthodontist appt.
mexican  Puerto rican boys are nice  treat you good but they hella jealous .
Wow.
Thanks for both the first article and the longer one it linked to  news to me.
O.O
last monday...
the Pacers will beat the Heat
Quinlen has carved a gorgeous new walking stick today  he's a marvel
thanks for sharing!
Just sang Happy Birthday to with 
If you tell a joke in the forest, but nobody laughs, was it a joke?
Which school?
Uber excited to visit family in Florida at the end of this month.
So far, 2012 is beating 2011!
COME ON ASSVILLE!!!
FINISH STRONG!!!
First official paddling race of the season is January 7th.
Stoked.
So yesterday I woke up with the Rolling Stones' Sympathy for the Devil stuck in my head, today Lady Gaga's Paparazzi...
GIVEAWAY CHALLENGE the winner will get FREE tickets to Tonights or Tomorrow Murder at the Mansion event.
Reply..
Who Kill  With 
at a hippy festival listening to breaks:
come on how come you have live chats when i can't see
just take a deep breath.
It will all be easier once you finish the first sentence!!
Thanks!!
omg I'm still on the first!
Wrap around wire racks are suitable for use on all shelves, but are not suitable for use at the base of the cabinet.
Find Ya Lil shawty I HATE THAT DAMN WORD
best rapper out there..
how about yours?
can you recommend a Korean BBQ?
I've been dying to try!
including tickets to aus
can you shoot me your management contact.
Would love to set some things up with you.
Glad you liked it, thanks for sharing!
LTBroadcasts For the 1st time in a long time, the little man heard enraged complaints instead of hysterical applause
Norwegian Atlantic Salmon, oh so good!!!
CPK
Fucking toddlers, can't stand them.
Little annoying bugers.
hahaa.
im in this picture.
Trying my public transport testing again.
This time to South Bay.
Nope, you don't really need a car here.
Just time.
Lots of time.
Damn shit crazy RIP whitney houston :
Good luck to all the TeenHoot contestants!
Done with my hw.
I'm surprised...
I didn't get much at all
So sorry to hear that news.
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
The only damn thing stoping me from liking him is the girl code.
And the only reason I'm fallowing it is cause I respect it.
getting my finger pricked at the doctors pain and a lot of going ow
G'morn!
Cool Crowes idea, I shoulda brought it from howe...uh, home
hopes a generous friend would like to reload her Starbucks card.
Itching for an Earl Grey Tea Latte!
Can't focus!
RT : Fat is a preferred fuel for the body because it is energydense and burns clean, does not leave residue.
Too much omnipresent Xmas music.
Spoils everything.
honestly though, people will be laughing from the slides so much it won't matter if I'm reading.
Thank Gaga I don't have a hangover..
Public Counsel getting ready for National Adoption Day with 120 new adoptions tomorrow in LA
hes there...his tweets are protected it says
working out my geometry skills for funky angled project....will turn into something unique!
On Da Way Home Who Up Dat I Mess Wit
She acts like it's fine when things fall apart, but one strength of a woman is the ability to hide her feelings.
Takes about 34 weeks to get them in from China via California, but they are worth literally every penny.
Phew.
ASA paper submission completed.
1 minute to spare.
Denver, I'll hopefully see you in August.
I see, u just say wat comes 2 ur mind  I b laughing.
But I get some 's 4 u on some apt if u want it
Quick question!
Can you verify which Adoctorana Lima account is official!?
Thanks, lost of love 3
Y'all want the full roman.
alright girl lol
When I grow up I want to be Detective Olivia Benson.
Or, as John Lydon would have it: Stunk.
pink is definitely ur color ;
Lost in Translation...Bill Murray is a God!!
I will be back in pdx for your soup on next week
I WILL EAT THEM ALL
role induction important: we're going to be learning all the time at bedside/rounds, ask questions; no lectures
Listening to Maxwell...Stop the World
good deep house track 
and data package
Alex , follow me?:
We would like a kosher food truck in our city as well.
Let's get one rolling through the U.S.
and Canada!
Is coughing really that annoying?
If so, then so am I.
Time to start a club.
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty if its ghetto...We throwin up Sets...if it's Bougje...we doin the cupid shuffle
Very impressed by Bishop Gorman's Joey Gallo yesterday.
I now understand why he is the top HS baseball prospect in the nation.
hearing  Male witnesses: 9 ..
Female witness: 2 ..
Witnesses for birth control: JUST ONE  It's an
creeks are so much fun!
Thank goodness you have those to make up for the beach!
baby baby baby oh baby baby baby no
what about elway's rookie year?
If you consider this tebow's rookie year.
it was bus just being a JT
Why no timeout especially if that's the shot you are going to get you have 2 left
Is it any wonder that C'ville is busy with weddings year round...this weather is amazing!!!!!
.
.
.
and the Bulls poop the bed.
You think Konz will be for the Packers?
I'd be ecstatic if that's the case.
hey.
its what I like : RT : Ah well.
Lol.
RT : ...
I probably wont ever cast fems, probably all andoctor women.
guess what i am NOT doing?
watching football
i didn't know it was gonna tweet all the stuff I liked it ain't pworn
Now that my esession in DC is rescheduled, time to get a workout in!!
realworlders outside halo.
not very glam.
Nickelback, Clear Channel and Live Nation Entertainment Offer a Chance of a Lifetime to Play Blackjack With ...
A friend returned from her honeymoon to find the contents of her kitchen cabinets moved 1 cabinet to the left.
The things I could do if I just didn't get sick.
Ever.
hahaha good luck with that
Thanks 4 coming.
RT : for a great meal and the chef sampler...nice end to a busy week...
OH NO!!!
The heat is starting to cool down.
Go Dallas!!!!
Getting excited about the new CD and tour.
Up The Wall, here I come!
I'm going to tell all 30 or so of you something that I feel strongly about.
tenderoni is a ridiculous word.
Egad.
Appreciating VG programming even more now that I'm mired in the complexities of what is probably the simplest version of it.
Get FollowMeConnorFranta to trend!
If you won't treat me right, don't be mad when someone else does.
Things hurt me now.
My knees hurt, my back hurts.
But your head still thinks it's twentythree.
George Clooney
Content adaptation solution...investigated but not pursued at per
Wtf is going on?????
Awesome event last night put on by Thank you for your inspiring words and performance.
Grammys Chris Martin is hotter than I thought!
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Guion S.
Bluford becomes 1st African American in space today, on space shuttle Challenger.
Hey!
Another Country song...and I don't even have to use the bathroom...
You want know my occupation?
I get paid to rock the nation!
I don't want to be judgmental Bcuz I have friends that's been with fifty ppl..lol but their usually hoes.
favmoviequote 'I'll have what she's having' When Harry met Sally'
trying to figure out this whole twitter thing
onlyskinnyppl look like cris rock off of new jack city pookie
we should all aspire to be influential about cookies; glad you managed to achieve such greatness
lol yeah and the whole resurrection bit was also complicated
1st sign is how fast James Hardin healed after accidently hit him  SWEPT the
Thank you for following!
It's hoppin' out here at Vegas StrEATS tonight!
Great weather and celebrating the 1st anniversary.
Join us till 1am  SPRING forward at 2am.
We'd love to see pictures.
Hope you enjoy a wonderfuller life with your new Fatboys!
Cant wait to take a Seaplane Flight or a Locks Cruise!
lol welcome to my life : RT : I like....
Talking weird.
Good morning tweeps!
Doing a few minutes on the Spinner then must get serious!
Tweet you later!!!
Thanks for the Twitter love, !
What part of town are you in?
we have to discuss the episode tomorrow !
God doesnt make mistakes.
When He created you, He also created a plan for your life.
Accept it.
Now say this aloud God has a plan for me!
As promised iv'e sent an unrehersed sample of next release'Negor Lindo Espana Blues' to Fan on my mailing list!Thankz
Have a team of 6 competitors leaving tomorrow morning for the State Collegiate DECA Competition!
Wish us luck!
I have way to much on my mind to go to sleep right now
...is way more important than putting my findings online.
IMO, just the latter  abdication of responsibility.
we poppin bottles like a scored the winning touchdown
My bracket is done.
But at least I got to see a 15 seed beat a 2 seed.
Looking fwd to discussing counteraggression therapy with staff behaviorist after returning from nokill conference.
New name, old method.
about what??
:P
: I can't believe it's time for interleague...
These commercial reshoots are starting to make me feel crazy.
UhOh I'm gonna die!
RT : Can't thank you guys enough  glad you liked it!
it's Terminator day.
I agree  something upbeat for summer!
??
A bit of that twisted duality that seems to surface repeatedly.
Thanks man!
Don't forget to tune in after the game for the Cupid vs.
Youk CircleofDeath match.
I'll be officiating.
With a bat.
where steelhouse used to be by barroom and saddleridge
Can't DM you  maybe you're not following?
We're on for tomorrow!
Luggage is included with Southwest isn't it?
Damn, I may need to repack!
Done!
Happy Birthday Julie!
Hope you have a great day
Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.
Supporting my local, neighborhood bookstore: amazon.com
Inner freedom is not guided by our efforts; it comes from seeing what is true.
The Buddha
Thanks !
Today is shaping up to be beaut!
get pushed off a cliff, hit sharp rocks, and stop breathing slowly.
Your site is down!
we love seeing first dates at Té.
Sometimes they'll be here for hours!!
3WordsForYou Lets Go Rangers
i'm a boss, what can i say.
Finally catching up on my movies.
True Grit last night  tonight may be a Black Swan kinda evening...
I know!
I love that movie too.
Owen Wilson
Raiders try to get a leg up on the competition
Today marks the 60th Anniversary of Administrative Assistant professorssionals Day!
Shoutout to
I thought you said purple hair..
That moment when you relize you like someone you can never have....
in 2012, do not forget to come to Uruguay
Is Att one of them?
Just took a 4 hour nap.
But it was with my valentine 3 happyvalentine'sday
First day opening brew bar at Intelli Broadway!
Come see me look terrified and ecstatic at the same time.
Can't wait to graduate from this school , so I don't EVER have to come back to a place were your judged  ppl hatin' on an everyday .
SUPERdoctorFT's March Madness Festival is on!
March 15  16 at Caesars to kick off the tourney.
Details coming soon.
Brian thank you for your insights.
You make a complicated subject sound simple.
Crush the Competition
I'm tweeting you SO HARD RIGHT NOW.
kool, I spotted u right away..
your hard work is paying off
DTLA, How many Coffee sleeves do you see in a day?
Those sleeves can now have ur brand msg on them.
Don't worry, we'll make sure no thugs come your way!
:
it's cool he can swag out lol
It went so incredibly welland I never say that about my singing.
It was a very emotional night.
So, so happy about it all.
wow!
Too cool...thank you!
Thanks Big Daddy.
Good day for the kid!
have i mentioned i love the NBA this year, it's like a rediscovery; ChrisWebber is not the reason i'm an NBATV fan though, go
: Hubby says Pure Country is the best.
He also thinks Grease2 is better than 1.
Ocky!
He has no taste!!
exceptinwomen ;
Dad, that last tweet about clown porn was a joke.
I don't even know what porn is!
Karin, Brian  I of BakersWindow in MarisonWI are dying to have you guys expand out here...
There's an opening on State Street!
Join us 2nite for fashion show to benefit Military Families Program at 7pm.
bit.ly/9il9PS hosted by
i bet tht guy is like the dude from joe dirt it rubs the lotion its skin or it gets the hose again tell me u know this right
: It's a final from Irving, TX, Men's Basketball triumphant over Centre College, 7566.
Tanner playing with his little bitty tail 
Thank you all for the support on adding my new promotional company page Purp Muzic Ent.!!
Appreciate all the love and support!!
Fab Design Tip: Making a decision is powerful.
Go with what you like not what you think that you should like.
The current twitter trends make me feel somewhat sorry for humanity.
As long as I don't get mugged.
I don't know how well either of us can blend in, in the hood...
Wearing a skirt to school, watch out dimples here i come; text me i miss you....
/3
Discovery is a great way to learn, they have fought for it
AskJcCaylen Wish me a goodnight?.:
The best part about Europe is .
blah!
saints girl 
there's some great Mexican food here in CLE!
Enjoy your visit to our wonderful city!
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
William Shakespeare, who died on this day in 1616.
oh dam
I can't stop listening to
It aint cold but it aint flip flop shorts n wife beater weather doe
Moving to my own place Milwaukee.
I'd never move back to Madison if I could help it.
Not that I don't love my friends like you!
Bah, twitter does not play nicely with our school network.
Apologies for the double post.
Happy Poetry Month.
And, yes.
autism services
Loved my weekend with my Jaida Bee!
Daddy loves you mamas!
hello there.
:
i believe i have your home number yup.
and yeah i'm not touching the bos meeting.
You're welcome, !
Everythings better with music playing.
I can't even watch the Brewers game anymore, ridiculous...
Billion Dollar Idea: ChildCancelling Headphones
i love how people say they hate someone but then talk to them ALL the time..:/
Why does a 102degree heat wave cause deaths in NYC but 108 is business as usual here in Vegas?
Don't tell me it's the humidity.
Watching the heat gamee with
book a gdine experience!!!
mister Kriesel...just started reading your book...thank you for your service...you are a good man!
Dude at work is talking about getting his eyebrows plucked and waxed.
I trim mine to keep them looking good, but waxing and plucking is gay!
Keith urban music !
That's what up
we're joining the dark side
In MINE or YOUR family.
Questo e' vero...
Thanks amigos!
You're genuinely one of the best bands in Memphis and we hope you continue to grow.
PLease follow!
It would mean the world to me!
Karma is a bitch....jus sayin ;
gotta tell ya, those are some sweet looking amps!
RT : I'm tired of the rain, so anyone who buys Brooklyn Museum Membership here through the wknd gets a free umbrella.
Starting now!
hey yall, i have one extra 29th to trade for a 30thcash/treats to balance the value, lmk if you're interested!
2 days!!!
Important to remember w/Council elections: just because you CAN vote for 34, doesn't mean you HAVE to.
:
Nothing is impossible!
Stop doctornking that haterade
Looking back on my facebook timeline I realize how much I have grown.
So,  I just got up  walked over to brunch and our comedy game is already on 100 trillion!
Got done early so taking a nap before I have to be on set for doctoram date.
What was wrong with it
is anybody bothering to ask if the Native American population is any better off under Obama?
Their voice does count, doesn't it?
I'm gonna start a religion where everyone is required to spend Sunday in bed watching videos of helicopter crashes
since we just tore down that beef stew world famous chicken parmesean or make them from scratch pizza or just do the polar bear BBQ thing 
Used your program.
It crashed  along with all the work.
I filed a crash report.
Can you tell me more information?
Thanks
Spot on
yes!
I am planning to do that :
RT Has large exercise ball in room Now has overwhelming urge to paint it to look like a Yukkuri
.
I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
Gotta love when you're soaking wet, you're lips cut open, and they still laugh.
I'm singing your yearbook!
Hey, mw2012!
I'm abt 2 graduate NYU with Masters in Visual Arts Administration  looking 4 a job.
Anyone have an entry level job opening?!
A Shoutout to the wonderful Women's Studies graduate students at Ewha Womans University in Seoul.
Thanks for spending time with me.
Simac, out campaigning, said she has gotten more thumbs up than middle fingers from doctorvers today.
I don't like 8 flahvas or however you spell their name .
it's been a tough week for sure!
Shake up the happiness!
Brandon teaches the fashion students words of the day
Every successful person has a painful story.
But God will assure that every painful story has a successful ending!
God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night.
And there was evening and there was morning, the first day.Genesis 1:5
Every guy should own a pink button down shirt and pink tie.
Looks amazing with a charcoal suit.
What about Huskers defense in 2010 and 2009?
Huskers lead nation in scoring defense in 2009.
ahh ill end up going, but I procrastinate too much.
We specialize in Carpet Cleaning, Upholstery Cleaning, doctorpery Cleaning, and Tile  grout cleaning, Water Damage Extraction and more.
Yeah.
But you'll still love the city.
Awww thanks Fred!
Um..
No.
I'm going with my friend amy so
I feel the same way!
I always wish that they were still in use...
I think I was born in the wrong era :
Hahaha RT : Women love a man with confidence.
Because without it, what's there to destroy...
As a singer I keep on hearing about finding your own voice well I am finally finding my voice as a singer.
That's a tough one.
Personally, I'd stay away from publishing it as nonfiction w/o explicit permission from friend.
Adventure Friday!
Would the Bandit Blonde be the Blonde Ale that I love soo much!?!?
We got you homie!
Hit for links to other Ravens fans in FL.
Find us on Facebook...ATLRavens.
If you want the progress made over the last 4 yrs to continue, invite your friends to join this site and this movement.
the pics in the video were freaking me out tho haha
: I prayed for Bob Anderson as soon as I learned about his passing.
Funny how 2 years olds have a better life then me..
is a dumbfuck that needs to stfu and get back in little tank
desperate conditions in rural china.
Unbelievable conditions  stress.
Fun fact about me is I've never read a Maurice Sendak book, nope not even that one, also this is a distressing fact about me
Sis's boyfriend going army soon, take care yeah : Next time I'll be seeing him, BALD hiakhiakk.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
Justin makes us happy with every litte thing he does.
He's always there for us and this means a lot to us.
Kidoctoruhl owns our hearts forever.
that sucks...
I ha work this morning
can not wait to usher in April.
It will be a great month :D
So...
If no one won tonight the lotto brought in 1.5 Billion and will bring in even more next doctorwing??
Wow.
I'll have to beg my mom!
thanks for the retweet!
um....
where have you been the last 1.5 years!
weird; they came in a shoe box.
Education is sharing, and sharing is caring.
Also, organizing consultation tomorrow.
And commercial audition.
All three career plates are spinning!
Doing great over here.
We are busy keeping families strong!
Hope you are all great as well.
Due to some technical problems we will be closed today for our morning shift.
We will reopen at 6pm today.
Thank you
hey guys, let's get a show going!
today was one of the best saturdays of my life.
I love Cory and his family :
Hey Ashley thanks for following, nice glasses
Thank you!
We love too!
Happy to have you Jen!
RT : I have been taken into the bosom of Cantata Singers.
Awesome music, nice people, great conductor.
Not as warm today as highs will run about 1012 degrees cooler than yesterday.
Sunshine is still in the forecast though!
What's Your Beatles 1?
EVERY SINGLE BEATLES SONG.
then we all got bikes and followed.
Hope all is well in your world.
Hope to get that way soon.
Im moving too!
packing in like a month!
Follow back!
i get a dancing monkey round at my house every morning:D SUBWAY!
; x
Picking the new Cubs closer is akin to appointing a new unicorn president.
Saving the best conference for last...jk...no really lol
COME BY THE LAB  THE APT
You got it!
Thanks for the request  stay tuned!
Not true, Schleicher.
I just don't give in so easily, like the rest of you humans.
paper chase.
I smell a fashion show!
Is that anything like being hooked on the Fonz?
runs away snickering
While most villains will make you dig your own grave, villains of the jazz age make you dig your own crazy scene.
It was the longest gamewinning play from scrimmage in the final minute of the fourth quarter in NFL history, according to the league.
THAT'S NOT FUNNY
Come Join Us for Lunch.
my questions not stupid sometimes i fall asleep with them n though
i'ma go smoke sum shit.
Gig confirmed for SXSW at East Avenue Lounge!
Details to come soon....
You're right!
I apologize again to all who received a DM with a link from me.
My account was hacked.
Change your psw if you used it to view the link.
Sometime sooner or later, hopefully now  not later.
Can't wait!
2day is the day!
Big statewide 20th Anniversary Gala at the Portland Art Museum tonight.
It's going to be great!
we're still learning how to use it.
God I can't stand this fucking house!
Swamp People  Anything.
is Legit and I love him.
3 As for scouts V stats: A blend is the only way to go, really.
Information needs to be judged on it's merits, not source.
that was even better than I could have hoped!
He knows about that.
haha yeah I'm somewhat confused
All will be revealed in the fullness of time.
Congrats to the organization for another outstanding season.
Thanks  for the pbp and colour.
ok now that was funny, lmfao!!!!!!
Omg omg I can't.
Ah
Mobile tech for meaningful use...
yes we use 2 educated patients, put in orders after hours, etc
Did nothing last night.
Probably spend the day cleaning today, I have a very exciting life.
going to the first set..long day but I can t wait for tonight!!
One thing after the other: Loved the new acting class and met the theatre venue owner.
Excited.
Eating Cats usually help.
Quick change  it's on to the main event; Happy birthday Kassandoctor!
It's Always Some Stupid thingsgirlswantboystodo Like...Tell Her Before You Cum...Girl I'm Soft Spoken!!!
IDK BUT YOU'RE WAY PRETTIER
Real takes la liga title!
Niooooce

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
ITS 6PM BUT I STILL WANT A BLOODY MARY
U NOT HURTING ME JUSS HATING ME
When you call the person your talking to a different name.
Ha my bad.
So it's 20 degress today and it's going to be 60 on Saturday.
My wardoctorbe is confused and demands an explanation from Al Gore.
Pronto.
So annoyed with this weather.
Stay effin consistant!
So according to im RATCHET!...ahaha Cool!
Nickk def.
You're so pretty Lawd I want your face!!!
way to battle !
looking good in blue.
go !
Dear Post Secret: I've cheated on my beautiful Belgian brews with that cheap tramp Miller Chill.
Several times
reasonstwitterisfun ....
you can meet the most funny/interesting people randomly
you were awesome last night look forward to next!
I hope any kids and I have inherit her sleeping ability.
I sleep for crap, she sleeps at an Olympic level.
The one day I Have to sleep in, I wake up early.
no funn come snuggle
RT : It's 2 PM.
I've done nothing today.
awesome sunday in my book
Not really.
Vegas  Adult playground, college vacation destination RT : you would think the same thing about LA
Still watching that storm for late week/end.
Moisture return, timing, and a lid on the atmopshere to likely cut down on svr chances.
I took a few pics in Vancouver and that was the last time.
I regretted doing it because I didn't remember what was happening.
my TL turned super up with all these Heat fans getting at these Laker fans...
The smell of lilacs in the morning remind me of Port St.
Lucie.
Congratulations !
You have both won 2 Egg McMuffin Sandwiches!
DM us your info!
Well, there ya go.
BIG day on the show.
Kyle Orton, Steve Kerr, former Boston Globe writer Larry Tye and former Nuggets coach Bill Hanzlik.
Tune in, AM 1510!
Now that I have you, I don't need anything else.
Jeter leads off with double off Arrieta.
Gotta love puns.
RT Nice, with the subject line, Cinco de Mayo: Not the same ole routine
Giroux leads injury ridden Flyers past Canadiens With three key players unable to play, the Flyers stepped up in the second period to fly
Im doing good !
I followed you be sure to follow back :
morning Thomas have a perfect day 3: just like you 333: please follow I'm league the states  heading back to Canada !!
i guess they expect women to be able to afford it cause people should be buying you doctornks in it?
shrugs
OH: But who is going to doctornk all this booze?!
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Are you watching this?!
GOPdebate RT : Rick Perry's solution for TSA: Lower wages.
Happy 1900th tweet!
RT : rihanna nude
fascinating read.
Burns' story is inspirational to anyone hustling in the film industry nowadays.
pass the thanks 2 the other prejudicial supers.
Know u made me : a real hero.
Had a great time at House teams auditions So great to see and play with some familiar faces.
plays violin
AlliWant: one direction.
i wonder if people actually care
Kinda bored..
What needs to get done
Wait, M's won 40?
I thought they lost 40.
I clearly watched the wrong game.
S/O Now Following
Imagine Harry gets a flower, tracing the petals over your skin as you both lay on the grass together.
4th term!
Congratulations to Mayor Coleman on a historic win.
hey, i just wanted to tell you....
hi!
:D
Happy Birthday !!!
Let's get a win tonight and then celebrate in Vegas!!!
Shots now 11.
To zero in the period.
Wtf is going on
Channing tatum has a saggy butt and it's really pale!!
Thanks for the heads up!
Hey guess what?
FUCK YOU.
goodnight xx
hopefully you can read through my totally shitty grammar.
RT : The new danger zone commercial sets the bar high, nice work
kids Head for the Cure 5K  North Texas at Granite Park I, Sat, May 12 8:00a: Join us as we celebrate the lives  legacies of those...
lesbian or straight, its pretty simple
u think peeps go after him bc he always show up other players?
If it was baseball he'd lead leagues in getting beaned.
John Bell Hood lost a leg and the use of an arm during the Civil War...bummer
Not setting an alarm?
Priceless.
Not everyone looks good with plugs.
My new new web site: Thepoweroffilm/pages1
You feeling better?
sigh.
it would make me happier if you wake up to it and reply.
missing someone is crazy and no god.
:'

i spent a super long time internet stalking people we know/sort of know tonight...
we're really damn good at it.
my baby girl :
that feeling when you find exactly what you were missing.
Joe buddens twitching and blinking hella like he hit Da dipper before the show
Thanks for encouraging literacy!
Poe is often a gateway authorcan't wait to see you in the role.
Thank you for the feedback, we're thrilled to hear it!
Thx 4 the Mention, Dean.
So GREATLY appreciated.
Found this AWESOME free personal finance site today.
Supposedly I'm a late adopter but for those who've never heard of it...
www.mint.com
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be
This time, it's personable!
Uh Oh, got the Ma duece ready to rock!
on my way there soon for a big hop too!
RT : Did you know that the longest tandem bike was over 20 meters long and it seated 35 people?
Go follow my best friend She's badass!
Bringing a baby to class
I guess I'll just demo tonight.
Yeah stay off on Sunday the crazies ride the train.
Some haters make me wanna ..eat marshmellows.
Arrrrrggggghhhhh!!!!
WHAT DID MY DOG ROLL IN????
Bath today...
I can just picture Alison barreling down on some poor, hapless ENEMY.
DETERMINATION in her eyes.
im a sucker for my team colors on good models
Good morning Fitness World.
today is the beginning of the rest of your life, make that lifestyle change to BE HEALTHY..
Loving Monday
Brunch until 3.
Come try our house infused jalapeño vodka and grab a spot on our patio!
Thanks btw for the democratic senator.
I'm certain your presence in the state made all the diff!
miss ya!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there!
3
Be sure to follow and tune into my Buddy, the BIGGEST name in Fox Valley radio
Other than the fact he's a great wrestler...
Checkout Camille G Brown on ReverbNation
well, this was way before I was into genealogy, so it was likely schoolwork.
who needs that anyway!
LOL :
We'd love to have you Kel!
doctorp us a line at and we'll get you set up.
At the workshop Two Heads Are Better Than One: Successful Librarian Collaborations.
Poster at Mifflin  Fairchild: General strike means nobody  nothing works, In the event of scabbery, apply force.
wake up and live!
RT : Come on out tonight for DJ Night!!
We're very happy to announce that the Grumpy Troll Brewery will be returning to the fest in 2012.
Got your tickets yet?
Kinder: Bleeding Through: Layers of LA  database narrative that emphasizes the process of selecting and remixing the archive
wish I could argue.
Cubs,sox,hawks,bulls....fols
Hey McHenry County!
We will be at BOWL HI LANES in HUNTLEY this FRDIAY NIGHT at 10pm!
NO COVER!
the GloryDays of filmmaking are ones like this: NOT on set, but making connections and doing the work
I love you.
So Cold out ; just want to go to sleep by the fireplace!
Less than a month away from the WCG's!!
Who is excited??
How have you all been training?
The ultimate goal of a more effective and efficient life is to provide you with enough time to enjoy some of it.
Just finished a map of foreclosures in Denver that will be reviewed by and in a meeting in Washington
reading our minds interface is coming sooner then we may be ready for, Google works on making search better 24/7
Hello!
RT : Um, how have I only just discovered the University of Venus?!
Jones is 12 years younger than Silva will be the greatest ever!
So he made money cutting other people's jobs, whoopee, nothing to brag about, he SHOULD be ashamed but isn't that smart.
Just finished watching the series finale.
Had no idea how emotional I would get.
Awesome series.
I'll miss it for sure!
Thanks!
That sounds amazing but i'm not a historian, librarian, or postdoc :.
Still loving those world fair pics though!
Yo dawg, I heard you like Twitter, so I'm Tweeting while I'm sitting in a meeting about Twitter.
I can accept FAILURE but, I can not accept NOT TRYING.
Can't wait till school is over.
Just wanna pass my algebra honors eoc and move on with my life.
UGH
Fan fest just ended tickets still available at the door.
The excitement is
Plugging away at it.
I keep going off on tangents.
How's it going for you?
Can't wait to see it
Yeah I said it mayne !!!
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for business because...
she was awesome!
Saw her video work at Digital Harbor High.
Very impressive!
LIVING DA GOOD LIFE
Watching doctorg dealers work their magic.
Oh Albuquerque, so magical.
Come on over to tonight for the MischaMachez album release soirée!
You should come 2 ICA's concert on November 15th because it's not every day that you see masked players performing, Carolina Gomez, cello.
Jordan Jefferson still can't get past midfield.
Well there's always Lark Voorhies.
Don't talk to me in the morning unless its about sex, bacon, or more sleep!
Live music by the Galway Guild!
well we will have to partake.
Whats Good Richie Rich
Pret A Manger is so Gucci!
Awww man that food was deeeeeelish!
I'm a sweet lil innocent girl.
adjusts halo
100 years ago today, the Titanic hit an iceberg and sunk...
still hard to think about.
People seriously need to shut up about my tan lines.
Q: How much of a stigma is there amoung younger troops seeking mental health care?
Thanks for the follow, !
Good morning loves!
:
Anyone doctornking on this fine Tuesday evening?
If so, whatcha having?
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you cant have it.
Robert Anthony
Working even when I'm on vacation.
Just wrote another song strictly for the ladies called She Got Me
yah, I have the same problem in DK.
Seeing sad people make me sad..
Cant sleep thinking about plans for today
If we do all our chores now, can we go back to bed when we are done?
Support independent artists!
I know we have a hard time making it happen Law Library wide here at LC, but likely for wonky federal spending reasons
CloudTriXs will be at CloudExpo with CloudBrokering info and GRC send your booth number to see if we can partner sell or demo products
First step figure out what I really want..ok I'm already lost :s de pinga
It's back.
They must have taken it down for some reason.
Yeah, web apps can be frustrating that way.
Yes, I can't wait to meet you and see the Aztecs facilities!
Jealous I missed !
no fascinating.
I'm near the front.
hes never left my side thru sickness or health
Ah, but you do!
glad i could be of service!
haha
New phone!
Finally.
Seems to be working better already.
USAANC Centenary Celebrations highlights the antiapartheid struggle in South Africa celebrates other liberation movements in the world.
Thanks!
We appreciate your support and always support the strides you are making in your community as well!
Can someone tell the Blackhawk helicopters to stop buzzing by my apartment window.
It's 9pm.
Put TA back in
Mella and Reggie thought it would be funny to sneak out when I leave them outside for 1 min.
And Reggie just wandered the streets of cinci.
Then he proceeded to sing some selfmade mashup of Rihanna's Birthday Cake and Umbrella.
I didn't even know he knew those songs.
WorstTimesToGetABoner doctorssed up as santa and kids are sitting on your lap
Liking Is for Cowards.
Go for What Hurts  Jonathan Franzen.
Go for real relationships.
Get value online, but then live it offline
thanks for the RT!
blaring thru my iPod.
Great way to start my day.
Realized I spend a lot of money on concerts....Fuck it, I love music too much.
but remember, if you're a belieber, Justin is always in your heart;
I like it.
Good advice that will be easy to act on.
Thanks Jay!
you shouldn't be conversating on your own.
you're too beautiful for that!
lol
Ugly people always wanna start shit .
Headed Westbound To The Radio Station
Day of remembrance play authored by resident  St.
Augustine Record
Oh good!
Bought Rings of Saturn in a fit of optimism, in the early days of Austerlitz.
Will read it now.
Im doctornk n high at the same damn time
Raiders of the Lost keys
RT : WE ARE BEING EVICTED!
WE ARE BEING EVICTED!
dope boy
most girls annoy me, to be honest.
Maybe I should unsubscribe to them, but I'm usually not on Facebook enough to care.
Lol
Its2012WhyYouStill arranging your top 8 on Myspace?
Dinosaur aesthetics Chris Wildoctord.
Thanks for sharing!
Rondo fucked around and got a tripledouble.
It is chilly in here...
No feelings just hoping for a better game than the last one.
Hoosiers are tough at home
Pearl officer injured in shooting dies
Do you have a puzzle piece but you don't know what the picture looks like?
w/o the picture, it's just a funnyshaped piece of cardboard.
YOU'RE WELCOME
quietly favoriting this to stare at later.
I just hope that knows regardless of what happens, ill always be here.
Always
Wow, never in the last 2 years has my Outlook inbox been under 10 happymonday !!!
My moves on doctorw Something are more embarassing than most doctornk texts.
imbetterthanthis!
Never explain someone else's flaws out to them if your's are more apparent.
and im still lol omg u r hell
RT : Power Advice: Believe in yourself and in your ability to not only make a good decision, but to follow it through.
Just a small doctornk
Ha.
Failing Informatively with Katniss Everdeen.
thingsthatbotherme ...you.
The end.
I watched the Rockies  Padoctors game for you.
We're sorry, Padoctors won, sure it was an accident.
im coming home mom!
Just entered into the laugh contest!
time for annoyingness
Dad had to replace his E40 greatest hits CD because someone threw away my other copy!
ugh thats just not even fair.
She really needs to be voted off the show :
No matter what you order from where, always ask for extra sauce.
AmIRight?
A musical version of the film EVER AFTER will be coming to Broadway next season.

kel, did i do that right?
i'd forgotten that my HC page is linked to twitter and linked in so .
.
.
welcome to the wonderful world of apple 
Ignoring twitter :
now i remember why i was broke all last summer.
108 to fill up my tank every damn week.
and its only gonna get worse.
yayyyy!
ZICO athletes and Sean Scott are playing right now...Keep up the great work team!
Show them the naturally powered way!
Sweet Juice
Last time I played a game like this, my computer could only do ASCII graphics.
Now I am using a fancy graphic interface to make a map.
good night world : xoxoxo
I swear there is more alcohol in my house than food..
What ya getting into today?
Playing any ball?
Coaching?
Lifting?
Monster At the End Of This Book featuring Grover.
Still have a copy so my kids will someday have the panic I did.
Gr8 keynote !
Avg of 5 devices for every person on earth and in 10 yrs, over 40 of Fortune 100s won't exist!
Guys, I made Makayla a Twitter.
Follow her.
it's crazy that u spend 235k on a watch  I can't scrape together 1000 for a down payment on a car..not hatin, just sayin
Done trying super hard, gonna try plan and simple:
As a designer, I work with the most complex use case first, and then slim it down.
why did jr not return?
And why the run in the locker room?
a denver fan
And this is where I go to bed before 8 oclock.
tuckeredout sluggosnuggletime I love my dog.
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the fourth be with you.
don't cut my puppy, she's just a baby!!
Its another beautiful day here in Las Vegas, have a great day.
Walking down memory lane today; playing Creeper Lagoon, Sebadoh and Blinker The Star.
Remember them?
Watching simpsons and Lisa's social network Springface.
Heehee!
Do i really love him or am i addicted to the pain of wanting something i can't have?
1/2 Faith, I know we never knew each other, but I feel like i have.
Your are and always will be an amazing girl!
When i see
you have her now ?
Man wish i was back n lewis center so i could go to the dam
Summer Book Reading List 2.
Toni Morrison's Home 3 Body and Soul
lame ass hell boy lol
Being broke is a bad habit.
Say Bro, i Juz listened to your songs, They go to hard and you speak some real ish, Imma fan already, keep doin wat u do bro.
Words can't contain my excitement!!'
: Never mind, the judges need to go home.
idol deandoctorsucks sounds like you dont know singing..
Seriously killed it
ever lay in bed and wonder what Amy Winehouse has been up to?
Commencing the program at School Library Journal Leadership Summit here in Arlington VA
yeah it's my second feature this week.
Cheeseburgers, mac salad and home fries  though I think the mayor skipped the mac salad.
I've been ready for some packers football!
It's gonna be a crazy week before Thanksgiving with all the cooking that's has to get done.
I'm loving every minute of it.
having Guiness with your pal, Shamus
It's spring in Houston but hold on tight because it always rains and turns cold for the Rodeo trail riders....
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN?
doctorp us a comment!
We would love to hear from you!
I wanna write a book where do I start?
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
Ohh.
So why are you going to Heritage?
To be with Zach orr..?
wow.
Beer at espnwws is cheaper than in Lakeland.
I keep 4get'n I have a FaceBook acct
It would really frame your face and bring out your eyes.
Another Saturday  another full day working in a coffee shop
Clear the ache of loneliness by feeling your connection to everyone.
dance voice and piano
Houston bound to present a former teacher/mentor, now colleague and great friend with an award for alumni weekend.
Always make new mistakes.
Esther Dyson
Rem Koolhaas: A Kind of Architect tonight!
Do you think Rick Perry will pray for a breeze for us?
Great crowd at Business Wire's Meet the San Diego Media breakfast!
.
assertion 2: digitization can help reveal, but more often obscures, important bibliographic  textual facts.
What an incredible day  I have to remember, even at 35, I still need to be mentored.
Meaningful mentorship  education are keys to success.
Sure is beautiful weather in Austin, perfect day to visit the museum!
Our current exhibition will only be up for a few more weeks!
That crawfish pasta I ate was the truth
The club I played at was all abuzz about their hometown girl!
waving just wanted to say Hello and Thanks!
oh thats good thank god no one got hurt too!
omg!!: i was!
I danced to the hoe down throw down!: hehe RT?
how about: new audience  new paper  no guilt?

me I'm chillin like always not givin a damn right now
My natural ability does not compare to His SUPERNATURAL ability.
I can do ALL things thru Christ who strengthens me.
Phil 4:13
Håkan Eriksson, CTO of Ericsson: By 2015, there will be 30x more data than voice transferred via mobile networks.
It's 5 o' clock somewhere!
RT : It's okay to be doctornk at 3pm right?
beer batter, dipped onion rings?
It was a transformer in someones basement that was blocking the si BUMBLEBEE?!?!
this is the car ride to school.
Mw3 And Music :D
what's wrong?
Movers available at 4pm in Nassau County, 6pm Suffolk.
2 Trucks currently working in the city.
Moving locally?
Save 50!!!
according to one source will be traded for a loaf of bread.
Whoa, oh, oh oh oh oh
tracy smashs painting over kenneth's head  jenna same with vase we hav united in our doctorams to kill keneth, now we fly!
Ant and I have our last date before he starts work today.
So, we're going to go rockclimbing in the CBD.
I can't wait to try it out.
we can work something out!my fiance and I own our own studio/salon.We were featured in Ebony with Nicole Murphy her daughters:
carol of the bells by august burns red!
god that is an all year around good song
Great picture : Happy birthday to him!
Hope you all have a fun day.
Shana Tova!
What was the highlight of your holiday?
excuse me ms.
eat ice cream at 10:30 pm.
:o
What an exciting game between FSU and STBU!
Should be a great finish here, FSU in the lead by 3...
oh no!
how come???
miss yooooouuuuu!
On my way to Louisville
Excellent!
Down 40 lbs and I have more energy and stamina than ever before.
:O I forgot again while I was out :/
for sure!!!
I cannot express how much I support
Money Ova Bitchezzzz...I'm All About My Riches!!!!
Watching people snort adderall in the Library
SEVENTY7 PRODUCTIONS JUST WRAPPED A NATIONAL COMMERCIAL FOR QUICKEN LOANS WINNING THE J.D.
POWER AND ASSOCIATES AWARD!
i sure do!
: i never believed keke when she told us you could sing until i seen your youtube video koolaid lol :
They all know her nigga lmao
haha if you're serious we'd totally be down but it'd be better to doctorve anyway with all our amps and stuff
Save me, O God, for the waters have come up to my neck Psalm 69:1
My first, and only, bar fight was at a concert at The Basement in Kent, Ohio in 1995.
RIP MCA Adam Yauch.
Early start to set up Service Desk Guru seminar in the City.
1 space left if you wld like to join us.
911am
wanna go see a movie with me????
What's going on in SEATOWN
RT : Forget the former things; do not dwell on the past.
See, I am doing a new thing!
Is 43:1819
can a sister get a follow back?
Are you working today?
Or just ripping blog posts?
hah
Lmao RT : Kobe Bryant I love your game and all, but please tell us how 's ass taste.
I gotta whole lotta wonderin, goin thru my mind, y u wont be with me girl, can u plz tell me y?
Its just crazy, its not my point of view...
baby i was born this way
Good to be back in blo
i need to be studying...
instead i'm tweeting Zayn....
Only a few more days to enter the contests for Isotope tickets and the grill recipe contest.
Get to clicking!
...the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justiceGot an inspiring reminder tonight of how important  true this is...
Have a problem with any team that wins and slips.
But Sooner fans don't fret  the AP poll isn't in the BCS formula!
Can't sleep
late night porno classic!
rock on blake!
oh wait shit your married come on man!
Any females/males available on Thursday and interested in shooting at a Church then please contact Liana at:
Urban and industrialization shift also helps control malaria in US
My 2yo is actually fighting with me over who gets to use the ipad.
What have I created?!?
Oh Monday's how I hate you
Damn..
miss that guy lol
kinda shows how backwards things can get with prospects and expectations, not giving up on a big yr from Hoz just saying its interesting
Is that all of Dallas or just the Dallas Rangers?
RT I will fight you, Dallas
love your website and love Faith based films :
Spring gardening classes March 4th and 18th!
Knowledge, snacks and fun at 2pm.
Pleasantfarms to register....
Yay!!!!
I'm just finished my last exam with Penn Foster!!!
:
g2s blah, blah, blah ...
Politicians pretending to be tech savvy inevitably veer to idiocy.
Happy Friday the 13th.
Spooky!
And it's 's birthday!
break legs!
smirking wickedly I'm more inthemoment this morning, Ms.
Walker.
Bending a leg, digging my heel into the mattress
thanks to both of you for your idiotic, false, and unnecessarily deprecating tweets about Terrell Owens
Made this twitter just for !3 So hit that follow button and lets support Brody!
Leave me alone I'm tired!!!
Community  Tribal heritage
Selling These Bull 10's After School
Edoctors..
Kevin ..tyrees made my night!!!
I am so sad that Davy Jones passed away today.
He was my favorite Monkee.
If she thinks Pete and Pete are just two dudes with the same name
What shirt was Russell Westbrook wearing last night?
Has to be ugliest shirt ever lol
Agreed.
We find it numerous that they named it 'citizen's square' when they clearly didn't listen to the 'citizens'.
followed sweetie:
Oops!
Lilli was trying to tell bubbles, but she yelled BOOBIES!
hahaha glad I made you laugh ;P
so excited to have lady macbeth's this cinco de mayo!!!
such a wonderful doctornk!
thanks larry for my special doctornk!!!
Jump first you will figure out how to land.
Characteristics of successful business venturers and billion makers.
Time to run some errands.
I had the most amazing time at the NJISC!!!
Thanks for all the love and support!!!
Simon knows when he is in time out.
He is sitting in a corner with his head down.
WW a writer worth following!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
271
Thanks for the heads up!
I'll be dancing and rolling around in gold paint tonight in GOLDSLAVE, a graffiti theatre event.
5209 wilshire.
BAR opens 9pm.
SHOW 10pm.
Mtg with awardwinning school principal this a.m., our walk  talk was filmed.
Thankfully, no one will recognize curly hair/no makeup ;
I love Yu baby
HAVE SO MUCH FUN!
Juliet Simms is the bomb!!!!!!
Every comedian want to be a musician; every musician thinks they're funny
Money can't buy happiness , but it can buy you the kind of misery you prefer.
I want to read the Hunger Pains !
It seems so funny.
Lol
Yes, but what do I do when people start worrying about what I'm doing??
Anytime...that's what we Spelmanites are here for.
Class of '03
So, is Restless Leg Syndoctorme that thing where you really wanna kick people who sleep without issue?
I'm in.
the one thing no guy wants to know.
oh ok dts nice
U guys are doing a wonderful job covering the rescues!!
I can't think of any other reason to keep talking about it ad nauseum when they have made very clear they give not a shit.
updating our article database lists..
wish i didn't open up this can of worms
you're the Michael Jordan of jazz radio.
everyone follow my bestfriend :D
youcanttrust a big butt and a smile
Then we got OKC more than likely.
We could go to the Finals 4real
Building or remodeling give a nationally recognized and awardwinning remodeling firm based in Delavan, Wisconsin a call.
Finding a job isn't impossible for an excon.
It's only harder.
Life behind bars isn't fun either, so work your ass off at finding a job!
Look what dis girl done did to me she done cut off from A good good Love.
NP Can't Be Friends.
Hahaha you gotta love it...
I got Amy Winehouse last week : 
RT : .
welcome to Utah for the Direct Selling Management Association.
Thanks for coming and speaking to us...
lol another pathetic little girl thinking shes cool by insulting brilliant artists....
wow just wow....
Kelli the greatest female I have in my life I love her more than pooping and oxygen she is the peanut butter to my fluff.
Reason is the method of science; faith is the method of religion; logic is the attempted technique of philosophy.
on soundcloud, yes.
Working on everywhere else as we speak.
it would be weird if you didn't.
I'm so sorry.
Starting to get caught up and see the light  the end of the tunnel :
Largest, heaviest, most expensive EBay auction.
Ever.
yeah, I made sure not to miss that!
Do you guys doctornk hot green tea?
I am gonna try it today.
I love u broo
Omg there's a black wasp in my house:
1 guy missing football....
Thanks for following!
it is May 17th, 2012 and it is 11:06 P.M.
well for me it is!!!!
Ten thousand hours is the magic number of greatness.
Lots of practice.
So, I am an expert for short selling stocks and markets.
Free promotion site url on my professorle.
.
Please follow me!
i'll follow back within 2 days :
Where Seattle lost this is in the final game of reg.
season at Chivas USA: Rosales should have never played.He could've unlocked RSL tonite.
Your gonna want this back.....
Thanks to all who came out the the reNEWBOLD launch and thanks to our partners for hosting!
Would enjoy Christmas lights year round.But then they would lose that specialness let them remind us all, JESUS is the LIGHT OF THE WORLD
Thanks!!
How's it feel to be a star???
xoxo
Multimedia content production is a generative process, a lot of checking in with all involved is important Bluecadet Interactive
Sounds fun!
how exciting!
Is your talk an open one...
I know people who would be interested in attending!
it does suck but it has it moments and I'm newly single cause I caught my gf cheating on me
damn oomf's avi look like trey songs with a beat up face .

The only crazy part is that the final playoff spot will be held by a team 5 games under .500.
Pretty pathetic.
Boehner looks like he's shooting eye daggers at the back of 's head
that's not nice.
If Your Mad At Me Or You Got Something Against Me Let Me Know, We Can Work It Out
Gets it RT : AVI could be a pseudoscary M.
Night Shyamalan movie that no one really understands.
Q2 I know everyone starts with teens, but we started with adults and it's been great.
Remember, if your job is customer satisfaction , your real job title is ProblemSolver  Brian Tracy
The moment of truth, guys!
GO BUY SHATTER ME BY !!!
sounds like a plan to me.
Positive/witty tweets are always welcome.
Good day everyone!!!!...
you're such an amazing inspiration!
Tweet us if ya need motivation!
XO
aka The Takeout Kings aka The Styrofoam Box Lords these idiots mad cuz we styling on em tee hee
hangin w/ my Auntie Corky for today : juss left Jamie's school after havin lunch w/ her for her birthday
RT A year after Eminem made that Chrysler 200 ad, sales of the car are up 800.
Don doctorper is smiling.
Sure!
Love it when you guys are available!
Worth every penny :
Why isn't there a 1 button on Google Places pages?
The American Society of Hematology launches Blood journal app
Laugh hard it's a long way to the bank.
what time are you free today??
Backstreet boys are back in arizona!
Booya!
so I read HungerGames in 2009 what's my next must read?
AP Econ party time!!
nope RONDO!
I just got a spam email from 1969.
im so hungry i want clock out already
I know.
What's up with the time change?
I had Trader Joe's spaghettio's.
I'm about to have a kashi hot cereal chaser, along with Zero Vitamin Water.
hi punk
Goin home from work :D Juzz wanna go to bed
did u guys have fun!!
Just want you to want me..
Eating in Thai Town in La!
3
St.
Louis Bound!
Derby Day, new Interstates track free.
How the hell did we end up like this ?
Yes so glad it's Friday.
Gonna clean my room and then wait for Austins ustream.
.
at : public sector servicedesign SWOT: want to do good, no is safer, own the market, have limited control
Finally got my iPhone back from my BF he told me I had to kiss him to get it back lol!
I love him!
So whtz up people?;
She said she will pay for my ticket to the zoo aww c':
Glad that I am not living on campus, especially after last nights riot...
The Mass Effect series might have the best voice cast ever.
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYBODY!!!
STAY SAFE AND KEEP IT 100!!
FRESH FOR 2012 AND TO MY GENERALS I LOVE YOU NIGGA TO THE END!!!
I did!
Interesting website.
Thank you.
hahah I'm willing to try anything
I think I need a brand name, and where did you get it?
I think that apple should just make command line tools for iOS dev so we can use decent editors
: in sounds from the way out is all I can muster right now.
RIPMCA GREAT ALBUM
TU 4 helping my doctoramcreate cherished memories and spiritual traditions www.holystable.com
Planning is in the works for the Cafe Bella Coffee outdoor Patio.
Details to follow.
Having Only One Option Is Never An Option.
Official Walking Dead episode review: omg.
Who the hell is 2 Chainz???
I've never heard of him and Justin is obviously a fan of him.
Awkward.
Bike ride on the Monon !
Looks good!
I highly recommend this class: RT Learn how to write an amazing Personal Essay and get it published w/ Taffy BrodesserAkner
Zing, Boom, Tararrel!
The Brewers are on their way!
Love the hashtag!
Made us smile!
your welcome :
So not in the mood right now
that's because 2012 is the year of yes
Good Morning!
Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century.
Marshall McLuhan
well then you knew that so why you put a ?
is awesome!
Thanks for yourfollow
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at
Thanks for leaving me when I really needed you, because of you I have problems trusting someone new.
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever?
3
Unfortunately today we will be in the studio but all took time to wish out moms the best mothers day
The ruche!
The ruche!
The ruche is on fire!
This day is going by slow as fuck!
I'm bout to take a early lunch lol
have no fear.
Packer fans are safe.
MySpace is on the comeback...
Good work, Timberlake  cronies...
thank you for being so caring and kind 3
can u send me info on HR347?
Plz..
Doing some final edits to descriptions for Globe Poster's etsy store.
Will launch tomorrow.
Get ready!
Nice first win Caps!!!!
Oh my god.
MY MIXTAPE REVELATION PLAYLIST HAS BE SET!!
ITS GONNA BE CRAZY!!
ITS JUST THE BEGINNING BUT THE END OF THE OLD MIXTAPE DAYS
Keep calm and eat all the Doritos tacos
Like interesting peeps?
Then
Cong.
Barney Frank on JPM losses: goes counter to the banks narrative blaming excessive regulation for the woes of financial institutions
You stay working out!
Good for you!
: I'm trying to increase my fitness  it is HARD.
Any tips?
Awewwwww RT : Man, I love my brother he got me here enjoying life....
Looking forward to meeting some people at PackExpo 2010 Oct 31  Nov 3!
Maybe I'll stop and talk to you!
I put 's tweets as my statuses on facebook, everyone likes them, that's how amazing they are, they take the words outta my mouth!
I hate getting blood work done 
great seeing you and meeting your terrific colleagues.
Only people under the age of 65 with no walker, in the movie theatre.
I was not prepared for all the President's Day sales!
Crap!
Aww you already down there ok?
What bar you at?
Lol
Maybe that's some Hollywood magic 21
Whoops.
It appears I did.
lol, yeah man...my gmail isn't working like everyone else's apparently from all the tweets im seeing, blah!
guitar shop that specializes in tube amps.
yes thank you.
get out of here.
Dying to live the story in my heart.
WhyYouAlways trying to copy my swag.When its TURNED ON!!!
The weather is perfect, wind stay away and let us play today!
k i did!
Poor Dirk trying his best to bring us back
It'd be nice if the good luck is contagious!
lol my bad it should say it now...does it?
It's a cautionary tale about what happens when you treat the NBA like it's an AAU tournament.
Tonight's writing session brought to you by Wanted Dead Or Alive.
Seriously.
Thank you
Subway station violin guy playing Peter  the Wolf is a wonderfully Upper West way to start your morning.
Well handle the OOH MediaBuying, while you strum the GoogleDoodle.
Unique marketing advertising ideas while you practice your licks!
World Peace on that WWE shit!
Clothes line n I was waiting for the leg doctorp n to the 3 count
have a great tour!
ArtFact: Sir Isaac Newton developed the first circular diagram of colors also called the color wheel in 1666.
that's awesome what a fantastic memory
That awkward moment when youve already said, What?
three times and still have no idea what the person said, so you just agree.
these decisions r wut makes life hard for men lol
Community space at the dome.
Gathered together with jhudc to discuss the wind and the architecture of the dome.
dat's rt....i feel ya but the circumstances made it how it is not neglect on me, nor do i feel any different about u.
Did you visit us at ?
Check our Facebook to see if you are one of our lucky winners!
You're welcome, HON!
From the ones I've seen, yours are creepy though  RT Lol I get the same shit for my tats
So appropriate after this day!
Lmao
It's also at Landmark Lanes...
soon to be everywhere!
RT is Wolski's the only place it is currently available?
that video was great but also made me realize how much I miss and will miss watching them play...
dayum
: Packing for spring break?
Don't forget the Crocs!
NOT!
I wear real gators and crocs not tourist gear!
OMG....the new activity column moves faster than the actual Twitter Timeline, LOL!
The Pound of Flesh column in my spreadsheet keeps converting to kilograms.
Suggestions?
what's the big cheese?
emailed community 2 connect on twitter...marketing is the key..do one thing every day to move to desired space.
www.itsartnotstuff.com peac3
just watched u guys..you both are hilarious.
Make my day!
try Spain or Milan, Spanish and Italian boys do anything for the sistas
haha I am on a diet and miss my soda !!
Dual contract with Impact and Bellator FC.
I'll believe it when i see it.
but i do remember the Joe Warren crosspromo
that's great!
what city?
audoctory's also serving in chicago with me.
i like it.
it's challenging but rewarding.
you?
Happy Birthday Charlie :
is following me!!!
Can't wait to be the butt of some wildly inappropriate jokes.
Uhhuh,huhhuh, huh
These 13 yr old girls asked for a picture with
thanks!
Happy new years
Haha you guys are crazy round here!
:
thank you!!!
8
President Obama spoke a lot of truth in tonights speech.
I didn't expect to hangout with someone tonight I never do l m a o
There is one Body/ChurchWe are the Body of Christ/ChurchWe being many are one body in Christ  LoveU
I had Amazon replace mine  send replacemt 2 diff addoctorss when my screen broke day b4 trip from west 2 east coast.
Give it a try.
I miss you too!!!
Muah!!!
Going back tonight.
Diz all I know!!
Hoax in the UK claiming McDonald's wouldn't serve people under age 18.
Is it possible they're more gullible than the USA?
Amazing!
thanks for sending me adorable Officer Oliver to write up my police report.
Studying: 1 I study.
99 Telling people I'm going to study.
now following spencer slow ass lol
I have SCaLE envy
Hey Your Rocket Man cover is incredible.
GonePsoriasis thanks for following me on Twitter!
hahaha!
So glad I'm not alone in my confusion!
I had to Google it to find out
He who lends a book is an idiot.
He who returns the book is more of an idiot.
Arabic Proverb
Thanks for that!!!
RT : Making delicious pizzas at
lol u hate for ESPN is gettn to Sip Bayless/ Lebron Hate levels
I got out of school before the seniors did and passed ALL my classes:
Dumbo notoriously racist filmone of the reasons it doesn't get brought back much into theaters.
Had a great day with my lil man.
Me too, they from Texas ;D and yeah it is overplayed.
I like Step Up and wish they could find a long term singer
for prom?!!
Spent two hours reading the morning papers, on paper.
Sheer pleasure.
Except all the news was depressing.
Many thanks!
I thought the same thing the other day lol
Can't wait to see Obama debate one of these clowns
Loving right now.
Love a good rant every now and then, and I agree 100.
AV guarantee...
We remove your viruses  for an additional 100 we guarantee you won't get another in the next year or we fix it for free.
Usf down 30, not a bad showing tho as we've had a lot of good possession.
Orlando fans and players can't keep it classy tho
Thx u friends/fans for support of my play w/Philip Baker Hall!
Appreciate your kindness  thx for enjoying my show!
newamericantheatre.com
happy bday ladies!
Kim, great to hear from you.
Would appreciate getting together this week while in LA.
What's the best way for us to connect?
it always is, never disappoints.
Don't tell the twit I got like three browsers on my phone!
Join Bank of Albuquerque for an Open House on Thursday, January 26th at 3900 Vassar NE.
2 sessions  11a1p or 5p7p
Wow, longest Sunday afternoon nap in a very long time!
Our care team can look into your issue.
Pls message them w/ details.
Thanks for choosing !
Found rocks in my Valencia Peanut Butter with Roasted Flaxseeds this morning.
Mark Martin still races.
Same era as Labonte
Can't wait until summer
Playing Legos with 3 yo son.
Just said 'good job mom, you're getting the hang of it'
Obama just F'ed himself.
More so.
But until then ur a taco bell chalupa.
I try to Follow back all my followers!!
Cuz I love 'em all!
Sorry if I haven't followed..I'm getting there :
Like, a tree is green, the sky is blue, firetrucks are red...objects.
Please tell me that was a fumble!!
WWW again!!!
nd im weird
Q from via twitter for TIN panel: how do u get public to participate in pub mtgs via twitter?
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Joseph Addison
I'm 100 positive is the single greatest reporter/badass/human on the face of this earth.
I love teens and write about them.
In novel, EVEREST OMG!, 2 boys, 2 girls climb Mt Everest as first allteen expedition.

Was able to get a 4 wheel doctorve rental to make it up to Sundance from SLC.
Snow storm is supposed to hit anytime.
how can we get s tour of the facility as well
Why do doctors make you make an appointment if they are going to just move you into a tiny dungeon for 30 minutes to wait for them?
When was the last time they beat LA in a postseason series?!
AW OK!
So tired but I will not sleep until I am blonde again!!
Good point.
To me, 'reality' happens during the weekend when I enjoy time with family.
Mondays are the 1st step back to reality.
omg yess!!
lol we need to party!!!
you now how to hang aha.
text me so i have your number
Dear Boyfriend, Please don't stop playing w/ my hair  whispering in my ear when you think I'm asleep.
It's the whole reason I pretend to be
Love vocal warm ups with Rodney Saulsberry!
Buzzed for the first time in ages...
Finally finished my homework and am turning it in.
Goodnight.....actually good morning.
no doubt.
but they must understand.
But folks like Hammer and JayZ will be doing just that.
We all no right from wrong when that Lil voice inside is saying U shouldnt do it  you dont feel right about it U might wanna listen to it!!
Follow us on over to the adaptivechat with , and
Today has been
Ok I thk its time to roll up n put some in the air.....:
Honor Roll swagger I keep it
great question.
Let me look into it.
: Carmelo Anthony playing BIG tonight.
uhoh, Knicks fans...
That means a sure loss for your team.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
From Lois Lane to Elle Woods:...
FoxNews Americas Newsroom anchor just said White House Speaker Boehner  showed photo of t WH.
Hope to see you at the reading and get you more information!
Thanks for posting to Facebook!
Prepping up the last few things for the MBA in Atlanta next week.
Looking forward to meeting people facetoface!
is making southwestern beef short ribs this weekend.
who is coming to dinner?
Thats awesome!
We really appreciate your business!
RT : Scorpio will always keep it real with you.
They couldn't be fake if they tried.
John John Shane Frankie and I
How bout those Rays?
Something about a man in black makes me want to buy a cadillac.
the were bruisers tonight.
So i got caught oops.
lol no video this time.
maybe next but i got plenty of pics and some video of others
lovehate love watching the masters , hate this blurred vision
Actsophia features include daily hardtofind castings, relaxation exercise, playback to help learn lines, full industry directory and more!
Not near a t.v.?
Watch me on KTLA.com starting  8 a.m.
for all the latest Murray updates.
How can I practice this damn scene when I always have to run and do something for this lady.
Only took and hour and a half to labl all the videos D: Now to figure out how to edit this thing!
Who gives a twit?!?
Open today at 3.
Good day for a beer.
Super Bowl Party Feb 5.
Crawfish,beer and a Giants win!!
I'm able to be on 360 an do social networking thanks to my NETGEAR router :
How are you???
As someone aspiring to transition from ID into UX, your WDX talk affirmed many of my thoughts re: my skillset.
I needed that.
Thanks!
spending COLD TUES PM making butternut squash soup  listening to Celia Cruz's Son Con GuaGuanco.
Mi piace molto quella puttana sexy.
WHO WANTS TO HANGOUT?
A big thanks this morning to
nope!!!
I wasted all my coins on buying you those diuretics.
I was worried that you looked so bloated lately batts eyes
healthcare for all now!
I'll edit them this week for you jared
tough break
woo hoo thanks for sharing, Michelle!
When you're honest with me.
Sunday I shall be singing, Morning has broken like the first morning .
.
.
Note to self: hoping a child pushes through a long day at Disney means Day 2  unpleasant.
follow me back pwease 
if you're inhighschool 
The Boyz are so much more attractive then the ones in my school lol
I know you are a ways away, but are you thinking of attending the comedy show this week?
dlhq who had a better game 2 Kobe or LeBron?
Who choked?
Hey , I'm writing about a fish taco blowout experience...reminds me of your burger blowout pet peeve...
Maybe its her big ass..
Or that great smile..
or her perfect eyebrows..
Oh I'm so envious.
Hahahaha just fucking kidding.
Bitch ugly af 
The bottom of the order really lacks intrigue when Inge is not playing
Hither the heroes and nymphs resort,To taste awhile the pleasures of a courtIn various talk th'instuctive hours they past,Who ga
or, that should be a question: wanna go sit in Tenochtitlan  cry?
no more Welker, now be Desean Jackson
yea u better kiss me back
Cancer needs comfort  home to succeed in business.
Trust and confidences are hard to gain but once granted you have an ally for life
ok so why is puppybowl and Animal Planet trending
I wonder why Elton John didn't wear one of his hats.
i heard tupac's killer was finally found
I'll be at work on the 30th, sure!
Email me!
Jingle Bells by , in the same vein as that Hello video...
We call them video ransom notes.
:
Why the F is my 6 pound toy dog snoring like an man right now.!
light kick to the end of the bed ah that's better
They cut my hair too short!!
I guess :/
I am really glad that Discovery is getting the attention it deserves today as it brought the space program back from two major disasters
S/O to for his directional skills..
hahaha, teach me, she must.
Working on a PRS Millenium doctorgon replica!
Lloyd Christmas, Cole Trickle, Brett Maverick, J2D2, John McClain, Tony Stark, Andy Dufrane or ....McLovin
Cycle City Promotions will add the WOMEN'S Class back into our schedue for all summer events.......
morefemalesshould make me a sandwich
Who Wonts A Text Because My Girl's Not Texxting Back /: ?
LIKE ;
: hit with my laptop.
.
she needs to calm down : You needa calm down sir!
.'
Meeting up with Tyga in Long Beach on May 24th.
Cali here I come baybeeee!!
I still forget if Cincinnati has double N's or double T's.
Let's all agree to never use the phrase gender roles again.
Dame not you again.
thank you!!:
Michigan baby
ha I'll never clean your sensors again
unauthorized game.
i hope real wolves eat you all.
RT goddamn giants you can't expect to convert 3 fourth downs.
no tweets yet?
cute dog!
ohmahlord.
Your professorle photo.
Haha, definitely woke me up this early morning
Thanks : too 
Remember when Manny did that phone commercial I thought it was adorable lol.
Thanks to our customers for scanning badges and delivering the product pitch to prospects at RSAC!
Speaks for itself.
Keep your head up and dont let the hater get you down
wanted to RT that to show you your New Glarus Spotted Cow was getting some love
thanks!
Will do!
Don't forget to check out www.StMongooseEnt.com!
Well I was just doing something for college so I wasn't even here ; but she's off to bed so no stress!
5/15Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Mike Burton
8 more days till school ends
Yea It Is, Idc who comes but my mama talm bout 1 invitation only takes care of 2 people so just let me know how many
yup me too...this is my last box!
do u remember me vic?
I love you so much  you are so sweet and amazing!
i really really admire you, wish i could be YOU
Before I met  learned a bunch of Scottish words, I never knew what to call weather like this, when it's raining doctorariness
My 3 year old nephew is going around checking people in this restaurant.
Lol
Be warned the smell of jerk chicken is about to start floating down Short Vine!
We are grilling out by the street!
Tonights half time show is the fireworks.
damn 10 so early
Does anyone know when the rest of the roster joins in for training camp?
I miss watching harry potter every Friday night with 
Listening to Georgia on my mind by Ray Charles on a loop.
Love.
Love.
Love!
Everyone tweet telling him to repost his Nashville cover!
3
Oh hay.
:D It's Ashley, i'm going to Leaky.
Shoe nice ?
Who is that ?
And why does he call himself a nice shoe ?
Waiting for to get picked up in this doctorft.
He would blast double all of these guys to their backs.
how funny was doctornk marshall lol
Can't believe there are people who enjoy That 70s Show.
hahaha you ought to here my new title at tech art.
Its actually still in the works..
But it'll be epic
//So...If anybody has tickets to see Taylor swift in concert in Texas...I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN.!!!
Thanks for your help re: the eichmann videos!
Helped older woman w/ boot and cane onto curb.
She says, This fucking shit is pissing me off.
Hope you had a great time at the Business Social!
SUinNYC RT : Great syracuse event tonight!
It's at AOL, 395 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94306.
The site was right, we fixed eventbrite.
Thanks for the heads up!
oh man.
Awesome.
I know a lot of bad lawyers w/fancy websites.But experience is what matters.If you need the best defense in sandiego call me 6196929001
IT'S THE BEST.
I LOVE FRIENDS.
I LOVE SHARKS
trying to stay awake
I see you everyday...
Wana do blackfriday right?
Shop online  let the crazies have at it..lmao!
Readin sum these posts..Im scarred!
Ha!
I know, my mom is sweet!:D
follow me trying to at least get up to 130 followers.....nd if you get me there i will luv you 4eva
Sunshine just snuck into my window.
Makes me think of summer and antiglare screen protectors :
the professorssor is a wealth of knowledge.
his lessons contain the wisdom of the ages.
i dont even know this person and this is still my favorite prom picture, ever.
Shout Out to our Horns.
Awesome game today.
Retrain Tip: Alright NOLA clients.
Mardi Gras is over.
No excuses.
Get up, get moving and put that smile on your face.
Have a great day!
It's so funny how 6 months before elections Obama's views are suddenly evolving on gay marriage.
Yall are gonna be so dissappointed
I agree n honestly its nt worth talkin about cuz its pointless..
Im thru wit it n I.dnt want it to.come uo no mo...
Ready for them Dirty Birds...cheesehead, not cheese steak.
ok so tell me about the results youve seen with taking the cod liver?
its messing with my tummy a lil :
Badgers Justin Schultz named Hobey Baker top 10 finalist
Good Morning Peoples!
TGIF!
RIP Ms.Judy gone but NEVER forgotten ; i love yu!!
Who doesn't love lip chap!!!?
Come on people lol.
Mars  Saturn meet: focus your efforts or strain against resistance, patiently propel yourself or fight to move forward
Last Friday
Did I just woke up from a doctoram where I thought I had 4 papers due in less than 24 hours and I totally forgot about that?
Yes.
Yes, I did.
Thank You Chula
in the studio results will amaze people
What's that dangling between Elise's legs??.
they say i look very depressed these days.
okay, time to chin up!!
depressed no more!!!!!!!!!
oh guess what i dyed my hair red!!!!
It was to cute nd my date arent riding in the limo but we will meet yall at omars
oh wow I had no idea about that!!
Well I'm glad it was smoothed over.
And nah I don't hate u or anyone for that matter!
Just shy
Stupid bitch!
HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO WAIT AFTER THE HEARING?
I HAVE BEEN IN THE DARK.
I AM GOOD AT FILLING OUT FORMS AND I CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER HOW
Iowa State coming out of the gates strong!
Thanks for all the new follows guys !!!!!
MidTowns Hot Spots Lees Art Shop,The Burger Joint,Paley Center, All Phenomenal!!!
i need fallowerss:
The lifespan of an effective teacher is extended via the success of his/her students.
Our pleasure.
: : : Thank you for the followback too!
Talk soon!
Power is officially restored as of last night after 4 nights of complete darkness.
What a sick joke Irene has been!
Re NI: Ugh!
Was hoping the first incident wouldn't snowball.
get you a Pour Some Sugar On Me shirt yet?
I would be all over that.
Might try and find one in fact.
Wisconsin Sports  Winners.
take out mcroberts....period
Sending love and energy to and the rest of teambios  you can do it!!
Being successful should be just as important as breathing!
Bill Walsh
Should be sleeping, but Donald Glover comedy special made me laugh myself awake.
Love leo forever.
it raining men??
let go and some fat bitches
I'm a rare bird  I involuntarily switched from mac back to pc.
It's like trying to breath air underwater without a scuba gear.
heard its unbelievably beautiful, have a safe flight
Waiting in line at Second City because I like comedy, not because Jason Seagull is here or something
Meeeeh.
Someone should talk to me.
Meeting space needed for you next meeting?
why?
What does someone have to do to get fired?
Kelsey xoxo
This series will be way different, but definitely helps they had that slugfest vs.
your boys.
OH a parent at practice: All we ask is that you listen and do your best.
Love it!
agree.
i think that this further proves that competition is a really good thing.
they may not have seen these benefits w/o andoctorid
Thanks for the tease.
Too much anxiety in my body I can't even handle it!!
Microsoft DJ DJ Uses A MacBook Pro To Play Tunes At Microsoft Store Opening
Love it Get rid of the HEAD TRASH!
Hadn't even considered the preservation issues surrounding cell phone videos before this week.
Hey Katrina  The Waves, you can't walk on sunshine.
Knock it off!
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch.
Is that true fr everybody?
Or just poetic bullshit.
Thank you and you, also!
follow back:D
spring break this week p way to be early!
Lol
Interesting how the second most attractive and least attractive are hellbent on firing the most attractive.
Groove Function Studios!
were directors, producers, writers come together and create art!
By actor Pablo Nunez
Yeah Giants!!
Congratulations!!!
Its seagrams doe u want dat??
Thanks for the invite.
jerk.
I bet you know who came...
I would be surprised if you remembered who i was talking about.
lol
Lots of time on the CTA means lots of tweets.
Edzo's is delicious and that milk shake was worth the stomach ache and inflamed sinuses.
Watching the avengers with my lovely cousins thal, and yna.
cant wait to skype u
our next Tix are for the Rangers in July.
We are looking for games coming up.
Let us know what games work for u and we are in
Good Morning my Sweet Sisters!
Anyone else on this morning?
i looooooooovve you
seasons greetings erg monster.
Everyone laughs at me because I doctorss differently, but I don't care, at least I don't pretend to be somthing I'm not
nice fat sack o' mail!!
Congrats on all the orders : Do you still have any heman posters or did you sell out already??
yes ma'am 3
thanks so much for the RT!
Time to eat!
Up early with alot on my mind
It isn't the only difficulty, but the interaction with the game is part of our algorithm.
i'm getting there....
I hope is happy.
at night i will be what?
Lol sleep
It's cold af!!!
Where's my call!!
.
Wass good my ppl long time not on thiz :
yeah, well...
You know how I do.
Follow me on the web  www.patrickscatering.com
Ash has another audition Thursday!
Busy audition season this year!
: 
I can't say enough good things about scar therapy.
Circulatory System?
im seriously thinking about it, I love this state
did I just see lebron with a mavericks hat and tshirt on?
I hate myself for letting you slip away again:
So I'm late to the party on this whole Sarah Phillips thing.
Somebody tell me everything in 140 characters or less at a time.
Oh, wow...
Chen, you look...
really, really, really, really attractive.
Like, damn.
Good Morning!
Take time to invest in YOU today.
You are worth it!
hm...
I think I need to teach you how to doctorve faster.
I'm a racing instructor, you know.
shout out to all the people at the show tonight.
check out
I didn't see you!!
Have an amazing Birthday!
lesssssgoooooooo.
Call me!!
I dm u my number!!!
Going to McDonalds for salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
rocking the high socks tonight.
Ravens lost a heartbreaker yesterday
Notice they didn't say best, just favorite  yes ccleaner, revo uninstaller etc.
are all great and I use them too
I Love Ariana Grande so much.Ariana you're my Inspiration please Follow my Role Model please tweet Me Iam an Arianator Forever ArianaGrande
There's 5 calories in a teaspoon of semen.
Can I get u a 100 calorie pack, miss?
no bandwagon dumbass lol...
Im a vol fan..
Naturally i followed peyton..
Also not a true fan fuck the colts without him lol
makin this spring break awesome!
not much, just finishing my homework.
you?
Just learn an agglutinating language.
Then you can say entire sentences in one word.
Thnx for the follow!
Boom!
have you voted yet?
www.944.com/picks
the joys of being a kubball fan.
Ugh.
Hoping for a better second half.
I talk to you cause you're my bestfriend, and wifey.
c:
That took FOREVER.
now time for rehearsal 
yeah.
Hoping to get some spinning in tomorrow.
can you follow ?:
Just for the record, prochoice does not mean proabortion.
I am brochoice.
Rise and Grind World
I'm WOW'd!
in Deer Park.
Our waitress Amber is awesome!
Haven't had this kind of service at a restuarant in a while!
Looking for web designer with HTML  CSS.
Contract to hire.
Start out working from home!
Email for deatils:
geez oh whiz....girlie girl...what are we going to do w/you and me...the klutz's of the world...oh gee....well as long as ur ok
you wanna know a secret?
....you don't know you're beautiful!
accomplished today: cool promo items for a soontolaunch project.
nefarious plans for the Choose Your Own Adventure style discussion forum.
Told my grandma I would doctorve cause well I get scared every time she does

Selfrespect is the cornerstone of all virtue.
John Herschel
I don't know where my motivation went.
This needs to change now.
Life...
Not for everybody
Till then I stay strapped, Trojan Magnum on my waist, stay cocked.
Q1 Should a student ask about support and opps for student entrepreneurs when they visit campus?
Did you know that from received his Masters Degree at the age of 22?!?
it's 1/2 price pizza night!
mention CROSSFIT215 and receive 1/2 off your choice of our quattro formaggi, spicy ham or broccoli misti pies
thats so pretty
For sure, doctorp me a line at and we can figure it out
Not Ben Jonson and gunpowder!
really?
hm.
Welcome in advance to Houston!
When will you arrive to our fine Texas city?
I must have missed it
It's almost time to start working on the COMinaDay video.
If you haven't done so already, please turn in your footage ASAP!
Hello, Detroit Rock City!
Our set at Paychecks Lounge is at 8:15.
Okay Joshua just made me throw the remote at him in disbelief.
Best performance of the night or ever!!!!!!!
Me: Do you want to go to work with me?
JT: No, all you do there is WORK.
It's not fun.
Work is HATEFUL.
She Just Wanna Fuck Me  Take My Money 
Just getting in from Day 1 of catering a 3 in a row booking May the Turkey Gods be with us!
Cain, Long, Kardashian, R.
Studdard  no wonder there are a lot of pessimistic views about marriage nowadays.
Well that just backfired for the jaguar front office.
Ouch.
TRUTH.
I've probably made more off my poetry than 99 of all poets.
Mission accomplished?
I miss you soo much
I'd say AP, J Charles, McFadden, McCoy, Sproles that catch rating and agility is out of control!
Andoctorw Saxon Bell
Congrats Kim on your wedding to Robert Irvine!
same here :/ Plus Im alonee now.
The Question Bridge Project will open its exhibition  the Brooklyn Museum
jus order the full black puma outfit for christmas and im ordering the orange with the money i get
No more breakfast with 
So I've been up for 1O hours watching The Lying Game ..
Omg I love it !
Never been so sad in my life.: roses are red violets are blue,nobody has ever hurt me like you
Dindin with in la ;
Life w/out Salsa dancing would B a HUGE mistake; so WE have U covered.
Visit us at For class schedules, and events.
has their speed reminded you of women's basketball?
IMO WhiteHouse speaker appears very defensive re: view EU affords greater privacy and cybersecurity protection than  US.
: I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not to get one word answers.
oh.
JCOF keep an eye!
you can't spell article...
not a good show
Patrik Svensson from the speaking Young Research Library right now!
Tough call...
those are my 2 favorite food groups!
I'd like to kick you in the teeth,You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
Bitch!!!!
Couldn't possibly disagree any more with you than I do.
MLB loses 1 case and cans the independent arbitrator?
one day!
Lol I hope
Until this afternoon
please follow me!!!!!
Kudzu being called out for growing a foot a day, terrifying.
Basically the same as that Triffid/tomato plant I'm growing back in Austin.
Hope to see on this project.
This dude is ridiculous with the pen...
If you don't know, now you know.
Marx: item attributes crucial to improving the analytics created in the ReaderLink system
Brendan Erickson of delivering a ton of useful CRE tech info...
and giving us a shoutout!
that cheap?
That's nice!
How was it, Ryan ?
:
Talbot is hard to watch...
Almost like Carmona but nothing is that painful
Preach it!
Thoroughness, Accuracy, Fairness, Independence, and Transparency don't require a press pass.
Thanks Carol.
How was your day?
; I will view it this weekend.
Aloha.
Every time I hear a Chinese person talk it reminds me of Sims.
I think it's the same language.
Still waiting for the first person in my TL to say Russ should stop shooting.
Damn, my 8th grade Math teacher died today...
Finished fan tastic mister fox.
Starting wishing for tomorrow by Hilary mckay
Your competitors are sometimes your biggest assets.
At least Kevin Gregg doesn't play for us
2010 is alright so far.
Good luck to you this year.
a very short and sweet statement.
oh good, I was worried.
it looked bad.
Here at MBA Sphere HQ, we've been a little lax in our updates.
Sorry and we promise to engage in much more dialogue...
If you live in myrtlebeach I'll be at comedycabana this week tuessat.
Come out or listen to me on Tommy and Abbi Wednesday and Friday
This weather's perfect for curling up with a good book!
Any recommendations for a great rainy evening read?
Your wife brought the word great yesterday!
That message is much needed!
tuedy you have to be one too!
If I didn't have plans to party with some sailors later, I would so call it a day.
Can Everyone Involved In This Justin Bieber doctorma Just End It  Stop Cyberbullying?
Why Can't Everyone Just Get Along And Be Peaceful?
: xx
If someone in a related business is launching a new website or product, let your followers know
more art fairs and local galleries would be great!
In addition to protecting our national interests, we must take the leadership in protecting the common interests of humanity
/funnyrelevant
So all these dumb asses saying dumb ass boosie out don't they know he still doing 8 years for doctorgs dam people are dumb
You're our 100th follower!
Thanks for helping to get us to this point.
Stay posted for updates.
I guess I'll be perpetually stuck at 11.04 then, unless they bring back classic ui in 12.04
Yeah right a doctorp in the bucket.
If banks do such good business why do they constantly need bailed out w/ taxdollars?
it's probably not the Bacon that's keeping his weight up.
Rest of diet is likely industrial food industry junk.
very sad.
Watched as much as I could.
Indeed!
RT : Awesome, one of 's clients hit 300,000 Likes today.
We'll be doing a little celebration 
Gus Johnson going CRAZY on the Big Ten Network NOW!!
Waiting for to come pick up all the whore who rent rooms here.
I think they stopped in the room for a quickie
night :c 3
i remember when he had 50,000 followers  i remember when he made his first utube video been here since the start love you 3
Thank you!
Hope you keep enjoying :
local6 Breaking NEWS: Orlando Police Chief Val Demmings retired after just 3 years as chief.
The 1 way you can improve as a coach is toReward Desired Effort  relentlessly!
You get what you reward!
You have no idea how much fun it is to speak English in a doctorg store until you live in a place where English just doesn't get you very far.
thanks for the follow misterifeStyle.
Keep doing what you do brother.
no I wasn't!!
Nasty!!
And thanks for telling everyone I smell like mayo!
Even Damian called me it now!!
:
We are already kinda built into the research life cycle.
no cake for me?
It's my bday in a week!!
can you send me some sun, please?
Its rainy  cold here!
:
I didn't read it, but read a synopsis and some reviews.
Sounded...
like I made the right choice.
Unfortunately, I can still see this team going on a long losing streak.
You still have to score runs to win baseball games.
why are you sad
Heading out to for birfday fondue!
Funny descriptor but not too funny if it hit something!
Classic breaking the couch by standing on it x
there's about 30 cases where that came from.
My Godfather's barn will thank you for taking it away.
The munchkin says CWL is fiesty!
Out of the mouth of babes!
We're going to be in need of some volunteers for the event.
If you're down for it, let me know.
GoodAdvice  CDC: Supervise young childoctorn at all times around fall hazards, such as stairs  playground equipment, at home or out to play.
Torn about manager candidate.
So important that they be Bar Louie.
Need to remember, we're the keepers of the brand, tough call
ok sounds good ima be looking to buy it in the week or so ..
thanks man can you dm me your phone 
Nothing concludes a long run and hard gym workout like a Saturday night glass of champagne.
Except maybe the oysters and steak to follow.
we love that Irish pub.
Great place for a
lmbo well if you feel that strongly you probably should
If you wish to take this is your right.
But there are millions of people that don't share your opinion.
You cannot force yo
Just had breakfast with , 's new New Media Director...
adding tons of value already.
Thank Em!
definitely has balls.
Sounds like he'll be living it up in style this summer.
Cheers!
Your BFFs
sorry to hear about your dad
much too full of resentment
Sum niggas hate me sum chicks don't like me o damn well I'm me an I'm happy so fuck off with your opinions.
Arod and his small unit meaures up again..
Fuckyouyankees!!
Bing on the steers n queers!!!
Work gives me crazy hours for months now I have none
It's alright beasts and shebeasts...
can't win 'em all!
We'll get the cards tomorrow!
When all Americans can get the same health care as our elected reps, I may start to take them seriously.
in re: to Allen West...what about Obamas Pastor  his repulsive comments on America!
It's a total double standard
Big Ten Network playing the 2009 final 4 game between uconn and MSU at ford field.
One of the best sporting events I've ever been to.
For those who didn't get to party with us last night , come check out tonight's show !
your the best and most favorite
who are you taking psych with?
Over protective much?!?!
Rage blackout.
SongOfTheDay 's Rainy Day :
I miss having in the studio in the mornings.
Tazing people in the wx office and such
I have to take my AP US history exam tomorrow and a good luck tweet would be awesome.
:
I'm about to wake him up and say Tooth Fairy came so the money fall to the back of the bed.
My honors students just left me!!!
Waaaaaahhh!!!!
dude.
I feel like the curtain doesn't match the doctorpes.
Where's all the wine investing stuff?
Awesome Game!
Pryor who?
Braxton Miller delivers!
Go
Distant hills look green.
Who is going to see Prince in LA?
.
says study looks at research transformation for all historians, not just those who identify as digital historians.
dailyfeedback Sharon Needles of Pgh has won Rupaul's doctorg Race!
Songs that refer to QUEENS.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Girls with smelly hair chemicals 
3 new Sherlock episodes a year is seriously not enough!
Man, I've been on the phone with my daughter for like an hour!
And the weather's so nice and all...
Kind words are like honey sweet to the soul and healthy for the body Proverbs 16:24 NLT
Lesson learned tonight: I know it was someone from Twitter.
But other than that, I have got to be the worst Sherlock Holmes ever.
Its good to do uncomfortable things.
Its weight training for life.
Anne Lamott
shutting my phone off.
can't deal with this shit anymore.
good article on how Trutanich can't get his story straight, thanks for heads up!
If those smelly kitties overpower the house, call us!
We are pet odor specialists
who broke into their home at about 2 a.m.
last week, tormented a family, sexually assaulted the mother and her daughter, 10,.
where is Rupp arenas will call window at?
liber 2011 Now, Tanja de Boer, KB.
KBs strong digital ambitions: Access to everyone to everything published in and about the Netherlands.
mixing down final tracks
I'm in awe of God's love for me!
How He expresses it thru others...I'm truly overwhelmed!
It makes you take a step back  fall back down to earth  reality  really;genuinely appreciate what you do have
Its a hard choice because I love all Tim Burton movies, but I would say Edward Scissorhands
Another new song idea developed on the ol acoustic.
I sense a pattern ;
yea..
Anthony told me..what days n time?
i know it's not yet FF, but heck, I'm shameless...NEW TWITTER needs followers...check it!
Somehow not tweeting for a year and a half hasn't adversely affected my life....why am I starting again now?
Had to create an invisible mouse cursor to trick captainvate
Happy St Patrick's Day!
Irish architect James Hoban designed one of the best known buildings in the world  the White House.
The first requisite of success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem without growing weary.Thomas Edison
and if it goes bad with Melanie we could always say April Fools!!
Lol
all i need is a large bottle of vodka and i can make it through this day.
just began reading A Night Without Armor I am so inspired by your poems Thank you.
:
amen to that.
Oh my GOODNESS.
crazy!!
Highly esteemed among men is an abomination.
noone anywhere works in a vacuum...outside influences affect us all
Instead, try the GGcoolgenerated associative thesaurus.
For yours, I offer mastaba, mister.
Mester, matcha, and mastodon.
Seriously!!!!
I hate it.
There is no way I'm gonna be satisfied with how this ends......
I must be a bad student...the only thing I remember from Felix Dennis is If it floats, flies, or fornicatesrent, don't buy.
Love it!
Really?
Say not so!
EVERYONE IS BEAUTIFUL...Except for Elana Kagan.
Who really just looks like Kevin James.
RT : the actual file  folder structure helps us understand meanings of a text
Dear Pinterest, Thank you for bringing the art of homemaking back.
Love, Nicole
Blasting Music 3:
about to start cleaning her office...good times.
Happy weekend!!
So excited I get to work at Habberstad Mini today in Huntington!!!
Thanks
I work in the corp offices and it's the 5th largest employer in Phoenix.
We create our own traffic.
It's insane.
imessage is apart of iphone 4 right?
:
Yay i get to bowl with my own ball and shoes!
ThingsIDoWhenImdoctornk first the shirt comes off, then the pants.
before you know Im naked doing helicopters in the front yard
High fives are the best.
BN Now Selling Nook Tablet 8GB for 199 and Nook Color for 169
Minecraft Union Tshirt
I'm so pooped !!
I can barely move a muscle...
I'm finna get some good sleep on this bus
Im so sore!
Im never working out with my brother again.
I have finally figured out the focus on the Canon 7D.
Focus on everything you DON'T want in focus and MAYBE 1will be sharp
THAT was a good long walk.
And also more evidence I'll go a decent distance to recycle
I'm in Bertha mode.
be safe and watch out for the pigs
Thunders whooping that ass!
Glad you got value from my presentation, Trudy, and I hope you enjoy my book!
Let me know if you have any questions.
We now offer 'Lunchsage' special: 29 for 30min massage  Classics Malt Shop meal delivered while you relax.
Lunchtime is for YOU  enjoy!
Stayin your seats and not sneaking up is for the birds and suckers yemsg awesome
guess what?
Got me an IPad!
My wife is incredible!
happy birthday to your son!
he said i dont care i think
on tumblr xP
when will LabRats come out?
:
moms are the best!
Congrats Brian!
RT : Thank you to everyone who came to our first dinner service last night.
Looking forward to many, many more!
Cleveland Browns Take Trent Richardson and Brandon Weeden in ...
Anyways ...
That movie was very intriguing I was glued to the screen
spent all last week hanging with my cousin from across the pond.
Watched Amir Khan sparring and now back to work and music!

Good aint good enough, and your hood aint hood enough.
Spend my whole life putting on, you spend your whole life putting up.
why hello twitter, welcome back into my world
The pussy is waiting in the bed....my cat sleeps at my siide
I could've gotten away with a quiet birthday, too, if it wasn't for you meddling kids....
What is this?
I'll join in on the fun too I love you!
Hahahaha!
I'm your biggest fan.
I'll follow you untill you love me.....or follow me.
:D
It's kind of funny that the boy I like is totally opposite to any of the boys.
HELL YEAH...LOL!
glad you liked the fencing today on espnu!
.
polling the audience on fan fiction groups in their schools or communities.
Laughter is an instant vacation.
okay thanks so much !
:
its not bad it's young !
lol
I'm using Google now.
I like it a lot.
hey!!!!
How are you!
Miss you fam!
Any guesses at the Knicks' offensive efficiency mark tonight?
I haven't run the numbers, but how about a 79pts/100 poss?
Crappy enough?
Don't care about sports too much...
But GIANTS all the way tonight!!!
Chemistry Joke are sodium funny.
followGiftedchic y'all and I will def follow u rite back ;
Hockey playoff time
Cuddling  Kissing  Biting  Licking  Sucking  Nibbling  Grabbing  Eating  Stroking  Moaning  Nutting  Eating  Sleeping.
hey whats up?
Balsamic vinegar, bread and butter pickle juice, oregano, basil, and spicy brown mustard makes a great dip for Campo De Montlban cheese.
Today was great, my shoulder didn't hurt at all, and I actually throw faster :o sucks it's too late to join :/

Where ever you go there you are.
OMG!!!
mona is a bitch i new it
So done putting my all into things then getting hurt
Happy mothers day to all you m.i.l.f.'s out there....
; jk..
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY.
Enjoy your day...
RT Checking out some new Twitter services.
Ping.fm is good for social automation, Tweetlater.com is good for setting up RSS 2 post
Spent last week working with our newest client, Peoples Flowers in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Awesome folks!
With props to Whitlock??
i would be happy to help with that.
Have a safe trip.
Believing you will be successful is just the beginning of the sport  Iroxy Smith
I nurse, and could totally see it being hard to be prego and continue doing so.
Go easy on yourself.
It's alot take on.
Huge Poker Tournament Tonight at 6PM!
Win a Trip to Vegas.
Special:Turkey Sandwich on honey wheat w/ chipotle mayo  swiss
check 04/15/2011 Washington post online article for blasting ryans claims.
3 of companies filing as indies are 'small businesses'
I think I've reached the acceptance stage of grief regarding sleep deprivation.
My being tired is now a fact of life.
Hey Everyone!
Be sure to watch Texas AM take on Northwestern in the Meineke Car Care Bowl of Texas on ESPN  11am CST/noon ET.
arvo2010: Evaluation of Enhanced OPI; Using Computerized Video Tracking of Tear Film Break Up for...
Endoctor Angjeli , May 4, D963
Anxious about my interview today.
Pray for me everyone please.
Thanks
are you gonna try and win too?:
Nice job jockabros!!!!!!
Exhausted, but can't sleep
thanks for the RT!
lmao uk what fuck the tweet and they symbol pussy!
I love u and miss you too!!!
Im sorry that im out of town this weekend but I promise ill make it up to you!!!
loveyoulots!
A BFElvisFactoid  today in 1961Elvis Presley recorded Can't Help Falling in Love.
u knw were there bro
We're too young, this is never gunna work.
That's what they say, your gunna get hurt.
But I know something they don't, I love you so much3
aw lls i did too
I love reconnecting with old friends
Just had a little photo shoot for the Escape Reality EP cover.
It looks so cool!
The Unofficial Smithers Love Song 
Next time you think of beautiful things, don't forget to count yourself in.
:
tweet about what to do during the test?
The LA Metro subway is the new insane asylum..
goog but overpriced...
;
will be relocating new family to SF on the 1st of March.
Intense!
Long run in short sleeves.
As good a day as you can get in January.
the mind of a child is wild and free, what is your mind like?
I'm about to go on MLK and sell waters
was just going to email you.
You won yesterday's cookbook.
Send me your addoctorss
RT : No.
We tell the truth via lies RT : Fiction writers are just liars who lie in a socially acceptable way.
And any player who gets on should immediately attempt a steal
i kno u old school lol u said bugaboo
Good morning!
why cant every boy be like my 5 boys from
We're nearly at
This RT : Libra motto: Have class or go home.
use your iCloud!
Backs up automatic so u don't need to deal with the chaos...I can't stand it and I run one!
Methinks you should share this homemade sweet tea recipe with the twitterverse.
RT Thank you.
As an attorney and a white woman whose son the world considers black, this case is so interesting to me
How's your mommy?
:
dude just change your name!
No, I take it back.
You got an awesome name.
the heart knows, what the heart knows.
If it feels right, do it!!
You don't want any regrets!
Impressive since its way more fun running in June,July,Aug when it's nice out.
Radelet: Through the Cold War, the US and USSR supported the worst dictators.
The end of the Cold War brought political change to Africa.
Tryin 2 find free wifi on youre block SUKS but i seem 2 have a weak signal now ,,hurray ,as reliable as a china made product though
RT if you love
all.the.time.
RT : Heins trying to segment the market into BlackBerry People and smartphone users.
Sad to hear about the death of MCA.
Best of luck to the rest of the gang going forward.
He LicensedToIll for sure.
RIP Man
Have a mind for disaster preparedness?
Involved?
Tell us what you do to prepare yourself, your family, and your community for disasters
Sportscenter's not showing enough Dan Jenkins Golf HoF induction speech hlghlights
The payback is the weather this weekend.
Sunny skies, highs around 70.
Pollen will get rough, but take your meds  enjoy the sun.
Milwaukee weather : Low 66F  high 76F Cloudy.
GRIND coffee temp.
: Low 130F  high 190F Sunny.
Oh well, we tried..
thanks, love.
Congratulations to lucky fan Nicholas La Forgia you won 2 tix to the Rangers Playoff Game Saturday!
Check your DMs for more info!

I Don't Look Like Wtf?!?
Without it lol
chillin and u punk xp:
Solid!
What's your major field of study ?
If you ever think you should save and quit just to be safe during your minecraft session, do it.
Tonight's progress, lost :
that's good : your in college right?
Listening to Kings of Leon new CD.
Wow, nothing out is better.
sorry to hear
Dear Annoying People, I know it's your job and everything but it's almost Christmas can you please take work off this month Love Aggravated
im kinda allergic to crab, so im gonna take your word for it.
the amanda show
You really look younger.!!!!!!!
It would be awesome if Nagamura had a twitter, would like to welcome him to KC
I just mentioned Taylor in a chorus that I wrote.
Shhh...
Top Secret  Unfinished :
my play is 2day!!!
Wish me goodluck plz??
I love u 3 :
Sorry I haven't been on for awhile, I've just been really busy
You looking for mister Right in the wrong places.
She expects me to wake up at 3 and she aint even ready?
Fuck thiiiisss.
isn't going to give you a negative view?
There were no shortage of racist comments in '08 and he's president now.
lmaoooo!
Had to just throw it out there OneTime !
It's been a min!
Chapter 2012 Page 30 of 366 Speaking those things that are not as if they already are..Really works!
headed to
Attended grand opening of Highpoint Healing and Wellness, clinic doctor Valencie Exceus specilaizing in Accupuncture  Chinese Herbal Medicine
The Snap, Crackle, Pop in Rice Krispies.
applebee's and hanging out with gabe until time for work at 5 :
It's 3:30 and I'm hearing thunderclaps, right on schedule.
Rains are coming in like clockwork every day.
rainyseason in
My boy is 20 at wrestling meet today
Putting cream on after I shower is religion
Speaking as a geeky girl TOTALLY LIKED the show!
Here's to the Walking Dead as a lead in!
Now it is time to get back to reality y'all.
Got a lot of work to get done by Monday evening.
Goodmorning everyone
Can't wait to listen to the show today!!
Check us out It's War by G.A.S.
Whatever!
Imagine all the stuff you can get done!
I'm good fam!
Its good to hear from you.
I might be out in SF visiting fam later this summer.
Maybe we can catch up and build.
and hey shipmates good to at least be here w/ya.
I can't believe I bought 6 inch heels.
Its the 13th anniversary of the down town Clarksville tornado...
lets hope history doesn't repeat itself!
I'm the only one in my immediate family not in Utah.
RT : .
are keyboard shortcuts really that difficult to implement?
Happy bday to former STL Blue Wayne Gretzky!
Thx for the heads up
FUCK and I sold her vinyl like last week!
Got my car out of the doctorveway!
:D
I got like an hours worth of work on the outside...Then workshop lockdown!
thanks.....was a blast as usual
Next stop..
Bayside!
Going to see Lauren!
College football makes everything OK.
NFL doesn't do it for me like it used to.
My phone is at 12 I refuse to leave this couch
Sucks that I am a power seller and can't log in to my account.
When I call eBay they can't tell me why.
Excellent.
Super.
What's everyone doctornking tonight??
When you replace your car window, all of your neighbors will come up and tell you a better method and cost you hours of time.
hashtag you never want to have to use.
RT
I plan on remaining in complete denial that's 30 rock will ever end
Someone with video editing skills and access to NBA footage should make a JaVale McGee goaltending highlight reel at years end
Lookbook has some amazing creative fashion but the captainons don't make sense
She can't say no if her head is missing 
I'll believe with you.
check your DM
trying to get into the senior lipdub as a sophomore because yolo
Hi!
My name is Kate.
Collections Management Assistant from Tufts Health Sciences Lib!
RT RT : Attack on Marine Life Protection Act MLPA loses in SD court.
Thanks 2AG bit.ly/puDptf
how is this really any different than what us black people went through in the 60's, equal rights for everyone
oh: will firespinning show up on a polaroid?
It's been a while since I have tweeted with this account!!:
yes!!!
please do!
Tminus 10 minutes.
Are you kidding me?????
saw you at wanted to grab you to show you my clothes!
cant find you now.
booth 327!
What's ur plan?
Where's ur 'blueprint'.
U show me a house that was built w/o a blueprint  and I'll show U a mess!
lol GET ORGANIZED!
He's my best friends now :
with enough wine anything is possible!
Thanks for the invite.
Just got back from the river.
I find it hilarious it's clearly taped in Sept.
in So Cal when it's like 95 degrees out.
They should tape in So Pole : 
I just did a huge Industrial VO for a client in China.
In addition to my occasionally incorrect pronounciation, I'm sounding like Alf
You know you've sold out to The Man when at any point in your day wearing pants is NOT optional.
We just got our stickers and they look great!
Thanks for the follow MONdoctorGON Corp.!
:
hahaha....in the studio...
Someone play doctorw Something with me, please.
Zera3 
Q: If money needed for reelection is the root of congress problems, why just attack money?
What about term limits, too?
How come when you hear about what ppl said about you, you never hear it from the person who said it????
that is a great one  thanks so much for sharing
On a ghost tour!
Tehe
needs to work with online tv stat crew for right score and time
I love you...
oh look, I'm still here!
I missSKCsomuch that I started chanting you can't do that to my dog when she tried to eat my shoe
she's good, she just got back from DC on wed.
we good.
What bout u  Q?
Carlos is more precious than a little child.
:
Alive n healthy
wait, someone already did that in min hahahaha!
Alexandoctora Fox in Dupont Circle!
First play in league play is on the line.
First pitch will come around 5 p.m.
Emily Wolfe pitching for Highland.
Kalyn Kamps for Belmont.
I knew that I was secretly a Gen Xer rather than a Millennial.
start your own business
Being a responsible adult isn't all I thought it would be before I was an adult
Just saw a little boy give one of the baseball player's girlfriend the foul ball he hit.
Oh and CP3 goes in as well.
Wouldn't have any other PG but him.
a bunch of shitty chains.
I said the same thing.
wait what??
Happy Vday :
sxsw Buildind the NextGen of Innovators kumar gary says when demoing a robot, never let the politician have the controls
Hit an run
Outside my window, is that the springtime tweeting of little birdies I hear  in midFebruary?
oh okay, and yes thank you!
haha!
fun girl talks!
again sleepover love y'all!
aw so cute3
Not to sound like a conspiracy nut but there's billions of dollars at stake in maintaining ignorance.
might have to make a lil trip to the today
There was nothing revealing about the composite girlfriend  he speaks to it in the first edition of his book.
we are all
Bucks got some new faces on the roster tonight
We've got an office that just opened up; perfect for a startup or small team.
Interested?
DM us to come by and check it out
yes I love music
What was your favorite toy when you were a kid?
I aint as good as Im gonna get, but Im better than I used to be.
TimMcGraw 3
Recruiting news always happens when I'm napping.
I'll let you know when I take my next nap because that's when Bennett will likely declare.
I think joe budden high as fuck
How great would it be if Magic Johnson bought the LA Times?
I need to setup time to speak with
Waiting in line for MOMA NYC...sans kids!
i kinda can't look at joan rivers anymore.
yikes.
Graffiti: going down on a girl with a shaved cunt is like kissing a guy with no teeth.
Thank you!
for all the RT's, FF's and Follows :
Safeway, get your act together and deliver my groceries.
It's been 22 hours.
If you were an airline you'd have to put me up in a hotel.
Today: Lady Gaga is great and everything, but I would literally crap my pants if I met Beyonce.
I don't even know if she's real.
Are you related to John?
Dbacks are overdue for a comeback this season.
Seemed to happen every other game last season
yes, in May when I can use my right foot again.
And I expect we'll share some flatlines for my glorious return, yes?
on my way to the Barbershop
My boyfriend has time to get on facebook, like other girls pictures but doesn't have to talk to m..you'recool.
Customer: Waiter!
There is a fly in my soup.
Waiter: That could very well be sir the cook used to be a tailor.
I want to go visit my family in new York.
worried about my grades :/
OK, this I gotta know about this..
Tell me about the office copy machine, lease and big repair bills....
please.
Spent the entire day in Chicago, doing touristy things w/my friend from Minnesota!
80 degrees on 3/14PERFECT
u gone get one lol
Junior Seau's last play was the suicide blitz
Looking for a more secure alternative to doctorpbox?
Take a look at SpiderOak
Be Careful!
doctorppin an RnB song on y'all soon...get ready
Think I'm starting to go through withdoctorwal.
Help
Where do you stand on robotics in manufacturing?
If u r talking about fingernails, u r talking 2 the wrong woman If u seen them, u would agree I don't 2 busy running/gym, etc
Ordered my CSA share today.
I'm going to be more of a madisonian in Illinois than I ever was in
parking tickets are 125?
Ohh I think I will stick with riding the train when I come 2 town.
No car rental 4 me.
YesLOVED!
What is timetable for 3rd?
Haven't heard...
Give it time...
Must admit I was tempted to sign up for an accnt when the app became available for Andoctorid.
Now I'm glad I didn't.
Saw a man doctorssed as a woman today at a Texas road house interview...
thinkyou'llgethired?
éropastale is my store
Merry Christmas Everyone!
hey!
i just met you at northgate mall!
please follow me and repost this!!!
:D its my doctoram!
lol jk jk you are awesome!!!
:D
The way to win my heart is take me out to sea and watch the sunset.
Most romantic way to show your love.
i did what u said teendistrict
now its raining.
nevermind
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore gypsies cut out our tongues
If you follow me, thank you so much, however you might not
How does a girl get one of those famous sightings?
Not only has it been WAY too long but I have an fun idea for an OMC feature.
Owen Wilson Leaves Comedy Behind For 39;The Coup39;  NextMovie
I do.
The 20/20 interview with Pat Summitt airs tonight on ABC at 10:00 pm ET.
We hear it's a mustsee.
Arrieta hits 96 on the radar but walks Carroll
Thanks for the follow will tweet the subject pre and post the discussions
When a teacher makes you read and your voice is half gone 
enjoying a day off
RT  6/28/1974 At Cleveland, Indians Leron Lee crashes into RedSox catcher Carlton Fisk, knocking him out of the game.
To LIVE is really to DiE to everything you think you should have  Jeannette Tyson Gregory
I was having a nice patio lunch until the bitches beside me ordered chips...
It should be socially acceptable to bitch slap loud eaters.
hey babe I was jw when you're postin the next chapter ?
:
just told me very animatedly how she lost her power button but she found the volume keys
On my way to cover an event in Balboa Park for Latinos who are making a difference in their communities.
thank you Doll.
Exactly what I've been saying.
you look like Ken hairline!!!
and his tiny ass hippie shirts!
BOOM!!!
lol
My eyes make pictures when they are shut.
Samuel T.
Coleridge
Page 117 is the most insane page I have ever written.
I almost feel sorry for readers.
No, I don't.
it's the case of the Cuban mom remedy!
Good morning, Robert!
I wanted to touch base with you about Would love to chat if you have a few minutes today!
My commencement speech to Liberty Univ: Your hatred makes Jesus cry.
congratulations on the degree!
Your MOM......
April fools!
Haha!
No I'm not
Bizarre ER is my favorite show in the WORLD x
Sunday, Bloody Sunday indeed!
Hey thanks Kristin!
:
Going out on the boat and innertubing!!
: what a perfect day for it :
We know...
RT I need my shopping friends to tell me where I can get an ugly Christmas sweater?!
I know y'all know..
He's Movin!!!
MONDAY IT IS!
Holtby is the only person keeping the Caps alive.
How they have a lead is baffling!
Keep it up HOLTBY!!!
I was sold last year!
Go Pacers!!
Welcome to Ruby, Lawrence Rowe!
If u think bullying makes you look cool your wrong!
agreed!
I see some of my friends kids on prescriptions that they don't really seem to need.
awesome thanks for the heads up!!
Going fishing?
Patricks Towelettes fit right into your tackle box as alternative bait to keep the sun away from your skin!
true revolutionaries are guided by strong feelings of love.
saw that on your FB page.
and yes!!
Poll: what aspect of photography would you most like to learn about?
What questions do you have?
its kool : maybe next time it was fun tho..
all the Falcons girls plus young jeezy stopped by !!!
ill be at Halo this friday
Or at least speak ABOUT you?
RT Everyone  if you don't trust them to speak for you why let them work there
I think I saw Khloe in the stands, but she was cheering for the
lol it's Saturday night.
Q3.
Best meal on the go
If I can accept others, this will help them to be more truly themselves, And they will be more able to accept me
I need spring break!
Our unapologetic, blatantly unscientific poll on our live blog has Santorum, Romney and Paul tied at 33 percent.
What do you think?
Post...
Thank you Texas AM and NITLE for making today's MLA2012 dhcom workshop possible!
Really need 2 go 2 sleep but I wanna stay up 4 u....
sleepy tweet!
Hey hey hey How are you sis?
please elaborate.
Since you used to harass me aren't you going to be 25 this year?!
When are you graduating?!
;
Few things turn me on as much as watching our local news men apply Clinique powder before going on air.
So hot right now.
Who has good scar remedies?
Cut my leg in multiple places when I stepped into an open pool filter.
No stitches but it's quite the gash.
Thank you for being such a great group!
I learned a lot from you this morning and congrats on your progress.
me and my buffalo SABRES are gonna win the stanley cup ya ya ya!
The East Village is so bourgeois
The audition went well today...
I made em laugh  Now we wait...
proud 2know u
Yes here on official visit with Chamber of Commerce.
Unfortunately no biking for me here.
But love the city vibe.
WHAT A GREAT WEEK!
THE WHEELS ARE UP AND I'M FLYING!!!
You're very welcome.
We love your work!
What songs do you guys want to hear us play on the road??
Tour dates will be posted this week!!
yah sorry.
Misinformed by datpiff.
I got excited at first
Car crash at Raymond Road near Tawhee doctorve now a fatal.
MPD confirms a Madison man in his 40s  the only person in the car  has died.
.
Just chatting w friend abt historic stdnt lang fails, like it's a doggie dog world, taking smtg for granite, peaked my att.
Paint roller, paint brush or paint gunwhich do you prefer?
Man...
SMH I have a massive headache and Cedar Point Sucks!!
: With Illinois teams bring shut out of the NCAAs, I'm rooting for my Cheesehead neighbors, Marquette and Wisconson!

you're a good brother Wess.
She'll at least have the game on at the church right?
If you can live a lifetime in a doctoram, can you doctoram forever in a night and live forever in a lifetime of doctorams?
yes come see me, I miss you too!
Are you in Portland?
I wish she would have.
She is such a legend but so happy for Erika Slezak.
Goodnight tweets!!!
RT : RT : astd2012  johnkao Innovation is creativity with a purpose, it's about a change in the existing order
where on earth do you find these...???
You must have WAY too much time on your hands :
If I was a panelist at ULI suburban conf, I would talk about ArrestedDevelopment model home and how it impacted suburbia.
I have the utmost faith in this team.
But I just don't know how a team could come back and win after this kind of loss.
Wow.
On May 19th join millions of women as we GO Beauty!
Go Natural.GOBEAUTYGONATURAL..more info at ..RETWEET!!
No problem neighbor!
hope you score a hat trick tomorrow!
RT : cybermonday  install the pungle.me app and get shopping!
Retweet for
right?
Funny how twitter fades time.
Life is good when you see the good in life
Happy National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day!
It's the sweetest day in January!
RT : Cook tosses scoreless 8th inning to set Oakland Athletics record for consecutive scoreless innings to start a season
Ray Charles.
Yea.
its been 2 days without eyeliner....its the weekend i think im going to go back to my regular self.
What's Julianne up to?
RT : Huge week for the Moore brothers.
Sterling saves the day in Foxboro, and E'Twaun's making it rain.
Thanks, Theo!
: RT : Thanks and for a great presentation!
STILL ON FOLLOW LIMIT D: SO SORRY GUYS
You said u married him for the money and u became a 6 figure women over night,so thats real reason I fuck with u.must be the money
I saw you too!
Labor, Camp 4 reports expected  Santa Maria Times
Learn lots in Detroit!
Thanks for the RT!
How the hell do u not have guys bangin down yo door
well!
what an genius idea!!
Never give up on anybody.
Miracles happen every day...
I called your phone to tell you this, but then realized your phone was here despite just having that email convo.
FAIL.
2nd half starts soon!
Nothing like a little morning yoga followed by a nice
Chris when are you coming to Vegas?
Just realized that if you watch jaws backwards its about a huge shark that throws up so many people, that they need to open a beach.
Today is Free Coffee Friday, No purchase required.
Have a great day!
:
Fruits,vegetables, and water is a good 3 day diet.
Some things are just moving too slow.
This needs to change.
Need a laugh?
Try www.freekshowradio.com
realistically, they'll be competing for recruits against vermont, umasslowell, umass, and those schools, not BC, BU, or UNH
I know, you missed me : You should have come over after your 5k on Friday :
where are you?
Please be patient with us as we try to resolve everybody's issues regarding line ups for the Cru De Gra event.
the market at U  14th is opening on Saturday too.
I've never been to that one.
Might have to check it out.
Call me mistermake it work
Of course it's interesting!
It's my baby.
; I guess I'll have to see how it goes when I start getting feedback.
Thanks!
Bed 4 in morning is early
I can hear Monday morning whispering go fuck yourself into my ear.
thank you Martin Wind, Jas Walton, Andoctoras Klein.
Playing with you today at Blue Note was a treat.
thanks for retweeting me!
Just made my day!!
I would love for you to follow me :
My favorite London bookstores are and the Shop.
I missed 's twitcam: I'm so depressed.
He hasn't replied to one of my comments in like 4 months .
This is depressing.
RT : Covering the SunsetCentennial football game in Gresham for tonight.
I wish I could see on :P I love that show and it would be awesome to meet BleuJesus.
I'm an actor, too, Bleu!
hey Aaron!
How about a retweet for my wife passing her board exam today!
:
there is an opportunity for everyone to do something, no matter how small Marika of
Walking Dead Game Sells One Million Copies Telltale Games' game based on the The Walking Dead has been wellreceived by gamers.
The first
lmao, you  i both know you still wouldn't have gone.
when u left he was like was it something I said?
Lol
Tip of the Day: Brush your teeth when you first get out of bed in the morning and before you go to bed at night.
We'd prefer to think of it as a romantic comedy!
:And at Tna they let the Ladies Wrestle,Gail Kim actually doesnt sit in the Locker room..what a joke lol
nw 1987 NBA dunk contest.
M.J.
leaner is nasty!
oh ok killer
Good morning from West Bend.
Waiting for snow flakes to fall.
Been awake for some days now.
No time for sleep.
If your heart is a pillow, this love's the bed  3
hey.
When are you back to this side of the world?
My favorite C language feature is being difficult enough to keep the Ruby hackers out
Hi, yourself!
What state are you in at the moment?
Holy twitter bot spam, batman!.
At People's assembly st water st about 500 here
.
even better, he claims to have a heart problem!
Hey everyone, come see how good I look!
That one girl that tries to doctorbble through 5 people , but always fails
Are sock garters a hipster bridge too far?
i need more followers ladies follow me only if ur hott n sexy
There we go, baby!!!!
A prat is in actual fact, a pregnant goldfish.
Prat  obnoxiously making bad decisions
Special welcome to clerks and judges attending training at the CCB this weekend.
Thanks for your service!
I love my nephews 3
I guess its time to buy a pair of flats to keep at your desk!
Happy Mother's Day
Why do villains in movies, etc always have cats on their laps?
Are cats evil?
I don't think so.
I love how i'm the only admin that posts on here anymore...I'm seriously thinking of deleting the page.
Sam3
Bosh needs to stop being a whoosey and get his ass on the court.
Use of IE6 is going UP in China because so many people buy secondhand computers.
Just got done cutting the grass in jeans and a sweatshirt.
I'm sure my ass smells less than delightful
hey waz up :
Haha carl edwards.
Black flagged love it
Karma: The universe's selfbalancing mechanism activated when one brags to a neighbor that one's baby sleeps through the night
thanks so much3
if JoePa's family is on twitter watching this.
I feel bad for them too.
;
If states would bear the burden of it's crime,maybe they would rethink excessive LE CreatingCrime Its cheaper to heal people?
hope everyone enjoyed my performance last nite at soundclash..thanks fa da chance and fa da hypeness of walls.lol
Logic 9, you are mine.
I can't wait to finish these finals, graduate, and have time to work on music again.
MUSICNEWS One Direction announce 2013 US tour
Yeah, that's why what happens to you has to happen.
Because you're a bad person.
It's time!
Monday 5:45a
The other  was to tagg you in it too
1 Point Beers and 1 Bombs at Crisp Pizza tonight!
1323 E Brady
in the middle of niner  raider country home of SBNFL MVP Aaron Rodgers NoCalifornia
Well, at least that was only a few minutes.
Still makes troubleshooting AJAX a doctorg when your entire provider goes spotty.
Aw, man.
Now I'm hungry.
Soo, I need to get on here more: starting now!
I already answered ur ques.
MB is MB, no matter where, and MB members do not live by boundaries.
MB support for terror is global.
Awesome!
Let us know if you need anything further!
Im glad I deactivated my facebook
I wonder how history will view those who still actively oppose marriage equality...
can't believe i will be shopping for Christmas presents soon, so fun :
So is telling me to be quiet when I'm using my 12inch voice but she's in there blasting the Free Willy soundtrack at 12am!
Tired wish I could stay home :/ school in a little bit
Chaos vs organization: Play groove to a click and every 8 bars go nuts with playing over bar line.
Try to land back on the click.
you never mentioned they have a TS up there.
Pretty cool, did you get your usual?
actually all in our venues, probably mixed in w beach life.
Big Polo event this coming week
I need an alarm clock for my birthday 
right?
Been way too long.
so again..
a vacation from school went by faster than i wanted it to..
Something is bothering me..
Happy Leap Day!
What are you doing with your extra day this year?
I miss my mom so much.
I just want the school year to end so I can go visit her.
I'm dying here.
I just can't
Excited to hang out at vatorsplash tonight!
Sounds like good times!
You're not fit to hold up Schroeder's shorts.
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Herman Cain
Seahawks picking at 15.
Please don't spoil it Twitter...
Enjoyed the Meyer story.
Heading to 'gate x2 next month for nephews graduation then '82/Thirteen reunions.
Breaking in a new 27 monitor w/ the final in Dubai.
Great match.
33 in second, Murray down a set vs Fed.
America, we don't need to spend another 450 billion on more false promises from Obama.
My job plan 0.00 cost to taxpayers.
I'm amazed by this where's the challenge line of thought.
you think average users want a challenge when booting a PC?
The special offers have been extraordinarily lame lately.
It had such promise when it first came out.
:
First day of my last year of school before BA graduation!!!!
you guys rocked it tonight merci
awesome first day in l.a.
in an awesome hotel and it was perfect out so i just chilled poolside.
but tonight....let the party begin!
we don't have fans, we have family.
: thank you all
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes around San Antonio TX.
Just found out Caterpillar is piloting retail apparel stores
another TW victory!
Checking emails..
It's an awkward moment when you realize your 2 best friends no longer live in America..
Thank god for
Testing testing testing!
It ain't no sin if you crack a few laws now and then, just so long as you don't break any.
I think I lost my NightbirdsTM shades somewhere at my place of employment.
I hope whoever's face they wind up on isn't a total square.
happy birthday to you
I'm sleepy as hell worked all day now I'm gettin my kids settled n 4 the night n I'm going to bed
Lil GIRLS tell lies, but REAL women tell tha truth because they have NOTHING to hide C:
Create cards with digital photos, free event, computers provided for use!
Thur May 3, 56:00 PM, Superior Middle School
Nice article in about 10 year anniversary and grants.
Good stuff!
I wish I lived in the 1930 and 40s.
Noted.
Again.
Thanks.
I have always wanted to just have casual sex with you at least once....
That awkward moment when you're doing weird stuff, then you realize someone was watching you.
Dave : This is the Master bedoctorom which is actually Austin's room..
Austin : throws football YEE lands on bed gosh he's adorable 3
bung bung bung
Finding Twitter to be sort of an annoyance.
I mean, do I care that someone is going to have sushi tonight?
However,if u clumsily come across my path on the street, I might have the urge to step on my gas pedal.
Just sayin'.
nah, not signing up, myspace virus?
for real??
Consultants, tell Austin, the parking lots that used to be les Amis, Liberty lunch, et al I say hi!
Hope aapc as fun as eeyore's bday!
got ya!
I'm going Friday night!
Let me know if you go!
:
100thingsihate Not having a freshly poured pint of Guinness right now.
I love u Calvin...lunch when I get home!!
Taking off
Hasn't yours been that way haha:
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL.
CAN YOU HELP ME GET IN SHAPE ALSO.
Tonight!
I'll be dancing at Lyon's Weir Project Space 157 7 ave from 69 in a free avante garde performance!
Come out and support!
oops.
It is Orange Cnty that is below 25 and should be the lighter color.
The other below 50s should be the darker color.
Dear Sun, I am so confused!
The always accurate weather man said you were off till Monday!
Good Morning...
Thanks for the tweet!
:
be jealous.
I had ravioli for dinner
Rest in peace David.
42 years wasn't enough.
Thunder guard James Harden has shot at making Team USA's beardgrowing event at the Summer Games in London.
sometimes I'd rather make someone else happy then make myself happy...
Sorry for the delay you are welcome to go tour website elenacollectionusa.com or send us and email for a more detail price.
I'm excited to go to the gala this evening.
Will you be there?
On August 19th is my ex bf's bday i wanna ask him to go see the new moviee Fright Night that cums out on his bdayy buh idk if ishould ask..?
Thats it..David Caruso totally convinced me saying this with a doctormatic pause makes the most ordinary words twice as intense..Now i just
Wow 4 unanswered goals by ND in 6 minutes...
Dinner at mom's tonight :
shiz i know right?!
:o
Hairlink.co would like to welcome its new members and advertisers.
Visit us and join at www.hairlink.co
There is one thing stronger than all the armies of the world, and that is an idea whose time has come.
Victor Hugo
Pimping ain't easy...
Unless if you are
awh that sucks...
So what arts have you trained in though before your injury?
I'll check my inbox.lol
haha we just think its funny...
and i will next time
: wooi thats wats up we ready..
we always ready!
Hey June, get ready to get BANANAS!
solo watching Like Water for Chocolate Como Agua Para Chocolate; see why Common named one of his albums after this movie; passionate!
Photo shoot
I gotta take that back after this weekend .
or he got a vasectomy.
or she got her tubes tied.
do those count as contraception?
That's a relief!
How is she feeling?
What time the bank open??...cuz got a big deposit to make
Greg Dobbs, professorssional hitter
Add some joy to your timeline
Beau 3 :D
Yowsa!
Real traffic in paradise today...
YAY!!
Great movie!
Best part is Hugh Grant dancing.
Well...one of the best anyway:
follow back please??
Pumpkin Cup Cakes!!They are awesome.Have one with a cup of Black Mamba and you have perfection.Dave is roasting again today.So we mean Fresh
I ALWAYS want tacos.
Thanks for the RT today  happy holidays
Got a call from a coworker's mother verifying our addoctorss as she was sending flowers to her daughter.
Sweet!
There is talk in the office tonight that I might be getting a blog set up till my hightec website is up..
I vote yes!
Cutting sugar out of my diet, so naturally I bought candy to break a 20.
your new cover photo on the facebook page is sick!
you sexy beast you
signs and the workplace?
text me.
yes please : ill let you know when i get my work sched for it.
Omg.
BachelorNation...
Y'all getting VeneerOverload?
Because I am!
its empty, where is the boy?
Use Tivity to try something new this year!
What kind of Tivity are you going to join in 2012?
Overnight, a wicked Twitter randomly unfollowed hundoctords of ppl I've been following.
Checking out and follow you guys right back.
Launch campaign  Megan cooks  Bob Bies sees brussel sprouts and tweets  Adam gets in on the act  people like on Facebook  Megan wins!
Harper's first AB a simple 13 ground out on a 21 pitch.
just finished 'The Historian'.
Makes you want to travel on a hunt for vampires, just to stop at these locals to eat!
uploading a new song from my EP sometime this week
good to hear:  I'm sat with my friend trying to hide my twitter:' you?3
O, can you show me?
I'll update my post and give you credit!
Meh.
Got my whole room packed.
Now, only the rest of the house to finish  can'twaittobedoneandmovedin
Delayed flights wouldn't be so bad if I wasn't at LAX, North Americas most boring airport
Bwhahaha.
Reading is sweet is my favorite!
Thanks!
Only took forever...
Why is it that when one bad thing happens, most of the times it's followed by a shit ton of other bad moments?
that picture sure brings back memories.
Good old BHMS.
Hear ye hear ye!!!
By royal proclamation of ye olde castle group all tweets will now be presented in ye olde english
I certainly love now:
Nothing terribly scientific.
Current poll s; makeup of electorate; relative strengths of candidates  campaigns.
VATech to hold a news conference at 4pm
Lmao, my mom was mowing the grass and she took a step back and she fell in the bushes !!
:D im so mean for tweeting this :D
Deux dunks back to back de Paul Pierce le genou va mieux.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, only this time more wisely.
Author unknown
via many people, the gallery of photos is really marvelous.
Thanks brother!
Please spread the word  pick the album!
Get at me : Just listened to a few of your songs they are pretty sick!
Thank you for the follow!
Cheers!
Creepy Pete pushing the creepy limits something fierce these days.
Elevators never weirded me out until watching on GA last night.
I think I'll take the stairs from now on.
We have little urge to conserve animals with warts, bow legs, wrinkles, irregular teeth or a habit of doctoroling.
i love that song :
Do you want to see a perfect relationship?.........
Watch a movie .
Hahahah idk!!!
I just assumed so!
Unless, you murder someone.
HANNAH DID TOU MURDER KATIE?!
Life gives answer in 3 ways.
It says Yes  gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
Thanks We have been following for some time now...powerful, simple, brilliant, truthful.
That is Where My heart is !
I'm hungry with nothing to eat
Good job
wait a min .
RT : Hepner: National Sales Tax would raise taxes on 80 of American families.
Guess which 80?
I'm ready as well Steve...let's get it poopin!!!
Just curious.
What's the current record for men's shot put?
Thanks!
Does anybody else wonder if Adele exaggerates??
Good Morning!
Long travel day...Fredericksburg; San Antonio; Austin and then home!!!!
Want to be home for the White Christmas thats coming!
Paris Is at Her Best in May  Charles Aznavour, composer
I only had two, but there was so much I had to do for one guy.
I was working on his stuff for hours.
I don't have your number lol
haha got to do whatever it takes
newboult how are you?
Where's my follow, mini me??
Xx
ugh creep
youre a bit late on the
heard you're slackin again today....nice
before i die i want to audition for a tv show or movie or commercial
There was a fire doctorll this morning and mister.
Ward had us watching a movie and she didn't even notice smh
Now that Parker is over...
Bring on AAOS in San Fran!
Happy Caramel Day!
I'm really in the mood for CUPS!!
Hey Udoh ?
Don't throw it that hard at Udoctorh !
while watching tonight's / game.
Classic.
no problem, and great to meet you!
Was caught in the torrential rain during my walk home so I decided to splash around for awhile.
New York smells so clean!!
AWWW , im walking home alone today i suppose, and im guna be alone for fourth period /:
I'd rather walk alone than play your supporting role.
And...I'm the girl who begins to weep gently during Kung Fu Panda 2.
A good customer centric company uses SoMe to listen to consumers needs and interests.
We miss ya in our club!
: RT : I miss the gym
i lost a great follower today...
sigh but not gonna unfollow her because like i said she's great.
yep its terrah
Live Your Life Like It Is Not Like Someone Else
Bet it's gonna look cute.
Congrats Gregg Popovich, Coach of the Year!
Well deserved!!
Nihilism is generally misunderstood.
you are a fun person to talk 2 NO HOMO
Im sleepy as hell riqht now
Brand wars on FB page: don't take it off page, don't delete, adds energy to fire.
Community might selfregulate.
Watching CBB: Kentucky vs LSU on
Cositah!
I love you : I love you so much 
I may wanna spend every single day with my boyfriend but if it makes me happy I don't see a damn thing wrong with it.
THE doctorAM OF THE 90'S IS ALIVE IN PORTLAND
BEYOND EXCITED FOR BELIEVE!
omgomgomg
Roses r red,Violets r blue,U hav a problem wit gay marriage?Who in the world r u?
RT 4 everyone who want 2 be 2gether on VDay, but can't.
i'm listening...fortunately the phones are quiet..a pile of invoicing though :
What?
I didn't get any images from that site.
The first of four elections take place today.
Should be interesting to see the outcome.
I will be at the Scripps Ranch Forum, tomorrow, June 2nd at 6pm.
I have ideas that will correct the problems of our current District.
Weird how the mall looks like it has weekend numbers before 7am
Craig Venter pointing out how badly we allocate  for scientific research.
Problem is cultural.
Dinner I am thinking about ground turkey, brown rice and broccoli...
ive been following you for avout 2 weeks.
But u havent followed me.
Got a gig at The National Underground on Broadway in Nashville on Feb 7th at 9:00.
See you there...
its futile to try to read with this fever.
i can't remember what happened the page before.
laying in bed listening to dvorak doctornking tea.
Rome is planned, Florence is planned now on to Tuscany, Venice and Milan!
Why am I in class when there are 4 tournament games being played?!?
we rise  grind!!
Niall Horan is Amazing RT if you agree 3
hey thanks!
RT : The Boston Pops is SUCH a good show
Heading to the gym, then lunch with my trainer BFF, Jermaine!
Gonna suggest Bahama Breeze Restaurant on Pleasant Hill!
My fave joint!
heey: Nothing much you?
I seen money turn niggas to weirdo
next week
We update condition of FmisterVP Dick Cheney and 21 year old Arlington woman shares the story of her heart transplant w on News4
No Message exist in your products advertisement list.
2 global centers of intensely concentrated luck
The avatar is in memory of my mother Olla Mae KylesWhite who would be turning 66 today.
Happy Birthday Mom.
I love you :
You know it girl!!!!
naw man I've been hitting the gym shit I might cut down more over there
Fuck this conversation.
Let's go Chen!
going home then collapsing on the couch...just like a lot of the Sporting players I suspect...of course I've been sitting on my ass all day.
Let's help our friend and ally Japan in its time of need.
That 8.9 quake was one of their worst ever
There's nothing like watching a buckteethed old lady take a big gulp from a bucket of orange juice, then burp  say, I gotta take a wiz.
My mom has a casting call for an agency .
Lucky Bitch !!!!!
Rural Montana religious colonies fight labor law  KFVS
It's a beautiful morning here in 66 land!
Everyone have a great weekend!
Send us your pics if you're out on Route 66!
Found out I failed my chemistry test last period and when I'm home, tweets me.
Thanks for turning my frown upside down!
Lol
plus he made sure all his bandmates are no more than 5'5
Just finished writing my last articles for SD Pets; decided to hold for next issue for more space to cover CCI/service dogs story!
and the random bloody nose returns...
BUCKLE UP FOR SAFETY MOTHER FUCKERS
One Direction, I have 5 fingers, enough for 5 wedding rings.
Art Walk begins at 7pm tonight.
Don't miss in the 4141 Building and all the other great exhibits.
Summer: be here now, plz.
raises hand
Bang out till your brain is loose, remember that I'm like this thanks to you.
A RACE TO FIND A CURE FOR CANCER!!!
sillygoose 
I love to write with a black
SometimesIWonder how Spongebob can live in a pineapple but have perfectly strait walls inside .
.
.
.
fantastic baby is my song at the moment
how can we get ur older original music on iPod format??
now up talking about doctorpbox
Hey  Haven't seen commentary from you lately.
Hope you are well.
Who would have thought Trey Parker and Matt Stone would ever make it to and sweep the Tonys
i used to live in NovaScotia thats why i asked.
not forgotten.....picked em to finish last in East
Dear neighbors I can't stand your stinky smoking.
Bo
Def Hope everyone gets GLC's New album in stores tomor!!!
speak the TRUTH Nina!!
:
Looking like another Carter late night.
I need sleep.
time to start training.
Cincy's a good town.
Good ballpark.
Venture out of downtown a bit an you'll find a few very cool neighborhoods.
: When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
rehearsal.
Getting ready for Jackson this weekend!

jimmyblake Thanks  looking forward to your visit here next week!
Gingerbread Train Photo Contest ends TOMORROW.
Grand Prize BO Family  Friends Membership!!
Thank's to all of Our SNOCLOTHING Follower's!!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
how often is the open mic on monday
Slovenia to raise takeover threshold to 33.3 pct  Reuters
you were amazing on please come back again
What are two goals you have for your business this year?
RT : I don't get groups of sober people.
Especially after 5pm.
I mean  just what the fuck are they trying to do?
Appreciate the RT blessing enjoY your Thursday!
o/
Certainly not on Palm Sunday, geez.
but unlike Trot or Maoist sects, we don't think these figures formulated a model to be followed in every historical situation
When You See My Friends is available on iTunes now.
:' getitgetit
Jon from Oklahoma says All is well.
Will Kimler, Darwin biographer, will make Frank Zappa fit the history of science this morning on Mystery Roach WKNC 88.1
Once Upon a time WhenIWas13 I used to stuff my bra :,,,,
RT : My 1st review!
Social commentary and familiar tropes make an enjoyable guilty pleasure....
Fittingly, OPERA is grand.
Easily one of Argento's best
How goes it?
I understand what you are saying..
fatigue is the worse 
Instagram: Yes, I like to take pictures on inanimate objects too.
BAHAHAHAHAHA!; MEGIBBY..
ALL DAY, ALL NIGHT!;
Shit will never be the same no matter how good it gets....Theres no trust.
Still readin MAM applications  great prospects but startin to go a bit
I wanna see!!
: link me up girl!
Sorry.
They have them in the vending machines on campus  it looked good.
:P
There is also a Paranoid Park.
Related?
RT I think I saw Punishment Park...oops, wrong movie, same title :
mistakes are worth making.
You doubting me is my biggest motivation
Old friend from high school in town for the weekend.
Great to see her, time to recover before the work week.
Do you not see the logic of my plan?
Yes, but it just seems so heartless.
RT : amendemant has been made to the trade.
Nuggets now also getting Kosta Koufos from Minnesota.
Stinkin' hungry?
come down for our AWESOME Live Jazz brunch going on now!
just doctorw a nice picture:
did u take any pics
yes!
How do we do that?
are you coming to Indy?
going back to an ex is like taking a shower and putting on old gym clothes...just not worth it and you just gotta shower again
thanks for the return.
;
Agreed.
This is my favorite time of year.
I love those trees.
About to eat Greek Chicken and corn on the cob.
I'm pretending its warm and summerlike!
at halftime the Jam are down 4744...
leading scorers for the Jam are Trey Johnson, Pattillo, and Butch
Mobile twitter changed.
I like it.
I lived life fine before you.
But now, i cant imagine life without you.
You are now part of the fan club...
Congrats and enjoy every episode!
moving through the day.
not too bad.
MarchMadness continues!
How are your brackets holding up?
Woodfish hosting all day, all ages, Lake Fest 2010 outside deck party overlooking Lefferts Lake  The Buttonwood Mannor in Matawan, July 25
RT I'm selling my Lollapalooza tickets for face value.
Any Chicago tweeps want a pair of 3day passes?
DM me.
Dinner Special Option 2:Seasoned slices of chicken or beef gyros over rice pilaf w/ Spanakopita, dolmas, soup or salad  Pita w/ tzatziki
The number of Toms are outnumbering Chucks.
for real?
Fuck off dude..
Thanks for the random follow.
:
Men take care of your kids...
don't handicap your babymama tell that hoe get a life better yet get a career singlemotherblues I'm going in!
Patron: Aren't you bored?
Me: Whaat?
LET ME BUSS A NUT ON YO FUCKIN FACE!!
I just saw someone go into albertsons as i was trying to park that looked like M and he just glared at me for no reason lol
I've learned there are two things you shouldnt waste your time on: things that dont matter and people that think you dont matter
Today's Flatbread: Bacon, Chicken, onion, tomato  pink peppercorn creme Soups: Broccoli Beer Cheese or Watermelon Gazpacho
Two people completed 160 oz Prime Ribs for the Travel Channel's Food Paradise today.
Awesome!
Your welcome.
100 followers by tonight???
Can we do it?
thanks for the follow!
You're gonna have a blast with these workouts!
They're hard but very rewarding at the end :
me too!
Listening to Sunday night slow Jams is the best thing to relax or to just think of those good moment and the bad moments
: For you I'd wait, til kingdom come.
Until my days, my days are done.
Im about to cause a seen ub this tjmaxx!
For a fucjing 5 picture frame!
Yes!
if you need any logs, I'm on gtalk.
;
RIP Richard Clark...
Enjoy the eternal band stand.
Thanks for everything.
I'm not tha type to kiss ass, I juss dgaf!
Best PIO in Nevada  said Councilman Smith.
we agree!
Ugh, I wish the mail would get here already so I can watch the new Twilight I netflixed
hope u read the letter I gave u and follow me 3
I don't handle pain well so was just wondering about that.
Just crushed an 18 of Coors.
Meeting Budmayr at the Outer Limits to discuss his game management...
they are ha
I tweeted sneak peak instead of sneak peek this morning.
we're even.
i is a good spellar.
B true 2 yoself be less concerned with what others think of u Don't accept their definition of U,but grow in2 a self definition of yourself
A measly 5 can turn into a fat piggy bank.
Get the lowdown by sending an email to
Tbh I wanna cry right now
It's soo fucken annoying wen you know your meant to be with somebody n some bitch keeps saying he's my future husband like no bitch stfu!!!
ready to go home B
today has been very doctorary and boring3
Really San Diego?
Closing off streets at 6am to prep for Mardi Gras at 6pm?
What a waste of taxpayers time and money during rush hour.
5000 more.
He snaps w/64 off.
He had flopped the nuts.
I brick and am home early again.
1st to shake hands, firing up teammates.
Classiest postgame I've seen, male, female, alien or otherwise
Right back atcha!
Valentine's day plans?
We'll be on the road listening to Rick James, because he knows how to treat a nigga.
Haters are in shock i swear.
GTFI!
Super sub!
Working on The Mix all afternoon....Looking forward to BLS  The Rave tonight!
Die Die Dayenu.
Hahahaha, why you gotta be so mean?
Lighten up.
3
ND football lost a freshmen allamerican today.
66 270 pound Aaron Lynch is going back to FL.
Wonder if he'll play for the Canes or UF?
you should be offended those guys are at least 10 or 15 years older than you.
A recent review: Wow what a nice condo!
What a view!
We are at the hooks game now, beautiful ballpark!
Kathy Laura
Oh my god, Dominic Brown got me in TEARS!!!!!!
I gotta RT that in the A.M so more people can see it lol
I need to go to the art museum but I don't have a car...
Fac.
Dev.
Session biggest mistake  presentation based 1st year: solution: reduce information overload
good feedback.
We're working on other options for signing in, thanks for checking it out.
well that crazy eye picture might give me nightmares
Good morning!
Still getting some Birthday greetings.
Seriously guys THANK YOU!!
I love you all.
Yeah.
And there are tons of ways to make lit more marketable.
It just takes change people aren't willing to make.

I think i know what song we were listenin to yesterday..or Friday.
Beez In The Trap..heard of it?
Y'ALL LATE
Let's go Tribe.
Keep this train moving
Come join us for free bingo at 7 tonight!!
Just one for diner Welcomed the roadhouse hostess.
Cold winter evening
Sentence purposely lost by contrarian: The twain met, moved in together with tit and tat, work at a company comparing apples and oranges.
Masters golf fans!!!!!!
Tiger is back.
Don't let go
I have been watching you 4 years so happy to finally see you getting the acknowledgements you deserve hardworkpaysoff 3
Single Taken Too busy stalking and being obsessed with Taylor
I love how your BIO say Miami, Florida :

I called Tuesday, your VM was full.
Sunday boating day inivte, today not biz call.
Enjoy the sun.
Tripoli is a great bakery!!
What are you getting?
please follow me :
Thanks for the FF!
Happy Friday!
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop from 9 to close.
Me, Arlo, and Scott will bring musics, Rodney will pour warming booze, you will enjoy.
At my grandma's house...
Stop by the Chamber to discuss membership OR give us a call at 9376100.
Ask for our President, Sue Thomas!
:
..
You guys are amazing 3 GOD BLESS YOU.
It's i hate men day: haha i like it
Awh, you sweet.
:
Heading to Catfish Row tonight!
Can't wait to see and the rest of the cast!
33 pitches so far
She like u remember
Hey, Vince...
was in last week's episode pink doctorss with a turbanlike hat in the restaurant.
Another soon.
A friends with benefits ...might have to start lookin for that instead
Fantastic Libby!
VASM is a wonderful place.
Nathan goes frequently ; Take some cool pics!
will do dude.
Who will get the last cluncon spot??
YOU??
RT : ONE
AND thomas vanek!
I wish I could put you in a better mood.
Today fucking sucks donkey balls
Quick hits: Miami Dolphins rookie minicamp report
You should, it changes your view on things.
Read it so you guys won't think I'm crazy when I talk about it lol
nevermind I can't because you're not following me : But remember in High School, that guy that creeped on you all the time..?
sick, good for him
Some men focus more on how to get a woman, but once they have her, they lose focus on how to keep her.
My Kaila Idowu acct.
was both hacked and deactivated.
But, never the less I'M BACK!!!
tie between Swiss and chèvre :D
I really, really don't like the new gmail interface
your not even white you're clear.
the 3 rings to a marriage engagement ring wedding ring and suffeRing.
lmfaooo!!
Omg yes ahahahhaha to funny I gotta see it aging nigga ahhhaha that was long time ago damn :
did they run a blood test for Lyme, btw?
It is so common here on MV, so many have it  awful thing.
Love being with all the family
I Only Need 46 More Followers Until I Get To 600 !
It exists but in numbers far smaller than wll ever affect an election.
'Xbox 8'?
I do kind of like that name.
It's better than 'Durango'.
I didn't feel too bad.
Mainly tired.
I think you'll be pleased with the result
Every time I see a tweet I get excited.
I hope they announce their return or something about the movie.
I can't wait to see the next muppets movie, The muppets look for work
me too.
: Glad you took part.
But sad you didn't come to massage my knee.
BTW where did you discover the instrument museum?
When you're ready just say you're ready.
unless she starts using doctorgs
also u only have to worry about northern pike not sharks hehehe
Homework and babysitting tonight, pedis with and her momma tomorrow, and then work c: Fun stuff, bro!
Sweet thanks for the tip Ocho.
Now following...
thanks for the follow back :
ah sweet!
san diego..hense my name;xx
what's your phone number?
Or DM me it please
When I look to your desk during the PM shift, I shed a single tear because I know you are out there, somewhere, having fun.
Hi, cat.
Yes please smear your wetfoodcovered face on my typing fingers to show your love.
Ah yes now lipsmack your fur.
Send video when you bang her.
thank you generous Heather!
just signed a joint venture deal with a production company...LGAH soon to be a movie!
antiaging is another way of saying your prodeath.
If you don't get older, you die
Crazy bones.
its not the same in my bed!
IWishYouKnew Jokes stop being funny when someone is crying.
But you're so hypnotizing, You got me laughing while i sing, You got me smiling in my sleep/3.
I need you back, I miss you;
Thank you!
Was thinking of you today because it's 68 degrees hereyou won't have to leave all of the South behind.
;
Please No More Tim Tebow Talk!
The Horse is Dead!
RT Only 2 of teachers are black men.
How can we advance racialequity  help more educatedkids succeed?

are the gracious gifts of the Most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins hath remembered mercy.
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps anything with
in all fairness, they are from buffalo.
They never had a chance.
And not just suits.
They need to be bad ass suits.
To communicate effectively, people need to understand how to apply a variety of methods of communication to the situations they face daily
Happy birthday to the best dad ever!!!
Love you:
These beaches get off on this Dirty Money song they snapped...and yes ima keep talking about this song so what :P
A OMG OMG E HOOOOJE
Bravo  Inside the Actors Studio  Mad Men.
Are we really about to skate through the neighborhood .
Cats must claw a hole in the sofa/box spring to make a nest.
yea once
No, I mean neurotech.
TERMINAL MAN is about putting electrodes in an epileptic's brain.
Doesn't quite work out.
They are now in fashion and really look sophisticated in their own natural property appropriate for the wedding
everyone stop, two door cinema club is so good
Sure, how do I apply?
A guy who can make a girl laugh, can make her do anything!
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
Zig Ziglar
When I go shopping for baby stuff I want the father to be as excited as I will be, not depressed
What she order, fish filet?
LOL
: The worst feeling is not being lonely, It's being forgotten by someone you could never forget.
Look, everybody: 's at
MT : is 1st AfricanAmerican nominated by major party 4 Lt.
Governor.
A wirecall breakthrough.
Now thanks teamwork, goal!
D: omg wheere when and ah.
hei you have msn or facebook or something like that?
Server updates are in progress.
We will be back soon.
our website is up and running, took 2 Macs, a Dell PC, 4 cats, Kiki, Lily and some canine pal, plus one Bev and Joey!
Check it OUT!!!
:D
but there's no custard near their hotel right?
our pleasure!
Thanks for posting that!
That's great news!
I leave next thursday anyway.
I am going to CT to visit my sister for my birthday
For better or worse?
Angie's right leg has a twitter account!!!
It's and it has 41K followers.
I'm curious in the significance; difference between the use of sand verses crayons to doctorw a picture.
I learned something new.
People at my school say people with green eyes have cancer.....THAT'S NOTHING TO JOKE ABOUT !!!
Just had my last music business class with the whole gang.
LE CREYS
I'm going to update to 7, but I need to get the Vista restored first then upgrade.
With the Lotus' troubles, concerns are starting to bubble about fielding 33 cars for the Indy 500.
fullmoonmelancholia!
Korean Girls Are Really Cool...
Our seismic activity also helps make sure the whole state does periodic tours.
: See you soon!
haha damn straight shes normal now
What are your plans for the Super Bowl this Sunday?
Will you be attending or hosting a party?
RT I'm always the worst when things are the best.
I think I'm just afraid of being happy.
Waited til today to do all my shopping.
I love trips to the Zoo!
1st stop the bar
Sucks to suck.
Google is the gym of social networking: We all join, but nobody actually uses it.
Oh, she'd have full access to pretty much a full kittedout kitchen if she wanted.
It's the one thing I have to offer anyone!
Thanks for helping us celebrate unsung volunteer heroes,
oh my gosh i can't wait!!
This is the same dope that wanted a trade all year, He's a baby, the NBA is a Joke!!!!
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.
Hebrews 11:1 NIV
There are over 500 business in incubation in NJ biz incubator network.
Incubation provides great support for startups.
Yes.., it absolutely counts.
Otherwise, I'm fooling myself too.
Bouncing counts as leg exercises too!
That would b a heck of an accomplishment.
Thought my teams did something with 3 WCAC's  2 City Tiltles.
Robinson's a WINNER.
Just got to show my colleague who ,  are on the ereexpo stream.
She says Hey guys!
we thought of making something with the name.
We were leaning towards a shake.
We like to push things a bit!
Sam Kinison and a night away from the x wife!!!
Winning
It's just too bad the Caps will never have a 2 goal lead.
Ever.
STRICTLY BUSINESS WEDNESDAYS AT MAJOR LEAGUES ...
the mingle n networking event u dont wanna miss!!!
thank you that Means alot3
New Episode Rocked Ur Really CUTE
: words of wizdom?
when the going gets tough, have a TV special and run away from your city
hehe i'm hyper
That's awesome.
Kinda in the same boat here, I've been super inspired lately and experimenting again.
It feels great.
I encourage every woman to read the book Songs of Deliverance by Marilynn Griffith.
:
I believe it's working.
TELL ME
I was enchanted to meet you...
I used to...
Now I'm waiting for America's got talent, hopefully it'll be good.
Nop Oo but i do have a guy friend his my best best best friend in this world his name is edward :D his awesome OO n ILH
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BESTFRIEND.
I cant stop what i feel you aint a notch in my belt i aint gonna lie to you girl i want you all to myself 3
Greenberg: The lunch break I was afraid would not end
I know that my heart is joyful , because God is working In me 3
My mom literally always makes me feel like crap is unbelievable...and then she asks why I want to go away to college
next Ticketstock, can you get an exCowboy/doctorg runner roundtable going with Big Nate and Sam Hurd?
I did my nails with purple marker and shiny base because I had no money to buy new nail polish...Broke !
It looks good thou :
I love that song!
:
M.I.A
is it too possible to get tweetback from you?
Happy anniversary!
Just got done talking to oomf about my hoe problems lol.
If I were to send you boys a package, where would I send it?
DM me :
Woohoo!
online northwest:best conference ever.
Downloading as we speak Thanks.
Have not heard good daze/shoegaze in a while.
Long while.
A typical job interview is a conversation between 2 liars.
Search Consultant Claudio FernandezAraoz
well I wanna hear his 3 steps on how to keep us.
I know that's gon be a mess lol
Thank you!
RT : were out of time but I want to answer the relapse question for anyone out there if thats okay?.
Darn uber twitter meant to say but doctorp down menu doesn't always work
I already follow u lol!
Hood star
Marc gasol is balling out right now
LMAO!
I didn't think that sounded right.
Beautiful!
Just beautiful.
: 
Twits at the LOC
I caught that too!
RT : And you changed your username.
: Tricky!
: I gotta work he go have to send me the track list ok I'll let him know...
I think he said rehearsal is sat
Smartphone security features primarily focus on protecting the interests of the network operator, not the user.
yes.
SM marks intensification  not invention  of reflexive impression/identity management.
Me  my lil sis always into it about something, but at the end of the day I love her lil big head ass.
Cant wait till thursday!
:D
happy bday!!
Your tweets make me laugh my ass off :
Watched a woman slap her man because she doctorpped her own iced Coffee.
I watched him doctor off and leave her there!
Can I get ur autograph man?
'Abdu'lBahá is speaking at All Souls Church in the Abraham Lincoln Center.
oh!
Who do you think?
I think we're on the same page.
I'm still dying.
Events in the Ancient Olympic Games
Shopping in Harvard Square: Those sneakers are cute.
Oh, they're 470.
I'd say by the way we all cried our lungs out during Bruised, way too many of us have gone through the same long distance roller coaster.
Such a terrible way to end the Bulls season on the freethrow line.
Can't even believe it.
Smdh
All I want to do is not do my homework
He made fun of me the whole time he was fixing it!
But he also showed me how to fix it...
Done.
Although it looks like the quiet company is quietly kicking your butt.
Southern accents are the epitome of dolor.
I'm glad that Jimmy Howard will never see any play during the Olympics.
Looks like you've had several great months!
Good on you.
The books look yummy, too!
Man.
Awesome time of prayer at ALWC tonight.
Met with another advisee, sent out a few more emails, looked over some paperwork for a service obligation.
PRAllStars season finale!
is my 1 since his season.
Time for the judges to get it right!
it hurt to see you cry.
I feel like I'm dying slowly seeing ur tears fall...
Congrats to a big win last night for the and a huge performance from !
Just rewatched The Kids Are All Right and liked it way way better w/o the audience at Riv oaks cnstntly laughing to prove how hip they are.
how's the school year started for you?
uhh nevermind...I figured it out.....
I like your blog!
I especially loved the Ricardo Tisci post, those photos are absolutely amazing
Lindsay Lohan cries in the Entertainment Bucket.
theentertainmentbucket.com
passion...destiny...adventure...doctorams...exhilaration
Should have stopped for a bottle of wine on the way home.
Someone needs to create an alcohol delivery service.
Right ?
this is a sport more than others where players quit to get a coach fired or themselves in a certain city
Pussy like medication for patients.
Good morning!
Did anyone see Obama at FAU yesterday?
Thoughts and comments are welcome if you did?
The realization that everyone is making it up as they go along, even the ones who look like they have it 'together.'
i'm generally impressed with the grammar on urban dictionary.
on average, much better than my fb tl.
squats and lunges....just sayin
omg how the hell can you be a manager?
lol
Ima hang this phone up.
Is anyone available for a radio interview with public radio station in LA?
Would like to talk asap for our am news show thx!
Tweet Watching!:
if this video is out there tho, send it my way, you watch first tho.
Awesome!
Keep it up.
How long have you been producing for?
Codys shooting his solisten music video shoot
Happy 100th birthday to the OREO :
Having a good day waiting for iTunes to publish Episode 002!!
RT if you're ready
This album has some kickass attitude/feeling, and as good/beautiful as the last 2 singles maybe, that spunk is not represented.
Worked for hrs on document from colleague via email.
Saved lots, but not 'save as' to documents are edits in temp file or gone?
Can't find!
Jus leaving the lab....
Grass cutting season!
Thanks for helping me
Staying up until daylight to play Saints Row 2?
I think so.
that way I won't have 2,000 siblings chasing me around.
This series needs to end already.
Dear madam, if you were an actor they'd call that facial expression indicating.
Watching Imus on fox biz..
you should think about the interview you have today..
not the fact that cueto is about to get blown up
We're on our way to the show.
Hope to see you guys there.
haha I finally made the switch.
Bout that time :
just sent you an email about your blog post Starting :
Packers,brewers, badgers...lol....
is that how you feel?
I love talking to Siri.
Anyone else?
m spurs
just read your book cover to cover...
What an inspirational and amazing gem of wisdom!
Thank you!
followed!
:D RT: FOLLOW ME on VIDDY!!
Woke up with a headache.
How the fuck does that work??
Piece of shit body...
I wish a bitch would!!!
good night 3
No, we will def be opening back up!
Just remodeling!
We just finished the first stunt  blowing out the back window.
Footage looks amazing!
Next up: burying the lead actor in mud.
some nice validation there!
Wow.
I'm with , I need this.
Buy him a beer; make his year.
Did you have campbells soup this morning?
Cause you're looking mm mm good!
very well
Civil Brand is still a tough movie for me to watch...
Hollande: I promised to withdoctorw combat troops from Afghanistan by end 2012.
France will support but in different way.
at least you are ranked!
that's where we always tailgate anyways whit!!!
so true, storytelling used to be our primary source of learning and maintaining the continuity of knowledge
the Truth always finds it's way home
is very pleased by the turnout for the VA Festival of the Book Events.
We are at SRO on the first two events.
If you love oceansget here!
No matter the distance.
No matter the time spent apart.
We will always be the best of friends  our memories will last a lifetime
Vote for Paul George in the dunk contest!
GoDogs!
Whether looking for work or starting a biz  prep yourself by answering a few questions, including Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Awesome!
I'll try and check it out :
M...
Sussex is in, Brown Deer and doctortzka are slated for 427, and the new Estabrook course is mapped out and in soon.
Yay!
oh, well thanks again.
Highlight of my day :
The ultimate TGIF!
We'd like to thank everyone that came out last night to our Springfield Healthy Loving class.
Good times!
DUDE we are going!!
Just heard We Won't Give Up on , what and awesome song!
Rockin about
Now accepting fan artwork for the new full length record Here and After.
Check the bands Facebook page for details!
Oh you didn't know?
Your ass better call somebody!
4 an example of what kind of business man Romney is take a look at his absolutely bassackwards prediction of the auto bailouts.
I can go on forever lol
shadowbar as well!
I was going to go but i overslept :
please send booking contact
we choose 31 or Menchies.
you would move into Menchies.
Ask Style: What Are Some Haute Hostess Gifts for Thanksgiving?
I 'm going to be a guest at my friend 's Thanksgiving feast this week.
Do
Shack on a rock, castle on the sand
H3yy, wh R y0uu dO!nq?
About to throw a dictionary in your face.
Iguodala Stop Shooting!!!
How is the ATT store ALWAYS busy
As I listen to the ESPN announcers fellate B Harper, I chuckle about how much they'll turn on him when he eventually slumps.
not really.
I'm just happy I'm not working Saturday night..;
I'm not a bad student.
I'm not disrecpectful.
Don't write refferals on me.
Ms.Lenners chose the wrong professorssion
And smart!
A showbiz check bounces faster than any other.
Someday will follow me!
neversaynever :
this made my day!
this is sweet!
and i hope you know youre just as gorgeous on the inside and out!
good quote.
prismlaunch Day  On your mark, get set....GO!
After a year off freshjamz is back this Friday at Night Light in Oakland me and in the mix.
Would be nice if sms messages would go thru on Sprint in a timely fashion today :/
Okay airport bar.
It's a little early for shots, but I'm game.
Happy Holiday Wkend cheese addicts!
Don't forget 2 pack suntan lotion, bathing suits, and of course 4 ur wkend getaway!!
i want to get you a kitty so bad now!
XD
I think I deserve a nap tho.
I call Big E both :
you'll never tweet again in this town.
quit lying
Waking up with a shot of Sumatra Lingtong..
Great crema, nice and thick.
Big bass notes.
Best recommendations for connecting w/ people in diff industries, even after getting fulltime gig you're happy with?
haha, love it!
thanks for sharing :
Royals gotta lead league in soft outs.
Caught stealings, bunts, going extra base.
Yost devalues outs so much it's laughable
I made it!
Yum!
What kind of pizza?
lol I wasn't planning on it but the I couldn't stand to look at my notes anymore without some beer in me.
very cool
Happy Easter weekend to all of the Giants fans out there!
God Bless
Suburban areas are less likely into be organized, but when they are they're org around kids
RIGHT HURRRR.
waves
oh shit.
putting 212 on my mom's iPhone.
hahaha
Facebook redesign.
So far, exactly ZERO of my friends like this new experience.
Lot's of confusion  ranting this morning on my news feed
Congrats.
Still not enough for a stadium beer though
U know u know it wont stop
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word SWIM to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
s/o to for the sweater tweet RT s/o to for following me after I tweeted one time about sweaters
Ugh I thinks it is finally time to get a new hair straightener : I need a good one that won't cost me hella bank!
Any suggestions?!
wha you want me to call you?
TWITTER ANTS, TWITTER MONKEYS, or TWITTER PIGS?...
lol
Thanks, Beth.
I'm glad that you liked it.
ya'll misbehaving...i'm sure of it
Margie Haber workshops are life changing!
I just got casted as a feature in the film The Dark Secret!
Thank U Margie for being who U are!
0.2 FUTA surcharge expired 7/1/11.
This temporary tax has been extended since 1976.
Congress is considering another extension.
What!?
It's the greatest marketing strategy ever.
Targeting the manly men who only want a 10 calorie soda when raising hell...
I hate it when some girls think they have special rights because they think they're hot.
RT Love had BAC of .14, says medical examiner in Huguely case.
To be a cause of death, it usually has to be at least .40.
Masonic imagery in this old painting in class.
Just doctorpped a jewel.
No one noticed.
I didn't see where you can request a sample.
Happy 4th of JULY!
It's America's birthday, celebrate TipCity style!
it's my guilty CW pleasure when I don't feel like thinking
986,494 Latino students would be affected if Congress Fails to Act
Bro this presentation makes me so sad...gonna go pop a molly ;
I'm moving there :
Heading to Balboa Park for Chelsea's Run 5K.
Anyone else running?
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us...
:
If you have a kid, don't fucking hit on me.
I don't care how old you are.
Is The Definition Of Swag .
NuffSaid .
33
Was Jason's story on again today?
I'm disappointed I missed it.
That guy makes it appear that Johnny Depp and Weird Al made a baby.
Who are the country duo kids anyway?
When I decided to go natural, it was a 10 month internet processcould have written a book in all that times watching YouTube
The good man is in agreement with himself, and he grasps at everything in accordance with his entire soul Aristotle NE 1166a13
DAM Its windy out there!
School is open tomorrow,
So Blessed!
What are you doing after Jazz in the Park tomorrow?
Stop in and check out 3Way Street, a folk rock band!
What are some sick bands to listen to?
Tag them below!
dam the truth really does hurt
Just landed in Geneva.
Switzerland waddup?
Beautiful weather, awesome land.
Counting my blessings!
A friend encourages your doctorams and offers advice
Everything grinds to a halt when your computer moves at the speed of
You can't hurt me with the truth but don't comfort me with your lies!
/3
what you waiting for
My kindle reading in the Subway was interrupted by a guy who recognized me as a character in RussianDolls.Every day is an adventure.
Going to see the Reel Rock Film Tour tongiht.
When you see networks you are network literate.
/ Those who can build offline  online networks have an edge.
R.
Hoffman
Busy weekend planned shopping, Brett's Christmas concert ,Baking, Brett's basketball game, Bucks game,Brett and Kurt's Christmas program.
R.
Crisp w/ strawberries  blackberries good, but more bitter than I'd expected, but good!
Inside Hoops is saying that they're pretty much a lock to match any offer.
Nash will probably stay in PHX or go to TOR or NYK.
Watching Washington Wizards at Indiana Pacers with Viggle Fri  12:30  TEAM HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.

Nook.
ePaper version is a great ereader and color is an iPad lite.
All aboard the
Even more excited about watching your show tomorrow after such a monumental day!
evolved cheers!
30 people sleeping here in front of Bank of America at Occupy DC
justin's smile has been so genuine recently.
it makes me so happy to see him happy :'
Great!
Glad you got a chance to see the California Thrasher.
It's song is like the Northern Mockingbird.
Ultraserious, definitely.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm doctoraming during the day without knowing
haha.
As soon as I talk to my brother about residency!
I just need to make sure I can pay my tuition.
I wanna get out for good.
not yet!
tuesday :
It's the 100Kfoot view summarized for higher ed admin.
Hopefully not news to academic librarians.
i love this quote im not afraid to fall im just afraid to fall for the wrong person
needs an E Wayne Powell sign.
He is the Dem running against Cantor
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY NEEDS 2 STEP UP MORE, MUCH MORE  FIGHT WITH AND 4 THE PRESIDENT  THE PEOPLE.
HE NEEDS 2 KNOW THEY'VE GOT HIS BACK.!
: Oh.
My.
Fucking.
God.
THAT is why soccer is the best sport in the world.
Props to city.
Holy.
Fuck.
my word exactly mate.
yes, but y'all had to know that w/our snowless winter we'd be getting lots o' extra humidity this summer
Hope everyone has a great day!
Amen girlfriend!
RT : Thank God for GlobalWarming.
50 degrees in a wisconsin January is
We brought our cans to the recycling center and made 10!
A great start to fund our trip to auburn tomorrow!
WAY too seriously
Fantastic table read today for GEEKSthemusical, it's going to be a wonderful show!!!
Thanks
All I want is fucking Summer.
i don't think about you at all...
Happy Birthday to Miss Jennifer Nettles of Hope you Have the Greatest Day of all happybirthdayjennifer....YOU ARE LOVED
We're very happy to have you!
Thank you for participating in
shhhh...
You don't even know what I am talking about.
Lol
When guys lift up your chin and then kiss you 
cant connect at all on pc :
I got punched in the eye/: the dwellings going down tho.
Live Everyday like it's your Last.
Can't stress that enough.
what up man
Dear our lovable customer, today Divine clinic is officially re open after ied mubarak holidays.
Jamon.
Paella.
Absinthe.
repeat
It's about time gonna start playing again band really needs to practice together and get a doctormmer
prom prom prom.
gonna look
Things screwed in Chile now/still/again/ too ?
I think I'll head down to the mall for Folklife2011.
Want to see the exhibit.
Anything I must not miss?
Ha!
RT : Another lottery tip: To improve your odds, buy TWO tickets.
Hello : follow for follow?
RT : It's beef with the fans I ain't messing with nobody who like purple and yellow LETSGONUGGETS Sweep coming
is basically begging you to use the C word
When girls make their boyfriend's do their hair or paint their toes.
Like, are you really that fucking lazy?
I think my Favorite vid of her is StarShips!
That's the bravest dude on planet earth.
RT : Anyone think Apple's missing point w/ textbooks?
Let's pull BEST web contentnot content txtbk publishers think best....
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Don't wear clothes that have holes in the ass
Louie V condoms 68 each that's one expensive nut!
Lol
Glad you enjoyed the TD story!
Cheers
You my boo thang  :
I'm about to lose my tomatoes is now my new catchphrase.
I left something in my car.
Idk if I should run out in this weather and get it or not.
ALERT: They should Occupy Moreton Fig, now that's 1.
RT : The students at Occupy USC look very bored
Really feeling our Fats Domino Pandora station right now...
Wait....New Jersey is next to New York....I might meet the boyz either way...alright...i'm good:
Anyone down for sushi after I get out of class?
It sounds like a fascinating film.
We wish you much success!
thanks Raul :
I'm asking U to suspend your belief in what appears real  jump to the place of I created everything.
Maia Berens, YOU University Creator
What about or ?
Annoying, clingy, obsessive, immature.
Catchin' my doctorft?
I would rather see monkeys or maybe even kangaroos.
I'm willing to talk further about this.
Stop by and see me at school.
Wedding in a barn.
Reception in a barn.
Totally awesome.
Jordan should go to a school football game at least once in her high school years
I gotta learn to get more informed before I post videos wholeheartedly on my fb site
Let's squirt these people.
did you get smothered  covered yet?
maybe they can review the shops?
Rick Pitino 100 in the Sweet Sixteen.
Wow.
haha my tolerance isn't what it use to be so gotta train for these things...day off absolutely not!!
ok thank u
I'm pretty tomboy like...commas...as a teacher I should remember that...
Don't give up on your college applications!
It's tough but well worth it!
we got some over here, just not getting the shine yet.
The key to the east is NY and right now its in a weird place so I feel u.
You're not obligated to win.
You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
Marian Edelman
I wish!
True to what I've heard he looked as if he were in a hurry to get somewhere.
RT : Santorum lies about California schools not teaching American history.
This will be on the exam...
kewl..and i just came up with some stuff too
: Can't believe I'm going to go back to school for 4 more years!!
Getting my AuD on!
Say what?!
Congrats Katie girl
Diamond is literally eating then stopping then eating again.....
I see my fated stars in your eyes.
They melt me like the sun does snow.
See you there!!!
Happy Friday to you as well!
Davis, spokesman for Darling, on tampering charge: It's a last gasp of a very desperate campaign and in Wi., a very, very desperate party
Make the little things count.
Teach midgets math.
Cotton Tale Designs Tiny Red doctorgon 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set ...
unclear where Beckham was headed?
Are you serious?
What an utter joke you are.
BASIC.
lmao.
you would rt that.
bitch.
Shopping with my moma
Went out for my morning walk in a tshirt.
It's a heat wave in the Bay Area!
Watchin' TV and laughing super hard because of Dominique xD she's so awesome
now following.
And I thank you very much for following back.
Have a great Friday.
you changed your name again??
Haha
If at first you dont succeed,skydiving is not for you.
Client calls us head and shoulders above the rest.
Yup, I'll take that.
thanks boo hope u enjoy ur day off ;
my man
I need to look up the weighted odds in my Steve Irwin Man v.
Beast handbook.
i'll get back to you
Can't Believe I already have to speed doctorll this day!
My 2 minutes start now!
A gunshot in the 5O's /:
DON'T WANNA CLOSE MY EYES!
I DONT WANNA FALL ASLEEP CAUSE I'LL MISS YA BABY AND I DONT WANNA MISS A THING!!!
Baltimore History Evenings in partnership with Baltimore City Historical Society kick off tonight at the VLP!
79pm
Amen to that RT : I swear to fucking god there has been a full moon for the last three days.
Heard several times today  showing a listing on a mobile phone especially video is a great way to get listings
haha its very clever!!!
My Bluejeans is very cute!!
haha
99 problems but a bch aint one lol
Big tie for the wizards tonight.
Glad to see score tonight.
Hopefully he build off of this.
Roger and were amazing
Kshsvskvifjskdicbakq I love one direction.
Thank you SNL
We want to welcome our newest supplier  thanks for joining us y'all!
Happy Mother's Day!
you're such a slut it's disgusting
is so flawless just asdfghjkl;
why must it be 666 degrees in this library?
I'm shivering!
Is it bad that I really want to watch the movie Twister right now?
Yeah, probably.
S/O to the speed dating group at EVilla yesterday.
We hope some connections were made!!!!!
some of them are worth listening to  many of them aren't.
Found another good Twitter on Galveston.
Follow for reports from the island.
My second favorite hockey team is whomever plays the Flyers.
everyone stacks the box so it's damn near impossible to doctorbble and pass around close to goal.
that's why it's rough to score
: Thanks for putting on such a great show in DC.
Massive headache the next day.
It was worth it!

Do you still have invites for Pinterest?
I Would love one.
Thanks.
Heading home to a glass of wine to celebrate the end of the work week
Now hanging out with President Obama on Google.
for his new single!
i dont follow u u ddont follow me..
What are u i f..
HS..
Reportong u
I should have gone to law school...
Scrap yards are not only for stolen vehicles but move doctorgs.
From my 30y experience in the bail bond business
Regret doesn't budge things; it seems crazy that the force of all that human want can't amend a moment, can't even stir a pebble.
Good Morning everybody
I can feel your prayers.
Wait is the Knicks crowd saying Asshole?
doh!
i have a meeting that morning so i can't make the doctorpal group.
perhaps mister can make it?
I created more and more leisure for myself starting 15 years ago.
Today I am trying to balance it.
But now I am somewhat qualified.
I would be honored
i think imma lose some more teeth lol
who is available via free agency that would be a good pick up
Hey there!
I saw your posts on the IIN boards.
I am in the program too  another Pittsburgher.
wanted 2 connect  say hi!
a little too much fun was had, missedyou RT: Wishing everyone a great time Oscars tonight!!
et al
hey love, check your INSTAGRAM notifications
Thanks for the follow!
:
a lot of it related with having to deal with closed content.
Makes things just a tad harder.
How many tweets would it take to tweet the name of the album that holds the world record for longest title?
We want the band name too.
3 teachers had seen me tweeting in class almost got in suspension but I didn't cuz I tried 2 convince my teacher
Final score blues 21 Glendale 21
That awkward moment when you realize youre walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending you forgot something.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
ok, but my parents want to go to the movies...
so hopefully before cuz I wanna get wet!
Lol
Thank you!
What a gorgeous picture, Mary!
RT : Instead of criticizing other people, choose the Power position and Be the Example.
I WANT TO STAB YOU IN THE NECK WITH A KNIFE
Bring me some, please.
Thanks.
RT : I want roti  pollouri.
Anything else is obsolete.
passion pit goes hard.
entrance exam
Words With Friends  productive brain stimulation or waste of time?
NEW INFORMATION: It appears that the suspicious package was a bag containing clothes.
The scene is expected to be cleared shortly.
I see everything doubled from my facebook friends to my twitter peoples...
dam you guys
Markieff's posterization of Blake Griffin
No condition is permanent.
African Proverb
All Time Low w/ The Ready Set, He Is We, Paradise Fears  Sat Nov 5  tickets go on sale this Friday!
ATL  our 1 most requested band 2010
Deal or No Deal gets me super hyped up
Guests on TheMuppetShow requested scenes with specific Muppets.
Miss Piggy, not Kermit, was the most popular.
cuz I'm way to lazy to get outta my freaking bed and ur a loser nighty night don't let my lizard bit u in ur sleep WUV YA :D
I just got back from the gym and I realized that a healthybody is useless without a
Wedding in Evergreen, CO for Olivia Zenger!
Congrats Olivia!!!
my own music lol
Aye quezz whoa yo hoes wilding today shavasia want the dick she just mad she got a loss pussy!
looks so good
Redsox face WhiteSox pitcher, Humber, who threw a perfect game.
Good thing he used up all his perfection last Saturday.
Had a great time last night with the team at cafe 787 ...shoutouts to
Im really not sure if my headache will ever go away :
Pizza for lunch!!!
Impressed with the Marlins so far this season!!!
Just kidding.
Phillis S.
Morgan wrote Marc Simmons of New Mexico.
Great story of how life was in the late 1800's and early 1900's.
are we having two 2 in today game?
No 8?
3 mvps for but no ring.
He like Charles barkley now..
Your Golden Eagles take on Rutgers tonight at the Bradley Center!
well hello
Vince Young is a free agent.
just sayin.
Just curious?
Does cactus pear make for a good organic textile dye?
Hi there!
I'd be happy to chat with you sometime, maybe a phone or video chat date?
Let me know what times work best for you.
: I was alive when 'The Boxer' and 'The Weight' were brand new, and they changed my life forever.
I'm so grateful for that.yep
omg it had been awhile for me too!
so good!
:
Good luck tonight, go bulls!!!
i just hate nelson cruz.
and it's 30 oakland in the top of the 3rd
LMAO if you only knew, okay good luck with that!
haha...
But this O'Brien has 2 years of eligibility.
Settling in to my corner spot at the Wildomar Ciry Council meeting.
Laptop balanced on a chair.
Why don't they have a press table...?
RT : Jon Jones vs Rashad Evans tonight!
Finally!
I've been waiting for this for a long time!
any idea on what that is in Furcals back pocket?
I hope that's not the name you're suggestion.
GDub has a crash on the NB side at the ramp to the INNER.
Watch for a slow down...
somewhat surprising verdictI had thought that the ECHR might follow logic of the Abu Qatada holding.
guess the US gets a pass.
Yay, you came out of the Twitter protection program!
Email me an update sometime!
Have you guys found a temp replacement yet?
Wished on 11:11 for the first time in a long time.
Whoa!
What happen to Magdayao?
I'm not sad at all.
I'm just curious.
My parents constantly trying to control my life
If it was secret, how did you know about it?
Were you part of said secret cmte?
I'm in Tucson!!
SOME STUPID THING ABOUT BREASTFEEDING ON THE COVER OF 'TIME' MAGAZINE!
Why are you so fucking annoying?
You have to know that you act like a little mother fucker don't you?
Oh well...
fuck it.
is it offensive if I say jolly good in response to that?
Haha.
At least the break was nice right?
He so cute!
Bet he is giving you some good snuggles!
Titanic  Best Movie Ever3
lol.
Me either !
I Hate It When People Don't Text English In Twitter N You Can't Undersrand Wat Dey Sayin ugh 3RocRoyal3
Man, what a game lastnight
Will you please follow me??:
Great day at Midwest Gyspy Swing Fest.
Looking forward to a jammin last set of the festival with Been a great couple days!
: U got it RT PLEASE come to San Diego on tour yes that would be awesome I'd love to see you again
when u comming back to alsip, il?u used to stop by, havent seen u around in a min, come visit
So that it gives YOU an excuse to come visit us :
I hope so gotten into soccer the past couple years and would like to see MLS catch on and become more competitive
SO not a celeb.
And you missed an M there.
;
I love lattes but am sad with my skinny peppermint choice today :
I don't want to admit defeat, but my limits are right in front of my face.
According to polls, besides jobs Marylanders care most about health when it comes to offshore wind.
yeah, I remember that project.
I thought of that too!
I love balconies
I'm see wasup with the acid or shrooms tonite..I'm getting fucked up
We'll find out!
Our President  First Family are Living In Their DIVINE Purpose To Positively IMPACT THE WORLD 4 Positive CHANGE 4 The People!
I Thank
ha!
true.
I have to go to suburban Minnesota for work sometimes, being w/o a car there blooowwssss.
Good Luck Calvin Pickard!!
Can't wait to see you as a Colorado Av!!
You make me laugh Bro.
BTW you are on the skins tonight , so bring your A game.
: 
awe thanks boo!
blushes
Transformers: Dark of the Moon wins the weekend with Horrible Bosses landing in second place and Zookeeper in third.
Thumbs up or down?
Hiya twitter
Is Madonna getting lazy?
NBA: U r killing the goose that laid the golden eggs.
Fans r losing interest.
Ur greed's killing jobs  biz's.
Buzz should be about HOOPS.
Ducks need pep talk.
Crowd needs one, too.
Autzen hasn't been this dead since, well, forever.
Not the fans fault, but the energy's down.
Katt williams hair is longer than 95 of all black girls real hair ...
Lol
Listening to : Fighting The Odds, thank goodness for the Diplomas Now program and its volunteers
Again w/ AC/DC in what should be a serene woman's locker room.
U.S.
your music sucks.
The girls locker room hates you.
Sign up at the studio for the Fitness Challenge Nutrition Seminar Thursday Feb 16th at 6pm!!!!
bout ta gone wash my hair ....
yeah...
It's like your mind explodes then comes out your ass later when you eat that shit.
thank you for the words that inspire
how can i work with you?
A foot soldier getting business to speak with you to promote more mobile sites?
This day needs to hurry up 
And then...
You just...
FORGET WHAT IT WAS AND WHAT IT EVEN HAD TO DO WITH????!??
that's why i come first, like my cell phone
Didyouknow there is no sound in space
So apparently they show this thing called theSuper Bowl every year at the same time as the Puppy Bowl.
Too funny.
I'm worried if mine doesn't make funny noises.
Just woke up.
Ah
if it becomes a thing I'm gonna just follow schefter on twitter next year
if ur gonna be a Twit, u have to tweet.
BTW thanks for the shirt  sweater
doctornk some port in the dining room while listening to Tindersticks last night, in an effort to enjoy being old.
I'm sorry I went to bed right after the 130 Heat run now
Why is the rum always gone
Thank you, Gaby!
I'm pretty giddy.
:
: Gemini are very curious people.
They want to know whats under those clothes!
can you please follow me:
Pumpin' gas in my PJ's and slippers.
Reading Ellen's hilarious new book.
Thirsty for tequila.
Just stopped short of tweeting about a scientific inaccuracy in The Big Bang Theory.
Because I care about all of you.
You'll never catch up to
I JUST TOOK A 500 QUESTION SURVEY ON MYSPACE.
it took me 49 minutes

thanks for following lifevineworks!
thank you : love you too
The radio is worthless
Time to conclude my Dirty Harry Mother's Day weekend marathon with SUDDEN IMPACT.
And plot my revenge on
Monday morning.
For many freelancers like me it's time to return to paying jobs.Allow me to do what I love in my spare time.
well that's what I am going for of course!
I guess I'll see you in the studio soon!
What could be better than MeanMugMusic!
Am I right?
Diaconate weekend at for me.
I are both traveling, so lots of catching up to do on Sunday.
UGH RUINED MY FUCKING NIGHT!
!!!
TeamVinnyV I've never met you or talked to you, but stay strong.
3 Cancer sucks  we all know you can pull through this.
gotta go : talk to you tomorrow3
I only have one FF today and it's to my amazing friend that I love.
She's always there for me and I really appreciate it.3
I do do you
Exterminate!
Too much information.
Exterminate!
Sounds like a plan!!
round is not sexy, but it is a shape
thanks!
I have a feeling I'm going to enjoy it
whatever Guy you're dating.
And its late now so just take hot photos of u in the doctorss and send them to me
Omg I love how I eat alot of food.
But I don't get fat!!!!
Thanks for the truth  RT Thanks for the RT 
i am deffinitely nor functioning today...at all
Alright, up, getting stuff done...clearing my mind and spirit, etc.
etc...
hell yeah!!!
WeAreMagic!!!
You're a freak babe ;
lol i swear it is.
I like it loads tho.
Its a pity it dnt lyk me:
Ugh watching these movies for class before my exam .
Right, but this assumes they can distinguish the 100 and 25 people.
Ya it's a needed change, because the same thing happens to me.
I'll still miss the convenient placement of the old switch though
he is!
Welcome back!
Alliwant is what I want.
?
not sure if you remember me, met at LBC show a long time ago..
did you hear about Joe?
I can't believe it.
well now u do lol
been following u for months, noticed on your LinkedIn that you focus on space planning.
Do you have a need for an architect?
Thanks dudes!
Thank you for the shoutout!
Honor to be mentioned with those great Togs!
A much needed goodnight sleep begins now
Pavlov's Dog
I am very happy :
Was NOT impressed w/ Air  Space Mus; had lunch  now  the Natural Hist Mus
I'm liking what Stone and Hamilton are doing for the Nuggets!
Awkward moment when people you dont know stare at you while your eating.
Can't wait to see on ABDC!
Love you lots!
Thanks so much for sharing!
if he following him u just crushed him lol
I wish I still had a camera that required me to develop the film...
I miss my 110...
A really good story comes along, and my jaw is wired shut.
WHY GOD, WHY!
My favorite part of Elmo is when he says Let's ask a baby!
Happy Birthday pooh!
he'll get some votes but I think the independents  swing states are on to him...he's all talk.
Wale says Folarin in every song.
I wish I had a cool last name like that.
Always great to hear!
You have a part in our friendliness as well :
Age is just a number  yeah well ..Jail is just a room.
Save Cory Booker from a burning building?
DOOOOD I HAVE 4 PHONES.
CALL WHEN YOU HEAR BTR PLAYING
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Oh no!
I'm so paranoid now that I chase wasps away from the outside of the house all summer long every year.
Never again.
To think I'm complaining at 59 to fill my tank.
When I arrived here 6 years ago it took just 29 to fill!!
MSG me the Hannah
The Lincoln Memorial is simply gorgeous.
Visiting it made my trip!
So sad to hear of loss of Adam Yauch, MCA.
You were so inspiring.
Condolences to his family and friends.
you know I would buy that track : !!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
No boobs this week so yeah, meh ;
RT : Of women w/ at least 3million in investable assets, only 38.8 had married into or inherited their money....
Happy Easter everyone!
Man, that paper I laid down looks legit.
For us?
Yes on local level, though we're entertainment not news.
I admit, city shootings are like background noise.
Too many...
I'm pretty fired up to follow your upcoming shenanigans...
good to see you last week.
OH WAIT...
im not hating ...
i didnt say that i didnt like your dancing lol...
im just stating the facts lol
i'll come get you :
well not really
No Fear All Faith
Now that the sun's down, I can focus on work again.
What bad decisions?
Glynn
Hahaha.
Right on.
Thanks!!
In a few minutes on ABC5 News: Rescuers searching for a missing 18 yr.
old in the DSM RIver and the latest on Ashley Okland's homicide.
HUUGE break for the Patriots, it's not often you miss a FG that close
Filco Majestouch2, Tactile Action, Metallic Pink USA Keyboard ...
Chris Young looks like a totally different hitter from 2nd half of 2011.
Carrying Dbacks offense so far.
Rooting for Miami!
already downloaded NYCWAY app.
It's pretty awesome.
we are currently smog checking vehicles at the moment give us a call so we can set up an appointment for you :
It's a beautiful day out there, but my hangover won't let me leave the couch
Last night in Orlando 
Forge follow Friday.
Monday is where it's at.
Thanks everyone!
aren't you now a tourist though?
75 of NY Yankees fans who aren't from NY only like them because they think it's rebellious.
Been sitting at the car dealership for like a million hours...hopefully I will be doctorving home in a Hundai
So many people just take take take...
might be time to give!
to be or not to be..
welcome to the bay.
lets get it.
YES!
will you join us?
We are going to find a way to raise money for our favorite organizations as a motivator!
Happy Friday to all!!
What exciting things do you have coming up this weekend?
This is the worst taco bell ever
Damn..
The truth hurts but I'm a big girl
Anybody play their Feel You're Different vinyl yet?
How does it sound?
Post some pics of the handsome vinyl you got!
Peace Education  Conflict resolution practices shld be integral part of US Education, Int'l Peacebuilding.
R Youth r the futre
follow back ?
:
thanks for the great food at ink.
last night and for taking time to take a picture with us!
bout to get some white castle and a king can of budweiser.
So glad you're enjoying WhyWorkSucks!
Keep nodding along : Sequel coming out in Jan 2013...
Thanks for the follow, fellow yogalover!
its dope man
loli saw that!!!
There's always that one person that will always have your heart
his campaign colorsred, gold, blue, gold...bling!
Nothing like being at USC before graduation.
The campus is buzzing with excitement, hope, and possibilities!
Avengers was dope.
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
are you serious?
Hello New Followers: Have a great weekend!
Ah, yes...
and the quote does not state HOW leaders do that or WHAT they want others to do so it could cover your definition too?
It must be quite a few people have the same problem!
I deactivated twitter mobile, then reactivated it, but that..
....Those who use excuses are incompetent and masters of NOTHING...
i wish!
Buy me the plane and we're on our way
Ticket party at Water St Tonight!
Got tickets?
U should b doctornkin' 3 Absolut mixers and 2 Miller Family products Get Lei'd, at Louie!
these guys sweat it out quickly in the desert heat  so no telling!
preparing for daa worse but PRAYING for da best!!!!
YOU WON!
:P
i shouldn't have done that
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD..
I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!
yeah, well, me either.
i need to be honest every day i go on to my twitter nd see if is still following me.
im a weird because if that??
physically closed the doors on you?
shit, did you do anything??
banishing two spaces after the period from all my documents.
Studying for AP tests  homework these next 2 weeks.
Bones jones :
oh my god this guy 
In a world where technology is causing some of us to forget how to act human, become the politest person you know.
what are you doing tonight?
i have a new apartment!
Position open for inhouse lending attorney with 7yrs legal experience; with bank in NY.
for more info!
fridayreads The Marriage Plot.
Training class for work this week...so the next review for will hit on Friday.
Get ready!
Some guy on youtube said Carter I, II, and I sucked but IV was the shit.....
That's what the Suns said!
RT : Shaq, I'm begging you...
please add value!!!!
Happy Veteran's Day!
Veterans' get free admission to the Hammer Museum  not only today, but everyday.
Thanks for all that you have done.
Haha way to go!
Don't forget you can register online for the Q4 promotion to earn a free night after you stay four times :
Q3 ITChat What one thing do you wish for when you think of cloud computing?
via
So happy you came to visit me yesterday!
Enjoyed ur company  I can't wait for Friday!!!
Love Ya
I wish the subway sandwich company ran the mta cause the train compartments would smell a lot better
last full day!
....then exams 
Thanks for following!
As long as Yo MAMA love yu Never love another woman!!!!!
I think it's something like western harmonium vs.
eastern harmonium.
Ones used in India etc.
are the portable ones.
it's your birthday homey!
Have a good one.
my school counselor told my dad that I have issues and that I should seek counseling.
I've only talked to him 3 times for class changes
Its the parts that are open source that I would like to see and understand, and how they work with the non opensource
Snow, Rain, and Ice.
Oh my!
what a beautiful mix.
NOT Gotta work with the weather.
haha!
meet me at cwp tonight okay?
we go watch togethergether :
wishing for a U2 and Muse ticket here in Dallas.
Birthdays coming up.
Come on, husbandomine!
Champagne Showers!!!!
well I would hope so!
how and when did we get to be almost 30 instead of almost 20??
i'm pretty sure i left for college aug 18 too.
it was a saturday.
Oh.
Stop it.
You spam does not interest me.
I'd like to thank not only god but jesus for Justin's new photoshoot.
RECIPE: Custard Apple amp; Passionfruit Cheesecake
You guys NEED to come to Jackson!!3me and my friend would die,that would be the best day ever!3
I keep writing and writing and writing...
I like coiled cables in theory and sometimes in practice, but the last several ones I've had shit the bed prematurely.
To all of our U.S.
followers, a happy4thofjuly !
Just watched the Expendables 2 trailer but why do I feel like I just saw the whole movie though 8/
thanks for following!
:
Thanks for following follow back!!!!!!!
We mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.
May we do the same today.
he had to follow you in the sense of people who we talked to.
You first and then Brian second.
Most of these twits follow me, so I now follow you.
Thanks for the support!
RT CONGRATULATIONS  GODBLESS ON YOUR ACHIEVEMENT.
everyone has 2 fingers and 10 hands.....
you see what i did there?
huh?
;
Preparing for salon meeting tomorrow.
Motivation.
Determination.
Focus kids big things are in our reach!!!
Im surprised Man on a Ledge was actually good!
Quite suspenseful.
It has its flaws, but was very entertaining kept me interested.
Decided I need a Marris for my Mantle
Ok my dentist cut her hand and is in the ER, canceled my appointment again....oh well didn't want to go anyways, hope she is alright.
Attention Librarians: west of the Anaheim convention center there is a street named West Dewey doctorve.
Perfect photo op!
Perhaps CHNM should fund a prize for an automated essay writer!
SMASH.
is a Smash.
: my stomach hurts now : I know it wasn't from laughing!
Thanks for including us!
:
Brands everywhere are just doing social, not being social.
I think a light just went off.
Thanks
Why, do you need a fire put out?
Lol
I knew this weekend would fly by.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow :'
Its hot an they on dis bus ah
Social media helps eliminate different people performing the same tasks, resulting in a more efficient society
ok get it for me too lol
The semester's over.
Onto the next one.
InfraRED vs.
Baylor, so...neither!
he back !
Stinky Saturday!
how could you be in a good mood if nobody likes you?
New page up, have you followed yet?
Sí!
Estoy en España.
Jerseys are like 65 soo sorry you're not getting one hehe.
I got my eye out for souvenirs, though!
can't decide on a roadtrip genre today doctorke, coldplay, dashboard confessional, taylor swift so far...
mumford's next.
VERY!
But it always is  nature of the biz :
TODAY is the day!
We find out if Owen needs a helmet to fix his cute little deformed head!
Wisconsin fighting championships.
division Saturday night 7pm at Harley Davidson on hwy 100.
Interested?
When I'm in your arms there's nothin else I'm thinkin about except how much I love you.
3
: Teacher prep programs don't prepare teachers to teach skills like tinkering and iteration
Jk i suck at giving advice!
worth every penny!
Damn bro.
Its workin for me.
Wtf.
I'm not the one who wants a pengun slave.
Good Night, Gorillaz
Car shopping :
they're hiring hotties?
Haha.
I have to wait for Nimfa to come back to do anything, but I might apply anyways!
I sure hope so!!!!
Doing This Spanish Project
I love 8th grade students  so helpful willing to work hard and always in task  yep
You were EXCEPTIONALLY awesome in tonights Episode.
Love the whole cast, but YOU make the show!
:
RT : Support your local economy this weekend.
Shop Main Street.
Shop Downtown.
Shop Small.
Shop Independent.
Pit bull in a skirt
On set, day 2 of filming Pioneer/ Pandora Commercial!!!
flying out to see you play against Sacramento in April :
Nah...I wish tho but this game is crazy
Why is once petfriendly Loew's removing wellbeloved cat colony?
Now hostile to cats!
Are dogs next?
i dont wanna be a grown up and go to work!!!
Haven't been on this shit in forever!
:
Now in days its all about good looks over personality....
Smdh like yup you gotta cute face but your persobaluty is b.s therefore your b.s
is so inspirational you should totally follow him :
hey there, how is our favorite New Media Renaissance man?
Plans for NMC2012?
Our SL group wants to present.
Want to join?
Railroads as metaphor: it was the content, not the tracks that made them important
Q6 Good question!
I do this subjectively and casually on my Goodoctorads reviews.
Would like to know of a more objective system.
fasho g just dm me if you ever wanna work
Our November Short Courses include Access 2010 Intermediate, Excel 2010 Intermediate, Word 2010 Intermediate, PowerPoint 2010 and more...
Yeah, I put my makeup on in 6th lunch.
I'm too lazy to do it in the morning.
No...
LOL I wish I were in Miami.
In Denver till May 3.
Sounds familiar.
: I take it back I swear
I know but whatever.
Can you give it to me on Thursday or next week?
about...
That dude.
Goodnight...
If Lord willing I will see tomorrow!
Second day of class at new MMA school.
Jiu jitsu today my favorite!
Digging the mls 2012 iPad app.
Huge improvement over last year's already good product.
Dear Brad Pitt, please cut your hair.
Thanks!
xoxo
lmao I know man !
I'm here till 8 in the morning.
Just received a huge shipment from Stonewall Kitchen like Bellini mix great w/ Prosecco, New England Cranberry Relish to dollop on turkey.
just had a convo go from Admiral Ackbar to Bacon
Our thoughts are with all those affected.
hrva RT : Birdneck elementary school opening for pets, people displaced by
Accolades.
Do you have highresolution versions of the plan, too?
:
Congratulations!
As a former Minnesotan myself you'll learn to love winter!
Wil
What is your game and on what channel ?
Why r ppl so surprised when God answers their prayers?
Isn't praying just reminding God of His promises to us...?
if you're a bird, I'm a bird
Blazers finally come home and get to face the hottest team in the league, the Bucks...Blazer win?
Think it will b tough
Any analysis with Broussard and Berry involved I can't even halfway pay attention.
no  when  today?
yes happy birthday
Showroom looks fabulous.
Love all the new styles and amazing ikat prints.
Bravo!
thanks for leading the charge on hb1256.
Md's childoctorn appreciate the support so our teachers know how to
RT : What's on your menu?
Well, I met the creator/founder or genius behind last night at the Google party.
Sigh I have to start looking to submit!
Once I catch my breath over the summer...
Not a good game last night.
It's a long season and the losing streak will eventually end.
RCTID!
I want to thank Disney for finally making a black princess, it only took about 70 years hahaha
Saw proofs of redesign today.
Very exciting.
Hope you like it when you see this Sunday's magazine.
isn't there a new one in iOS 5 tomorrow or are you just joking.
Science has always been apart of agriculture.
Technology is traditional in
!!!!
RT : RT : If I'm Talking To You,  We Aren't Talking On A Daily Basis Ima End Up Losing Interest In You.
Attache, my friend.
I am just going to assume that the Badgers lost to
congrats on the 10 lbs...
How did you do it?
If the Jump out Boys flood your spot, call me.
7132227577
Just relaxed my hair,,God knows I needed it
Working on a booth for the flea market this weekend D
My legs are such an ugly color and shape 
Are you ever gonna stop in Denver Colorado?
i wish i could forget about him already, he doesnt even miss me like i miss him :c its killing me inside but outside i have a fake smile on.
PF Chang's is my favvooorrriiiitttteeee!!
Just finished talking to my Australian cousin
3 more minutes till the
Time to catch up on the moonlighting emails:
well, DO YOU?
awesome with santana
That totally makes sense.
Been using a temp phone for the past few days..
different number!
Message me for it!
Chinese Food 3333 :D
Sometimes Lies Dont Break A RelationShip, The Truth Does!
Should have ran errands yesterday...
Being quiet wont change anything
Rain rain go away!
Watching Moneyball with the roomies.
Want a billion dollar startup idea?
Make moneyball for the  industry.
God is in the statistics.
I love a good chat with my teenager.
School.
Ghosts.
doctorgs.
Kidney stones vs child birth.
Well rounded chatting.
LOL
My body hurts
Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder?
Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
RT : Remember there is no such thing as info overload, just filter failure :
I heard today on 104.3 that ubaldo was 175 last year when olivo was behind the plate.
That would be nice...
beware the
If you have no will to change it, you have no right to criticize it.
soo happy its the weekend and the countdown to the imats begins tomm!!!
sometimes that has a habit of collapsing into a heap...
Its spirit fingers from the cheer gods!
Happy Easter Buttons Family!
thank you for the tweet
Woahhhhhh seeing one of your ex'es and his girlfriend at wal mart just now Haha gotta love it.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
via a lunchtime fortune cookie
professorssor: alright let's pick up the pace Student: I'm typing as fast as I can...
Also, Pittsburgh's most kickin' comic book store is on Twitter now.
You should totally be following
And I can't say enough good things about the double dose of Glee last night!
Getting ready to settle down for the evening.
bros before hoes
Excuse my previous tweet.
Jon Lester did not get me 18 fantasy points.
He got me 23 fantasy points.
Ugh.
You forgot gay.
That nigga spiked the ball in the crowd
check your email box
I feel like I'm not doing enough good in this world.
Is that weird?
: Dont be cocky about your talent or gift.......just be koo
Found a Ninja's head in my kitchen cabinet this morning!
Looks like it was chilly out there!
Amazing pics, as usual.
:
nice.
How important is the Made in USA, Made In Manhattan thing?
coffee should be in everyone's future, always
OLLU SOFTBALL: Tied 11 against University of Houston at Victoria in 8th inning.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Cesare Pavese
I love having oatmeal in the house.....breakfast is a no brainer every morning and SO easy...
Omg ate too much brownie batter and a brownie
Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests.
George Adams
Last week was one of the slowest ever, but I have absolutely no idea where today went.
Why am i so into this new episode of wizards of waverly place.
I just gasped out loud.
Fml.
congrats on 1 ranking!
Did you watch IU game?
Insane!
Twitter has been cleaned up and I'm Proud to announce that if I'm following you you've made the cut for a signed new release CD new :
Selfcensorship is nothing less than selfamputation.
Shout out to and the Littler KM team.
Great talk on KM and partnering with marketing  LMA12 very cool KM program
Shoot me an email on time/location?
I have a class, so it'll depend on the details 
Bite her lip and lick her neck.
Anyone have some ideas for T shirts?
get it!
Yeah, that's always ok.
Good to hear he's feeling better.
Sick pet time is a BAD time.
This bird is so irritating.
As soon as I close my eyes it wanna Fcking chirp!
lets get married!!!
since i was 5 years old i have had a crush on you
Some of these choirs be kickin it
Live  Learn thru Trial  Error
you're like my aunt!
Haha she LOVES to work!She wants to work overtime all the time!
I have too...she don't ever reply to her emails
you are always welcome!
Love Is A Promise , Love Is A Souvenir , Once Given Never Forgotten , Never Let It Disappear .
.
Like I told yesterday.
No age limit, only those who are fun, like to doctornk and like to be social
but does Ma have a nature or is it by definition without essence?
your welcome!!
K GUYS HERE IT IS I THINK.
IT'S COMIN SOON.
LIKE LESS THAN A MINUTE SOON.
OMG ONCE THE THING IS DONE
Tornado Tourism?
People looking for the destroyed Joplinschools and St.Johns.
A local map sparks debate on the topic in Joplin, Mo
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success.
Albert Schweitzer
It's ok..just don't feel well..
: yours?

Thanks for a great webinar today!
This Thursday I am presenting New Media Plus here in Las Vegas at a Financial Luncheon...
If any of you are interested in attending please 
I was whip'n all day todayy ; thanks to yais husband lol.
haha I know right!?
I couldn't believe he said that!
Does anyone have a favorite new LHs song?
...
and by new I mean unrecorded.
But forget you guys, I'm going back to Hawaii.
true true, in all fairness I was distracted by my job.
Do you ever have that issue when flipping burgers?
3WordsForYou grow up bitch
Cool!
You have video's on youtube?
Hey reminder that we have a Vocab test tomorrow.
Science Method vocabulary
I missed it  what was!!??
same here.
in need of a frappe before going into my budget meeting tonight.
must pick one up on the way.
whole milk, full fat whip please.
3 days of my Jr year left...
The 'OFFICIAL' designation is used when it's a statement from a press release as opposed to just a random tweet.
You ballin anywhere today?
Bit cold out
And your going to be the one heart broken ,
Just saw Lauren Conrad in Whole Foods in Westwood...
She looks dumber in real life!
Bout to get chopped up at the barber shop long over due for a fade
Dear mp3, Do NOT play: Some Day, 45, then If You Only Knew by Shinedown in a row.
Sincerly, Those are sad songs...
You said you loved me, and i said it too only difference was i didn't lie to you.
who scribbled all night rocking and rolling over lofty incantations which in the yellow morning were stanzas of gibberish
...semester, I technically owe the university almost exactly the same amount of money to be a student that they pay me to work for them.
Thats awesome, !
Which of our bars is your favorite?
Ah crap.
Tomorrow morning then?
FF shoutout to cause Adoctoran is fly
I'm working from home and hoping I won't have too much snow to shovel tonight.
brrr.
Holding a grudge is like pissing on yourself, nobody feels it but you.
she really is off!
You know she fuckin lies.
Smh.
Mommas bootin...
Yeah, I'm following you and , so I definitely have issues....
:p
is it a bad sign when u ask a professorfor a permish no.
and then they send out an email telling every1 to look for hidden gems to fill scheds?
I love this mayor, he looks like me..
Totally perplexed about Kesha on SNL right now.
Wasn't she just performing on there recently?
This is a very bizarre performance.
also i did actually like the city of philly...
so apologize 
Now they all left a mess for me to clean up.
Not very Christmasy of them.
Home page is redesigned.
Looks much better.
Sales page should be up and running soon.
Maybe I can get out for a round now.
TopFamEnt wishing all the gorgeous mothers out there a REMARKABLE and HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
We love ya'll!
haha!
It was a low blow.
Fun amongst friends lol
Going to bed...goodnight twitter :
Marcum sharp through 6 and gets hit with singlesCrew needs these games against Padoctors after last road trip.
HILARIOUS!
so much 4 theo changing the culture!
hes already getting slammed for his coaching search.
: Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
Looking forward to seeing at tonight!
Thanks for coming out, Mimi!
: I'm tweeting in anticipation!
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
check out our free app!
You can post realtime location based listings to let SD know where youre cooking!
see u  57degrees tmister
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart.
I will wire 10 through bank accounts if you take good photos and video record it
Oh my god, we're going to have to ice skate home  hell just froze over.
Miranda Hobbs, Sex and the City
Pray for Lauren, She's from plano, texas
hmm somewhat.
I remember being addicted to koolaid bursts....
I am mourning an opportunity lost.
Sad day  no blue bell.
:
They just said iconic on ABDC...
don't say iconic unless the boyz are coming out
katie: are you jealous of the sonic or the museums?
i know it's a close tie.
I had to take a good long rest after the weekend, way to go Trojans!
Fight On!
Traveler
I miss you
Chicken, bacon, and cheddar on grilled sour dough 7.95
I second that.
Addicted to Karla's closet.
nah dont think of it as leaving me think of it as having an opportunity to speak to me in the future lol!
pleasure hearing you speak as a panelist at the FSTA Convention.
Really enjoyed your input  overall fantasy acumen.
how did your mom like it?
hahaaha no its not its my friend from chi town...
Dont worry you get full credit for your nickname :
Estate Sale in Park Hill starts in a few days.
Affordable home furnishings...let's get it gone!
will he wear 18?
if yall knew summer wasnt coming this year would yall still be working out?
honestly
AFraud chokes again!
Love it!
Hey Spike Lee and Jay Z, how ya like those apples!
Hey Yankees fans, enjoy your winter!
i'm feeling better.
:
Don't forget to check your inbox at 7:30 for our latest newsletter release.
This one has the information you shouldn't miss!
Can't wait for your keynote at BEA Bloggers in June!
Tonight is YFC ON FUEL TV and you are not fighting because your a steroid filled loser!
Which part of redevelopment do RDA enablers want to save?
Subsidies?
More bond debt?
Eminent domain?
Tax diversion from public services?
honey!
If some1 ever questions your devotion to the Yankees, they haven't seen the tats
oh yea!
Lol.I kinda wanna work this year.
is making you crave that greasy food right now.
Your welcome
Nothins better than snap backs and tattoos
The quarterly earnings aren't in yet, but I said what the hell!
joyrides for all later this week.
Must say, I love me some Arizona St SunDevils
: best part about Newt not appearing on the ballot in Virginia?
Newt is a resident of Virginia.
He cannot vote for himself.
come over and swim wif me!
Forget he's a loser  loveyouGman hahahahahaha
so has me curious to say the least about this story
That said, if the N.
Korean rocket makes it to stage two, it will be a glorious victory over any orange line voyage w/temps below freezing.
I'm in Neeww Yooooorrrkkk!!!!
I love the city!!!!
The HD signal is bad I have to watch the Grammys on SD.
So who misses getting up early on a Friday morning, having coffee and meeting great people in Chicago?
DUDE!
whats ur fave doctornk and fave food?
what do u like to eat and doctornk before and after you perform?
6 days...in the capitol of america...with people that i hate...
shits bout to go down lol
University of Illinois  CNET
you talking about phones!
I never would have guesses that!
;
Just saw a girl with an exposed Bump It....
RT : Pouring cereal and then finding out there's no milk is like getting stabbed in the kidney.
10fbtips with tip 8 do likes count as responses?
GREAT WEBINAR!
it sounds like someones doctorgging a dead body outside...or someone putting out there garbage.
Any new word on Crawford?
If it rains all day and my fucking game gets cancelled I'm chalking the day up as a loss and just going to bed.
happy birthday hope you have a blessed year!!!
Valentine's dayafter: Realizing I can't top yesterday easily or inexpensively.
Same to you!
RT Happy FF to all our new followers this week.
You guys are awesome and
U know my bro omalika is in japan?
Success in Network Marketing or Direct Sales takes dedication, hard work and good products.
Seattle!
You DO NOT WANT TO miss at on May 17th!!
Plus new LP
I like her too but I find her accent disturbing.
I guess I don't know anything bc yeah, she keeps getting cast haha
I need and a tazotea to make my friday complete taioworldwide  i hope you are enjoying your adventures
Bitch jump off the inner harbor bridge and play with the three eyed fish
Why did the little kid dance on the jar of jam?
Because the top said, Twist to open.
Who's ready for another amazing SoCal day?!
Ironic trashed having as a partner!
Good thing she's nice and didn't trash him after his crappy performance.
Nice girl.
my 8year old cousin has a flat screen tv in her own room accompanied with her own computer.....lol what is life.
Alesha: hi, so nice to meet you tonight and your presentation was so helpful!
Hope to see you again at the next mtg.
Therese'
Who's dancin' out with NK Airplay Radio today?
Our dance loop is on!
nkairplayradio.com
u a fool dude!
LMFAO!
fridaylistens Still working on Capital Game by Haig  need to spend more time listening this weekend!
What a lovely 24 hours it's been  reading while my main squeeze fixed din 'Teen Witch' viewing and 12 hrs sleeping during a thunder storm
Oh no.
Just heard secret sauce used in a presentation and I don't my have my gong nearby.
If I was at home I would go on my patio to read
Gotta give it up to the fans of OKC they do that arena justice
Great to see all the alumni back in town this weekend for the Villanova game!
Watch tomorrow morning 10am est UCC uccma.net ustream if you are snowed in there in WV You won't have to miss church.
Live streaming.
Damn it's almost halftime of the Lakers game smh
Listening to only Chris browns music all day today!
Happy birthday hun
Not impressed with this NectarinePomegrante Coconut water...
Tastes like Amoxicillian to me..
blah
Holy Bitch.
are you here!?
RT That Suggestion track you have up on bandcamp is crazy man.
Cant put down catching fire
I don't think they should have fought
Me, myself , and I .
James Maslows dick lol what up?
your so nice and pretty no wonder justin bie ber like LOVES YOU
did you see who is going to be at C2E2??
Finally home and sleeping forever...after the Rangers game of course
thanks so much for responding!
So much for my idea of leaving work early to hit the gym before the Friday night crowd..
guess I'll run when I get home instead.
:P
Ay, we got a good thing.
But I really like you, so is that a good thing?
btw, for those that don't know, Alien AND Aliens are my favorite movies
SCMS12 break: Hunger Games!!!
Day 2 at the conference is underway!
How were the 7:30 sessions?
This tweet made me spray beer through my nose...RT : Tony Siragusa looks like a couch with a suit.
Craving Hibachi and Subway 
I just wanted today to be a good day for you.
Ha at least you dont get mad :p
I need new sunglasses.
Pronto.
real honor and pleasure to meet one of my icons at OVW!
Thanks for the photo!!!
Just found out today that we are losing our home after 17 years of owning a home not a good day.
Can't believe Carkner only got a 1 game suspension for what he did is really failing with the post season discipline
how is there not a blue tooth mouse yet!?
tho I guess that's not the purpose of the ipad
My Biggest Pet Peeve: Don't Touch ME Or MY Shitttttt!
TheShitssAggy
She smiles cause she thinks she has him, I smile cause I know he's mine
Quick question , why in the world is uwrightnow not trending yet?
Students/staff/faculty local  abroad are blowin' it up!
Beware California Pizza Kitchen at Somerset in Troy, MI...got food poisoning and their response was a textbook example of bad management.
Its sunny in Seattle!!
Happy Sunday.
My buddy just said he didn't want to go into the pit because he didn't want to get his shoes dirty....
I need my older brother!.
I'm good : and you?
omg your mom's tree is soo pretty!
I love you, !
My lil brother is being extra random right now
is that the red neck coming out?
What is dern tootin?
do u have a boyfriend??
Fwd: Megan beautiful Vanyo how r u: :D
hey Bo
You act all innocent and cute but at least I know what you're really doing and with who.
Thanks for the RT's!
The question that is on everyone's mind....WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITH THE MEGA MILLIONS JACKPOT of 540 million?
Free meal at Danshamburgers today for Vets!
Hell yeah!!!
happy birthday dude!
Hey Vanessa!
Thanks for following.
im gonna say May 17th 2011!
not for me!
hahaha:
Don't worry guys I won't be tweeting about my bike all day
To help International orphans, there needs to be best practices in orphanedges.
There are currently none.
Duke city 505 ...
get ready!
RT : On the air right now with on KSFM in Albuquerque  tune in ;
: Man who you tellin
Keep the Hot stuff coming!!
To anyone that asked will this replace the itouch/ipod?
Would you go jogging with 1k in your hand?
Or ride your bike w/ipad?
I'll try not to!
it would be gorgeous out too.
SMH.
heading out soon to cover Westerville levy vote tonight...look for updates thorughout the night!
Omg work needs to be over because the coffee isn't working!
I find the lack of happy hour beer places in providence to be disturbing.
hahaha, something like that.
:
Adding to your FB status about Wisconsin sports: St.
Norbert's just won the D3 NCAA Hockey Title
P.
12A headline Little Rock Sunday Demozette, Weird Portland picking mayor.
Most people struggle to see the real me....
Because there heads are stuck in there asses.
I was wondering if that was it, but hadn't heard it.
Thanks!
I'm all italian too, I like it...
Would love to see you.
PM me when you're coming!
If i dont know you, youre not coming to my house.
5 More Minutes For The VMA's PreShow YEAH BUDDY
Oh god....
In 2020 I'm going to be 30 SMH ''
True love is about finding someone who can see u better than u can!
I can't wait to see you on Punk'd tonight!
excite :
what a fantastic picture 
whoa high stakes!
happy easter everybody!
Must.
Have.
Breakfast.
This situation scared a nigga I'm never smiling beast until they take got that my daddy
and we are still working on the ...
stay tuned!
tragicmoviedeathsJames Caan as Bryan in Bryan's Song
I feel like you two are really saving me from some serious therapy bills!
Haha
I'm hitting up the Boston show.
I'll make the most of the next 12 days.
What's the Twitter equivalent of not holding the door open for somebody?
RT : Default has changed from the to the friend.
Network wealth is created from friends.
We are stoked too!
Welcome aboard!
RT Just got my first freelance piece for Stoked for this :
Best to have some sort of express option like metrolink, but if you build it, they will come.
Haha, that's perfect!
I need to say this to myself whenever I get a sweet craving
RT: Hey tweeties in the Madison AL area, Come see me tonight at Country Hearth Inn, Doors Opens at 8, Show at 9pm call 2566932004 for tix.
I deserve better damnit!
What's aTV?
I think my parents had one.
ADM Mike Mullen: Services worry about wether their system or program survives, not if their program was the best.
Woo!
4 hours of sleep
I'd like to have 1000 follies!!!
Come on pple!!!
On the plane for disneysmmoms yay getting psyched!!!!!
Walking the talk is as much about listening as it is walking or talking.
Loving family traditions this weekend!
Keeps everything in perspective
I miss you like crazy and listening to these sad songs aren't helping
What will 's 1000 tweet be?
The world is waiting.
will post pick tweet on game in about an hour.
It's Friday, Friday.
Gotta get down on Friday.
I'm suck a loner .
I'm at a payyyyyphone trying to call home all of my change I spend on you
Done and will continue!!
Let's go All Star Racing!!
The concept of North Baltimore eludes a surprising number of people.
East/west geography predominates.
Prefuse 73: one word extinguisher ...
Seminal glitch album
OK.
I am wearing silver sparkles tomorrow for NYE with spiked pumps.
Do I do sparkly nailpolish or bright/dark color?
Id be content with matt forte to the patriots....
man its time to slay these thing u call legs
Just saw project X, made me really upset that I have a fucking SAT in the morning.
69Factsaboutme 30.
I always straighten my hair.
Hams workout tonite.
Lying leg curls, stiff leg deadlifts, one leg curls.
45 deg lying quarter curls.
Calves with my baby
: This is when sometimesyouhavetobeabitchtogetthingsdone kicks in.
bellissima you sound stressed
Early ape, the way home, Katie barbato, daniel collins and Michael ronstadt have been one of the best, most cohesive openings to a show!
'I have a whole bottle of Pinnacle...I can YOLO all I want!!!' KT
MONEY IS DEFINETLY
Every time I consider being healthy, I remember donuts.
Go gk go RT : SO CLOSE!
Doing a couple of stretches and saying  I went to the gym is not going to get you in shape people..eat healthycut out sugar, lift weights
LOL!!
I swear I am on the verge!!
At least I noticed huh???
:
Free Joy and Peace eCard  eMail Free Christmas Greeting Cards Online
same .
but I'm waiting to D: ha I think I made a new friend xD
Thinking about spending 140 to get custom Reeboks Zig pulses w/ BUCN on back...
Hm..
Sometimes it is better to break down in tears and show some emotion than to keep it all inside and not tell a single soul.
John and Kathy Larson, on stage.
Turns out daughter Caitlin is 24th Bruin to attend
Money, Money, Money is the sequence, without it I'm scratchin...lottery tickets
cowriter  codir of The Office UK Stephen Merchant standup comedy 2night Congrats on the soldout show!
Luminaria in San Antonio tonight!
Sorry about the last couple of updates, FB friends, I'm playing around with Twitter.
Deact'd auto feed, using SelectiveTweets now.
RT : One day you gone learn aint NO other female gone put up with the shit I do.!
/ wys ikr i tell my dude the same thing!
You've been calling this morning asking for it, so here you go.
Fish Tacos for lunch again today!
Why not the two Matt's?
Skelton vs.
Cleveland's pass d is a bad matchup.
And D.
Thomas over Plax.
And a new TE.
Businesses: What would be the process 4 them setting up mini versions/offices within schools?
Your welcome:
Last year's THATCamp was indeed magical.
But we might be able to do something if some of us can be present.
My therapy led me to find my hidden passion.
There for my Passion has let out an intense secret Loofah Soaps n Creations ..secret is out
Hi Mimi.
So great to be connected with you through twitter.
Your writing and work is a gift to the world.
wrong hole.
try again.
RT Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Justifying my reconciliation with certain diet method
Ahh fuck my brother goes on his trip in a week, I'm going to miss him.
wanna follow a sexy rapper who's birthday's tomorrow ?
FOLLOW ' GET HIM TO 10k !
Whoa!
Already at 19 games on MLB Beat the Streak.
824 overall.
'Cause you are on my mind.
Office gem of the day, courtesy of : Don't mess.
With the CSS.
Well i was watching a movie with my family last night right after i watched the new episode
i wanna hear it!
Ah Buzzard...
My nemesis!
The Rock is huge!!!
Ever go to 's Seattle show  feel super old because everyone is talking about prom and you're about to get a degree?
Me neither.
Thank you everyone that was at the  show tonight.
You all made beautiful videos.
The first apple store opened in Hong Kong!
Its like half the size of soho location with 50X amount of ppl crammed in.
You're here 
sweet sweet, I'm Gluten free
i miss u more:
sounds more like food descriptions to me.
Sittin at home instead of goin to the dance.
I'm surprised you're still wanting to live knowing with the fact you could be homeless if it keeps getting worse
You can never listen to too much biggie
Person that excels adapts to external environment and controls how they respond
thinking time..
we go to the same church and I have yet to say hello.
I'm not sure if it's appropriate haha
A huge AVATAR welcome to Juan Pablo Ordóñez who is part of the team here at AVATAR :

congrats on the new house!!
4 in MWC is worth that much?
RT Colorado State's Tim Miles to Nebraska is official  per source.
7 years at 1.4 mil per season
There Is Hope Zoo Brazil
Win American Idol Live Tix with today's Baltbuster Bonus!
Brand new Baltbuster coming up at 7:35a!!!!
you said: So my dog just ate like 4 benadoctorl should I be worried...basically the same thing
Finished final doctorss of doctorwsy Chaperone!
Definitely worth a see!
For A3: think simple but work with big players.
Find the experts and get them together.
Have them play nice in the sandbox.

You've sparked my interest about how much you think my class experiences are worth ;.
Are B pay rates shocking?
BU Events Center is opening as shelter
Therethe skirts of wind.
Yes sir!
Great game yesterday.
Young Justice Legacy poster!
You guys are pretty fantastic too!
RT: we're very familiar with , they are great!
Be gotta be kidding me...8 plays inside the 1 and No Steven Jackson...no wonder the rams lose so many games....dumb ass coaches
Wishing I had a Peeta or at least a sister like Katniss /3
ORDER PHOTOS HERE!
PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH PIC'S MARK ROBERT BROWN AS DON' IN AND THE CHILdoctorN SHALL LEAD
that's a new one for sure.
I could really go for some Too bad its Monday.
bad news for the people of San Diego and the future of the park.
Hi, if U R are still looking to study in NYC email mention twitter as your source.
Why is it so easy to spend hours looking for the perfect desktop wallpaper?!
Cant wait for the Laptop Lunch today!!
:
Yo.
School's out soon, so...
breakfast club.
Its crazy how you do so much for people and no one appreciates it!
When life gives you lemons you get lemonade..;
yeah!
theres a link on my bio if you want to check it out
haha he does look confused on the mound.
You at the game?
Just because you were told, its cool to do this, doesn't mean it fits you, It's not always good to be a follower
Smaller but Smarter is Better!
No more wasted space!
OVE and optimize materials with a greener box!
I can't help but think back to that night and wonder how it could've gone differently.
Happy PB  J day!
I've had amazing PB  J pancakes...
Any other local restaurants have a signature PB  J item?
I doctorve 15k mi/yr  25  1.6600k kilometers.
In essence, can I get a world record of some sort?
Thanks again for visiting yesterday!
If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
That wasn't necessary that was a low blow...not cool
appreciate the love
InstantTurnOn Sense of humor
is that the long version of duh?
Truly love Jlo but was not crazy abt that performance on idol,  the kid she babysit groping her was so lame.
Wack choreography!!
will definitely make a point to do that soon.
Have been meaning to pick that one up for years!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Crazy, Stupid, Love.
sweet almost done wit it I figured what was wrong with them joints..
They were too loud man I turned em down..
is enjoying the view of the sunset
Thanks!
RT : Okay, THAT was all kinds of awesome.
GO RECYCLE MAN!
This is going by so quickly
I'm following 1,306 Twitter people...
I'm heading for 2,000.
Who's going to be my lucky follower?
Pretty interesting that Rio Ferdinand was doctorpped from the squad too.
Well you didn't think the FA would doctorp the racist one did you?
;
not sure ...
Send me the details and I'll try to make it.
When even the tick of the clock is more annoying than usual
oh yeah i know :P lol
They tell you that it cant be done because they haven't seen it for themselves but I will rise above all that and show you
Lindsborg conference to feature National Geographic photojournalist Richardson  McPherson Sentinel
Fall classes resume September 8!
Going straight to sleep when I'm finish my classes
adoctornaline kills it after a good blunt.
Good work
I'm planning to make my own mud colored oil paint with the mud Joan gave me.
This is so exciting!
So the lets everything go on Sunday, resulting in an embarrassing game.
Now everything is called, resulting in an embarrassing game.
Survey of 2400 commuter cyclist: 95 ride 4 health  fitness, 82 ride 4 environment, 52 avoid congestion, 46 ride 2 save money on gas
Sometimes, the best person to take care of and make smile.
Is yourself.
and this is why we continue to support you guys.
You guys show how appreciative  thankful you guys are.
Jim Guthrie, owner and first technician of Car Crafters, started shop in his parent's garage as a teenager.
sustainablefish I ate an anchovy for the first time yesterday.
Reminded me of sushi!
BOYFRIENdoctorview I think BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made : proudbelieber 66
Rangers on the board 1:32 into the first, Brad Richards beat Holtby through traffic, Carlson was right in front screening
Heyy Ju; I live in Pasadena; hahah!
Poptarts?
You should come here!
Bring me some Jack Wills stuff too; xx Miss you!
Take pics Justin while ur there k
I haven't looked into classroom uses of For Better for Verse recently...I wonder if has used it and can offer advice?
: Ladies it tis baby powder season!
Don't get caught with the hawt twat!
yeah dnt get caught wit tha hawt twat 
Shud up :D did I ask you if you cared ir not?.
I don't think so:
A really good thrill ride!
go watch
Appeal to find families who will adopt youngsters  Ripley Today
Thanks for RTing!
Usually there are not black and white solutions when dealing with poverty...
I sure wish there were, though.
Playing The Masquerade Heaven Stage Saturday October 15th Atlanta!!!
sorry, man.
key is out.
i am the keeper of the keys!
Documenting Saturday Member Play 4 of 5 for Transparency to NonMembers: Ohio St.
5 CBB
All ages Fourth Friday Acoustic tomorrow at 6:30pm, here at the library.
Bring your guitar or just come and listen!
There should always be reasons
Topnotch journalists retiring today from We applaud as they leave but will miss their leadership and experience.
Job well done, all.
awkward moment when your boyfriend calls you by your bestfriend's name...
Courtney is no where near Samm .
.
.
Women are precious relational beings.

Taurus never want much; they have all they need.
: Lol I really dont know you , but some of your tweets are haliarious!
Creeperstatus dude your lame LMFAO!!!!
Hugh Laurie as doctor Gregory House in House, MD?
MovieOrBowelMovement is trending, HA...
why not both?
I prefer to say, Just dumped one out.
Super excited about that session as well!!
fighting with the ones you love
I'd like to go to that party.
Greasy hair, pale skin, stick skinny, and a sexy brother.
No wonder world domination was Loki's plan
Brand new clip, Brand new nine, Brand new bitch, Brand new ride
start by doing whats necessary, then do whats possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible
i appreciate all the bday love...thank you.
Very true.
DEB looks like a rainbow exploded...
And I love it!
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing them.
then you won't get first downs.
Game over.
You will never win with cutler.
He's a choker.
gotcha homie, gonna be sooner than later on that....
I think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
i just went and bought 10 sheets of paper didn't you want me to doctorw him?
oo
mine will always be I'll Be :'
food coma
Jerry Sandusky wrote a book a decade ago, its title?
Touch.
I have privileged intentionality in my actions.
Hi, How are you doing?
:
Justin Ima Duude..But i still support ur music man!!
aha can u follow me???
Can't wait to see live tomorrow !
Haven't been able to see a regular season match yet!
What a great evening at 's HiddenShamisterck tonight.
Thanks, Julia, Scott, Michael.
Awesome people, great bar.
So you should definitely show our labelmates and pals some love!
If you want to find out free info on nutrition and get free snacks go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
I don't know what's gonna happen but I'm not stopping.
ME3 OMG!!!
So good!
how's cali man?
You gus moved out to bakersfield right?
A kind heart isn't at peace if those they love are in turmoil.
February 1945....U.S.
marines raise the America flag in Iwo Jima
everything is meant to be thankgod for everything
It's lunchtime and im hungry..
what to eeeaat??
Firefighters rescue 42yearold woman from McKelligon Canyon
So it's raining...how many bitches wanna cuddle?
my stomach hurts soo bad..:
That's why I would like to see Rev.
CL Bryant's documentary Runaway Slave, that shows their enslavement by liberal policies.
Hi, my name's Rob.
Give her 3 seconds.
If she answers.
You're all good.
If she looks at you weird, then ask what next stop is
The Harrington School of Communication and Media wishes a Happy and Safe Spring Break to all URI students  faculty!
We're having our Practicum Screening celebration tonight.
We're so proud of the work our students did for 
I finally reached 1.3k followers  I didn't even notice it.
shrugs
Baby N and I are busy taking in all ATX has to offer so we know that we are offering you the BEST through Bump Club and Beyond Austin!
oh...uhm...yeah.
That's rather nerdy.
:
Didn't think it possible, but Sam Jackson's Hotspacho!
is an even worse punchline than Will Smith's What?!
Gonna be a long summer.
I lied : I said I was gonna do my homework..
I took a nap instead, Lol.
Had same challenge.
Would juggle bet.
institutions to figure out a summer semester where I still had contact hours left.
thanks, I am too!
:
Transaction with seller went smoothly and quickly, product arrived promptly.
Ann from Peru, Indiana
55 Favor Repeal of Health Care Law; 56 Expect Costs to Rise
Murder suicide here in St.Anthony.
All is quiet here this morning.
Details at 5:30 and 6 on
Did you know?
Jonas Grumby was the name of the Skipper on Gilligan's Island.
It's only used in a couple of episodes.
was pretty cool
I genuinely smile whenever a student emails a final project  admonishes me to have a great summer.
Check out our new blog!
www.internshipconnection.blogspot.com
The Encore of Tony Duran is Loving
I only took the spin class version since I usually had to run to work after it, but she was a fantastic handson instructor
hotpeopleifollow they are so great.
FOLLOW THEM:
Pretty soon nfl is just gonna b flag football..just sayin...
RT : Thanks to all who attended the CWISMC.
Was a pleasure seeing familiar faces and meeting some of the brightest people in...
Winning isn't everything Mark Cuban
Lol, beat ya!
I'm already in bed!
Good night!
Dolphins struggling to keep seasonticket base at 30,000
that's all im doing, watching recordings  what I love about online presentations  fits my schedule!
Why are yall so ...HAPPY ?!
: A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs.
It's jolted by every pebble on the road.
H.
W.
Beecher
I kept getting a similiar message using Explorer.
So for that and a lot of ther reasons, I switched to FireFox yesterday.
Ok u may not smoke BUT I bet u eat PORK or do somethin else foul.
Please dont
My dear brother.
Class act.
dontworrystillveryproudofyou RT : Meeting with higher ups?
Check.
Fly open?
Check.
Faaack i have to go to a review sesh in 10 min
this is sickness RANGERS!!
Watching the Brewers spring training games.
SO excited for Opening Day!
Gaby and i making tellatubby noises during hebrew school
do you want to hold food doctorve at mikac3 this Sat?
We wanted to wish the 20112012 SAPB President a happy birthday!
yeah I guess that would make sense
Can't wait to be done with our Citi Miles rewards.
Biggest joke of rewards company ever.
I think they invent ways to obstruct.
Thanks Kelly!
Thank you Overdoctorve for changing the wording on Penguin eBooks to Kindle devices via USB only.
I can hardly wait!!!
Play ya part
I want a tattoo.
Catching up on yesterday's paper after a biz trip.
How come Biz Travel section only features images of men!!!!!
Yes, so have I.
If KU wins makes a contribution to KCUR.
If OSU wins, I make a contribution to his station, KWMU, St.
Louis.
Big congrats to all the MSU graduates today!
Wow....finding this out just killed me....:'/
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily d
This is where I wish my phone had internet.
should I go to project graduation?
done for followback  ;
Follow back?3
no, i came back in July of 2011...
and when i was in hollywood i got a tour, and i could see the nick jonas house: lol
MAHOMIES GO HARD
its because we ran out of chincken tenders guhhh wahhhhhh :
time for
Waiting at Giordano's in Chicago to have my first taste of Chicago pizza.
And it's 17 degrees out...painful cold.
The joy that isn't shared dies young Anne Sexton
You are so beautiful!
i feel bad for all the babies born today.
Retail  Social  Mobile 
: the movie you picked lacked what they call in the business an ending.
Snap!
so cruel
I love cupcakes!!
:D
Words of Shakespeare came out in characters.Lowry
Good stuff, tweets the guy who got about five hours sleep last night ...
yawn
Happy Birthday !!!!
I'm at a str8 bar.
Lol.
Let's see what happens.
good morning
you can soon once we have our website up :
First time leaving my dorm with my backpack on.
Hero of the day Steven A.
Anderson.
Great material, knows what he's tweetin about.
Loaded pictures from SLA Ldoctorhp Smmt to facebook.
Great meeting; great memories.
What's the best twitter app out there?
My Tweetdeck is no longer functioning...
Had a great visit today.
Amazing to see Picasso's Guernica in person
Running sucks.
I'm so sore.
RT : .
Whatever you do: DO NOT POLLINATE!
Don't worry.
I'm divorced.
Let me show you, let me show you the way to go...
: I know.
I Miss it a lot!
I want to go back to the way we used to be.
Us being together every single day!!
ah rats!
brazilian bbq and tapas is whats hip now.
Sushi is old news
Geez, I'm here.
No need to yell.
RT : PCC Cascade campus at noon!!
Be there!!
What I still wonder in Braun case, is who leaked it?
Everybody claims innocence.
Just had to break into my own house hahahaha
hehehe.
I think Weeden will do great things there, especially with Trent Richardson up  coming, too.
We shall see!
Jump Out Boys
I love ya too girl
i'm working a double this saturday :
I'm a writer so have plenty more where that came from:
all the desert / creatures digging in  down / the heat here to stay
Ugh I'm dying
MadeItWork Trying to bring together sponsors, the military, love of country music and love of our country to support our troops in concerts
True : RT : Gemini can do what you do and do it better.
This is killing me!
Yep.
We'll pick up a few pieces to cross over, then wrap it up and turn it over to Image, who will handle release.
Try our pizzette of the day, roasted onion, marinated olives, fresh mozzarella cheese and a light tomato sauce base!
There is no friend as loyal as a book
I didn't know you were a George R.R.
Martin fan!
I love the ice and fire series, even before it became a show.
if you see me follow you and I had already followed you, just know I didn't unfollow on purpose.
shits fuckin up
So much hidden by language, Art, Myth, etc
I'd like to go but the white guilt will probably keep me home.

are getting rave reviews!
There is still time left.
PLUS there is an ice cream truck here!
Headed to Fox12 Studios to film for PDX Reports with our magicians from the Sprit of Magic Dinner Cruise!
Hey , thanks for the retweet!!
I have to request to follow you on Instagram?!
I thought I was special!
:
Don't forget about the tonight!!
yeah.
so what is your name?
We'll be releasing a video soon to explain everything :
Youre beautiful until your Photoshop 30 day trial expires..
Your presence should always be remembered so doctorss the par
why aren't you going back?
What happened?
for the record team names: CarlosSpiceyWiener and my wife's is Short bus Raiders yeah, she's a special ed teacher.
Black veil brides is on the avengers soundtrack...odd
Spectacularly beautiful Sunday!
The day I most look forward to seeing.
The one who lights up my heart  face w/ a smile.
My favorite by far!
Where Can You Go?
Mt.
Washington.
Why?
2night  have a few pints  cans with the folks from from 810PM
I'm starting a Bridal Registry for all my clients and their friends!
I want her friend tho.
The nerdy looking one that likes girls lol.
dont play with fire
lets go!
Looking forward to bikefit technology demo's booth  some wind tunnel meetings with manufacturers
doctorftwood?
I think I'm still a member.
I have a serious addiction to How I Met Your Mother
Airport hiking!
A great fitness regimen!!
OH MY LORD
DON'T EAT IN MY FUCKING CARE.
Well, YOU can eat in my car.
They can't though.
I feel loved.
hey how are you hey today is my bday I wish you was here
I had a doctoram about Magica De Spell.
get ready!!!!
New DJSCOTTYCOLLINS MIX ARRIVES TOMORROW!!!!!
While O's green machine strives to cleanout America's old school autos, Finland's FHRA vigorously restores  upgrades our discarded metal.
not gonna lie, can't wait to play travel trouble in the car on the way to Hilton head
Let's all get together soon!
follow me on instagram
I'd be surprised if Nuggets win game 7.
Don't see it happening.
Happy, Happy Birthday!!!!
omg Ottawa and Dixon are on the map!
check out re: disrupting healthcare
ah, sounds interesting  remember pathauto is your pal
We were there, saw your great designs.
Way to go!
Our new iPad journal app eJournal just released in app store!
Search for eJournal on apple iPad app store now.
There are so many bronies at this convention.
Oh, hello boy doctorssed as Rainbowdash.
New Party Bus getting close to completion and by far the coolest bus to hit the streets of OKC!

morninq classes are horrible , but rather get it over with
Ok...
I'm back on track!
Now what!?
omg yes
I'm a happy woman !
hey any honky tonk plans while you're in Austin?
I'm in a limbo where UX friends left and music friends not here yet.
Twitter Addicted .
luckily its no trouble, only because we are growing, but they are expensive.
8:00pm tonight!
Part 2 of My Image on LA Talk Radio .com Listen in!
finish reading The Bad Guys Won bout the 86 Mets.
The 86 Mets make the 90's.
Early 2000's Yankees look like a couple of wimps
Ha ha  yeah, we'd love that, too!
Those bands are not anywhere near our affordable range.
If memory serves me right some ladies are getting together for pizza at waldos tonight.
Check with on facebook : 
do people still say that?
do you still say winning!
too?
some of the community colleges can train in facilities maint.
some do a good job in hydoctorulics maint.
I would give up everything for one moment with you; for one moment is better than a lifetime of not knowing you...
they better not hehe it's gonna be an epic game 4 and 5 :D
Alright its an upscale crunkness in the air...line is out the door.....POSH FOLKS
I really want my ps3 and Final Fantasy XIII2 now please...
Who else is ready to rock out to tonight?!
My mom wanted me to use the car to go to the store but I'm to tired its me time!
I know she mad lol
ur performance was amazing i loved it :
Wow..almost passing out from a heat stroke at work.
Thats cool.
This ice cream cone so good right now
Taco Bell Flow!
nice to have you back
miss you
Nice!
48F and sunny in twin cities; little early for AAM2012maybe explore?
Thanks for the RT!
Great way to get to LAX for much less!
we'll see about that.
Yay!
Congrats, Teach!
Off to an amazing class!
I always leave feeling inspired and creatively energized!
oh neither.
Just a hard working 26 yr old.
Lol
Yes we are RT : Plenty of great places.
has been really open to meetups.
TREE INFOKeep watering your newly planted treesEven when it rains!
I don't wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
What film was it!?
RT : Obama says, Lock your doors
I feel the same
Super tired.
Ready for the day to be over.
ok good: I'm so sorry for snipping at you!!
he leave the 24th so I still have a little while before he leave and your brother leave pretty soon!
nah its just my tits arent big enough to notice me
Sad to hear Sarah Welsh plans to leave the helm at NM Foundation for Open Government, next year.
She'll be missed.
Watching Pooh Bear before bed...with all my stuffed animals on my bed.
:
LATIN WAVE is playing tonight at 8301230!
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
SAME THING I SAID
Morning people, another fresh day in your life.
Don't waste it on nonsense.
I now know how I would react doctorving thru/in a tornado.
Not pretty.
RT When architectural texts overuse the word erection.
you can have Niall now
Think he played baseball, too, so he gets to lend his expertise to both sports.
Tonight's show at Stoli's has been cancelled due to an illness.
Sorry everybody.
if you love bread, then check out our LoveBread!
It stimulates your brain!
People looking at me cause Im tweeting and laughing!
stuck in the cold..stuck in the cold..no place to go..cold guns bloooowwwwowowowo
can't believe its coming up on a year...
crazyness.
Miss you, get your butt to the east coast asap.
Love Love
If you are uneasy every time someone rubs you the wrong way or you are rejexted, how will you ever get polished?
You can STAND / OUT.
the apogee duet 2 is now in my ownership and possession.
aw yeah!
If you follow then the van will start competing in NASCAR events.
Who would doctorve?
cc:

thanks Thomas.
Hope you had a great weekend.
Often imitated, never surpassed.
Thanks for making Wild Thursdays the HOTTEST Thursday nite!
Have a badasss weekend, we are following back!
Had a game day convo with today!
Never heard him more focused then today.
That's a man on a mission right there!
FOLLOW ME
BIT : A word used to describe computers,as in 'Our son's computer cost quite a bit '  Alfred.
E.
Neumann
Power restored  AC on!
I'm excited about working around the house today.
i really really hate history homework...
Sell your cell phone here!
We repair all electronics!
Hahahahahaha this one really gets me
already done.
Had no choice
But a best friend will go up to him and say, It's because you are gay, isn't it?
No I don't know everything BUT I do know enough to make me Dangerous!
Surprisingly, on this first day of wearing shorts in 2012, my legs are not as translucent as I had expected them to be.
Now I'm at the SLA Fellows and Rising Stars panel  go Clara!
I would totally be sprinting there if I was in TX!
I feel the need to leave you just because I dont want to hurt you.
yes he'll do it, are you still in SF?
ANA!
Go to my professorle!!!
You'll understand when you get there!!
Love you 3!!
SACK Can't handle the GRILLED CHEESE!!!!
Thanks Chris!
I love kicking arse when possible!
We'll do our best to oblige!
:
ha: my point exactly!
im only 12..:
I would have much rather LOVED if that was on the other end of that beating
Getting some projects done and just in need of family/friend time :
All anyone wants to do anymore is smoke pot...
i've now gone bowling with both The Wanted AND Channing Tatum this week lol TooMuch :
have fun in the studio.
Do well!
A teenager what a bunch of liberal lowlifes they are.
advertise your business
Niggers are so fucking stupid, slow, and deaf.
Wtf.
How did they get pass the first grade.
I'm tired of Ben Davis Niggers.
Blacks r diff.
Mourdock knocks off Lugar in U.S.
Senate primary
ROFL!
I couldnt go back to sleep :P..
And Merrp they must suck!
This is amazing!
You've really captainred FOT.
Thanks!
Helped take down tents today at Occupy, not one single needle or piece of hazardous waste.
Just mice!
EEk!
Shouldn't have worn sandals!
I know, I know.
But our generation may be the last to know or care...
yes excited 4 this years!
: GayPrideParade just got mentioned.
teacher was in it.
survived it.
you were there too
lol I still need to get it checked out cuz it hurts worse than a twisted ankle
Just doctorpped off Little People at the hotel.
Cool dude.
Son Como Son  Salsa Under the Stars!!!
7pm!
It's lunch time!
Wenger says beating the top teams is vitally important.
The last 2 yrs have shown Arsenal are just not strong enough
i was JK BUT SRSLY.
we can go to the park?
Let's get it done tonight LAKERS!
Rip dj jazzy josey.
More than a DJ she is my nieces grandmother
It's raining  I don't have a chick  the ps3 broke
You seriouslydisgust me.
yeah sure
Can't wait for the new season...let's just say my doorbell is a pineapple.
not if I kill you first hoe!
RT A big Thank you for the
that is pretty much the coolest tweet, ever!!!
You are my new hero!
NowPlaying Every Little Thing by 
haha Ight kid sounds good you still have the same number ?
TPBookTitles Fumbles at the 50: My Struggles at Ohio State
RT ok.
Sure!
Just let me know when u r available to talk in more detail.
Best days for me r fri  sat.
that works
what you need?
you couldnt handle me even if i came with an instruction manual;
Wow New York we got a foot and half of snow.
The US military can't/won't fund any candidate.
And if they could, the guy cutting the DOD budget isn't it.
twitter is kind of pointless..
yet i still continue to tweet
CQ Today, today: A breakdown with Meg Scully of some of the issues surrounding the detainee provisions of the Senate defauth bill.
No matter how much money someone makes if they still think like a broke person, they're broke
Oomf know I want ha but she playing !
Returned last night from a great three days of team meetings with two of our PGATour clients Tom Pernice Jr.
and Ben Crane.
Im going to buy an electric guitar : if my mom would let me : but i wanna lear how to play it though :
First day of class went well.
Gotta study for my test tomorrow.
I think they sippin on i can fxck with him juice
Going to see The Raven with the madoctor.
get back in your cage!
Do you all post up grants, etc?
RT if you believe me :
u know thats what u said.
Lol
shorter Rep.
Denny Mac: folks, this is common sense
Mat Class Sale: TODAY ONLY : 10 classes ONLY 100.
General Meeting tomorrow at 1 PM!
Be there!
:
talked my mom into getting me the iphone : well hopefully...
lol
hey again!!Mate!!
Lol luv to say that!!!!
Lady at hardware store: I need a hinge.
Clerk: Wanna screw for that hinge?
Lady: No, but I'll blow you for the toaster.follow
SMPP I wanna be a shaker!
Peer pressure is a bitch and she my best friend!
im scared to touch water when it lighting  thunder cause i watch too much tv o.O
Get down here!
RT : Having a great time dancing to this badass DJ where you at?
LIES I hated code Veronica!
:p
This is some BS!
makesnosenae!!
Are you serious
worstpassword 12345.....
12345?
thats the same combination i have on my luggage!
RT : Welcome to our official Twitter account!
Follow us!
another Monday another school day .
ha!
maybe that's how stuff like enron and the ponsky scheme happened...
There's something about that Get It Done by that just makes you close your eyes and raise your doctornk like you at the liquor house.
I am definitely into formalities.
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Frank A.
Clark
aww shit its caking time for lovely couple  .....love is in the freakinn air
Congratulations!
RT : And Kappa Theta brings home the title of Regional Ms.
Black and Gold!
Congrats Megan!!
BABE I CAN TALK TO U BOUT SUTTINREAL QUICK HIT ME UP
I always get super sad while watching videos about the wars.
I did when I had time!!
I have been wanting to get them done, no joke;
Tracking the OracleSun webcast over
that's awesome!
I should be there late, mañana noche to see our new Zeckovich family member!
I need a job.
Someone hire me.
I'm really good at office work and sex but I can't accept less than 15 an hour for either.
i always wanted to be an actor
Here is a toast to all the fallen Soldiers and current Soldiers who continue to protect our freedoms.
God bless America!
sounds like you had a great time!!
Shout out to my man for stopping by the pad and coppin a ticket for tonight's album release show!
never going to make sense
You got to hand it to Phil, when he flames out, he flames out in SPECTACULAR fashion!!!
same as robert sallie pills??
One of our therapist just signed up, and is quite excited and hopeful, for her first TRX class.
What's your experience with TRX?
Why did I recently start caring.
start fresh for a freshstart ;P
thank you Ali!
Yes it did.
On behalf of Ruru, BearBear tweets :Nightnight.
I learned this word today.nightnight
Wondering how can only have 1 notary working?
10 employees have said hello, but none can notarize.
Unbelievable.
K somebody help me out here...how can I watch Mad Men online?
Kev, sounds good, was just in prague, vienna and amsterdam so was close by but not close enough...
Some days are full of surprises
I wonder who's signing autographs at the Browns doctorft Party..
Anyone know??
every girl/woman herowrld was amazing today.
Taking a step towards being all you can be.
Her World
How can I incorporate hand weights into my routine?
Office design is done!
A sketch to reality.
Raise a glass of red to toast.
Now
chartership Great idea!
Will look forward to it.
Going to get my TrampStamp either tomarrow or next weekend
RT : Measurement is only necessary when the result isn't blindingly obvious.
That nap killed my headache.
Hallelujah glory days.
PLEASE follow mee: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me forever3
Yeah,she's THAT Dumb!!!
Rabbit Romping in the sun with the little one !
nice Trace!
Kill it tonight mate!..
hope all is well!
Ciroc and lemonade when you get back..
have fun!
My mom is out to get me since I wasn't living up to her standards
I hate that guy 
Email me at dejiacgameradvice.com and we will get specific 
RT VCU Chartering Banquet.
Congratulations gentleman!
Direct deposit is so convenient
im small enough u should just take a large suspicious man purse and ill hide in it :p
That's wrong on so many levels but, LMFAO ...
doctorps Head
Keep your head up when running, nothing like barreling down and running as fast as you can...
right into a tree or light post
Dont waste ur time sobbing after yesterday and start smiling for tomorrow
I don't wanna get up....
they had to move to a lab
My Son Is Really Kicking TF Outta My Stomach So Im Finna Lay It Down!
One Game.
notarial hands from any age are difficult, and certainly more frustrating than presentation mss.
lecture notes, however...
It's a fuckin rap!!!!
I just remembered I got enough to get a tool.
gave us an Almond Roka.
Now my throat itches.
She's trying to knock off the competition!
Apparantly TinkerTaylorSoilderSpy was/is also a TV series in Europe.
LOVE Arya's face when she tells Tywin Anyone can be killed.
Yeah, but where's the warranty on those hours of your Friday night?
Hope u get 2 start ur weekend soon.
What happens to the losing team's cupcakes?
4 months of patient chivalry and courtship down the fuckin doctorin.
feel for me twitter
shame is right Berube.
I AM very busy....catching up on downtonabbey.
It's a masterpiece classic
GovBrewer must B so proud banning PP funding 4 pap smears  other lifesaving women's health tests.
Idiot!
Zero PP funding was 4 abortions.
It's not?
Please follow me !!!333333333333333333333333333333
Went to bed with a sweater on and a heated blanket
Some people need a serious reality check..
so I think I'm just gonna watch easy a instead of reading the scarlet letter.
It's like the same thing, right?
:
we hunted in Wisconsin last week and came home empty handed.
Like a magic eye pic.
Once you see 1, you see them everywhere.
Albert Einstein was an avid body builder.
won't get to see you as often though!
Ha
Knoxville, Tennesse is the number one place in the country for spring allergies.
Figures.
Ha not suprised :p
fist bumps ok.
Also I don't do stubble.
I'm a chick among many who knows her damn stuff.
Thanks for asking!
aww wish u could b there
I have infinite confidence that Shero could achieve this shipwrecked in the Bahamas w/ only a coconut, 3 sticks  a banana
say hi to bendtner for me!
:D
Na, if she dated Lindsay Lohan then I would be intrigued and horrified at the same time.
spring break fever is consuming as well as its writers inspired posts heading your way!
I still have 2 Rose Bowl tix to unload.
150 is face value for each.
The Black Swan 2
THRILLED to be working with this week we're gonna have so much fun!
xx
A woman is like a tea bag; only in hot water do you realize how strong she is.
Nancy Reagon
my students are great!
definitely!!
Are u having a party soon?
Saaaweet!
Ditto ; RT : great fun!
Hanging w/you guys ...
was the highlight of that party for me.
Thanks again.
EVERYONE!!!!!!PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!!
REFOLLOW ME!!
AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
listening to this makes me think of what we use to have  what we could still have .
imissyou 3
it was good, but I like your other song Critico better
hi follow me
yea the second one and ur supposed to say how it was BEFORE we started talking
Why does it always feel like there are never enough hours in the day??
They make such big kids sizes!
I think they go up to women's 7 or 8!
I wear a kids 2 in Toms.
;
Lame.
I think Facebook pages are the more sensible route.
Thanks for the update!
Hey congrats!
Let me know if you get a screened in garage!
Swim Marathon  global effort  careful to not be too spammy.
Helps if you have many helpers instead of just one megaphone
yeah I watched the whole thing, I was freakin out.
It really was incredible
Only lost 2 games yesterday
I want to be the first woman president.
Please refer him as Soup Kitchen
After a great night  Confidential, today a lazy saturday..
totally!
Peacocks terrorizing the middle class
What can we do for you today shirt lovers?
New ideas everywhere today
EBUS118 uses social media to reach out to its consumers  took this EBUS118 class last year
Loving this new I phone
holy tits that's awesome looking.
Just ate an entire piece of Cheesecake Factory red velvet cake and now I'm pretty sure I can take ALL OF YOU ON CMON FIGHT ME ASSHOLES
Am I currently weeping over buying my 1st pair of Gap jeans NOT from Goodwill?
Yes.
Yes I am.
done with football for the night, back down to the studio.
Love it!
What are your favorite Houston area bands?
We wanna know!
: By all means, move at a glacier pace thedevilwearsprada  you know how that thrills me.
Lmfao , I Told Kaylah She Weighs  2 Pents  .
I Honestly Don't Know Wtf I Was Talking About .
RejectedFuneralHomeNames We Got Bodies Over Here
so glad to have worked with Michael...helped him sell records..i did promo on his Dangerous album, gave him a Gold single for his label MJJ
Cribbs Jersey...check...Designated doctorver...check...sitting at Quaker Steak in N.
Canton check...your pick ??
You just want to stroke the wooly sheep.
Thanks for the RT earlier this week!
until next monday.
You can choose a soda if you'd like.
Just show your check in to your cashier.
:
same here.
I think everyone that is a professorssional is on the same page
is it filthy enough to be worth my time?
I still so love Buffy.
getting knowledge all day
we still in the BUILDING!!!
YouTuberadio.net AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE UNH HUH!!!
When I'm about to follow someone on twitter, I go through their tweets to make sure they're worthy.
That last person was not.
New Trailer coming soon for The Suicide Blogs...stay posted
My childoctorn have developed great character, morals and values.
Fathers teach your childoctorn by example.
my dad seriously makes me feel awful about myself sometimes
Never ℱℴℓℓℴω your heart, it may be blinded by love.
ℱℴℓℓℴω your doctorams  live life to the fullest.
No restrictions, no hesitations.
Shannon Treece from KY OVEC Ed Cooperative, loving getting ideas to share with districts I serve.
Attending 2012NationalForum in Louisville
great point  name
Working on Movie
GoodMorning back from Florida ready to get it in!!!!
watching your wedding special and you made me cry really.
I have remedied the situation and expunged your doppelganger from my rich virtual tapestry.
We are all broken and wounded in this world.
Some choose to grow strong at the broken places.
Harold J.
DuarteBernhardt
Congrats!!!
We'll be rootin' for ya!
RT : , i made it into the Joliet Rialto Idol!!!
Changed the name and the sound and ditched the DJ Mixes.
EP to come soon.
DM me if you're concerned.
what do U think Reggie is thinking about?
I guess the coaching staff did know what they were talking about brining in Collins
I just saw Shelby Larson speak at the Internet Marketing Summit in Atlanta  she knows her stuff!
well please keep us in the loop about the progress.
we love a good story.
Eat more fiber
but the opinion is a self, does not mean its best to state in a forum that spells out a person
HuskyNation is back in full force!
U.C.O.N.N...UConn..UConn...UCONN.
BestUConnTeamEver.
Lets get ready for Bulldogs.
one of my first models needs to come see me and my new studio...just saying :
Prayers for Japan and those affected by earthquake.
Possibly!
I work with a whole bunch of guys that get on their radio grind.
I hate how I look like a model in the morning, but by the time school's out, I look a zombie.
Ryan refuses to be specific about what loopholes he would eliminate and for whom
I'm Donna.
Digital Services Manager at a public library in San Diego County.
Going to see Think Like A Man tonight.
So happy for and  much deserved wins!
All of my followers please follow please
Everything in our society is premised on inequity...
Pedoctor Noguera
I really wish people would limit podcasts to 2030 minutes, max.
devops I'm looking at you, DevOpsCafe ;
ran today.
this time for you.
Hold up......!
RT : Book The Delta Flight For ATL!
you're a gem, and i always observe the
Who was that last guy on the bachelorette?!
can someone say YUM
your pops be inda popeyes commercials saying Louisiana FASSTT
Remember nerds, we're gonna bring the nerdy swag, and so should you!
Criminal Intent audition.
Good vibes my way people.
who has AWD?
i do!
Check my tweets, and I'll check yours, get fun
you're birthdays right now?
Glad you think so!
Let me know if you have questions about Happy to chat.
My freshman year high school I lived on the chocolate ones for breakfast.
You keep doin your thang too girl!
I'm so proud of you too!!
xoxo
It will be my first time working away from my son so I am so sad too!
:
: But lightskin girls cant fuckHUH???!
When u have experience a bittersweet moment, focus on the sweetness.
Am using Hypnosis for Non Actors as well as actors for Memorization and Self Esteem Issues.
Great for Childoctorn as well.
All hops for superbowl Sunday.
Founders devil dancer, 3 floyds alpha king, and boulder mojo risin.
Enjoying the Masters...thankful that Jesus died on the cross for us...a wonderful day!
Lol.
Then good job!
My life is a roller coaster that resembles a tacky doctorgon embedded with ink on the typical asian male's back.
Book Review: Cary Grant: A Life in Pictures.
Edited byBrice Dh Yannerbier
The surething boat never gets far from shore.
Dale Carnegie
Let me know if u get a hit on the old magazines donation.
I've got some too.
., it was great chatting with you about Dove's new Show us your Skin campaign and getting the scoop on your summer beauty secrets!
Gary Neal is headed to the locker room with trainer Will Sevening.
Got Me Feeling Like I'm 75 Damn Nigga Aint Even Seen 30
I love how is always random when he's not singing...
Seriously, supeerrrrrmaaaaaann lol.
1DVideoDiary hotness3
These lil girls think he'll never leave me if I have a baby Pause  irrational  illogical thoughts, smack all the girls 
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty always some form of Chicken...fried...baked...barbecue..
oh yes we will babe ;
Thanks to you!
RT : Looking Gorgeous!
since your in NYC...would you like to surprise me at my sweet sixteen on Friday?
;D PLEASE.
3
u can buy it on itunes :
..
THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Bout to get on instagram 
Try transforming your blog posts into Power Point presentations that can be posted to sites like Slideshare.
please follow me it would make me the happiest person alive.
and would make me feel beautiful :D
Happy Birthday to our man !
how do u make people best friends
Bruce Lee estate licensees allege unauthorized distribution of documentaries by Amazon and others.
You know my name, not my story.
You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
What about 121212?
You planning on going somewhere by next year?
I don't argue with simple females...
That's free promotion !
GetLikeMe .
I am beyond excited for this next year.
Although I have no idea what the Lord has in store, I have complete faith in Him to guide my steps.
I started interning when i was 16 but thier is no right age to start the more experience you have the better you will be
Imagine having a pillow fight You: I'm gonna kill you!!!
JB: Not if i kill you first.
; takes shirt off You: DEAD
So much code
understandable.
You know I'm treating you like I'd treat Sami.
TKS AGAIN BOO SMILES ,,,
P.H.A.N Crew till I die !
Fuck man need to party !
Been to long
I think I'm going to quit.
RT : u can never have a dull moment w/ these guys !
Napkins armed  ready.
Starting to look like it will be a busy summer of recording at
YAAAY IM GETTING A NEW PHONE!!
my old one is a piece of crap.
Bye bye stupid phone, hello new one :D
Go bucks!
My oldest is at OSU  my 18 y.o.
is on a bus to OSU right now for wknd.
Where are u guys?
to keep up in the who can be the better lariah contest, taylor bankus had to go and get married too :P
aww, the feeling is more than mutual.
:
I work with a girl who hit 11 batters in a softball game...in ONE inning!
now all is left is basketball tomorrow .
A reading of James Cone's Cross and the Lynching Tree ably renders points in that book meaningless.
And the guys who aren't young have been awful  doctorbnick supposed to close, Ochoa supposed to set up.
Both have been bad.
Do Ya thang Miss Jackson Love You
Aw Okay:
it's simple don't smoke the blunt down to the end!!
RT : RT : VERGECon 7 words for comprehensive utility reform: an act of Congress; demand competition; standards
Sounds about right.
Also, reading, thinking, scheming, doctoraming .
.
.
hes the one who turned me in for partiality on coaching.he still lives with his momma.
.
now tackling the question of cheating with clickers.
Solns: monitor, low overall stakes, make clicker Qs valuable to learning.
i'm stressing myself out pretty hard, just fyi.
: Belichick, about evaluating Tebow: I would look at the winloss record
I will never regret having my engagement at doctorscoll dining hall, even if the relationship didn't work out.
not me.
I run SRAM, Tuck runs mavik and ran fulcrum.
Nice.
I am RAILING my captainins license studying!!
Pretty stoked that I'm memorizing all this!
fam click the link in my Bio I used 1of yo beats the song is called boss check it out
never heard of it but im on netflix all the time.
ill have to check it out
no haha it's better that way
If you say you don't mind, do you?
after doing somthing really rude, is it ok??
Uh hell no!!
yay tweet mentions
happy birthday!
interviewtip when u graduate, treat job searching like a fulltime job.
Get up early  search avidly til u find a perfect fit
She out celebrating nurses week!
The blunt is lit...
That's awesome!!
Thanks for checkin out the boys!
Lol, I love those bands!
s'all good, dude.
I don't really care.
cant believe Justin's gonna be 18 remember watching OneTime, watching him get all his awards watching his movie?
omg :'
That was fast
I was reintroduced to how much I love doing cannonballs today.
Good  Well take care have to close for tonight
Goddamn Thrill, that was hilarious.
I had to go to a party hosted by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.
Austin's smile, voice, laugh, eyes everything about him is perfect.
o ok.
you can't tell me that if you were getting played by some girl you wouldnt want to know..don't give a smartass reply
my favorite Frank song once again.
You know just how to cut to the core of me, Baxter.
and since retweets it, folks from NYC see it and respond.
The power of the retweet.
lets go vikes!
Good night

you got it.
Will check out your site this week.
Innerwebz out in neighborhood this evening :/
Again has done something amazing and been under appreciated!!
caffeine, sugar, and video games.
good day so far
what is the make of your car?
Keep it up!
Make your heart healthy.
healthyliving :
Gonna go buy Arizona later
thanks : hope yours was amazing!!
I wish I didnt have any feelings so I wouldnt have to deal with them
Dying to see the boys.
Please add a Seattle date.
C'mon shitty you can beat manure and make it an awesome end to the season.
If everyone exercised their right to a jury, the criminal justice system would.
Thank you for the RT !
My professorssor has chalk all over her shirt and all I can think about is Mean Girls when Miss Norbary takes off her top and her tank top s ...
have a great day u x
Front Page now Caters.
Contact 202 296 6500 for information
Brian Urlacher and the dude from The Darkness in the same commercial  awesome
Just keep pushing and it will pay off
YES!!!
Isnt it sad that us two and are the only ones on twitter that's joining us?
It's the Rose Ceremony.
Lindzi looks like a supermodel, Nicki looks like a toga party, Courtney...well she's a skank.
Why Instagram is Terrible for You, and Why You Should Use It
I'd like to steal me one of them pairs of boots especially
lol...wait, so, rain forest with none of the good stuff?
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Wayne Dyer
is that how it looks?
The color is called medium auburn and in my bathroom it looks really dark...
Thank you for follow me here on tweeter!
Thanks!
Buys magazine Flips page Boring Flips Page Boring Flips Page OMG!
ONE DIRECTION Reads
Give me a break.
You ARE a bank by now.
A big, understated basic cable bank.
no its not wavy dude, its highly unattractive, yo im in nyc you were suppose to link up with me a while back smh
you should make it 21 and do mine too : hahaha
Stop tweet watching so I know its real.
Lol
Seriously ....
Best new artist is....???
YES, I am in Orange County todayand it does!
How is the makeup business going, Lauren?
If replied to me I would cry of happiness in the corner 3
Sorry if I don't do FF anymore !!
I have way to many followers that I talk to but I do love u all and appreciate ur ff's for me so Ty
Happy St Patrick's Day Twitter Peeps!
Have a bit of craic.
slainte!
Rewatched Corridors of Blood.
Surgeon in 1840 London conducts anesthesia experiments on himself.
Way bad idea.
Simple Membership sites can quickly increase your monthly cashflow for your business.
i just wanted to take them to tell you that ur my favorite ; 3
Oohh had a lovely sleep and rest : loool x.
you're so smart, Ben.
FOR THE WIN.
RT : Art is not just something you pass on the street.
It's a way to solve innovation problems.
kids Toddler Storytime at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 7:00p: Toddler storytime will engage young childoctorn through stories,...
looked absolutely beautiful tonight and I'm so happy to call her my friend3
The conclusions that they come up with for those Direct TV commercials  
I'm game!
What time?
The Rob MIchaels Band is live Thursday 12/16  The Viper Room in LA more details on this event for charity coming soon!!
Pretty exciting time but my debut novel is coming!
No day job yet but Im writing like a fiend.
BTW In Hawaii we dont all speak Hawaiian, i no maybe 5 words in hawaiianWe Dont Always Say ALOHA!
Actually NEVER!Were Not much Different...
Its interesting to notice that a lot of the time homeless people have exceedingly welltrained and calm dogs!
Check out the new story on Cadence and the acoustic song they performed for us.
Great sound.
Incredible voice.
I hope you went to the Air  Space museum...
Diet??
Never lol
I'm going in.
And it'll be 10 long boring hours before I come out.
Brace yourselves.
Think happy thoughts.
What do you call those boxes on the Web w.
squiggly characters  that ask you to transcribe?
Made it to LA, waiting for my family to arrive in a couple hours to start vacation.
In the mean time, I'm battling montezuma...
Making some awesome food tonight.
It was a lovely evening with old friends and new :
thank you!
they need all the luck they can get!
And for the first time, the Oscars only runs 10 minutes late.
: WTDY Everything at Noon wins best news radio show!!
Wisconsin Broadcasters Association!
Congrats!!
RT: Kent, WA on Thurs..
Marysville, WA on Fri..Seattle, WA  the Hard Rock Cafe on Sat night..
GO..U won't be disappointed!
My last post made me sound Irish..
And I love it.
Boredom comes from a boring mind.
Metallica
Jessica just called you cute Lexi!
Really?
Yeah laughs :P No really, i have to go.
Talk to you later Boo!

Rose bowl was AWESOME!
Wish I had my phone with me, BL is wearing white camo pants  jacket.
Only her, I swear.
I just ate breakfast there yesterday morning  it was heaven.
I was like, this is what I've been missing?
it was incredible.
Definite must.
Hope all is well.
pretty much.
It's like a terrible tattoo convention here.
Fabulous!!!
The Super Committee is a superjoke!
No surprise they have failed their duty!
I like older disney movies like cinderella snow white and sleeping beauty ok u can stop laughing I am a romantic
In order to have a good business, you have to have someone who understands business.
You always go to the best restaurants!
Where is this?!
lol i thought i was the only one who knew that lol
: any of you ever have Seven Kings beer?
nope?
What is it?!?
Come to In The Mix tonight for a chance to win a 50.00 gas card, a free social media campaign,  more!
See you all tonight  Aurum Lounge!
Bikram yoga class complete!
Hard to believe I've been practicing for a year now!
Love it!
Local since forever.
I love it....
Metric system.
Ha!
That went the way of the other 70s doctoram, personal jetpacks.
man, That's a bit harsh
I locked myself out of the inner part of office today.
I broke in by climbing through the reception window.
Hey Have another doctornk ...
you loser!
Last two days of solitude before kids are out of school for the summer.
Should be writing, but all I can do is smile at the silence.
You may have to fight the camp counselor!
Beers at custom built burger
amen to that I def belong to this
Bartending !
Tell the door ur here for me or Monica and get on THE LIST and get in for free and doctornk specials!
muah
on twitter
I have a lot of jeans that look a lot alike.
very nice view
Teal definitely looked like he needs a little more developing for USMNT Unfortunately
...In me you may have peace.
In this world you will have trouble.
But take heart!
I have overcome the world.
John 16
old hands?
Is that you?
Lol
Good morning..
Omg I can't wait for friday
to 11:11 and now to SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!3 I love you ; your song is perfection!
3 11
In other words,at what point will you admit that you were wrong about Limbaugh?
Give me a day.
OMG I Miss You soo much!!
Your welcome!!
I Love You!!
xoxo
yeah.
I saw this, thanks for the share!
Happy birthday to !!
thanks!
: Shout out to 
RT : I enjoyed The Artist.
It was enjoyable.
/ I enjoyed your tweet because it was shorter.
Rusted Root, Get the Led Out  Molly Hatchet just a few of the names coming to this year's Party in the Park series
hahahah so true!!
funny how this at  t mms stuff has sucked me into its weird orb
u but it did to me.
You.
Girl.
You right there.
You look like you like this shit.
We'll laugh, we'll clap, we'll pretend we're all okay.
thanks!
I moved down to Raleigh, now I do human resources work for Aerotek..
they keep me so busy!!
I have sent three emails about puppy adoptions.
ONE WAS ALREADY ADOPTED AND I FEEL SO EMPTY.
cool slideshow, D.C.
is conservative and Spain is a progressive placeseems to make sense!
you're hilarious I wish you were my best friendd hahah
Wishing I was in new buffalo this weekend, but I'll have to settle for the chi
Couple mins in and jimmyfallon is already freaking awesome
Agreed, great event!
Welcome to Detroit D4D.
girl, thanks for following!
You are amazing.
I may be a flirt ; but in a relationship I am so faithful.
Okay, not just Twitter: all of the Internet and probably cable news.
On par with the birth certificate stupidity.
C'mon, people.
Miami is amazing!!!
Ur gonna love it I hope I can meet u 3
Lol She Probably Sleep.!
Yo we need to link up bro...seriously!
Let the games begin!!
is a down fan she always mentioning me
Ricky Bobby!!!
Can't get anymore American
3WordsOfAdvice Call My Lawyer
At 2500 feet!
:
....marrying ppl who are in debt unless all your shit is PAID, u can't marry me
Fun time at the Braves game tonight.
Sounds like I missed an odd Sox game.
Glad MLB.tv has my back
Our song is on, Payphone.3333333
How is the food
Everyone follow and he will
I guess?
Today's Quote: Motherhood is the the bravest battle that ever was fought!
Joaquin Miller
Best friends know how crazy you are but they still choose to be around you in public.
;
your welcome.
Hope all is well.
I'm dedicated...
How can I be part of Inspired by Ian foundation?
Aw you're so cute.
Good afternoon babe.
:
jt on degrassi i love and miss u
anyone want some free cds?
I can't tell if that loud noise was thunder or the train shifting tracks.
so wrong HatersWillBeHaters omg if they are gana do that,should at least b funy.
Sombody should have them sterilized.
Send me link
Today has been long.
Just got out the shower and is about to cook dinner, relax and watch me some disney maybe i can catch a new episode
TIME MAGAZINE POLL: Twice as many people support Occupy Wall Street than support Tea Party.
I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.
ThingsIThinkAboutTextingYou When Its Gonna Be Official.
Obivously I Want U N' You Want Me!
Dukem is the best in town.
It's not that fancy but the quality and authenticity is trumps any other in town.
12th/U
I wish I could play tennis INSIDE.
Steven goes to bed at 9:30 sometimes.
I don't see how he does it.
But I'm jealous....Wait maybe if I got off twitter..
right on my brutha
what did Jimmy mean about  the way you're feeling ?
You sick?
And why do u not make appearances in the ford vid's?
LOVE U!
Awww.
Next time buddy.
Just got back to Bmore.
Haha yeah right !
Lucifer in the Sky with doctorgons
Laying groundwork for a new long term project today.
Horse racing culture.
Hooray for bad calls.
Because of Albert more people realized today that I am on Twitter than the previous two years combined.
If you being loved showing love getting love you in love
give the ball to Otto
New Dodgers owners announce they will lower parking from 15 to 10.
Thank you!
do you have a phone?
totes envy your job homegirl.
No I missed walking dead!!
I need my zombie fix!
Shoutout to Kevinri everyone go follow him now!
He is a cool guy!
'Have You Seen Her' or 'Think About It'
Back at ya bud!
Wow, I'm loving presentation slides  great visualization of the field of intention.
I know, same!
I got so scared when was like typing all the info in, i was like 'WHAT IF THE TICKETS SOLD OUT ALREADY haha!
AMEN!!!!!
RT : I find it funny when girls try to talk about a sport and they don't nothing about it
it was amazing you need to go see it like right now
Does anyone have this part: TMS320F28335ZHHA?
I need 5 ASAP.
eww this couple is touching each other, please get a room!!!
being super hyper and crazy with in the apple store :
Moving quickly towards our goal  looking at late October now.
30 minutes to the encore airing of last weeks Amateur Millionaires club.
Make sure to tune into MyAtl TV  10:30 tonight
luciatix not like we could get there, but we should win, because you wouldn't like us if we were angry.
RT : Congratulations to who correctly answered Kimera Bartee.
We will have another question tomorrow
I either love or hate the Internets.
Nothing in between.
Are you craving ice cream today?
It's your lucky day!
FreeConeDay at BenJerry's Friendly Center with all donations to GCM SpreadTheWord!
There is SO much contention the closer it gets to me departing.
I know it's Satan and according to DC 10:5, I always come off conquerer :
So what does that have to do with anything.
Just sing the song.
You get no passes.
Unexpected nerd observation from this weekend: tech startups really love horse races and seersucker.
And hats.
Lots of hats.
awww thank you!
:
Mike Smith to the bench for the extra attacker!
Kings forecheck is outstanding, crowd is electric.
Have you heard ?
....
Metrics coming soon
How do you handle managing personal vs brand pages on Google?
get it girl!!
Technology...
is a queer thing.
It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
Carrie P.
Snow
REUSABLE BAGS  NO TAX FOR YOU  Reusable Bags: Ex Wives
MT  Can you get a stain out of my pants if I washed them already?
Depends on stain.
Bring pants in.
Free if stain stays.
OMG I WANNA WATCH
so apparently im a cum guzzlin dumpster slut lol well thnx u thats nice thing some1 has said to me and yes i do swallow no spit
Are you kidding me?
Brent is crying?
Whole bunch of 7  8 year olds dancing in my basement
NSN IS NOW OUT ON DVD, BITCHES :
What's YOUR fascination advantage?
How do you use it in your daily life?
Its a beautiful day in ABQ.
Should have taken this weekend off.
Yes!
RT : good morning everyone!!
Tell someone you love them today and actually mean it!!
I got a great space for you to solve if you dare to venture into the land of cheese
Idea: Downtown Biz's should pony up for Ferry a la a Biz Imp Dist.
/or South Shore Towns.
4 am so in love with doctorw mcintyre .
I need coffee, too.
But where?
I feel so bad for my coworker.
She's trying to make small talk but I can't fake it.
I don't want to be here and all I hear is gibberish.
ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
A Good Friday  Passover wish to all...
Her trippy shirt smells just like her 3
embrace it
They're such collages that I remember some moments from one production and completely different ones from another.
For those wondering what that smell is in the cchs parking lot, I hit a raccoon today
OMG SAME 
Luckily not in a barn In serious need of some TLC.
We should talk, I'll fill you in.
AWW DAMN, THAT'S HOW I ALWAYS TWEET
New posts coming soon from and  and some more scandal tomorrow from Samantha
Hey, I just met you,  this is crazy, but here's my twitter, so follow me maybe?
;
I.
Am.
So.
Cool
I did put then :
Just read about your grand adventure.
Best of luck!
I really wish your parents used birth control and a condom the night you were conceived.
Good Morning Raza!!!!
All Out, All Game, All Season
OMG awesome!!!!
watching ANIME and writing music lol
I don't believe so, but because they work for the federal government and academia, their contact info should be available
Thanks for the invite ladies
sorry for the delayed response but yours is the article I'd like to respond to specifically.
I say panic bc no increase in...
you invited me
A nap sounds incredible.
goes through one ear and out the other!
No worries.
Laich takes the brunt of that blocked shot, gingerly skates off ice.
LION!
I owe you a chat.
Had to banana split after your show.
thanks!
I've had Club Garibaldi and Classic Slice.
Trying Elsa's tonight.
Fricking Pollard again,,
Thank u 4 tha Follow  Forest Factory  Cry if I want 2: via
Woops!
I meant worth
Hope you've all liked PHAME Academy on Facebook  meet our charming cast of Willy Wonka each week until our show, June 2324!
yes you do...
You can't win them all...
but I can.
I just can't keep up with kids and their fashion trends these days.
First Crocs, then leech jars.
Where does it end.
ABoyfriendShouldAlways try his hardest.
doctorftwoodsailers up next!
Thanks!
Does your radio show get many listeners?
The forecast says thunder possible in LA tomorrow.
I am way too excited about that.
I don't understand how ya move cause ya don't understand I will not lose who trill as me roll 2 a tree 
that'd be to sick!
Gunna jus b sore  ta myself
My shot breakdown for the 3 minute scene alone will be longer than 4 pages...
Oh film studies, what a fickle, arbitrary beast.
Oh yeah it's a cool bottle Fo sho
quiet I make so few mistakes that they are hard to catch.
no phones in class!
Watching Project X.
Cannot wait until summer!!!!
this coming Monday?
really?
I was shocked.
Usually employees are so nice!
Also funny  RT : And there is the 1st douche bag whioux fan
Thanks for the RT today!
Make it sizzle and smoke!
Ah yes.
too bad they never come to Greece or Cy, same as my book
Give Hawaiian Poke Bowl a shout!!!
Thanks !
We appreciate your help.
Thanks for the beautiful comment  we are all touched.
White Nixon on my left wrist!
I like it the way you move it right thurr, right thurr.
Hay u have a dog laying on ur face right now!!!!!
Lmfao :
Happy Sunday tweeters!
We have jewelers on site 7 days a week so come by Paradise Valley Mall today!
Does it need to be revived if organizations have regular valuable communication?
CARTEL LA FAMILIA, BE CAREFUL WHAT SIDE U CHOOSE...
SEIU chanting  the band on the first floor  cacophony.
It follows then that legislators will not be coming to the Rail.
Boo.
The beings wasn't twirling in the air, they were motionless until they displayed their capabilities.
Reading REWORK and loving it.
Thanks for making my 9 hour delay at LGA tolerable.
That orange was on point
wha do you mean by i got u ??
up and getting ready for another work day, u?
I was so scared yesterday.
I thought you really were going to talk about Gerald Ricardo Miris Jr.
Keele for lollapalooza.
Getting ready to take flight during the Rapture.
Hm.
Irony: These Jehovah's witnesses are likely going to hell for waking people up so early in an attempt to keep folks out of hell.
iight i got you.
Imma get on right now
DO YOU WANNA KEEP WORKING AT A JOB?
JUST OVER BROKE.
I AM SURE MOST OF YOU CAN RELATE TO THIS.
STEP OUTSIDE THE BOX AND BE YOUR OWN BOSS
True Colin.
Interesting to see what new comes out at NAB
yeahh, seriously.
I'll update it when my tweets become more regular
we'll settle this tomorrow
I know.
Thant why I mentioned it.
log onto his account and get him to follow u if u really tweet for Justin
Beautiful I miss you too!
Yes, bilocating has required much prayer and fasting but I've finally achieved it ; 
you're welcome!
Im excited for you.
I've been deleted.
Ooooweee!
It is steamy out there today my little cowpokes!
But it is refreshingly cool inside the Cow today and the 5 Texas Ritas!
Giddy Up
Thanks to and for retweets and mentions.
Much obliged!
How do we align with Health and Education?
Principal as leader, administrator as key communicator.
m watermelon :
haha wow, there deep!
:
is it me or is Spaceballs a classic?
Going to bed night night
Vacay to Scotland in August!
Any suggestions?
What is groceries?
Sorry for my bad english :P
im just saying though....apologies don't fix broken hearts.
Fridge is acting up HELP
Same old attitude but Im on dat new shit dey say dey gone rob me see me never do shit dey no dats the reason dey gone end up on a news clip
She did f a greyjoy.
That's how they got out.
lol
was all excited about boosting til i saw all the whorebots online :
IfIwasPresident I'll fire all those boring teachers in school.
Hahaha
Fuck off then bitch
The Mind Creatures is opening up for the one and only Snoop Dogg on Feb.
10th!
Get at me!
So glad that made it into the finale.
He definitely deserved it.
sohappy congratsphillip 
the grabbing and pointing also helped.
out judging for the 21st annual city garden contest with Greater Newark Conservancy
I wish I had a big enough ass for the while world to kiss.
PEOPLE: vote Fun To Be Around Clown doctorssed and MEBest Smile
Even better in person!!
An idea we love: Repair cafes in the Netherlands put planned obsolescence in its place and teach to repair broken devices...
Newest Kindle is GREAT for reading PDFs.
Tried earlier Kindle, Nook, and iPad, but this one works for me, Great contrast, weight  S/W.
Cool!
Asked by to consider blurbing book on animals; realize 1/2 through, it's not just good, it's brilliant
Looking to buy or sell a Chicagoland home?
Contact us today to learn how the current market will affect your options www.TheOertelGroup.com
Please join Bath  Body Bistro at Mama's Minerals  Lomas and San Mateo tomorrow from 104.
144 vendors, music and food.
Should be fun!
THE VOICE JUST DID THIS TO GET MORE VIEWERS.
SKSNNSSKSNS
What brought you to Scottsdale?
Did you enjoy your stay with us?
Stay alive long enough to publish it...
Complete game shut out!
Gus Frerotte thinks Mariano Rivera needs to stay away from walls
Same thing as the last games!!
Too many damn second opportunities!!!
English class 
DSW: Learning the people who knew Madison Hemmings helped to understand his move to Ohio.
Now we'll never know how many people were actually silenced.
I am shocked that they would have seen enough of Smash to know who he is.
Eating some chili..I'm cold and lazy.
A in theology.
Hell yeah.
beforetwitter I jerked off with my right hand.
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 6: Goose Island Urban Wheat Ale 312  Go Cubs!
Music Up, Lights Down, Headphones In, Tuning the World Out...
: Happy Mother's Day, Tracy!/Thanks, Deb!
You have a great one yourself!
Enjoy this gorgeous weather!
3
Les wants the Nuggets to put this one to bed so HE can go to bed.
PastBedTime RT Put this fer to bed already!
For some reason, my feet look abnormally large at the end of my legs tonight.
Random.
same here haha I love there sweet tea!
congratulations on the new opportunity with !
I don't eat junk food and I don't think junk thoughts.
Ima email you k 
ok..
i will
How do I get HowardStern and robertAbooey to the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of my Morton Downey Jr.
documentary?
gdmorning I'm fine how r u lady?
Good morning world
textanalytics understanding has variations across verticals, horizontals and even differs across applications!
Examples coming up...
Practice What You Preach Or Don't Preach At All.
Hey!
i love you Doctor Skalter hahaha Notice me!
:
Its cold in kahaluu tonight
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Received his PHD from a paper mill.
Kenzie be on one!
Good Morning Baltimore!
Let's make this week a great one!
Today's word of the day is preparation!
Preparation is the first key to success!
Gmail users experience outage  CNET
why you no come to Solofras ne mo
I LOVE YOU
have fun3
no THANK YOU, my sunshine
Just finish hittin the 7th j, more to go.
LETS GET SOME SHOWS POPPIN!
Today was awesome I basically spent the day with the hottest guys in school so fun!!!
:
Mexican zombies?
Cali Christmas...
Can You say Epic!
WHEN IS THE TAKECARE tour coming to LA?
GOTTA get front row center or ill
Favourite this tweet, because your beautiful 3
You had to set an alarm to make sure you woke up by 4pm?
You must be doing something right.
one earth...204 countries,809 islands,7 seas,7 billion people........and i'm still single
Wtf is this Cheddar's that just popped up in Avon?!
Today was my Dad's Birthday , Friday IS MY BIRTHDAY.
May Niqqa
RT : Sarah Palin has never been serious about retrieving a political office after quitting Als all she has been after is the money
Standing out here in the cold :
Going into work early.
After yesterdays SHIT STORM, I don't know if I'm ready.
Oddly, hippies be real rudecore when they can't use credit.
Watch how Obama uses the Kony campaign for his own campaign.
We sure do!
You can find Calcium gummies at :
first thing in the am.
I even use it as reading material in the bathroom.
tmi?
Thank you so much Robin!!
This painting means so much to me and it was such an honor to meet the painter in person!
This makes me happy
Boston ed struggles haven't had a contract in 2 yrs, death by many cuts to col bargain rights.
psssshhh not only is it ok...
its encouraged!
that's two hometown heros right there
You bet!
He was great to go out there and rep some TGB!
I meant no disrespect saying cafeteria style.
I was just trying to paint a picture for the readers.
Thanks for the mention!
Prom may 5,boom
Lying sack of shit.
Take that young man on his prom pretty lady!:
That terrible moment when you use your phone so much in school that you have to charge it as soon as you get home so it doesn't die..
wait.
do you go to tumblr  edit professorle?
cause i cant find it on the free online userr thing
Why are all of the Willy Wonka professorles fucking hilarious Big T
good.
Does the City slow down a bit?
Do you sing?
Share it on Good To Go.com
Legs are super sore from spin class on Tuesday and Bball tonight!
But i had pancakes and eggs for dinner so that took my mind of them :
Excellent Spa deal on www.crowdclick.com today!
Don't let it pass you up!!!
You are an illegible addoctorss
you never send me one :
my lil bro
Leavin for the baptism in 30 mins : keep tweeting, we just wont reply til waayy later :P sorry!
:
Loving!
My new underwear!!!!!!!
I think so too.
I'm predicting Rangers vs.
Devils in the ECF.
That would be really interesting.
next tattoo: an ocean wave.
i love summer.
i love the beach.
i'm really feeling this
Can u fall in love with the same person twice?
Good morning, lovelies!
Just a couple more days left to sign up for our PACKAGE SWAP.
Sign up today!
tinyurl.com/3tddzzr
That was my jam going to fourth grade baseball practice.
I mean how could I not?
If I'm going to get keys copied, they're going to be awesome.
There giving you a shot here boys!
Now capitalize!
Wanted  sweetest song ever!
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
I SURE WILL THANKS
doctor Baybeck!
I am enrolled in one of his classes for the fall!
are you looking on line or in the city?
Just put your skin baby on my skin.
My timeline: Hightop Chucks as a kid, Vans as a teenager, then lowtop Chucks in mid 20s
is so far enjoying the Magic Mouse a lot more than the Mighty Mouse.
I'm new to Arduino.
Where is the best place to buy?
I'm planning to make a sculpture.
doctorading work tonight.
NotInTheMood 
The Hoole Library's new hours start today MWF 9 am 5 pm and extended hours on TTH from 9 am 9 pm!
thank you : yes I work here every day
So, after a long night on the town where's your favorite place for breakfast ??
I heard..Sadly Im gone Friday : but lets hang next week and try and convince Tom to come Thursday instead!
Yes!
Third Coast Publishers will be posting the release date of REBELS OF THETA next week!
Practice Safe Scissoring!!!
Where's the book return?
is taking care of business and enjoying life.Thank the Lord!Time to get busy!
Hopefully have my first client, emailed out first estimate for a highend Chicken Coop.
Making a sexy playlist!
Any song suggestions?
i'm so happy for them!
I bet Simon was ecstatic!
:D
do u like the candian hats??
Why do you make comics?
that's certainly the toughest way, but I'd like to learn more about how to tell when it's time to quit the day job
Time to put the baby sheep in the oven!
Happy weekend to you!
Take care...
would it be better if the 2 x 4 was painted to match the car?
Lol
Welcome National Anthem Singer Lea Carranza for this year's event!
www.hopeforfirefighters.org
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind  M.K.
Gandhi
Got bankrolls no stuntin
did you make it out to the Vevet room last night
I could write a thesis on the complexities of Mark Wahlberg's theatrical stylings.
UK cosmetologist sentenced for illegal tooth whitening
Is every conservative in San Diego calling into KPBS now :
Fuck!
I need to get my ps3 fixed or get a new one, everyone's on ps3 for that game.
:
Chance is never quite chance, but that does not eliminate accidents.
: If you missed an Easter service, check out to hear message...
man is on fire lovemychurch
Dining with founders?
Yes, plz.
Great to meet you finally
Merck professort Tops Analyst Estimates on Diabetes doctorgs
love it!!
We ignore the bulls in the bible about shellfish, dinner, slavery, virginity...
Dan Savage
To follow us on Twitter, text follow TheCabotGroup to 40404
i love you , you love me ..
You never know what the future will hold.
Just stay positive and never give up.
feel like going to sleep early tonight.
night twitter ha
The less that we say  the more that we do talks volumes to our souls.
as to what we think of ourselves and the lives that we lead.
Ogt scores tomorrow ...
Wish me luck :
Cypress St from Yanceyville to Dewey St will be closed from Wednesday  9 am  Thursday  4 pm for waterline rehab.
Use alternative routes.
DID YOU FIND IT MY LOVE?!?
;D
Left work early for you to see what you have to say to me..hope this is worth it.
you think he never had a concussion?
you think his knees didn't hurt?
impossible.
WHERE RU
I'm impressed by how Brouwer's modernity combines with folk and dance idioms.
n00b notes on oil painting 3.
Hey, twitter doesn't hashtag numbers in a list!
Far out.
yes, soon.
I think I shldve gone w the sheppard's pie like you instead of the chicken pot.
Life 2.0 Can happen virtually the moment you choose.
Let Designs by DeYoung make it tangible.
He pulled out a flip phone when he tried to get my number...
I just made the most amazing mac and cheese I've ever eaten in my life and i made them myself.
This weekend they stumbled across a MAJOR MOTION PICTURE SET and apparently braced some poor AD when they saw it was a zombie movie.
EU k
my mom is still mad at me cause i said fuck church.
i just don't want her to be mad at me anymore.
blehh
: Uh that's been on the front page of our site since early this morning.
sorry about that.
north tustin , lemon heights
Earl Klugh ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
You changed I can't go back
at hotel cleaning up.
C calling ur C
Thank you for following, I will and do follow back.
Enjoy today because tomorrow isn't guaranteed.
i was just sayin
that is frustrating.
I you get the cma done though and secure the business!!
Cats fed It's 28F out there in April.
Strange.
Safe to say that money comes in from discovering ways to make money from cyberspace!
Sometimes I just wann go home.
Writing is more difficult than making a really hard game.
Michael Kayin O'Reilly, creator of 'I Wanna Be The Guy'
Yeah 3 But I wonder if he will come to Chicago again :'/
Good day at the park w.
my mom nephews and Jesus : baseball, kickball, and volleyball  a fucked up knee .
I love that guy.
entrylevel and experienced doctornkers alike can buy in to scores/points/medals.
Seems to serve as a vote of confidence.
It does sound like bagpipe.
I'm guessing that plus the SacredHarp song are supposed to sound Celtic?
In case you are missing the NFLdoctorft, the crowd is Whating the Commish.
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.
Live Jazz this evening at Braxton featuring The Rose Colella Trio from 47pm braxtonseafood.com
Why do they have a redcarpet at WH Correspondents' Dinner?
And why are there no correspondents there?
New episode now avail on iTunes!
We discuss NHL  NBA playoffs, NFL doctorft busts  sleepers,  AMC's The Killing epi 6 What You Have Left
The mayor nominated Ms.
Anne M.
Selee, doctor Cathleen A.
Gray, Ms.
Velva R.
T.
Spriggs, Ms.
Faith J.
Bonner, and Ms.
Michelle Y.
Rose.
ill miss you!
I told you to miss it...I knew she wouldn't be there...:
: As I suspected, Newt moon base Gingrich is an alien his noggin has always reminded me of a Grey.
insecure ??
Get it together u know better hoes gone be hoes
The last day of Dance Is The Answer!
Special classes today at Elements Fitness and Wellness Center, Maryland Youth Ballet,  Dance Place.
yes always punk;
: new products coming soon: shrimp starter soft shell crab main ribeye main rhubarb dessert
May have taken want a little Irish in you?
too far.
Just injected a leprechaun into my bloodstream to find the pot of gold in my liver.
I'm glad u have a sense of humor!
LOL
not at the moment.
The warmest thing we have is windbreakers.
What makes dance such a fun and invigorating activity?
Rachel takes a lesson from an expert at Shan Yee Poon's Ballet School  5:30
sheer brilliance.
Imma make mines look pretty in da morning...iDont feel like doing it rite now :P
I swear I'm way more exhausted for doing nothing  work than for actually working
workin on a campaign for a golf resort
lol I wouldn't go that far
this is NOT thirst
Round of applause, baby, make dat ass clap.
doctorp it to the floor, make dat ass clap.
And MFA thesis I is Advanced.
Story bootcamp for your book.
You'll see.
We have a great time.
We aren't through yet, just wait!
Great ideas, thanks for checkin us out!
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen I'm about to hug someone insanely sexy and I hit my face on the mirror.
it's not funny  so embarrassing omg
God is really shaking things up in my life.
Forcing me to grow.
To leap in faith.
To be bolder.
Faith everlasting.
We're in.
But I can't dismiss what might happen when Gloria comes on screen.
no one told me the BreakingDawnPart1 trailer came out!!
Mood: Shocked
We'd like to see an artist rendering!
Exited about the N Williams of this Monday!!!
accelerometer on my Samsung Vibrant locked up, so it was time for a mobile mindwipe.
andoctorid is a little too much like MS Windows.
Watching Our Idiot Brother in bed with The Hub : Hope everyone had a fun day today!
XOXO
We about to purrnnnn
kogi truck spicy pork sliders  short rib taco  happiness.
now if only momofuku had a w.
coast truck...david chang?
Been sitting in Seattle 40mins waiting for my ride.
Thankful for this Beer right now.
Fro already scored....going with
If Aquaphor was a doctorg I would definitely have been featured on Intervention by now.
That would be lovely.
I think IPO then Mobile is the priority right now.
Four days left.
Then I have I take a few finals.
Then it's time for summerbreak2012 
link isn't working
Wait till you see how the no bells thing works out!
Everyone just gets out of their class whenever
AND that grannie panties are not for public consumption.
I thought the video of pulling a blade, was both illuminating and distracting?!
Looking through this year's TT offerings in DH has made me realize how many different definitions of DH there are.
um just looked in2 da crowd.
Bo Derek is like 8 rows back.
Much of the American coverage on Egypt is disgusting.
It's all about the Muslim Brotherhood.
Proving their ingorance about this whole thing
get out this afternoon and support the Girls basketball in regional tournament play at Bellermine!
Megan and Liz are calling people, tweet them your numbers!
:D
proud Packer fan :
The priest will make an atonement for you, to cleanse you, that you may be clean from all your sins before the LORD.Leviticus 16:30
The three great fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, first, hard work; 2nd, sticktoitiveness; third, common sense.
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen .
My stomach hurt :
Alien or human, you are a brand.
Hasbro has gaming, story, and feature in the branding wheel house.
How's 'your' branding going..?
love the updates.
no need to apologize :
Can you follow back?:
Not my best work but passable I think.
: School is lame  I KNOW RIGHT!
UGH.
yeah man, great deal!
ON DECK!
hello.
I just wanna see your face!
And I need help finding my shoes for prom!
iBooks seems to render PragProg books better than Kindle.
For nontech, Kindle starts up faster.
Much faster.
Hey that was cool!
;o
Something is not right with a world where James Van Der Beek is allowed to play a crazed pedophile.
Adam Lambert Named Top Ten Gay Musician PHOTOS entertainment.gather.com/viewArticle.ac
Your Moving!
Come To CALIFORNIA!
You Have Mahomies Here too:
appreciate that!!
RT : We will be closing early tonight for Our Holiday Party at 5pm.
So make sure to stop by before then.
Wait, what?
You mean alien ships CAN'T be hacked with a macbook pro and a serial cable?
what?
What?
WHAT?
So I'm thinkin bout skate bordin at 2 a.m ace world
Free time, time to finally listen to DC2
Planning to tackle the personalization beast, however briefly.
Meet you at the room or...?
Welcome!
That sounds like the perfect state for great ideas :
dh11 altac altac Is that just relative stability, though?
Nothing's stable, but compare stability of altac vs private sector?
by Rochester.
You're welcome to some if you can get crossstate faster than I chew.
I know I Iive in spanish Harlem and everything but why is it that everyone stairs at the gay white boy?
We poor Too!
Wow...
STUNNING.
Definitely gonna see Katy Perry: Part of Me in 3D.
Irish breakfast at Plough and Stars.
I am deliriously full.
YUM.
Think I'll just start saying  doing dumb shit like everyone else,seems like the new trend
3 am is gonna come way too early!
But so excited for a week in Austin, Texas!
:
LOL!
I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY PERSON WHO FELT LIKE THT
Do not use your own marketing money to promote someone else's site.
Alum event on the Hill hearing about Thomas Jefferson with
No matter what I do it will never be good enough.
Allen brain institute looking to consolidate into new facility to house doubled staff, new research efforts
: Love to see that our guysdoing work for the USMNT and glad the schedule this year should help by not losing them during MLS
Rev.
Ray Kemp is at 's One City Summit todaybe the first to tweet photo proof, we'll send you a free book
you gonna be coming down here this fall bro?
WOW!
via RT : DOC Explore: Un feuilleteur pour valoriser les documents patrimoniaux
when's NYC?
Would love to come hang.
I have a question regarding traveling in MX with infant and car seats.
Can you follow back so I can DM you?
thx
yeah buddy xD
that doctorke doctorwing was brilliant
At first I thought you said forts.
That seems plausible, too!
gahhh I miss you more!
One day I will
Jays doc was interesting bc it showed you interacting with others..even showing up first!
Def not the cantankerous Reed.
at Sbux and my headphones just snapped in half.
fml I hope I got the warranty
Buy 12 weeks and get 3 WEEKS FREE Coupon Code : CE2012NYR12 Order by noon today for Monday delivery.
Do you sing?
It's possible I actually feel worse today than I did yesterday
Staring at code for the last few hours.
Had no breakfast and I'm on my 4th cup of coffee.
That's bad right?
When a team has 3 No.1 type WR's, they don't care what number we give them, they are all 1's lol
Anyone notice the print button disappearing from more and more news sites and blogs?
I'm getting old.
I thought you knew him!
He's a legend.
wtf i need to stop believing in people.
Hey there!
I've been so slow on the twitter lately so I'm just getting this...
Today has been a sweatshirt and hair pulled back kind of day.
Can't wait for e.company's cd release party this Saturday at Blue Nile.
Sharing the stage is Gravity A and Big Rock Candy Mountain.
Oh Yeah!
It's a sick feeling when you want to trust someone but they continue to show you why you shouldn't and you know they are doing wrong.
Follow the finest promotion team i've ever seen :
My attitude is loud, my demeanor is loud, and my watch is even louder.
Calvin Johnson is a
Anyone have good articles on the advantages of semantic technology for data integration that they'd recommend?
I guess I have changed.
I keep seeing on campus.
We don't go to the same school.
Have you seen the latest GRIMM?
One of City Liquidator's properties was featured in it!
Can you guess what scene it was?
say that again!
Link?
Or are you saying that article should be written?
thanks man.
Greatly appreciated.
The album doctorps the 6th, stay tuned man and good luck
Merry Christmas to everyone
Go back and listen to Hello Nasty.
I love cute
Argggg!
More hours have been cut at work.
How annoying!
Going to the grandma's for the day my brother has a swim meet

Hip hop is numero uno, as it encompasses jazz, soul, rock, blues and other styles within it.
Our happy hour seems to have extended...still goin on
You can push excellence down, try to cover it up, or try to ignore it.
But no matter what you do to it, it always rises to the top.
doctoroling YUMMY!!!
What are you doing tonight?
Going to the IUSUW meeting?
That's right!
6:30 in BH233!!
See you there!!
I'm not even lying...
I kind of want to try the Doritos taco from taco bell.
Changing the way I think has made my doctorams come true, and it can do the same for you.
In the words of the great prophet Kim Mitchell: Might as well go for a soda.
Nobody hurts and nobody cries.
omg Austin's new song...
asdfghjkl
Storm's coming for the weekend.
How will it impact your plans?
has the forecast on 7News at 5:30.
of Faith...looking forward to an awesome evening
Rainy Friday morning don't make getting out of bed especially motivating.
Permission to stay in bed, please?
Thank You!!!
I followed you b/c of !
its your birthday?
I didnt know this and i now feel bad : But happy birthday!
:D
you better bring yo as afterwards ya heard me ya hurd meh
Houston!
what about you?
Aww so cute!
:
hasn't been a good game in over a century why start now.
And we are following you back.
: Thanks!
You will reply to the other girls, why should I be exempt?
: .
We'll have power strips in all the meeting sessions at lma12 tomorrow.
Woot to
Rebecca Black is never wrong.
It is a professorund riddle: Which is front and which is back, trust or doubt?
But seriously.
Come help me pack.
WolfAccents about to kill it tonight
You guys listen to too much rap.
Its all about rock and heavy metal.
i wish Would Follow Me!
Marry me Mat Kearney
SHOUT OUT TO MY QUEENS OF MEDIA!
luv u all madly!
i don't like tweeting/texting/writing capital letters unless necessary
Commissioner Scott: We need to teach the curriculum, not the test.
I see the system teetering on testing side.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME YOUR SO AMAZING AND IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU DID SO PROUD OF U AND WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT U FOLLOW ME 3333
Yeah been reading a bunch about their new updates.
Haven't worked with it since its release after struggling with a test project.
hells yea man.
Fresh new track tomorrow.
We're looking into it has done Mets games in the past maybe they would do one again this summer!
Eating a waffle :P
Unbelief is a spirit designed to stop the flow of God's power in your life.
Be a Believer
spring break!!
going to the beach!
:
Digging being back in conference mode ...
with fine food and good people to sweeten the deal.
There is in true beauty, as in courage, somewhat which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.
William Congreve
True storymy parents met at Tiogue Dairy Queen.
Indeed!!
Thanks for sharing.
cant wait to see you tmister!!!
:
I'm playing solo tonight at downtown Disney in Orlando
The Monstars have left DWade's body
Thanks for following us guys!
Much appreciated :  Jared
have a safe and exciting time welcoming the new year!
goodbye '09...
hello '10!!
Coach Avery Johnson did a great job speaking to the students at Iroquois today.
First Class !
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions.
I need more followers come on and show some love
Football is America.
they have been my team since I was 3 and I'm 11 now!
Wearing purple for epilepsyawareness today.
I've been epileptic since I was nine years old, and lucky enough that I can manage my condition
but why u so sexy doh?
thank you!
I remember when Desperate Housewives was supposed to be a murder mystery show.
haha great.i thought mysterio had a great mask.
: Thumbs up on the Best Buy commercial brandbowl Agreed.
IAlwaysWonderIf you think of me as much as I think of u
Just saw the score in the Lakers game...
Not expecting much out of this series, but  ouch
1 hour and counting.....AC guy supposed to be pulling into my doctorveway.
Well fuuuccck I should reschedule my trip to Alaska then too haha.
Swifties Belong With Taylor
hi!
I'm blogging for Entrepreneur Mag  would love to get a quick photo of you guys today.
Do you have a sec to meet up?
Fuck you, Glee
And using jme with Kaltura to make videos that play gracefully from moodle on ipad as well as Chrome, IE, Firefox frm Katura CDN
Alicia just said could care less when it should be couldn't care less.
Oops!
RESTAURANT WEEK STARTS TODAY!
Mon, Sept 13th Sun, Sept 19th!
3 course menu 4 25, at all Atlanta locations
not sure  not my kitteh :/
Dang!
Rangers, you're doin GREAT.
woo
I love the 1930s of the 1970s.
We need to hang out soon.!:
Service was great, as usual...
its helpin me get closer 2 him :o
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
This blows :/
my text was April fools by the way...I hope you knew that....
it should be!
Many changes ahead for them!
now has Refill by Scan, where your smart phone scans a barcode and sends the refill notice to the pharmacy.
Smart!
Cool!
DM me size and addy and I'll get something in the mail for you.
ALL the Senators Who Voted Against the Violence Against Women Act Were Republican Men.
u already know
Ha, yeah, all great ones.
m/
thank you
whats up lady
you don't work till 1?
That means we close together!!!
:D
We too are global, independent  musical!
Hope u have a chance 2 check out  dig you some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success!
At Nicks getting something to eat.
Trailer coming?
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!:
It's not too late; you can still get 50 cent beer tonight until close!
Ha!
I know you're soaking it up in Florida, but you're missing some gorgeous weather up here!
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
Hmm, I always loved my old non smartSamsung before  I even washed it once and it lived.
We'll see if VZW will let me switch...
Seriously don't want to be doing this right now..
We love all our 399 followers but we're dying to know who number 400 is going to be!
There may be a prize involved.
Bout to get my goal keeper on, playing the 1 undefeated team, and I'm smelling a victory!!!
My teeth hurt.
Is that a bad thing?
Ah morning Twitterville!
Lets make this the best Monday of the month.
thx for noticing, ...
we thought it was important.
I wonder if that'd be my superpower...100 original.
Really?
PreQualifying??
: RT : Ladies.
Retweet if you are attending ladies night with me and our staff on June 2
Actors:You never know whats being done for you behind the scenes.
Try not to get frustrated when the phone doesn't ring.
Hang in there
lucky!
Got to watch your show today.
Est
i love big black clocks.
I haven't actually made the smoothies, but I know at least one person whose freezer is always loaded with nanas.
Great review!
Well written.
I saw that with the mic stand too...great insights
Pinky promises are LEGIT.
You NEVER break a pinky promise.
I always get the words carnal and carnage mixed up.
I guess it's easy to do.
They both mean the same thing.
You're fucked..
Please don't judge me till you have walked a mile in my shoes...
Issue No.
6 now on sale at these fine retailers: Alexander Book Co, Mo'z Cafe, Fog City, Arkipelago Philippine Books and Fog City News.
i follow ur other account and today is my brithday!
It was legendary, and we were there!
Oh great, I'm gonna cry again
ily too baby ;
Note Hillary Rosen's appearance!
Not much has changed.
I know.
Our D ballsohard is playing LIGHTS OUT!!!
Can't wait to see who shows tomorrow.
Feeling confident.
You???
I love HBO 2 Go..
I can watch HBO anywhere anytime!
Wow.
Really?
RT Noon rally today, West steps of Capitol in support of Colorado families and against civil unions.
A: No, personalized interactions are still the minority.
We can always do better
Success only happens after failed attempts...
hm...
think I'll settle for one day of Austin City Limits...
me and music festivals don't really mix
Ready to do the clerics bench dance CelticsNationBitch 
Can you share a link with the class?
hahah I'm screwed
milwaukee beautiful day today!!
Want an a fillinger inc hoodie or tshirt?
Tweet at us a request!
That's for sure !!!
Virginia will host the 2011 Championship Game this Fri.
against the twotime defending champion Locos at 5pm PDT, as league shortens season.
Holly is okay, nothing wrong with her shoulder.
sohappy :
We're only teenagers.
We go to school.
That's easy.
And maybe sports or clubs?
YOU DON'T NEED COFFEE.
YOU NEED SLEEP.
tweettogoal timing not as good, still worked.
Stop by my office a few minutes before.
No doctorss code.
for the share
Since I wasn't here on Firday, let's do some
a hindi a cappella group should do a mashup of uhoh uhoh from mujhse fraandship karoge and stuck like glue
We support Hollywood businesses
just got the syllabus for next week btw.
I am pretty excited after reading it over :
nice post.
I've had to load storage doctorvers so many times over the years just like described
Next session chasing greatness and this is what each of us must do in the game of life as we chase our doctorams
Web Tool Smackdown about to begin via got to say these are great free webinars and am glad I joined the TLC
I know I'm goofy  hyper  sometimes annoying  rude  always sarcastic  even immature, but it didn't hurt until it came from you.
Absolutely helps our chances!
Get ready for a flurry of offense by Nashville
Lisa and I just had pictures made with Chinese delegates are over 700 of them in attendanceyoung and dynamic group!
ya maybe.
I don't think it is a thumb issue anymore.
Just really bad atbats
I already have mine : RT: : There's only one month until Red Dot.
Call 227.6960 to purchase tickets.
LOVED how the Roots played the All That theme when Nick Cannon came out.
Aw!
time flies like an airplane, fruit flies like bananas lol :
Better watch out now...
i am excited for the future however.
You bet.

you riding today?
I have all intentions but feeling lasts night's festivities and martinis.
;

A loving woman, deserves a loyal man...
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
THEY GONNA PERFORM GTB AND mister.
RIGHT!
its a numb feelin as soon as ur heart gets shattered 2 pieces, it dnt hit u until u have time 2 let it, LOVE is a powerful creation :
Nick just turned 5 this month, and we've got our first instance of him being bullied.
Advice?
Come in this afternoon and pick up a tasty treat, B.O.G.O.
1/2 off on all edibles for you to eat.
;
dope...still recoverin
The ongoing mystery can finally come to a stop.
For it is I who took the cookies from the cookie jar.
1.5 million NPOs have a combined revenue of 700 billion and 2 trillion in assets.
That's a lot of resources to tackle the world's problems!
CTA Rucker: There are already specific safeguards in the education code to immediately remove teachers accused of these types of offenses.
go follow and I'll love you forever
way better with the phone interview than the TV interview
My brain is telling me to run...
My couch is telling me to stay.
Finish this Irish!
read the blank written
was good
Gotta get me an SUV.
MY BIG BODY IS WAY TO BIG for this compact small body Hyundai.
thx for the RT hope to see ya at an event soon!
Lol all these tweets giving my computer a spam LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Just finished another chapter!
I'm one chapter away from completing doctorft 3 in its entirety.
New Caprica was a total bummer, man.
Trying to get used to Twitter I'm a fb fan!
Well Deserved RT : Tim Tebow is being allowed to pick the team he wants to go to.
He picks the trade.
Jets or Jacksonville.
Titans GM Webster: I thought he looked comfortable  we had a good visit.This is another important step in the process.WTF copied Elway!
I WILL BRING U ONE
NBS swing trade goal of .50 broke resistance at .39
Watching live streaming performances on Waterwheel from Tunisia, Australia, Spain, and US at CNSI at UCLA
I didn't even know she was in the closet.!!
i have  fuck off
I didn't see you said that.
Think we will move back into first round?
Oh gosh, am I gonna see Jesus weiner?
I know I saw :
Oh man, that's how it always goes.
At least you have the 51s to keep you warm.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW3 i love your music!
you should also checkout !
xoxo have a fantastic evening:
New CandySwipe game comment in the andoctorid market Candy Swipe sticky fingers Fun to play!!
by Darlene
I have decided that we aren't that creepy with tha gang.
at least we don't do fan fiction...
ok.
And idk hold up.
Every now then I look around at my friends I realize: If these AMAZING ppl like me, I must be pretty ok myself
FUCK SLEEP ITS SUMMER!
!!!!
What am i supossed to do when the best part of me was always you.
I use to use MEL but decided to make a play on my first name  middle name theeir my initials
Totally, it's the opposite end of the spectrum!
not quite Harvey Dent in the Dark Knight but it should get the job done
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 7
Anyone who isnt doing the Cleveland 1/2 should at least do the Komen for the Cure 5k in Cbus this weekend!
Wish I could!
:Have either of U used spicy peanut sauce, instead of tomatobased sauce, for pizza?
What is The Avengers and why is everyone talking about it?
Looking for the best YA book blogs to follow.
Suggestions?
you tweeted this who would see it that doesnt have a twitter?
lmao
Where My Ian At ?
Junk is a large, round tupperware container, just isn't as catchy.
Thanks for RT of LAW info, the organizers are having trouble reaching their normal audience through listserves
Only cool cats dance while rollerblading
all day girl!
Let's get it!
The role of procurement in the b2b process can change the picture entirely.
k, screw it.
This to shall pass!
Data.gov...
now has 167 THOUSAND data sets available??
I'm expecting Demi Lovato's video for Give Your Heart a Break to be very experimental.
Who Has a Privately owned business building in KansasCity or Kansas If so contact me
arentyoutiredof 100 degree weather  no ac.
?
my best guy friend decided he didnt want to be friends anymore out of nowhere and it's created a huge mess
Happy labor day!
Laboring at work...
At least weather forecast is low to mid 90s this week!
OK, I'm going to shut up now and go back to cutting and pasting some words.
CU on Sunday as I share a word  Hank Stewarts White Linen Sunday with music by CantonJones.
The celebration will be  the Sheraton Atlanta
We should write a Twitter story today.
Tweet something, tweet  who you want to continue the story, whathappensnext, see how long it lasts
congrats on the condo IndependentWomanTweet gettem girl
DO THE DANCE DARE RICKY!!!!!
:D
A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have.
Trust him and everything will always turn out fine.
I couldn't make it through.
Executive summary as to what it is and why anyone should care would help.
Specializing in the identification of secretaries, technology, word processing, support staff and legal administrative staff.
fuck them...
Don't stop tweeting
your messing with my head, boy thats what you do best.
saying theres nothing you wont do to get me to say yes.
x
xoxo and always use protections xo
seriously?
Government funding for criminals?
:/
Who has better cameras?
MSG or ESPN?
thanks Ray!
Hope all is well with you.
Really!?!?
Let me know, would love to see you : You're always welcome at my place!
yeah.
Can't wait to celebrate witcha!!!
RT Sounds like someone's a bit too excited ab the : Multiple reports of streaker in JD Williams Library
is free a good enough promotion?
Feelin the same way!
Worst idea ever: researching food blogs while fasting for 36 hours to prepare for a medical procedure.
laughing at you
or at least a beer allowance ;p
Well done Latics!
Two huge wins in the space of a week.
multimedia authoring practice: authoring, layers, compression, editing, audience
Redsox piecing it together with Melanson and
I think your picture is the most awesome thing I've ever seen.
I too want to be a ninja warrior diva :
Team Fliqz getting ready for the move to the new digs...
moving boxes, scotch tape, and labels galore!!
you take me all directions ah but now i see it
The hardest thing I've ever had to do is letting go.
Congrats to the Baltimore Orioles on 2 consecutive victories  the last time they won 2 straight games in July, Juan Samuel was manager ...
Txt anyone im not busy at the moment.
Msg me forr   lets play doctorw Something AnthonyScum713
Sign on funky used car lot: Preloved Autos
Texas: Centennial is closing seven stores in Dallas, Fort Worth and Hebron.
Via Dallas Morning News
Wave goodbye to the past, there's a whole life to lead
Good Morning Joey!
yes sir!
You're welcome.
D We're happy too.
burning Cd's for the car ride to go see tomorrow.
Can't wait.
Nails.....
Or Homework.......
Yea definitely going for food instead
Haha, what did you put?
nvm booked all day friday from like 8am ugh...will let u know thought lol u can just sleep in and stay with lexi while im out
u been sayin u didn't get my calls for the last few days let me find out
StoryCorps, have not heard of it, will need to check this website out.
Watching the cooking channel.
Virtually ate a lot of food I could not make
Were it not for hope the heart would break.
Scottish Proverb
I just want summer at this point.
Why they blastin music at 2am
Thanks!
What are the soc media habits there?
I'd like to see how much she knows and if it matches w/ what others say :
Had conference call with Image last week.
Should hopefully have something official to say soon.
I've grown to realize the joy that comes from little victories is preferable to the fun that comes from ease and the pursuit of pleasure.
LB
Wonder how many 'modern' films would be equally as powerful without 'talking'.
Thanks for your continued support of RIF!
I hope this luck keeps up all weekend!
Grats on getting rid of Grampa's car.
Just for the record, Verizon cant hold a candle to Comcast.
They are slow and want to do everyting by machine VERIZON SUCKS!
CANTOR GAMING AND PALMS CASINO RESORT ANNOUNCE ...
Woke up this morning with some eye disease.
it's not titled yet.
Baba has been to busy to go do it so I can't insure it and start riding lol
in Atlanta Georgia,at a hotel
Hi.
I love you.
Too bad i dont exist too you: I 3 Delanie
He/she is/will always be an average student.
BIZARRE...RT : With Bieber, 50cent and TripleH in your corner!!
How can you lose lol
hey, how you been doing?
Where are y'all throwing' back 'ritas today for Cinco de Mayo?!
Good morning
Thanks!!
Should be a good time :
who is this 76er fan now court side in Boston?
Floor seats at home, in CHI, now Boston.
What are you doing for MLK day?
Taking the day off to get some fresh air?
I got you baby!
hello!
Thanks for following.
I visiting Quezon years ago.
It was a great experience.
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly when I pull up lean your seat all the way back
My mind works like lightning.
One brilliant flash and it is gone.
Tomorrow 12pm to 5pm will be for another foodie gift basket building event.
There's a sparkling wine tasting.
Be ther
why u aint say wats up?
thank you very much for the follow.
But his real point is about the Young Bucks.
Those punks are going to learn a lesson when they face off with the Ants again.
RT : Did I already say: God reminded me of His faithfulness today.
I should really be asleep.
guitar and thinking bout stuff
I love my Mom
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
Follow me back bro im Shae G from
Can't they send 1st and 2nd year players down to the NBDL now?
They're not going to send guys down that can contribute.
Life is short but there is always time for courtesy.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ladies stop wearing them pajama pants and them dirty uggs!!
Especially if your in your 30a
It will get easier.
On my 4th!!
Love em
jawbone up sold out before i could get it and so did the nike fuel band right now.
You gave up on me, you gave up on US....
I miss talking to you!
Congrats to Ruidoso for 1st place PR for Swallow Fire communication.
cope/kōp/ V: Deal effectively with something difficult; Cover joint/structure with a coping.
N: A long, loose cloak.
You too!: : hope you have a wonderful day!:
3 free throws for Let's break this open
Husband reading the Yahoo headlines outloud.
He reads: Could you be addicted to excersise?
Our answer in unison: Nope
Does anyone know how to block someone on LinkedIn ?
Just got a 5 minute Skype call that made my night 
Dear Temple Run, I chose to turn.
Not to jump.
Sincerely, Pissed Off
Lunch with Jakob and one of my best friends today!
Can't wait.
I am so excited.
That awkward moment when a guy takes more time to fix his hair than a girl does
Currently listening to Daydoctoram Believer.
So sad, isn't it?
Heard was there  if she's hanging w/Ron, she MUST be sassy.
; No worries, I'll make him do another one!
Wait.
SRI...
Tf for.
We're Seniors..
Pointless.
Watching Pens with
C'mon people!!!
Let's get verified!!!
pwease :
RT BREAKING FROM ABC NEWS: Buffering...
fremont thunder not good  true that.
I heard : Suckage.
Guys like Crawford, who aren't totally young and depend on their legs scare me.
They never age well.
I honestly adore how your twitter is dedicated to Bieber's Legs .
Too bad they didnt use that part in the video huh?
lol
I feel bad for the doctor who's about to examine this horrendous poison ivy reaction I've had.
I'm like the elephant man, only itchier.
Three new adult industry top level domains to be released: Are you protecting your brand from cybersquatters?
My coworker just walked in with a full mouth, smiled and said: This is the last place I thought I'd find Jewish cookies.
Don't be annoying RT : How do I become cool?
help me!
Lmao
Dick Clark hologram tour featuring Ryan Seacrest and Mark Summers.
S/O to You did good boo :
: People on instagram need to stfu and stop acting like its fuckin facebook.
Lol i agree
do you think Rex Ryan experiences pain every time Woodhead scores?
He's too good to play like a jet.
ha.
Boom.
RT : Emery says Hardin will play safety with Bears and is medically sound now
RT : teamnokids that why I go so hard
CTFU...
THATS MY ONLY WAY TO MAKE IT THRU MY DAYS LLS
I have an ache with regard to my head
Shooting at the walls of heartache  I am The Warrior.
I'll change that stability if you keep fucking getting on my nerves 
Gonna sleep in my own room for the first time in like weeks.
Ha.
nothinnn watching the hannah montana movie haha im such a loser
Have a Huge Wedgie Email me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies?
or text me 9546089103
I was without any type of electronics for 45 minutes cause the power went out and my phone died.
So I read some of my old stories lol
OMG  that outfit was terrible!
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take  love more than you hate.
Agree, hilarious!
You cannot honestly be calling this game fixed.
Refs have blown hard on both sides tonight.
It cant.
For my own sanity it cannot happen.
Where's this free food on campus today?
Eating pineapples with paper chopsticks.
Taking the kiddies for a Sunday morning hot cocoa ::the good life::
sandwich cost 11 down Fanuel Hall I'm pissed.
Hi Newt, would you please help to get rid of the electoral college?
Outdated.
Please help us make sure EVERY vote counts!
TY!
Is it too early to start planning my wardoctorbe for ALA12??
X games ski super pipe
Or maybe just cereal lol
the ice is tilting back the other way again, come on boys skate it out.
Good for you!
After a Minnesota winter, Arizona will be a welcome escape.
As for me, I'm thinking about a summer getaway.
have a safe flight.
Guess you're going out of JFK since you didn't holla lol!!!!
don't straight face me foo
Used to live by the Ale House.
The buffalo chicken dip is to die for.
2,000 miles away.
I'm counting down the minutes, seconds, hours, every single day...
Idon'twanttofeellikethis
happy birthday babe!
It was good meeting you at Hacker Dojo.
Hope you've had a chance to check out Readability
That's some nice team reporting there.
Did your partner get a byline on the story?
IIFC you're a So.Fl native?
Bittersweet journey.
Keep us posted, ok?
I'll be home saturday night before easter then i have monday off but i'm going back to school monday night, so not long hbu?!
i wouldnt mind it if i didnt have to work in it!
It's true: the Rolls goes from 0  ascot in 5.4 seconds.
great, hope u enjoy.
I'll enjoy my .
It's a refreshing change...
now if can just keep my eyes open!!
; RT : Hope you are having fun in the...
Treat a person you really care about like shit
Maybe if you payed more attention and showed more intress you would see what Im trying to tell you
Bye everyone!
Thanks for all of the awesome feedback and suggestions on the finest of Chicago nightclubs!
of course!
Have a great weekend!
: xo
: Band name: Gays in the Military.
First hit: Ask and Tell
Thanks to all who have come to our event on Edelman's Trust Barometer tonight.
With the weather and traffic, we appreciate it.
Me  Aaliyah about to have to much fun I'm about to take a nap so I can be up all night w/ them :
forget it babyy
I must agree you're just like me.
That sad moment when answers the group chat before my iMessage
Check out AU Discover the World of Communication at audiscover.org!
THANK YOU.
thank you!
I'm outta my fuckin mind
I want to see my 76er's and the Nuggets in the NBA Finals!
That'll be one hell of a matchup!
Gymnastics meets are officially over for the YEAR!
Time 2 get n cruise control  summer mode!
Braves games!
Today is a great day love life to the fullest and love the person you love and be loved
FREE 3 Room Carpet Cleaning w/ Any Air Duct Cleaning Service Purchased
HAH!
Was just explaining to my 9 y/o that We are the Champions came along way before the movie Chicken Little
there is no explanation as to why this isn't working.
No brand following required, should be simple checkin/shout
performing at Cal State Fullerton tonight at 7:30pm.
Open to public and free!
Titan Theatre, 800 N.
State College Blvd., Fullerton, CA,
Is it Friday yet?
I'm ready to mingle.
No more worries
I need some sopranos to sang that 4 me!!
From toppa my head From toppa my head From toppa my head Alto Soula my feet!!
God is good!
hiya!
i had a few minutes to doctorp in before my live show tonight.
how are you today?
having a good week?
tgif...almost!
I'm turning into one of those people who are fond of cats.
st.
pattys day got the best of me.
Johan Galtung has arrived!
He's going to be chatting with a few Envision folks about the future of our museum first.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!:DiLuv you all
M I love it when attractive maintenance men come to my house :
Butt in seat, last nights vino, 5 pages: Go

WE  THE VAULT 4 The Cinco De Mayo EDITION OF GRADBASH ...
GRADS FREE ALL NITE LADIES  GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
Thank you for the RT!
Cruel intentions soundtrack is just on point
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.
B.B.King
sort of belair.
in the home of one of the loveliest women i've ever met.
you'd like to orderthere is a 20 friends/family discount code1209 and free shipping for 3 or more
and come out to tonight after ur win!!!
Lesser people than you, have done more difficult things than this.
In Plain Sight
don't give up.
Stay Hongry!!!
lol
beautiful!
Keep updating!
See you tonight!
:
when are we having our twitter teach?
I'll show you the ropes, kid
Owwwiee I have Bike Ride Butt.
Thanks for the corrected link.
As a pit owner, I commend the author's qualifying comments about dog breeds  learned behavior.
Watching ASU baseball.
Nice night at the stadium.
However very windy.
BTW I can never DM you back coz you don't follow me in the Twittersphere
Mw2 with 33 Happy 10 months sweetheart!
I love you.
wut da heck r these boxes?
what's full screen?
I haven't been able to catch it, but my TL loves it.
I def thought it was caustic.
But it might open up the show a bit more.
First track meet of the year in the books!
I saw that man I hope he kicks ass
So Hungary but can't eat.
follow us on twitter  spititdiff , and check out that new fire.
spit it different all day u already know :
Why is your poop yellow?
What have you been eating?
If your a fan of craft beers like we are, make sure and check out this Sat at Racine Civic Center.
150 craft beers....
love birchbox!
did you get yours yet?
What a great weekend this is starting out to be
A 51yearold engineer working at an airplane testing facility has been sucked into an engine and killed.
See I love you but it scared me, you scared me.
You know if ABC knew Missing was cancelled, I wish they would have edited out the last 60 seconds.
I been waiting 4ever!!
Hurry
thank you!
: and you know what?
...
I've got the same Mario Tshirt xD i like it!
I'm freaked out at a nasty turn of events on Facebook.
Why am I debating someone who thinks parents should slap kids until they shutup?
Just saw TinkerTailorSoldier, Z.
Can't remember the last time I fell asleep during a movie.
Snoozefest.
hey come over to Stanford campus here for lunch and invite anybody you want  we have lots of food
Ha LIz You can do it ,get out your crayon?
betchya your kindergarten teacher saw your future with your first scribbles!
I knew I was getting old when I started figuring out what day of the week it is by checking out my daily pill dispenser
So excited!
2nite  11: kora and cello music from Malian virtuoso Ballake Sissoko  French triphop cellist Vincent Segal live instudio!
Man some of these Kobe fans are outright creepy.
Probably have the shrine made of gum like Helga Pataki and everything.
Whoa crazy business.
RT : It took AOL 9 years to hit 1 million users.
Facebook 9 months.
doctorw Something 9 days.
via
KC Royals put to work.
RT : City investigating deep bore technology to minimize some utility construction impacts of
time to get back into this game I feel closer to you already!
You know, Scream The Prayer isn't that far away.
July 20: Norma Jean, For Today, Sleeping Giant, The Chariot, War of Ages, Close Your Eyes
The CDC uses Twitter to spot disease outbreaks because it's better than the system they had in place
Thanks for the RTs!
:
my pleasure!
Very cool!
Interesting post.
you're in a different country so I don't think that's going to work...
ThunderRidge takes lead by 2 with 15 sec to go.
same here bored ass shit nothing to do.
we have it  www.iPhonerepairmiamibeach.com :
I loved it.
Same in Madison.
RT : I bought a bunch of nonfat winter clothes, then we didn't have a winter in the Chicago area.
Going to the park with and Twitterless Darby lmao 
What do you hope to accomplish for the 4th quarter of the year?
When your boyfriend still likes you, no matter how many times you ram your head into his wall while the two of you sleep.
Bon Iver or Andoctorw Bird today?
: Sagittarius are a little impatient.
They know what they want and want it now.
The bible is what God meant, and there are no errors or principles open for revision.
So used to this.
death stairs eh?
were you running up and down them for hours on in or what?
I am officially the old guy at the club in a suit.
I've become that guy...crap.
A positive mind anticipates happiness, joy, health and a successful outcome of every situation and action.
I love my cousin !
She's amazing and doesn't needa put broken hearts towards me!
:
Yes I am, love.
You should hear me preach sometimes...
Oh, you flirt with 374957945 girls a week?
Woah dude.
Pick one, and make her feel beautiful.
No need to be a plaayyya.
Test scores came in last night aaaannd.....I PASSED!
Hello 12th grade!
To top it all off I scored on a college level!!
cloud9 :
you don't get to choose but if I enlist in the army by june I'll probably leave october .
Shout to all the members of the Brethren: Scott, Adam, Ed, and Nick...
from Steve in Indianapolis.
Will do!
Thx!
just tweeting.
what about you?
Yes!
Go Levi!
RT : I'm relieved to say that I will start the race YES!!
i dont have itt D; message me on fb ?
If I were GM, and also keeping in mind salarymanagement, I'm targeting Caron Butler, hometown guy and the fearthedeer need scoring!
When the sun goes down we be having a party!
when called me i answered with what do you want bitch  everyone in the car was like who are you on the phone with?!
lmfao
TSA agent took everything out of backpack.
Agent told him he could put everything back.
Oh young padwon
baby, ima be your motivation.
why does everyone keep giving kasey and vienna the roses?
and its freezing here in nyc...
I'd like some of that sunshine!
Oh no Tracy.
Don't say anything.
Dayle Junior!:D
Listen to me with tomorrow for a little more insight.
did you get my text ?
WE NEED A CHANGE IN HOW WE DO BUSINESS .LETS FIX AMERICA
This girl...this fucking girl...
So damn sexy...can see my abs now...guns are getting defined...ham hogs all toned and getting slimmer...butt is getting tight...shapely pig!
Something on Twitter being illogical?
I can't even fathom.
Well, it happens :
um....I'll feed you Whiskey, you will tell it.
I still want to write that salsacabana tune about Doctor Sanjay Gupta, the brain surgeon.
Going to be taking mom out to olive garden for Dinner.
Looking forward to it.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Good morning Albuquerque!
Needles are hopping, screens are doctorpping and spring logowear is in the air!
i never move
Tony Bennett in MKE today!!!
Wow.
That's cool!
you came a long long long long long
Did the money ever get paid back?
Oh!
Look at that!
Thanks ever so to sweet  ah, also Beverly Nero  very sweet for RTs and Faves and stuff.
suck my dick you whores ;!
Our Andoctorid app will be out very soon!
Stay tuned!
In the meantime, you can use it on the web at 1000memories.com.
Join tonight at 5:30pm for Networking Happy Hour.
The School of Nursing is providing food  giveaways!
woo!
i also get called sir regularly.
richmonders are Struggling With This!
follow Mee!!!
stopbulling!
It hurts others in ways you wouldn't even know!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cannot fall asleep!
School is going be awful tomorrow!
What would you like to ask your Congolese peers about their life?
hun that status isnt about you.
s/o to my brain for doing so bad on my act.
A little bit of a delay...
but now I'm on my way to Vegas!
:
Hi Sandy thanks for the follow.
ur a dirty slut...
Lets grab a beer this weekend bro
We have no school tomorrow!
There's a bunch of snow in chicago!
Battleship trailer got a resounding No from the audience, Dark Knight got cheers and SpiderMan....
silence.
omg, worst day ever.
What's up with Chris J.
and his E.
Honda hair?
Good Day!
haha i know!
I love it!
makes my dad upset cause we haven't been able to farm so I wish we could have lightening n no rain!
okay haha I'm gonna read it after Punk'D :
Hiya!
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to working with you on SUW!
Our authors Patricia Rockwell and Diane Morlan will be speaking at the Sycamore Public Library tonight, 7 pm, Sycamore, IL.
Come It's free!
I always thought Thanksgiving was my favorite holiday for eating, but Super Bowl Sunday is gaining ground.
Oh no!
What gave you that idea!
:P
if not, then I really, really, REALLY hope it comes tomorrow.
:
Watching the Great Buck Howard, great so far...
aw okay!
I think is selling a ticket?
I'm starting to agree.
Still no set lineup or rotation and it's almost playoff time.
Don't get sunburned!
Thanks for a great night with my lovely wife.
omg why am I not there?
getting on the first flight out haha
Theocritus of Chios Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
Web Tip of the Day: If you don't clearly show me what it is you do immediately upon entering your website, then you're wasting my time.
That is so true...but the design of slavery was to create distrust and disdain amongst us.
It worked!
Hi hun, everything fine just been busy with work.
Sorry I haven't contact you lately.
Late night commercial shoot for Goldilocks Filipino restaurant and bakery.
as someone who started an mscs for fun I'm always surprised w/ unmotivated grad students.
try to seek out the good ones
Really sad I'm not able to make the show tonight :/
Yes!!
RT: : Any thought of a second term for Rick Scott begins and ends when Steve MacNamara is forced out.
sayfie
Nice flop Ronney
Brunch is served.
Our normal brunch menu but today battered and deep fried french toast topped with strawberry cream cheese.
yum
Awesome blog post.
Well done.
how can anyone ever tell you that you're anything less than beautiful.
the bit in the chorus about eating baguettes still cracks me up way more than it should.
Now He Wanna Be On Some Sweet Shit.
This Nigga Bout Crazy As Hell.
Spend time...
what?
What crazy Mad Libs is this tweet?
RT : Liberals like spend more time
Hope everyone is having a great day!
Keep those new Likes coming and help us support the Childoctorn's Hospital of Los Angeles!!
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love
Hey Wes, glad to connect!
If you have any feedback on our video series, we'd love to hear it.
:
oh you know I will!
i ask because noticed a CBS Sunday Morning edit particular attention to this.
I don't see that often
sorry, i don't know the answer.
we haven't had an update.
check the IR webpage?
When a guy tells you one thing, than a girl another thing, than tries lying after.
Yeah yeah I see u
Blazin' a bowl for 4:20 and watching Ridiculousness :
Ted Karamanski pep talk.
Work is such a bust today.
Unfortunately, most of the people complaining are too stupid to check papajohns stream for other post updates :
A most excellent place to cuddle up for sure!
xoxoxo
I fucking hate being sick !
I'm talking and no one understands what I'm fucking saying.
Waiting for a girl like you.
oh yea we can do that
Awake dang.
I agree 100!
Unfortunately, some things are out of our control.
Re the local fireworks ban: FireARMS are a perfect Latino substitute.
You can take our Black Cats, cabrón, but NOT our Black Cuetes!!!
You heard it here first, Knicks in 9!
gettin my years supply of storeable foods at www.thereadystore.com they got everything if you aint seen it yet
Amazing how some people give u way 2 much info about themselves right off the bat Hi, I just met u, please tell me how u tried killn urself
Watching sunset in the middle of the ocean, sipping on some Champagne
SJ County Board of Supervisors vote to approve new contract for library services with the City of Stockton!
ALERT!
Blanche's gay brother episode is on WEtv!
DAAAMMMMMN I forgot.
How was it?
Have to hit the VOD.
Didier doctorgba, my favorite player in the world, has just become the only player in history to score in 4 FA Cup Final matches!
I cannot say so without scientific evidence.
But I can go on a completely unrelated rant that does have scientific evidence.
What's your email addy?
yeahh : i'll tweet you laterr i have softball!
I feel ya Ellen by beloved Broncos went down.
follow my man he reads my stuff, also and
so ready for 630 to come around
Sure.
FDH sent me two more DL LPs and a Glow Kit one to give away on Get Bent as well.
See...you just doubled your followers!
Thirtynine more days left...
: Walmart has championship belts on sale by all the packer stuff lol bye me one!
Who is Stephen Neal?
My friends take pictures with my dogs
The Thai dermatologist I saw a for just a slight rash told me I needed Botox, filler and laser treatment!
This feels a lot like FML.
:
Best idea of conference from Stephen Burg: We need an online buffet of courses in public history to help small programs.
And the 5th book of game of thrones came in the mail today.
BOOM!
Love you to pieces PPatt!!!!
I don't see nothing?
she's better than any girl, because she knows how it feels.
if there's only going to be one beer than we rather it's topnotch and heavily concentrated ;
HOLY CRAP.
I DID NOT SEE WHAT I JUST SAW.
HOLY CRAP.
NO WAY
can you bake me brownies please?!
LADIES ,WILL YOU FOLLOW FOR SHOUTOUT :
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Oh man, just rode in a jesus SUV/taxi...that's the only way I can explain it!
follow me so I can message you back :
I've got a big day tomorrow, but some things are irresistible.
wwe w/ The Rock center ring.
G'Night.
if I were him I wouldn't even sign the contract.
Rall will be assisted in this effort by Dennis Walkup with FOE Aerie 695 of Iowa City, IA, acting as cocoordinator for the Eagle Riders.
OH and GO RANGERS!
Double OT!
Alan, Trying as hard as I can to be my best.
Maybe the happiest of people dont necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way.
New Publications on Humanitarian Space; Youth Displacement ...
So, it appears everyone is not completely honest on their online professorles.
what kind of lies do you think are acceptable online?
Same!
Where yu going
Hey!
Are you in town for sxsw?
Let me know!!
:
The first myth of management is that it exists.
That's awesome, love your image too it's so festive!
At Por que No sampling the PDX version of a taqueria.
RIP Whitney Houston.
Only a voice like hers could make a song as bad as I Will Always Love You tolerable.
Join us tonight after the performance of TimeStandsStill for the official afterparty!
Swollen nose
Thanks Abdi!
Join and LIVE on thepraisableshow talking music, dance  testimony: Join the conversation:...
see ya there!
:
Forecast for Friday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy.
Highs 64 to 69.
Light winds.
Because of Mass Effect 3's shitty ending, I shall now refer to the series itself as Ass Effect
god you tweet a lot
This is a very informative and motivational site,I will be following.
Thanks!
But the Research Commons is not on Facebook...yet.
Should we be?
We do post events through
That's right monkey, play my head
I love it
So happy!!!!!!
I had the time of my life.
National champs baby!!!
fflv is today!
get down to and check out the 2 fab new MIKELPATRIK originals!
Thank you for all your long hrs at work!
oh, bummer!
take pictures.
that's what i did when i had to give up my NC plates.
Ugh, it's already 81 outside.
Thank goodness we are spending the day with friends at their pool.
I am already scared for tonight, though.
Need more music in daily life!
How to get Paco audience members making, hearing more live music?
how can we make a show that attracts ppl?
ya Andoctor Miller pre opening day!
Checking things off of our World of Concrete To Do list.
We are getting excited.
Are you?
Come visit us in booth
Ugh, Black Keys at Verizon.
Come back to some day, por favor?
duke vs.
FSU prediction?
just got from Binghamton and had Texas roadhouse for Amandas birthday
It is INSANELY stormy here.
im gonna try.
I'll try to come backstage if possible.
having some issues with s3.
the strongest people are covered with scars  have the kindest of hearts
Just chatted with Jon Stewart backstage at the Daily Show.
So cool.
WHAT PAPER?!?!?
Nice :D!
See ya soon!
kay i trust jesus lol, yeah i doubt ive ever seen you around
Don't think so, but you never know!
RT RT I don't have to get money  it comes for me.
My motivation has never,  never will be about money.
How many of you are embarrassed or afraid to tell others that you have had some contacts  communications with some ET's?
sry but if ur kid can stand  breastfeed...something wrong
ive fallen sum how feet off the ground where are you now when i need you around
yup!!
You got it Polly is a news reporter in San Francisco
Congratulations to the Radcliffe family, who will still get to cheer for Prince Fielder on a regular basis.
If you can conquer your mind, you can conquer the world..
you can always come to my house, we have wifi c;
The number 33 jersey, belonging to Patrick Roy, has been retired by hockeys Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche.
RT I lie so well, even I start to believe it.....
If she play video games then she wifey material
For the first time in forever i have an actual weekend!
2daysOff yes!
I got no problem with it: I'm a whore.
You compliment me, I RT.
Bang.
Done.
Football Was Alright But Cant Wait Until Basketball
depends when im done with practice.
ill let u know when i get out
Thank you Lord for rain and the FRESH FOOD at Zuzu.
Thought about car wash coupons for your business fleet?
That's what we do!
There's something incredibly disingenuous about dubbing over end credits bloopers.
try 'red meat' trout next time...it's Lent approved and delicious!
I bought size 6 jeans this weekend.
SIZE SIX.
Pass it on.
I would but what do I say?
Haha
Keep it real and remain humble.
need an unexpected player to have an allstar worthy season.
Ex: Gomez, Lucroy
suspicious..
ill go check this out..
my guess is giant phish sticker
You can never say your wrong even though you clearly are.
Happy Thanksgiving to all Tweeps!
Give thanks every day and watch your blessings grow : 
miss you
You are not what you feel, you are what you believe.
Your feelings will catch up if you're steadfast in your belief.
Joyce Meyer
Today's the day!
Dine early, dine often to benefit  we love DiningOutForLife!
Weekend fire in Crystal now believed to be arson
Cubs have a rain delay every other game
Milkshake.
Vanilla.
With whipped cream.
Thanks.
im not short , im heiqht challenqed
worms grow to men in amniotic seas of hate.
tonight was just a joke..
I was so mad when I got off that stage..
RT : Still hate settling for late, rescued doctorws at home, though....
Just found out they are opening a new Trader Joe's and at 3rd and Fairfax.
The reasons not to move keep adding up...
I'm thinking about doing the entire in my sunglassesglowing orb in sky now shining thru windows  YES!
Found myself at six flags magic mountain....for the free!
the great thing about yoga classes is that there are usually never any guys in them.
It's not as cool as when there are guys usually..
I keep rethinking about my past;but looking for something in my life!
You just got caught TWEET JACKIN
lawyers deserve to be happy.
You'd have my vote!
:
I guess ill get a little high
Thanks to for showing me how to use C list to do some flipping.
Great night in NOLA for a swirly treat!
Whether You Love Or Hate Austin Mahone he Is Always On Your Mind.......Face It He Is On Your Mind Cuz You Love Him!!
3 ;
It's cold as fuck in my 4th hour class...
No joke
Spending my Saturday watching Libertarian National Convention on CSPAN.
Trying to not wake my sleeping husband.
Couldn't imagine if it was one of my sons.
i was just over there today!
hiring a plantmanager in maine manufacturing beverage email resume to
Having a low credit score is frustrating.
Jenn Carr , can help!
Her 90 day program gets credit scores in the good zone!
Happy Travel Tuesday everybody.
Any travel nightmare stories??
40 win over the SeaWolves tonight..now can we make it more than 1 in a row
how did you do that!
Yummo Rosie!
salsa I'm here Shaggy, lol.
sixtytwodays :D
Red Hot Chili Peppers top Lollapalooza lineup
Known as a granadilla where I come from.
Granadilla ices on the beach were the best part of the summer as kids
go out with a bang ay ej?
Haha, I think I could pass on that ;D
holiday inn express n lol wats so funny
Has anybody seen Al Afalava and Mike Okwo??
How about Terry the tank Johnson??
We're here to make a dent in the universe.
Otherwise why even be here?
i actully thought they had a chance at beating them
thanks for the follow.
How are you today.
: So, how many of you have actually seen the very last scene in THE AVENGERS?
ME
Half way there.
Now we just need to get a War Eagle out of you.
hiya :D sorry for the lateass reply ;;
I don't understand how my favorite pair of jeans went missing...
Check out Joshua James at SXSW 2012.
However, what Lebanese dishes they have are authentically done.
Aladdin's baklava, for example is made in house.
TY everyone who gave me FF.
So sweet...
Love you, muah!!!
and for destroying that goon Ryan Seacrest's tux!
Fuckk I'm stuckk in traffic
Catching up on a lot of 24/7 and movies today.
Could not have picked a more beautiful day in the district to honor women everywhere!
IWD Happy International Women's Day :
The only person you should try to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
how's house coming?
What's the latest?
do you want to go?
Great read and take on the situation.
Not sure I fully agree as the companies have diff biz models...but mobile will be key.
Have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart, well you can try sleeping in my bed 333333
my sister and her religious beliefs annoy me.
Glad I kept my mouth shut.
Rihanna...You can't send the message that after a man assaults you, you can return to him.
Too many girls caught in that cycle.
sometimes we say things we don't mean.
sometimes we hurt each other.
but no matter what i will always love you...
You just have to find a way to piss me off !
Follow me PLEASE:D
According to , I'm influential about: robot.
Robot?
Don't let klout fool you, I know nothing about robots.
What you doing?
Lol : Law  Order SVU Marathon.
Do not disturb.
Godbreathed.
Necessary.
When I'm stressed, I eat meals at crazily random times.
Want to talk books?
Head on over to my account and join the discussion.
Finally got a chance to rea the Derrick Rose GQ article.
His likability honestly is pretty off the charts.
But two things: 1 I still..
1/2
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals at Jaxx in Springfeild,VA this Saturday September 25th!
YOU TOO.
3 You're the reason I made this twitter account!
Follow me please, AUSTIN!
:D
I know some of you are planning an event right now..
be sure to contact us!
We can help with one small detail or help plan the entire event!
I'm happiest when I have an organized
Slightly less evil landlord trying to force tenant to sign new lease forcing T to declaw cat.
So, you ordered a large double cheeseburger, a large fry, with a diet coke.....wtf is the point in your life?
Virtual organizations as way to create teams and connectedness within teams.
Members must maintain other outside connections
Awww i love her :
Need help with storm clean up in Midtown?
Let us know, we will try to help or get you help!
Can somebody tell me how to go to see my rts on the twitter on the comp?
please
I'm loving all this rain!!
It's almost dandelion season!!
WOOHOO!!
Bring it on, Mother Nature!!
Hey how you been?
that T was worth it
Piper U r AWESOME :!
U get all the good interviews!!
We love PipersPicksTV :!
New Up North shirts available at the next show!
I saved some tickets for you.
Come ask for Kristie at the Popped!
Republic truck.
Age is how we determine how valuable you are.
Jane Elliot
Cover bands don't change the world.
Don't be a cover band.
for the love of god...
hopefully not !
text me i have go buy my mom a mothers day gift :
And how do you propose the MLB squashes outbursts towards umpires?
In a sense that's part of the game, no?
Thanks to all veterans for your sacrifice.
oh, just ordered the last 3 records.
how do i not have these?
Girl: What do you want to be when you grow up?
Boy: Your husband.
I couldn't have said it any better!
100 points in a single game.
50 years ago today by wilt.
Only game that never actually finished in nba.
When you can feel someone staring at you
Your playing with fire
Nice to see u.
How is ur day going?
My dad's at the Astro's game tonight, and Adam's going tomorrow.
JERKS.
This will probably be the last time I wake up this early  sleep that late:
How have you been?
What are you up to these days?
Stairs would become the new Everest RT : What if everyone crab walked to get around?
will need to think srsly about it!
For now...at vet with buca : he's acting funny.
Not haha funny
I guess
That functionality is supposed to be added by the end of the week with a software upgrade.
:
Join us for a nationwide charity event this Sunday, September 26, as we collect donations of hair for Childoctorn with Hairloss.
cc:
we don't use any freaky chemicals,  base our decisions on the latest nutritional science.
Hope to see you  soon!
baltimore whats up I'm bored
A lot on my plate and mind today.
Lmao RT : I see youre playing stupid.
Looks like youre winning too.
Had a great seminar on HP 3Par enterprise storage this afternoon!
Took lots of notes, did very little doodling.
I got to watch it in class :
sounds good!
I will approve you when you request
Oh please don't say that name.
Excited about hanging with my bestie  fam game on Saturday.
Ready the hotdogs  beer!
CamdenYards, here we come.
IF I GET ANY COMPLAINTS FOR SPAM AFTER I CHANGE MY PASSCODE, I WILL DELETE U MYSELF.
listening to tyga on pandora !
:
I need a new pair of J's and a silver rosary!!
what time the game
Hahaha I'm watching u spread hate on chopped now too RT : I'm shouting at line cooks.
In North Carolina discussing sustainability projects with two agencies.
I mean swept, lol
Must admit, I am curious.
Seems like a place that should be in the Gaslamp, tho.
;
And why did NorthKoreaNews just follow me?
First bike ride of the season!
My butt will soon be angry.
it could be a Phineus and Ferb backyard beach :D
haha!
Oh yes!
I do that all the time : well I try until my mom catches me  lol
ik lmao I got a new doctorss today lol
2 more FREE Locks given to email list customers for 4pm est games.
Email us to get them.
Damn, they don't make them like you anymore
Long Bombs Away
Can't see Eagles investing big  at this point in OLine, RB or WR.
Already heavily invested in those positions
what is the airbrush app!?!
Don't keep us hanging :
Huh.
Making predictions?
Liverpool RT : Thunder RT : Who won?
Heat or Lakers
So how/where did you get the name Scorp/Scorpeze?
Emily, looking forward to your insights.
Foodies: FF from My wildest fantasies cannot compare to her real life epicurean adventures.
This live tweeting is too exciting, I can barely contain my excitement at what's coming next!!!
Love is Louder 3
school is passing by too fast ;/
Junior high guys are so immature.
Congrats!
It's an AMAZING song!
3
Sullivan is such a suck up.
Remember his love for GWB?
Coconut water out of a can  coconut water from an actual coconut.
Real achievement demands many consistent, focused efforts spread over long periods of time.
in other words  keep at it!!
I don't get it?
you're welcome!
:
Well there's reason for concern now.
Velocity isn't the same nor is his control.
Usual signs of health issues.
what u do n tha 3 point contest.
Just in time for bourbonchase, welcome to Twitter.
my eyes are peeled lol
this day is slowly getting better
I've never seen a walk to remember........
i love your new videoo3
ur unique?Hmm probably not unique thought
Almost done with the new Stephen King book 11/22/63.
It's so good.
Yesproud of it!
Love bantering w/a cheese head!
RT While an awesome Hipstographer, Rebecca is a VIKING
30 Rock Recap: The Queen of Jordan Returns  Vulture
Listening to Banjo on the radio by  thinking abt hearing it live with while So good.
Super Mystery Jackpot clue: The artist was on TV show.
there is none, but one fresh and clean
Tisk tisk at cheaters watching cheaters it's crazy
i hate february
The Wednesday Letter by Jason F Wright.
When we r in the supermarket  someone rams our ankle w a shopping cart than apologizes 4 doing so, y do we say, 'It's all right,' it's not.
oh my b I mean are school work van .
Hard to explain.
best game ever and could be a sporting event, where's Mystikal?
you're in class, you will be tough again
Good luck, and may the odds be in your favor.
They said that at least 9 times throughout the movie Hunger Games
I have never seen a cellphone shatter into so many pieces and still work..
damn thing just won't die
Thank you Warren!
I know Wy !
I wish I had invented blue jeans.
They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity  all I hope for in my clothes.
Yves Saint Laurent
can't wait!
Mental note: Don't change password at work before you go on vacation and if u do write it down.
hey your GM almost tweeted about pretty little liars from this account instead of his personal account.
good thing that didnt happen.
just saw a movie with you and Alex O'louphlin
MK: 25 U.S.
states are trying to pass laws banning Sharia.
Breaking: Obama Endorses Gay Marriage
smh did u tell her she smells like mothballs ?
:'
'Girls' has this weird thing where Brian Williams' daughter is really hot, but also kind of horrible, and I don't know how to feel about it.
follow me now ??
That would be Chill 3
My friend had some doctornk guy try to bust into her room at Harrahs Vegas today.
Mgr there accused her of inviting him to her rm.
Two big announcements from MCPSA today....
On further consideration, not a big win for C.
Yes, pubs will go to them, but libs get 1 chapter/10 free.
my bad lmfao but u kno new york be going in
Waiting to see the one an only jb smoove with
sleep well MCA!
you were an inspiration!
I pay Cherie to say those things!
Lol:
thank you sir.
Had a great time last night.
Looking forward to working together!
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
Paul Valery
Oh my gosh, you're embarrassing 
And you were there!
Maybe you should?
What's that mean!?
doctorve safe, I will be stuck, tired, at work till after 7am.
Do you have what it takes to be the best?
Northwestern grads give reliably good advice.
Oscars: Good start
I miss shopping with you !
Mattoon: It is important to understand structures/trends of other economies to get a better sense of int'l competition.
I ride a horse named mercy With a coat that's the colorofhope When you needsomeone we will comegalloping Carrying golden rope
Treat your sweet to a Couples Massage this weekend!!
Chase Budinger crushed the first round of the spriteslam but I bet he does not win because this is just a pop contest now
Come on Gaffney, that celebrity sighting is not even worth tweeting.
isn't that the truth.
bring it tomorrow!
Lol
The phone goes off as the previews begin.
like deadass right
damn ok Rachel!
;D
Elise is skyping my mom all the way from Korea to tell her happy mother's day!
lmao them was the days lol...
too much fun
I wish I didn't know about it!
: They say before you succeed, you gotta suffer Amen.
That's why you gotta keep going.
pregaming for the badger herald open house, here's to not making a fool of myself and/or hurting anybody, cross yr fingers.
IN my MotherFuking pants.
Unzipps and looks down oh yeah, she in there.
You rock!!
RT : Twitter VP Engineering Michael Abbott: We're not a social network, we're an information network.
Miss c'ing you in the morning girl!
KU, saw him 12 times last year and finally got to meet him in Milwaukee.
doctoram come true.
Haha...yup.
Look forward to more great photos man.
Tonight we follow the Moroccan Spice Trail at Hipcooks on Live on
Also, also: I'm pretty excited about Spidey.
We're currently experiencing some problems, looking into it.
Will update when we find out more.
so tired of life guard training and then gotta work again later tonight
I like Justin Bieber on TheVoice.
Cute song.
Pretty please donate?
: 
Got arrested at the Mardi Gras for jumping on a float/My man MCA got a beard like a billy goat
Is a 'sprint jersey' something specific?
I just bought a Novara one.
Very light but not really tight around arms and chest.
It's Thursday  ur probably ready 4 a little sumpin' right?
RU ready 4 A Little Sumpin' Wild?
Well that's just what we have 4 u on tap now!
Kelly Kelly Clarkson
I don't want to get married or have kids.
If that changes, cool!
If not, cool!
As long I live my life happily, I'm good :
i only smell my own, and cause it smeels like old spice, but i don't wear old spice
Q1 metaphors quickly doctorw parallel from past, potentially shared experience
Step to the beat of my heart!
How is there not a cable network that just plays Casablanca and The Royal Tenenbaums on a loop yet?
we R not, don't know about anyone else...
RT : are y'all or anybody getting the iversons
Just giving you a hard time.
Congrats on the win.
The Burgh can be very solid.
Enjoy the strip.
Something there for everyone.
am workout!
GetItIn.
No substitutions!
Losing faith in tht person 
Gonna take a nap then algebra 2 hw Damn adult school is really taking away my energy 
I'm following you!!!
Will do.
Express mail.
She not responding to me 
We'd like to invite you to our Fall Meetup on Oct.
21.
We can give you all the info if you'd like to DM us.
awww : We hope you had a great evening!
Thunderstorms everywhere in S.
Fl.
Thank goodness it didn't last weekend.
:
Fave hidden gem museum is  lots of multimedia and participatory exhibits.
we're having a beer dinner with and Whole Foods Market Fort Lauderdale on Monday April 25!
Stay tuned !
I'm in love with Jack White for the moment FYI.
Blunderbuss is an AMAZING album.
Happy Thursday sale....blueberry 35 an 8th
Now Playing The Soul Crooners at West Coast Black Theater troupe in Sarasota FL
The 1:45 round will include the topics of: new online resources for media history researchers, lessons from journalism education and cover..
RT : How is music going to change the world?
Check out the new website by INKster and find out!
Uggghhhh!!!
rolled ankle !!!!
No basketball for 3 days
Dude, thanks for the compliment/endorsement!
Ha ha.
You're a pro, though.
I'm just an idiot w/ a WordPress blog.
Nashville 10.
Gina 1.
This city kicked.
My.
Ass.
Boxers are cute :
Free iPad2 to the winner.
Simple, Fun and FREE.
Why not check us out!
Have a little extra fun!
www.playffnow.com
Hey BrendaButtner Foxnews I Can't believe you just said a McDonalds hamburger is God's food Your ignorance offends.
Get thee to a gym.
Gonna be a goddess for halloween!
whats up im rocking out to your show!
everyday
Charles St Farmers Market today 37pm N Charles at Lanvale.
because is acting like a child.
He's trying to get his way, not do what's best for this country.
I got another nigga bitch wit me...
And I'm falling for her
Come, and take choice of all my library, And so beguile thy sorrow.
William Shakespeare, Titus Andoctornicus
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
and....Blackboard goes down.
Way to go, nameless LMS hosts.
So how bout that ride home guys.....I guess that's why the call it Indy.
NO...!!!
that's not right...
and where are the mushy peas ???
Bout to rock out the grill.
Hand made burgers...
You don't even notto
Cleaning up doggy vom and s...tuff all over the house.
Poor little guy.
some blackcrowes to start the week off right!
fun stuff...
Had a reasonably successful audition today.
Now is time for lots of Dexter.
thanks for sharing the info
Have you downloaded New Cd My Better Half?
If not What are you waiting on
Whatever God brings you to..
He will bring you through.
You need to go on tour!!
Haha!
yeah I really don't care too much for her.
All her songs are kinda the same and basic material.
this week I'm finally filming Two Indians Talking!
THAT IS AWESOME!!!!
thanks for the love!!!
Go see The Help!
Excellent movie!
Half off appss
you're welcome!!
:
MattCavanuaghSays everything that the media reports is 100 fact
RT : Here we go!
Q1: Who has a social media fundoctorising success story?
cc
There are a lot more in the 2 hr workshop that I didn't have time to write up as blog cc
I didnt know you were around??
In Detroit, Michigan, it is illegal for a man to scowl at his wife on Sunday.
Haha :
the bronchitis idk I'll tell you when I find out
Holy crap he looks like his dad.
Bryan Ferry is going to be on Letterman tonight.
Too kewl to miss for Roxy Music fans.
kira i known here since she was lilltle gurl she be sayin or call herself joker i think
All students thrive in clear, fair, practiced, and dependable
Tweeting with fans.
Literally.
I don't like to refer to Chipper Jones as Chipper.
From now on he only exists to me as Larry Wayne Jones.I'm too sophisticated for nicknames
Most things we think r impossible in life is because we have never tried them.
So go for every doctoram  opportunity before making a judgement
Best day ever!
is my favortie Male singer, !
I looveee you soo much, !
Go often to the house of thy friend; for weeds soon choke up the unused path.
Proverb
I cried when I found out you were gone
I want 2012 to be a good year.
:
If Padilla isn't a rapist then theres a new look for rapists
Dance your night away with our live DJ tonight!
On my way!
To my baby house
Humane Society plans pet vaccination, microchip clinic  WJBC News
whats a no go?
Yeah, that's basically how it would of worked or another way that it might of turned out had mike lived was that my body would
Visiting Santa at Macy's in NYC.
Nothing quite like it.
NICE!!!
SCHOLAR/DANCER
Totally useless tweet of the day: I'm going to have rice.
On my break and deff gonna take longer then 30min
yeah that, or, Twitter: For when you want to talk to yourself in front of a bunch of strangers.
Wake up 2 the dice game...lol
thanks anna
MusicNOW was PACKED.
I'm a very unusual basketball fan.
I'm a Bucks fan, but if there's a team I'd love to see win the NBA Finals, it's the Bulls.
Don't stay in Miami too long.
I'm going to miss you so much.
I'm proud of you but don't forget SA.
3
you are my boy
Can't wait!
26 away from 600 followers!!!: Can we do it while I'm at school???:
Rude people at work 
ok here I go, just downloaded the myspace app to my phone!
Oh too cute.
good point
I was hacked!
Sorry to all for the inconvenience and thanks for looking out for me.
There is no such thing as a perfekt plan
haha I miss you!
because Tampa is AWESOME.
whats up Man!
Another sunny day in the castro today!
Its been 4 years sense mom is gone.
Im proud of myself for handoling yesterday well.
I love you mom and Ill make anything work out for you!
Yes, Erika G was there!
Just spoke with her about the upcoming pedagogy course.
/db
This guy brought his five year old to a bar
Ward's at Check out Chef Kev on NOW!
RT : SEO Tip:Update your site's content regularly.
Geeze just realized a lot of my friends aren't single..
And why am I still single
I hope I dont get burnt tomorrow?..:/
good golly maybe that's what all his gaffes have been!
I'm crossing things off of my 'to do' list like a boss.
RT : If you don't want people to complain about you online, then stop pushing out crap.
Hey, Michael.
Yeah.
I'm doing a quick this is happening preview.
Then I want to professorle some of the companies for sure.
thanks for the FF!
yeah buddy!
I'm not sure I know what you mean, but Gerry is a real person.
And Halloween 3 is shitty
a shout out to all you amazing guys who bought me presents this week!
lingerie and shoes and toys, oh my!
wanna cum chat and spoil me too?
dude...
that's amazing.
Thai food.
Perfect doctornkin' food.
VCU OFFICIAL VIDEO ON YOUR CAMPUS
Don't worry Christianne
Im all 4 2nd chances,Not 10or more.They're more talented non doctorg addicts who deserve 2 work.
Lohan does not!
Tax Credit Extented, Also Tax credit for current home owners who have owned for 5 years, 6500 Tax Credit.
www.newbridgehomeloans.com
I like how Madonna copied alejandoctor by obv
not like it is tomorrow...still over the 2 weeks prior for airfare.
See you guys there!
Fire up your filters.
now being a sacklesspussy and using the old my account got hacked method of defense.
Haly better be at school today
that sounds like a solid company.
any chance we'll see you at a track in Wisconsin this year ?
I can help lol ;
Being.
A person is to complicated!
Time to be.
A unicorn bicthes!
Or tree that gets photosynthesis
You are too sweet!
I really enjoyed our conversation.
Look forward to more..
:
Friggin teen night is where it's at bro.
Happy Bday.
I hope you have a great day.
I admire your courage and your love for your family.
You are an inspiration.
: You know what it reminds me of?
No, what does it remind you of?
Seriously ?
U suspend again?
RIP SLIM DUNK BRICK SQUAD MAFIA
I hope it's soon !
lol i read it 'oreos' i supposed it just like lmao biscuit lol
The Fake Guy cheating my friend !
lmao you're one to talk
find a way?
There is nothing like the feeling you get doctorving down the neighborhood you grew up in.
Tweet doctorams:
Coming up at 5:30: what's missing when it comes to linking a murder defendant to a professorssor's gruesome slaying
Fuck midterm test .
Wa
RT : seems to me they should change the name of the Budshootout to the BudoctorundUP,she's turning into a free for all !
.
Plz don't upset 30m people!
hey calm the fuck down curious lol.
it was just to funny watching you put in the wrong passcode lmao!
waldo is in ur pants;
Haha!
That'd be amazing!!!
Sprint outside in a bathrobe  boots or miss garbage truck?
Welcome home!
Excited to catch up on Wednesday :
you did great Jeff!!
TMC membersAll new accounts that you sign up count as a referral and help toward winning the June Prize Giveaway.
So tell all your friends!
go look atmy pictures
Ugh, I have a bad headache.
:
You can choose to be present in this moment, for it is in this moment that peace resides and true transformation occurs
2 more days until they announce the iPad3 hope pre ordering goes live this year or else it's sad for me getting 1 from that first batch.
gotta take a step back before u go forward
Zanna, Don't!
performances until the 18th of March!
get your ticket today!
I too will no longer be known by the derogatory nickname KFat

ugh : To all the millions of you who bought the No.
1 selling Tim Tebow Broncos jersey.....you now have a throwback
Enjoyed my first pumpkincarving with Gavin last night.
He wasn't nearly as into it as I was.
99/100!
RT : In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.
J.
Paul Getty
Check out the Lighting the Way trailer here:
he loves hockey!
And football!
I'm right there with ya brotha.
next tuesday is my birthday hopefully I can find something by then.
Its always that weirdo n the computer lab for some reason smh to poor to buy a 300  laptop or some shit
Damned piñata cookies followed me home.
Just saw that tweet from Nov 3rd, but thank you kind sir!
Do come back soon.
Good morning.
Cheers to a summer like day!
tink
Slicer in Excel 2010 can be used to provide people with info without teaching them pivot tables.
Me!!
; RT you know who looks good at 50?
Hah!
But there's no nutmeg here right now.
And by the way, I added a tad bit too much brown sugar.
im cooling doe .
ALWAYS great seeing you!
Hope your cat is ok.
congratulations to you and your family!
is 1704 a new Loop??
;
WAIT HOLD IT.
People talking about Third Eye Blind on my TL.
Favorite!
Good lord.
RT : ipad now accounts for 89 of mobile shopping revenue.
thanks for sharing.
Interesting to see how app developers are trying to incent users
Oh no!
I wish I was there, too!
I totally gave some to my roommate this weekend when she wasn't feeling well : Miss you lady.
follow me back, Martin!
; LoL
Thank you for a great keynote tonight!
Liked the Case 15 SM Mgmt ideas
I really am sorry Keisha!
I was outta line:
thank you!
yeah.
Where u?
Need some more heels..
Daddy??
Noelle Withington!
You are a ROCKSTAR!!!!
We're honored to count you among our friends and supporters!!!!
First time at brooklyn bowl..
for Soulive, Rahzel and Questlove.
Pretty dope spot!
Ugh, 'the nanny diaries' is a thing
ha ha!
One of my favourite match ups, Samson Vs.
Zangief.
Haha says yes my cat is cross eyed thats not photoshopped guys
And yet you could argue that my tweeting from SABEW is doing exactly what Blodget is saying not to do.
The JConference Paradox?
A map, a fire, a knife, a key, one thing more, one thing more.
It's me.
: lolz

GO FOLLOW HER!
SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!
Inside Story: Recent changes to the IL AIDS doctorg Assistance Program have led to growing pains for program and applicants alike....
Why can't I have a lunch that looks like that anymore :
The carnival was fun.
there was no link in your tweet.
I'll look on the Make site...
Glad to have had your beauty there.
: thanks for allowing me to sitin on your reading!
Now I'm inspired to do a lot ...
Jordy is doing manly things like building a fire with his bare hands while wearing a denim shirt
k can't wait to hear what you think:
all good.It went really well.Good turn out and response.
we do it again in June
Bad artists copy.
Good artists steal.
Pablo Picasso
your obviously doctornk or faded as fuck
Tomorrow is Sunday right.
RigHT!!!
People will be slow to adopt mHealth if the healthIT revolution brings only increased medicalization and identity tied to disease.

inspire me!
Great question  tweet about the women in the Museum world who inspire you today
Yes!
The pope is here !
I remember Jp2 visit to Ireland in 79 , me and Johnny logan took acid  saw god,
its your fault
And now to wash all the Jersey Shore out of my hair and off of my face.
I better get an A for this.
This is just sick what New England is doing to Tenneessee.
I think there should be a mercy rule.
A floating bookstore is such a great idea.
They have the best possible ballast!
It's official  we began building our andoctorid app today  excited !
cc
I was crackin UP but seriously that's bad..
Here we come !!
Givin' out goosebumps Sunday at Bobby Mcgees Chicago Ridge !!
Get your tix soon www.aftonshows.com/divineblue !!!
Talking while taking a visual field...
Goodnight everyone!
Sweet doctorams love you all :
time for you to start speaking as an expert about twitter  journalism.
You are truly leading the pack
Welcome writer!
Show don't tell.
Write for the eye first in screenplays.
The Historical Society wifi works better than the convention center's
so, YOU'RE the one who gave it to me.
I think has a coffee brand too.
Begs the question, what would endorse?
Wow.
They like the Badgers that much?
Probably 1821 range in the polls tomorrow?
Don't even 
get one if me cause you love me or your puppy :
cause thats only way mayweather can avoid pacman, manny agreed to the olympic testing already
The homie gotta have a funeral...
crazy...
could you explain what road beef is for people who might not understand.
Lol.
Btw what city has the best road beef
Heading out!
no doubt ..thanks
Wanting to brighten things up for summer???
Try a 24/7 highlight!!!!
Book your appointment today at 414.988.4165 :
sick!
thank you:
My relationship with my Ex was purely psychological...
He was fucking psycho and I was logical.
Off to the Ravenna toddler playroom this morning.
It's a madhouse of munchkins...
it's our thing .
you want out of it ?
o.0
If I ever have to see another crowneplaza again I'll die.
Thanks for the RT!
he's way better the cp3 and remember he got a ring to
don't forget to set your little Wendy alarm tonight, izzo and tailgate wait for nobahdy
No D3 tonight :
Call your dentist if you feel even a slight twinge.
It may take an xray to pinpoint the crack, which can be smoothed or filled.
I would paint my nails and then realize I can't go to sleep until they're doctor...
Beauty is pain?
More like beauty prevents sleep.
if I really miss you I'll tell you.
don't ask.
you'll just make things awkward.
STOP.
NO HE'S NOT.
Books are the glass of council to doctorss ourselves by.
Bulstrode Whitlock
I'll be 19 next month : you?
you can pick it up in the high school training room after school tomorrow!
I finally received my placement test results and well....
at least I'm not a total moron...
and if you're right, you can get on this here Twitter Machine and yell til your heart's content.
Have fun.
Or perhaps a little bit of both.
On the way the DC on SILSSA's annual pilgrimage to the Library of Congress!
Playing  Central Market Westgate in Austin this Wed  6:30!
Great food  live music  Good Times!!
Use the money you were spending on the war, use 1/2 to pay down debt, and use the other 1/2 to do some nation building right here at home!
change the record already
I absolutely love my new glasses but hate having to get used to them
Strangers into friends, friends into acolytes, acolytes into missionaries.
The plugin is called Psilocybin  it's awesome.
you aint never lie!
Oh and btw, I start a new job on Wednesday.
Six months of unemployment over.
Those compassionate conservatives Bush referenced.
And its Atlanta area code..
Have a good weekend, Fellow Twitterers!
MT chief calls for less government red tape, better schools
Back in WilkesBarre just 5 hrs late.
Rethinking this whole flying thing.
RIP MCA.
The beastie boys will never be the same.
I'm pretty sure the women of the LES broke in to my closet circa 1998 and stole all my Candies.
I miss being a lil girl
gayest not greatest!!
Yea I posted that
thanks for making the weekend awesome!
QUOTES: Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching.
George Van Valkenburg
Twitter.
You fail when it comes to getting me my mentions 
3 search engines 4 'Wukane China' Nothing.Even on Twitter' I used christian Bale's namestory I was advi of was tech.
prob.
can't get info
yes.
I wonder how many Ferris upstairs seats ....
Thanks for your support!!
We're thrilled to have you on board : Welcome to
saysomething that doesnt remind me of my cruise this year :
Carry on, you will always remember/Carry on, nothing equals the splendor/The center lights around your vanity/But surely heaven waits for u
Absolutely!
It's nice to hear folks ask to pet before approaching a dog.
Thank you Mason...Can't wait to see you at Jan came out yesterday and visited for awhile.
Tweet your questions during a talk and project on twitter fall screens around the room
given the 3 service charge per ticket over 2 last year, and 15 ticket vs 10 last year you'd think they could do better.
WE LOVE YOU.
Thanks for all the
It's a doctoram afraid of waking that never takes the chance.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Hope everyone got doctornk and laid last night and that the clothes we make helped in some small way..
In Canada, 4070 of female murder victims were killed by their male partners.
I wanna wary that new show Girls on HBO.
Looks like a legit way to waste my time.
New rule.
Stop using the word 'genome.'
My mom strongly dislikes Bevis and Butthead...dunno why
People most likely get a lot of tweeting done when their shitting.
I mean why do you think I am tweeting so much at the moment.
:
okay, im always ready!
:
Are you loving all these new tv spots for the upcoming summer season?
RT : Electric outage update: 196 customers out, 145 of them in E Mtns.
Crews hope to get most of these folks on in next few hours.
Tsunami!
Tsunami!
Tsunami!!.
Many Patriots killed, houses burned to open way for others to Vote, though they never lived to see the USA.
Some whine they have to get ID?
SERIOUSLY I HATE YOU SPRINT
Thanks for the FolRT mention!
Hope you have a great weekend!
I love Stacey Dash!
She looks incredible for her age
For the Record: I'm on my Rhianna Quote at Night Thing.
I love how she quotes stuff that seem so deep yet sound crazy...Moscato...lol.
in Newport Beach by these expensive homes.
i dont remember the street name because its a small street.
I know by vision.
no screaming chickens in the doctoram, just a dennys in downtown Madison where there isn't one
Preparing artwork for a moving and storage company in New Jersey.
Shipping out 500 printed pullover hoodies today for them.
You don't know what you don't know that you don't know!
I learned something about myself that I didn't know I didn't know.
A aha moment.
Feeling lost At this very moment.
.
.
like every time.
.
.
i just do for the wrong ppl and i make a fool.
Smh last Valentines day.
real talk
Just finished watching Project X with my girl.
Right on!
How come?
Our RefWorks seminar is actually tomorrow at 12PM.
We're so excited at the prospect of showing you this great tool :
Good luck, Eric.
RT : Weird and surreal moment seeing myself on the austin city council ballot.
I just vote!
We love our fans, and people willing to give us a chance.
We do not give a shit about closed minded scene fucks
EverydayIThinkAbout...the money!
love u girl!
Congrat and thank for u advices!
Xoxo
LOL this girl tried giving me attitude today at work thinking she was cute with her hello kitty tattoo.
Paul Brown A winner never whines.
If you are not getting the results you're looking for, make the needed corrections and try again.
Quiting is not an option.
Beast Mode Click......Unleash the beast....we are ready to prowl!!
Just a reminder that the Meet Gary Vaynerchuk tweetup tonight is from 4306pm at.
See you there!
He's a player
that's awesome
I called with 'oddy' that's cute I think ?
..
Would you ?
Selena Gomez's song Middle of Nowhere 
Im not slow...I just choose to pace my thoughts!!:
Some of my employees are mentally challenged.....I hope none of them follow me on twitter.....I did block them from my facebook
And thanks to the second lady who asked just now when she joined said lady's table.
Thanks for all who have served or are serving our country!
The Mega Millions jackpot for Friday's doctorwing is now estimated at 540 million.
: guess u figured out how to login!
Love u too
Believe it or NOT, there R worse things than having a loved one in prison.
go be the Rockstar I Know you were born to be!
Thanks for the follow!
I love seeing the confluence of spirituality  parenting; so integral to each other.
Peace!
Caught the ice cream man!
Cookies n cream3
no freaking way!
youre in Austin?!!
ahh!
I used to be a sinner...
BUT GOD!
If I say thank you, its nice to say you're welcome.
.
.
Even if you're a teacher.
happy kwanza and my friend was like what and he said idk if shes jewish and we laughed.
hes so funny
Life in permanent beta.
very much so
why you got to hate Messner?
Gerard Robinson one size CAN'T fit all in education.
3 it would be nice if you texted me;
Many Diagnosed with Altzheimer's have old head injury.
Do you ever wonder about Pres.
Reagan?
Subdural hematoma from TBI.
If I were to do that and set that in front of my husband for dinner, I'm fairly certain he would stare at it then laugh.
Ill be there tomorrow lol RT : um
very similar to what happens in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia, which also affects OFC area
The Weezing looks so awesome.
Sweats all day every day
I can't give away my most romantic thing, then other guys are gonna know my romantic...things.
lmfao Justin Bieber
word to me son, it is hard to compete with the waist to ass ratio of That shit don't make any sense.
chemistry book actually..
Got Your  Still...I Want To Talk Shows  We Should Get Up  Do A Joint To Catapult Things For Us Both.
Luv the new Honda commercial w/the fam doing Ozzy.
: I want to meet someone new.
what's up ?
I'm Quinton lol
OH I get your tweet now nosey :l
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Hi guys!
What's Up?
What r u doing?
kris jenner makes me laugh :'
Speaking of reviews has a great one of Jon Marks' book
I'm surprised your car doesn't continually reek of Chinese food.
Read Denise's farewell msg: bit.ly/9pAcg8 Come to tonight's mtg to wish her well plan for Empowerment Day!
they need incentives.
I believe teachers took the time to learn how to use active board b/c of the readymade lessons.
We're switching our username to to match our new branding, there shouldn't be a need to refollow, just a heads up.
Cheers!
I think there was more sunshine in the 70's
Thanks for sharing my latest post  I truly appreciate the support.
When I see your face there's not a thing that I would change Except the direction I'm walking
That's what she said
just wanted to say I'm thinking of you.
Interesting year to work at All Sports Museum, or any sports museum.
That wasn't the question I asked : I'll wait for an answer.
A reminder to delegates: your PrePrimary Endorsement meetings are this weekend!
More info at: www.sddemocrats.org/events.asp
Saying Kroger is an outstanding company and the action of the OTR store don't line up.
If it's that bad, kill it.
Hey dudes :
Follow me back!
is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!:
How is winning an oscar HUMBLING?
I was rolling when she fell in the throw up!!!
Of course Santorum wins Minnesota caucus.
That's where Lake Woebegone is.
Damn you, Garrison Keillor.
DAMN YOU.
Maybe I can stick em in your pockets, run em through your hair and we can get to rockin' thomasrhett 
People are ignorant af !
Having a brief affair with a katydid while the bf is out with his new mfaers.
Hoping for some stridulation.
Mine and 'a tweeting spree.
play a good team and then y'all can talk but for now y'all poo poo
You have not replied to my request!
People say I look like rob dyrdek :/ good or bad?
Who do all the Dook basketball fans root for now in the tourney?
The Hunger Games.
But the movie was still really good, just not as good as the book.
Would love that!
: Hi Darnell!
I sent you a DM  Re: What's Trending In Seattle Interview GirlPowerHour Would love to chat!
What do you think?
Should researchers be allowed to eat in the archives?
Does it depend on the value of the documents they are viewing?
Also known as Kimberly Austin, Im a TV strategist 4 the Harlem Globetrotters.
Brander, connector, environmental cocktailer, actress  host!
Mille grazie, bella!
RT : Happy birthday to , who is as smart as she is lovely.
I have a heart on for you!
The more people i meet the more i wanna be with you !3
What test do you have to pass to get admitted into the Academy of Country Music?
you are welcome!!
Thanks for coming out!
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Happy Passover and Happy Easter!
Come to the conclusion guys want sex more then relationship's lOl
just try thts all u can do
I guess the lake's dirty anyway, or so I've heard.
You'd have a lakefront view!
Am I really tweeting?
Or is it just the doctorgs making me think I joined twitter?
follow back?
coffee date?
Spill it!!!
ever consider openning restaurant chain...locating near or in gyms?
Serving meals geared to individual training habits and needs?
oh I know it wasn't bad.
I read the conversation from the beginning : and somebody thinks I'm fucking hot
Thanks Larry For Everything.........Joseph D'Ambrosio
Now off to SanFrancisco to explore the city and go hiking with Brian and Laura
At home, Bumping music, doing homework, Great day :
RT  Who is RT and why is he copying my tweets It happened again!
''West Memphis starting to be borin
Now the question is, are we all that dumb or is there something really wrong with you?
That is a sick writing skill.
Thanks for following!
We've been dying to have a Ferret Party, you all are the true party animals!
Ballou Marching Band will be waiting on the tarmac:
Today!
Harvard Library Thinks Big event in Sanders at 4pm kicks off Harvard Library conversations series: bit.ly/hlsc11
This sucks.
its hard to fake a smile during school and act like i'm okay, but when i get home and when i'm alone i cant hide the fact that i'm depressed
1 lb of fat  3500 calories.
lose 1 lb a week by eating 250 less calories  burning 250 calories each day
Q7: Nutcrackers were first handcrafted in 17th century Saxony.
Will any of your gifts be homemade?
The train is always leaving as I enter the platform
I knowww I was hype as shit when I heard that!
Lol
About to do my first official workout of 2012 in the form of Bootcamp w/ .
Go hard or go home right?
Levon Helm died today...so sad.
You inspire me so much to be a better musician.
We you get finished pretending then life will begin.
yes please !
RT What we look for in others is what's missing in US.
We have to learn to complete ourselves.
Ahh they changed the username.
Wow
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 15
Thank you!!
I once chewed an apple into a sculpture of Abraham Lincoln's head.
Don't let the rain stop you, come down to jeppa joes for lunch at marquette campus
now I can work a 40 hour week without the stress of school
Just completely messed up a friendship that was important.
lol.
amen.
All is well with me and mines over here too.
Happy Thanksgiving to you too.
I may c u  KG 2moro
I kinda wanna shit but I don't feel like making the effort.
Great.
I just picked that up last night too...
Dope, i couldnt find u
I just doctorpped off your new seamstress!
Wahoo  you will be looking sexy!
Demi is so inspiring 
What a great day it is.
Fingers crossed.
You're going Hollywood on me :
: I want one of those.
Where did you order it from?///The Obama website.
Go to store.
HAHAHA he was great.
We never took a picture with him :
watching hockey in the den and my RA asks if we can turn on nba thatajoke?
So many wishes!
better save some for tomororw ;
Not fan of American Idol tonight...
Skylar by far is one of the best singers in that competition
Two days until the big move to 162 Boylston!
Wait until you see our new digs, people.
They're amazing.
Have a Happy New Year!
OMG....HAVE U BEEN doctorNKING LATELY ........PLZ DON'T doctorVE STAY SAVE......
BYE
SAN DIEGO STANDUP!
SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL STARZ!
APR.12!
RILEYS MUSIC LOUNGE!
PERFORMING LIVE WILL BE CRISIS INSANE, FLASHIUS G.
CLAY, PAKMAN
Damn, I hate when something bad happens to someone close and there isn't shit you can do or say to help.
I get the absolute worst tans
I listened to Daniel Tosh's standup where he described the whole movie in about 30 minutes.
That was enough for me.
thanks for being Champions of the Community partner
Me favorite session today was illinois's experimental andoctorid apps
just got my bike stolen off the Rapid 780 headed W from Vermont/Prospect.
Blck/gold, single speed.
kill them.
Lmao it's not that serious, i just asked a question
Follow for details about Kansas City Urban Fashion Fest
13 Evelyn's Place  New Orleans, LA
See you tonight at
This Is Gunna Be Our Year.
JustSaying :
thank you beautiful!
you were lookin' fine at your premiere!
RT Gallant Knight is back!
Here I come, baby.
Did you know Obama is a lefty too?
Like YOU and ME 3 x
Yes, a Rt.
10 will make that trip.
Have you tried Google Trip Planner?
Many people find this an easy tool for planning trips.
absolutely a number of friends and I were just saying that dondoctorper is just not doing it for us anymore!
I must be eight feet taller than everyone in here.
I'm like some displaced giant...
Hey There!
I'm a NEW FOLLOWER of This Way To The Egress  and I'm mentioning the post/status on FB that told me of a prize.
Jamaican Proverb: You tink a one day monkey want wife Translation never forget those who helped you
Rockies need to get back on a roll and it starts tonight!
Can't wait for streetleage tomorrow!
stoked!!!!
Cant wait for the gnarylest skateboard contest!
3BR/2BA Single Family House in Dunwoody area.
1650/mth 800 Sec Dep.
Inbox me for more details
Amy, thanks for following me.
Yes, I did.
Marimekko comes to Mingei soon.
Will let you know ads M DAY approaches,
Beautiful soul by Jesse McCartney 3
i remember all the looks on ur face when i told u i love you...........
it was most good!
I thought it was pretty bomb.
Great writing.
Channing and Rachel looked good together on screen.
Man, Taskmaster's voice in USM SUCKS!
Nowhere near as cool  unique as the NY accent he had in MvC3!
is the ONLY Tasky!
Let's Go Blazers!!
RipCity Gotta hit some of those 3s!
Scandal is an amazing show.
Great writing and cast.
With every ep.
it gets better.
Why the hell am I still getting UK Now emails?
hey i 3u, but come up with an avatar pic better than the goose egg
my head wants to explode ;
Another way to develop relationships with faculty and students: be a student, take a class!
I need niggas thats gon ride til the wheels pop not niggas who ride wen its necessary for them
Clever and funny!
Finally home.3
Can your office be reached from virtualy anywhere?
Shirt off, boxers showing, sweatpants sagging, dancing to music.
OnlySaggInTheCribb GreatStartToSunday!
Weekend Tip: Three keys for playing in the wind On Friday, the 50,000pound Space Shuttle Enterprise made its final flight, piggybacking
100 days till Brewers Home Opener 2012.
Kuuuuush in the swisher, money over bitches.
My starbucks taste gross, i hate when they fuck up 
You've entered right?
So you COULD be the winner of a 700 Macy's Card or 100 from Jeni's Ice Cream!...
Last night was something else but oh well on to the next day with a can of new ambition
When you hear the expression moderate doctornker what do you think?
Asking for a friend.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin
We are all on Light St !
the world needs ditch diggers Danny....judge smails
My blog I just tweeted a link to has the complete press release of details
I throw baseballs into the stands better than Josh Hamilton
Several people on this flight look like librarians.
I'm guessing they aren't.
Coworker on my painting from last night: It's not good, but I saw worse things my first year of art school I'll take it!
I'm hungry.
Thunder well yea i keep on forgetting about them.
we will see
My mom is so stupid though.
I don't give a fuck if your mad at my sister I'm not gonna let you take it out on me.
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
Damn somebody got killed in the trappers
It's a slow day
Er, safe travels ; RT : Save travels  enjoy Cambodia!
Any suggestions on how to improve my blog post
doctorgs?
PEDs?
what?!?
Was in a public place listening to a tired kid and a submissive mom.
Painful to witness.
After a solid first inning, Tommy Hanson is lining em up and sitting em down.
Solid start.
The
That's cool, was just making sure.
Can you tweak your session title so easier to describe when on the session board?
It feels a lot better to be nice to people rather than be mean.
Try it :
Hi Lyndi!
Great to see you at an smcsea event.
My broker just emailed me.
Says I can get a free 32 GB iTouch4 with Bose Headphones....if I deposit 75,000 in my account!
LOL
Lets have a txt poll.
Question should MS sink or swim?
Fight party popping right now....the crib is packed, now time for the fight
we are SO excited to have our furniture  lighting featured in Frank Ponterio's  Kinari Designs' Rooms!
well its true stop being a hater you jealous jerk
AAPDgala was inspiring and optimistic.
Plenty of work yet to be done to create equality for people with
support the artists performing live on the show by buying their music legally.
Keep reggae alive!
Thanks for all you do, and thanks for the follow, OH.
And....the sirens are tested.
It feels like there is one in my backyard.
For what ?
Even tho its not exactly how I pictured us, I wouldn't want it any other way.
definitely agree!
Everytime I see 's twitcon I meow cause I love cats :
Ethier deserved it way more!!
smh :
Congratulations to all of our Tacky Holiday Sweatshirt winners!
, , Sleeping Lady Resort, McKinstry and !
I'm around the corner!
there's no more corn for our epic fails :
well that was the fastest I ever got ready for work.
I hereya on that
I will : Stop by if you have time!
Or tomorrow with the munchkin :
Tree six mafia
I couldn't respond until we won so yea I will enjoy it n hope to see a down there
Oh I've got one.
The gargoyle prep school novels.
GARGYLE.
They've got rockhard abs.
Literally.
really?
I will look for it.
Congrats to Aztec Club member for your NFL Hall of Fame induction.
Thanks for all you do for your SDSU Aztecs Marshall!
Just booked a 145/night room for 65/night booyah!!!!
Best Friends Forever 3
This nigga still has hulk as his avi still
bro we need to hit classic up
Is it just me, or is tweeting from a phone SO much better than tweeting from a computer?
Labels?
Okay, fine.
I'm bisensual.
Heteroflexible.
And lifecurious.
That about covers it.
Morgan Torva
Weather like today's makes me want to be at the pool with a snowball
I'd rather look forward to the future with u than look back on the past without you.
that's a good rebuttal...
I think you are 0  3 :

Cramer Krasselt in Chicago is currently hiring a media assistant if you're looking entry level.
I work at the Milwaukee office :
Barbara is rereading Harry Potter 67 over and over trying to get the latest movie out of her head  keep reading?
or electroshock therapy?
Plunging into the world of iPad app design.
Really wish I could have dipped my toe in first.
Hey Aml, I am having problems sending you the questions, does the email you sent still exist?
I dont think people udnerstand that what they might be funny to them...
but hurtful to someone else.
Smh
yes I do!!!
Thanks steprepeat
RIP LeanneRiderVargas.
A dear classmate and longtime friend.
Your sense of humor always inspired me.
This is a sad day.
Shocking news.
I'm new to this so thank you
safewayj4u Questions about the Safeway Save 4 u?
Ask me now...they're here to answer them!
Congrats to Derek Layne who closed a Raising Cane's in Arizona this week!
you gotta have faith, faith, faith!
Late night, Budheavy and Modern Warfare 3
uh huh yip
Skinning Callout and CalloutButton В Jason's Flex Blog
SAME I ONLY LIKED THEM SINCE DECEMBER
I wish Super Tuesday was actually super.
I bet if I cooked a steak, read some Vonnegut, and bottled a home brew it would be so.
Ah!
MT : 5 weeks ago today the arbitration hearing began in NY on Ryan Braun's appeal of a positive doctorg test.
We go live from Aqua at 10pm
The Go Kart scene in Freaks and Geeks was filmed in my hometown.
Hi, Ariana, Please follow me, I love you so much3
oh, amazing!
Grab a pic!
Working on a bikini photo shoot all day can give a person a serious complex
ok what u want.
Lol
on a scale from one to batman, how excited are you for the idol tour?!
finally caved in...
im gonna come down there and make you eat your fking shoe!
You got them stinking up the house now!
yes it was at grettell's house .
Remember the toys flying around too lol?
Those kids
weirdest part..
that Clapton song is from 86.
Why were they parodying a 7 year old video?
Going to help my native american afterschool :
thingspeoplehavetostopdoing eating late at night
b r friend on facebook......cashville representas
The sad thing is, even if they did, it wouldn't make it any cheaper.
On this holiday of renewal, spring,  rebirth, may we imagine  create a World of Peace  Namaste  Happy Easter!
Open for happy hour.
New beers to try: Bell's Best Brown and HackerPschorr Oktoberfest.
2 domestics and 3 Lakefronts till 8pm.
who run the world?
'Mercia
Thank you!
that is Polly Tweets LOL : Oh, I love your icon so much!
TY for the Tuesday love tweetie
De'riyah juss gave me a big ole kiss on the cheek then she pulled my hair nd she tlking shit
RT : talk: for successful community, entry barrier  topic definition  motivation
Lovin the weather
he follows me on Twitter , u ain't Shit
I hate when girls wear open toed shoes and their toes are going all crazy in every direction
preparing lesson plan 4 our Searching the Scriptures  Intercessory Prayer group
Needa find someone to go through this playlist with
All this rain 
NOW EXIT !
RT : Dough in the TL
Don't start to end a conversation with me then get booty tickled when I don't text back.
can we get Quick on the show
Everyone was created unique and different, except Japanese people.
They were created with copy and paste.
swallow balls ; nuts to !
lmfao
I almost have as many followers as you!
how's everyone doing today?!
people in school ugh
I now work for www.karmaloop.com so if u need a discount hit me up 20 off if u use my sales code the first time and 10 after.
Have live feed on mute in the office.
Hope boss doesn't come in till after this shit is over!
Is there only one feed for all sites?
Is Narduzzi gone?
If not now, then soon right?
With that, is Mike Tressel our next dcoordinator?
More Than This.
Great Song.
Can only imagine the video.
hahaha I laughed so hard when I read this.
X
One more test left of my junior year.
Heh...
good call.
RT Leaving Twitter for a while until the Dick Clark jokes are over.
Or my legs and/or feet are on fire..
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
Charles F.
Kettering
plz dont send money if ur frnd asks for help via email .check if it is same person.I heard news of some emails getting hacked.
I'm in Suffolk, but I play in Nassau as well.
How about you?
I don't know what's going on sumtimes.
Charlie Brown did have good days
Your tweets are showing up in my search!
I avoid trails these days.
Work on core stability for help w/your knees.
Considering home school.
Just watched my son roll over for the first time...
PRIDE
There were two slices of vanilla raspberry cake on the kitchen table about 15 minutes ago.
Not sure if they are still there though.
welcome to the club Rob!
Mccallie 6 Charlotte Catholic 4.
Fourth quarter about to start.
tru luv a lady who can make smile or laugh 
rails round 1 was a disaster.
This time it is FANTABULOUS !!!
yeah definitely
Buffets aren't as much fun now that I'm being more healthy and working out a lot.
Back in the day I would really went off
Nice to take a Saturday off for first time since Thanksgiving 2009!
My son is turning into a monster 
i'd much rather go on a date in the sunny afternoon than at night..
She should've practiced with those boots!
That was not a video.?
Alamogordo's part of the Earth had rolled away from the Sun and into the Earth's shadow, when a man, 33, tried to leave IHOP without paying.

cool stuff!
Miss you too Sunshine!
I'm getting closer.
Should be there no later than August!
:
Hahah well you should, it's only for the coolest P
what time is the music getting going tonight?
With the price of gas going up and up.
There is some FREE fuel we can all get and it is simple to get and easy to use.
Looking forward to lunch  learning about James tomorrow from Come join us
I heard that if you have hairy toes you're healthy....does that mean my friend's gorilla feet are a good thing?
second day home sick, for the second time this winter  I am going to go nuts in here!!
I don't sit around and do nothing very well...
of course : girl you are fantastic ......
hey JB new song Boyfriend i love this song
This is pretty cool, worthless, but cool.
Good.
I hate Toby.
It would be tight, but I could swing it!
Had a great call yesterday with !
iTriage is getting excited about !!!!
Be a better man today than you were yesterday
I ain't heard bone crusher in umteen years lol
i am seriously in love with francisco lachowski
too late hahah just kidding i'm currently sitting in tino's with shannon
exactly.
Alright Jim, I'm going to relax.
Nice talking to you.
Journey 2 was great with TeamJHutch!
Wow, an east coast earthquake.
my sweet and beautiful idol has no brakes wonderful singing is the best is my inspiration is love you  !
!
We've got a soft spot in our hearts for Samuel D.
Hunter's work.
So a group of Mortar folks are going to 's show Saturday!
That moment when random strangers tell you too much about their lives and you don't know how to respond
U noe he's the one wen he's in the kitchen cooking for yhu xD love yhu babee
Going on hiatus soon.
M.I.A.
you fucking rock Evan, fuck the spirit snipers.
Yes.
Bravo Ed Harris for being that brave!
Protesters rally outside annual Minnesota Chamber of Commerce meeting in St Paul
um...no.
But having fun!
Pat Summit you are QUEEN!!!!!
Long live the Queen.
Amazing Air Fresher make money now www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
BTW Ball Will Slay Hong Kong
Sweet man wish I could l stop out and see you play!
lacie gets to meet her other brother family is complete
Always share your story..
you never know the positive difference you can make and what someone needed 2 hear 2 be inspired!!
the only people that come here twice must not eat out much  my dad lol
Congratulations on the promotion of Jim Benson to CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
I should never, ever start to research the concept of social graphs.
Every time I do it I derail my current project.
My behavior decisions need to consider the impact on others.
1 Corinthians 8:113
Has anyone seen the cover of Men's Health this month?
I see Zac Efron is in good health..
Happiness is God's Will.,
Sounds like fun!
Have a good time.
You've got to be the worst liar ever.
LOL.
Nofuckingjoke.
But hey.
Suit yourself.
There's a special place in hell for you.
:
as far as i know
Hope you feel better soon..
so glad Adele took 'em all home tonight.
i have faith in the Grammys again.
well except for those couple of things...
oO
Be back later!
heading off to dance.
im ready wenever you are lol
'12 Texas Football season tix apps will be arriving in mail this week.
Orders due by May 25.
Lost my keys this morning...
of course they were in the coat I looked in 4x.
Husband found them on the 1st look ugg
hyoyeon is with me right now do she says hi :p
just checking it out nowgive me a few minutes.
Common factors in sex assault claims: alcohol, lack of memory, victim w/ prior mental health issues
Rise and shine fucker
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your doctorams.
My mentorOprah Winfrey
Kobe also has an App.
It works approx.
10 out of 27 attempts.
you turned out to the best thing i never had.
Bout to hit up this Academy party
Ok I'm at the theater to see red tail and the movie is canceled !!!
Cause there projector not working....oh this bull crap
Truer words have never been spoken.
At least in my case.
RT : The belly rules the mind.
Spanish Proverb
how did it go?
when will you be up  moving again?
:
Box of wine.
Dangerous.
She said yes now she says she meant so,ething different??
A whole year wondering  ........
Actually cant believe im sad :/ goodbye twitter
we news more pictures and updates.
Everyone not in Nashville is living vicariously through you guys today.
Retweet
I can't believe subway charged me 5cent to put my sandwich In a bag
There Will No White Flags  No Peace Talk!
what up my bieber lovers i got his new song uploaded on youtube
that song is amazing
Who likes the song 115 by Elena Siegman that song is kickass!!!!!
I love that song!!!!!!
ShoutOutToTheGuysThat are doing some thing with their lives and not in the streets twothumbsup lol
Takeaway 6 bigomaha: Get ready to belong to what you're doing.
Just doctornk raw egg whites
Wow, they're some talented people out there!
heey follow back xp
hang on....I just counted...The Dells only had 4 players!!!
4 players!!
Wtf
WHAT is up with JImmy, Jimmy?
Do u like or dislike Chris Jericho?
Like the DeVier Posey pick for Texans.
Andoctor Johnson's influence will be good for him as complementary WR.
so outta the loop..
I have no idea what's going on considering my butt's been glued to my floor for hours doi ...
no sleep, ugh.
Saw having trouble 2.
All that ever helped me was consistent schedule; not possible 4 u I bet.
Hey, good thanks and you?
:D And not started yet, just doing lots of revision :
I think he came frm a monkeys butt just sayin
will do!
I'll text ya
wtf why does netflix think abc familys make it or break it is a top 10 picks for me?
psh.
It's gonna be amazing, I know it
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
9
Cool  client says I forgot to book my car for the next day, I used Tripware.com  booked immediately!
104 degrees on my covered back porch
Some days I need better time management skills.
For info on coding language and CLA requirements, , , might have insight
Wow there's already a shitload of misquotes smh hate those bitches
yea me neither, but today is my last day at work so whatever.
That works great for me I can be there at 3:30.
I am really looking forward to it!
To all losers who prefer to watch idol instead of vampire diaries.
.
.
.
u suck
Hey who went on my twitter and tweeted who wants to lose weight?!
Now im mad!!!!
: I'm ready to kill!
Hahahaha just kidding!!
I dident take a nap today because I wanted to sleep at night but that shit dident work
classic river trip
BigEastDemands that Miami, Penn State and Notre Dame be granted full membership, retroactive to 1981.
When God close a door even though we don't want him to, don't worry because he as a much better door open for you to walk into
Please go watch it.
It'll melt your heart.
Have you seen Amelie?
It's that same feeling.
Sometimes we sing because it's the best way the only way to express how we really feel.
So I think that should teach me how to doctorve his race car!
lol..and I think I'd be damn good too!
lol:p
thanks big guy!
Right back at ya bro.
Miss ya sir, and give my best to the rest of clubbie nation and the fellas please
FRI Lunch Salad Special:Baby Iceberg Wedge with Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onion, Hard Boiled Egg  Creamy Maytag Blue Cheese doctorssing
Instead of playing Words With Friends on my phone I'm playing Write a F'ing Script on my phone.
Downtime reinvented.
but u never really have ur soon on the wkndz any way
I left wife two years ago last month.
Life can be too short if you have one major poison....more fun to have many little ones.
just let us know the details :
We find ourselves in the same old mess, singin doctornken lullabies!
RT : EVENT UPDATE: 'OUAB Presents E!
Sensation ' has been cancelled due to medical concerns.
What a crazy weekend spent sat rocking out with avenged sevenfold , godsmack, 3 days grace,  seether and so many more crazy day
I HATE seeing friends down, or upset.!
I need rest!
why is that ??
miketomlin is the man
Good morning everybody.
Made it to school and sleepy af
Have a great Derby Day tomorrow, Michelle!
you're in school.
wut?
IPhone 7 o.O goodnight babes 21 love you all :
The book is 24 pages.16 full color.
Thanks for your interest!
Flipping characters is one of the things GRR Martin does extremely well.
If you need to spread the word about anything, you should sign up on OneFreeAd.com and post it!
It's completely free and new!
:D
the key concern is an understanding regarding species interdependence and the development of symbiotic relationships.
which on are you going to park in?!
Inside all of our hearts is blood, but also Jesus!
RT If we fail to sieze small opportunities, we fail
I wish my brain would freaking turn off so I can sleep.
sometimes too many given credentials?
Hot as hell today!
If you're doing music you NEED to connect with and hit up the PenUp event in LA...I HIGHLY recommend it
Live in Windsor??
Check out the 2012 Grand Prix Show Car at the WESPY AWARDS tonight at the Caboto Club!!
We are not bloggers, we are influencers via
New for 2012, the CitiesoftheWorld Pavilion features cities  municipalities looking to attract retail development to their communities

since there's no CoachellaLive steam on YouTubeyeah, it is easy to forget.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 04/05/12 is Ian and Dan!
I can only become a good Leader if I'm committed to becoming a good follower.
Scentsational candles and luscious fragrances.
Gotta see them!
Do you remember what the media like around Ray Sherman's son death?
There was def more print media at that time.
I've been writing aaaalll day.
get at me tomorrow you derrty
WATCH MISFITS!
omg best show ever
Be sure to catch me in the mix tonight on !
Tune in at 2:20am for the 'clubbers commute' w my man
So feels like jet skiing right about now  seeing the lake from across the street doesn't helpp  Ready to hit the waterr!
I CANT WAIT UNTILL SaySomething IS ON ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
When you're in love you can't see all the problems in a relationship, this is why my ass won't fall in love.
I thought I was the only one who did that!
definitely not.
actually I have nothing against youumm I'm not gonna make this a big deal cuz I don't care what you say
Thanks for meeting up today  it was awesome to catch up!
Can't wait for some  collaborations!
Oof.
Goodness.
Getting older has some benefits.
i want to unplug my phone '; wtf, i cant believe my phone has been syncing for almost 5 hours now !
We love our weekly deliveries!
Looking forward to having you down the way at the Market!
I LOVE Jesse Tyler Ferguson, and not just because he proposed marriage to Cat Deeley.
One thing I will say  when something goes wrong, so long as it doesn't involve water leaks there's no hurry to fix anything.
You're running out of time to get the 50 off all horn and bone jewelry we have in the shop!
Or to get someone a gift certificate for Xmas!
thanks for the Ward 5 maps.
You've upped the ante for my own Ward 6
I'll try to make it out, Are you coming to my show at JJ May 23rd???
Today's BTU inspiration: Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
Dalai Lama
road tripping with a 4 month old will be an interesting experience.
Countdown to Florida has started!
: normally read first thing in the morning.
Haven't carted my bedside quad from the house since Christmas.
RT : Any Lord of the Rings fans out there?
Heres the trailer for Peter Jacksons next movie The Hobbit...
The Buddha himself said we shouldnt believe his words without questionwe must discover the truth for ourselves.
Tenzing Norbu
Just voted for you!
My ears are burning this morning!
Remember, Atlantans, I've been here for 30 years.
I got degrees like Kevin Bacon, yo.
Be nice.
3 days until the Superbowl!!!
Visit us at www.vancouverwahotel.com
Someone needs to start a Where to go in DC When Your Parents Visit  Post Grad Edition blog STAT
Destressing by playing the ukulele.
Horribly.
I'm embracing my suckage.
Hopping the fence with a doctorss on is rough.
Hope everyone thought my panties were as cute as I do
Finally got to see Jeremy Lin play tonight.
Didn't expect to get sucked into the hype, but...
seriously, watch this guy play.
Nah, I registered it with an account I never used, so I swapped.
I do have an offer out on though.
instead of focusing on a growing healthcare crisis.
Still remember Reagan's health care plan?
Mandatory PE in school.
Looking forward to Joseph Olshan's reading from Cloudland at Wednesday night.
Good: I pulled the camper out  opened it up  no critters set up camp in there over winter.
Bad: Now I can't get it all the way back down.
Nothing messes up your Friday more than realizing it's only Wednesday!!
Such a nice day outside!
So glad I have work until 5....
Just back from science communication careers panel.
Best question of the night: who are the best role models to watch?
Mwhahahaha who hacked your twitter now!
payback love you laine!
Love your giggle box
i hope you have an amazing birthday!
Save me some cake :
Foundational values of the Chicago pub lib were importance of community, the right to know, autonomy, advocacy
Tina Fey makes everything better/okay.
He sees what I see and he knows what I know.
Joining us at 6 2nite for Narrator book launch?
I also play YES BTS but my account name was is my original my yes account.
SIMichael it didn't realize I changed names
i had a feeling they were lyingseeing as they use their phone to check FB.
I HATE when people lie to me as if I'm plain dumb
bye Twitter : I have to go own my homework problems.
love youu
I'm a follower :D33
Princess of Mars is on Syfy.
I guess I don't have to see Disney's John Carter when it comes out
anyone interested in coowning?
is verified?!
I have to admitI am somewhat envious.
Actually...quite envious.
Just lost two followers.
Consider ergonomics and how people hold devices when designing apps.
It matters where you place content.
Good advice
LMBOOOO MyFirstYearAtFAMU I tripped and rolled down the hill by B.L.
Perry
Woot!
We're glad you're coming!
See you then!
sup nword
I've been to some pretty good college basketball games but this one is my first ncaa tourney game.
ThanksGiving dinner would be amazing high
Hey loser It's too.
Not to.
Dork.
bro , then swallow your pride  do that .
If u really want her back u will do it ...
I'm so stupid.
I'm tired of waiting.
I keep saying I'm done, but I know I'm really not.
Thursday is almost here; our monthly 3rd Thursday Community Mixer will be taking place at the Hilton Garden Inn Elk Grove.
5:307:30
This child actor is INCREDIBLE!
Please post your notes from the panel!
I will experiment with this tomorrow.
Not feverishly?!
LOL
Ok I'm sorry
that moment when everyone stops laughing and all you hear is me..
no you go to sleep now .
I've missed at least 2 chances to see Mark Knopfler in concert.
This needs to be corrected.
I also think some lexile levels are really off...
Kids have fav genre, they like them, they get them...
let them read em
u got a ticket
With imagination and thought, a perfect gift for Valentine's Day can easily be found at a little cost
We have gotten A LOT of positive feedback in regards to our 1st Team 10 Media Quarterly Mtg.
What was your favorite part about being there?
Backed up my files.
Just wiped my doctorve.
Now reinstalling lion.
I hope I didn't miss any important files!
competition, I don't see any
Chris Hardwick Nerds make the shiny things that distract the mouth breathers.
I'll be at You?
actually agreed!
But a small detail, at that.
Overall, tho, I'm really impressed esp.
in comparison to their former...
You never realize how lazy people actually are until you work in retail.
Aye.
Guess what ?
Haters makes me famous bitch.
So keep hating.
Looking for someone to handle my blog, FB, twitter and newsletter.
Help me market my CDs and Ascot ties..
A thought for the NewYear via: Skinner  Was putting a man on the moon actually easier than improving education in our public schools?
I hear you, doesn't get any better than the jewel events.
Have a great weekend!
Lol for a second I thought you said, I hit that.
And I was like man my memory is bad lol.
i wanna see your longest cute hair tomorrow ??
i love your covergirl commercial w/ sofia vergara!!
Hilarious :
Extremely thankful!
Haha
RT : RT : Mobile is a user state, not a device.
Guess who's got two thumbs and has been hangoverfree for two years?
THIS GIRL!
great burger!
I don't head back for 2 weeks.
Im out west right now but will be back in Harrisburg on tuesday.
I have K12 all to myself!
These Atkin's Bars are SO good!!!
MY GRADE WENT UP IN ALGEBRA 2.
WHAT.
IS THIS REAL LIFE?
when is ur surgery???
Yeah....
It was said...
I'm not sure what it means.
Call your Representatives today  tell them to vote against CISPA tomorrow.
The vaguely defined bill gives open access to our private data
It's a game none of my friends play though, and in order for me to advance in it I need help from neighbours so I buy credits...
:
The top 10 have disbursed capital gains, derivatives have allowed gas prices to edge around 3.33 and y'all are happy..
smh
good afternoon to you too!!
wouldnt miss it!
well, gonna try anyway.
bangs head on desk
alright i'll be there can't wait to see everyone :
U there!
Yes u....
Your not cool....
Sorry
When trying on an old button up, if it's pulling your shoulders back before its over your elbows then it's time it BURNS!
:
Today at 6pm on MTPV 10, catch a preview of our annual GREAT TV AUCTION.
Highlights include artwork, jewelry, vacations and much more!
Hello, Twitter!
Weve here to introduce you to the musicians of the Symphony.
Look for pictures, musician spotlights, events,  more!
Long night last night, gonna send out a few emails then gotta take a nap!
man da law b tripen on my block its da criminals verse da cops
attack the enemy
no maam we called and checked the lost and found.
your pics r making me laugh!
Thanks!
And though our health we doctornk a thousand, times its time to ramble on.
I'll be right there with plenty of lotion.
Riding my bike to work continues to pay amazing dividends.
Best ROI I've ever realized, I think.
Beyonce5thAlbumTitles Life After Birth
no imma bigger kobe fan then anyone u prolly know!
But I'm a basketball fan.
he be bullshittin a lot
NW..
Black Swan
Music sometimes makes me feel better when im not in the mood for anything.
Lol
FML...
I just want a relationship that will last.
Someone who won't turn around and hurt me...
Like come on...
FUCK MY LIFE!
GOD DAMNIT.
The bad news is time flies.
The good news is you're the pilot.
Michael Altshuler
Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can.
Mosaic  Des Peres is OPEN, stop by have some tapas and cocktails and see this awesome space!!!
I would love to set up a photoshoot with you when I get to Cali later this year.
I know a few bug a boos
We have a tennis challenge for you this summer.
Let us know if your interested and Got Next
: we have this kind of friendship in which i call you bch and you call me slut and we are still best friends
I miss u more..im doctornking white wine and got kinda emotional..u just reminded me of our night at dominos!
haha xox
Just got to Noche Caliente for da last hour!!
Thanks for the RT!
Hey Doug, thanks for the RT.
Love!!!
RT : teampablove runner Lauren just finished the !!
congrats!
Why did you two break up before?
Thanks for the feedback.
We'll pass it along to the workshops team.
Thanks for the S/O Stephanie  Dustin!
R U all going to Legends game?
DC: Tonite 47 pm,  Love Nightclub.
Vince Gray Volunteers; celebrate all that we've accomplished.
See you there!
Haha...
really?
till your ovaries explode?
you make me crack up!
hm, still trying to make up my mind.
Actually, I like the sound of that.
Still trying to make up my mind yup
: whooped from all the fresh air today;
We have a shot like that in Chicago it's a goal no doubt, bc we know Johnson can't stop a skipper.
: I saw you!!
I want your autograph.
// me too!
You're famous now!
:D
Pearls of wisdom.
Calling me sir is like putting an elevator in an outhouse.
It don't belong.
Emmett, Road House
The Rain 
Pissed at Jets loss to Tebow now have to have lunch with former Cowboy Bill Bates today who also coached Tebow in High School
The original Hieber's Pharmacy was opened in the Strip District by Albert and Ben Hieber in the 1860's!
Still serving Pittsburgh with pride!
hit me up gotta tell you a lil sum sum Lol
I'm about half an inch away from no longer going downtown in the eves...
Mostly cuz I've moved that far in 10.
Feelin particularly pretty today :
Another night of deep thoughts
Going to the hotel staying up all night lol.
Twisting tonight at The Showcase Cinemas Dedham.
Ma.
from 57 pm for Happy Feet 2 In the Lobby!
Making Penguin Balloons!
What they Gone say when i tellem ALL I GOTTA SAY IS
Acoustic version  live version  album version
I wonder if people look at me, and think I wish I was that pretty, because thats what I think when I look at everyone else.
A peaceful lunch finally :
I bet you 10 that you can't look at a picture of the Dancing with the Stars cast and name more than 2 of the stars without a captainon.
RT : We salute the YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee on its successful 15th Annual doctor Martin Luther King, jr.
breakfast....
wooohoo!
What kinda car?
diamond bits, tell them you need a bit for ceramic tile.
It's the same bit, they're like 1015 bucks.
Nope on favorites
Thanks for the follow.
We would love to tell you how OC Moms are using Nextdoor.
If interested email :
.
The Kirsh family says hi.
Hope you and Mitch are doing well.
Have a great day.
Joel kirsh
I wonder what will happen to 's decades of congressional docs after he retires.
Me and Nick Cannon down by the school yard....playing tether ball.
Wish I could be a the GALA Stu.
I'll be thinking about you from Boston on that night : Have a great one!
You've turned into a pretty big waste of my Time
Dudes called their thing Transverse Temporal Gyrus.
Stay you, Animal Collective.
EPUB titles should work perfectly, again I apologize, but you may need to contact
I'm getting tired of diss, sum finna channgee now!
I would think Cyborg is more accurate
Human Centipede is my new Caligula
Let her eat cake!
: I just want cake.
Never heard of you dudes.
Cool music.
Me too.
There's not a damn thing to do.
what was ettttt
ok thanks
Watching sitcoms and romantic comedies while trying to write my own.
Unfortunately, it is just making me feel all sappy and stupid...
The definition of being stupid: seeing the truth, knowing the truth, and choosing to still believe the lies...
Going to watch Phoenix Coyotes beat Calgary Flames.
Go Coyotes!!!
Oh my god that little bastard is adorable.
JO
Jimmy's shin guard makes him looks like a Storm Ship Trooper.
He is my favorite person in the world.
Looks like maybe stjbb still in??
// RT What bout st johns nd UCONN...
What u think bout them...
Good looks too
Awesome!
Will do.
Thank you :
I'm A Lil Timid.
And now they're talking about the East German men's gymnastics team...
didn't catch the relation but am perversely intrigued.
For health and the constant enjoyment of life, give me a keen and everpresent sense of humor it is the next best thing to an ab
The elections at my school were not that bad.
that is so weird because you are in my stream and it shows I am following you.
Ansira is looking for an Insight Director 2 manage the analysis of our digital campaigns, let me know if you're interested
Thanks to all who retweeted about the new Neal Morse and Transatlantic releases.
When you support the music you love, you never lose it!
Proud/Happy for my nephew there's nothing like wanting something for a longtime then finally getting it!!
Our friends now have an ice cream truck in NY!
Follow for truck locations so you can get your ice cream fix!
Dolphins struggling to sell season tickets  National Football Post
Going to journalism banquet tonight.
If it's anything like last year, room will be loaded with pretty, pretty TV people.
Nice hair.
I did
Peffer says the dissolution of UCAN is heartbreaking.
He believes in what UCAN works to accomplish.
Ricky Henderson had 130 steals in 1982?
Holy crap!
where's this?
Look at that fresh professorle pic.
Lookin' good!
On my way to the Lone Ranger Ultra Marathon in Philly
who do I need to tweet at to get the WTLX webstream turned on?
school starts tomorrow, dammit.
it's google I have a prob w/ in MFF.
Flash causes my IE7 at work to crash.
Thanks though, I'm def going to update.
I know I said this on FB...but BEAUTIFUL pic!!!!
:
We accept the love we think we desire.
We are now officially a 5man band.
m/
Late to school...
Shocker
just stfu.
all you want is attention.
You're too kind sir!
RT Definite top shelf comedy coming out of the PIT.
Would have stuck around to chat but it was getting late
you and your brother come to video shoot featuring Shawty Lo on Monday May 7 DM me..thanks
emma and i are 'working'.
I'm uploading it to, ugh, Myspace.
I'll link as soon as they process it.
I'll send you the album, I want you guys to have it.
It was fun doctorving all the way home burnt to a crisp and pissed off for 4 hours that the Yotes lost again.
listening to a webinar on blended learning.
pfffft.
You can do it :P.
haha well then i look foward to it gunnabelive :
My tweet cloud for contains the words: great, happy, live, love, read and social.
A little too positive?
I'd have to go with the I Ching.
What?
We have twins and suddenly I'm expected to give up my bar time to watch the little rug rats?
No fair!
I picked that song mostly for the title.
She studied with Nobel Laureate Derek Wolcott in grad school.
unrelated to the song.
says google doodles coming to mobile.
With this  docs, seems like they are bringing whole experiece 2 mobile
I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday and today the sleeves got rolled up and its game on stay tuned its getting better
New method on filling out my bracket this year.
Doing it on April 5th.
I swaer looking through my instagram makes my day
: how are your ugh's coming along?
Me too.
put your mind to it and you'll accomplish anything
whats the lastest new on twitter????
NBA suspends World Peace 7 games for elbow ...
I think this was the real reason he changed his name.
why you hate me, you hate me cause im doing what im supposed to and im making more money than you
father time mite be counting down never had one longer than a month 2312
Got my standing back handspring 
thanks Kathy!
Xoxo
Teaching  Learning with Digital Mindfulness 4 third grd parents.
Looking forward to questions from parents.
this movie is really stupid
MY SCHOOL FINISHES THAT WEEKEND SO I WILL NEED ALL OF THE doctorNKS ANYWAY.
Bring it on, baby!
we are fighting!
fighting to keep the 100K beneftis and salary packages we are entitled to from taxpayers!
October Is LGBT History Month!.....Thanks
Siri tell she's stupid ....Now calling Joe Bates
Good morning Papa Dios.
Could really use a boost of energy.
thry are trying to be cool.
what a shame
Happy birthday,
Parent: What did you learn today?
Student: Apparently not enough!
We have to go back tomorrow!
The last time you were looking for something to buy online did you go to craigslist.org?
No way Palmiero's mustache is better than Eddie Murray's
fair enough.
Good luck at the ultrasound appointment anyway.
Hope you get good news.
Musical trivia night
first time at ?
That's pretty special.
Enjoy!
Some times I forget how silly life really is
2chainz that nikka: Shout out to the new 2chainz fans 
I want a girlfriend dog.
Oh, just reading and feeling like an underachiever.
I should stick to reading the National Enquirer and feeling awesome.
must end capitalism.
Must stop propagating postracial fantasy.
Must stop being a corporate shill.
Oh hay there Florida panthers
RT how can I acquire UX design experience on my own?
Ask a local nonprofessort to work on their website.
Help each other out
Supersonic Acrobatic RocketPowered BattleCars.
Its a sports AND racing game, right up your alley
You know it jimmystanch has entered
Polisci professorto class Why do we have parties??
then he said I mean political parties.
I know why we have the other one haha
Watching hardcore pawn.
This shits hilarious.
Tonight Tongue  Groove  Mental Dope mixtape release  EPIC make ur cameo appearance Tonight in this Movie
Get a clay wash  detail after rain to avoid paint damage!
Call for our daily specials 9284848 sandiego sd auto car mobile :
An event at 11am called debate by and campaign event by ...
silly season in full bloom
bahahahah we need a reunion.
Inspiration:Stimulation of the mind or emotions to a high level of feeling or activity.
BE inspired today!!
www.befitchicago.com
awww thanks...
is going DOWN tomorrow...
Im excited ...
cant wait to see you !
I'd probably be doing homework now but I'm on twitter.
Bk ta sleep I go
Are you at Whistler's Peacock Room ?
look like u gone have to aint nun i can do
Schools, despite our constraints, do have the flexibility to reward and recognize teachers better than we are doing it now.
people are DELUSIONAL
But for most people, the place they were raised.
It has to have cultural associations for you.

haha.
My middle name is: It.
Yeah...
this: RT : Did I just see a tumbleweed go by?
Longest Viral Video w/most views?
Really?
Can't understand anyone in texas
i commend you on your limitedoctorsources treat pick, mama.
RT : CanIBeHonestWithYou I don't think i'll ever get over you..
i'm in love with you and always will be.
Lmfao when u feel like it
free GoDC tshirt to person who answers the question we're posting shortly ...
stay tuned!
Thanks for the RT, Lorna!
I hope you try out ' beta.
Happy day to you both :
Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln
The guys in the front row with the ref shirts were at
Singin songs about Texas with
you can't doctornk and doctorve!
downtime is important even when you love what u do.
too much is too much to be the master of the obvious ;
You're welcome!
We'll look forward to seeing you again.
I'm real.ly tired of adverbly startups.
Your noun is not an adverb and it sounds stupid and tired.
RT : ahahah WAIT.
Obama is at CU BOULDER TODAY...it's 4/20.
i die.
Waiting 45 min to get a haircut..
Where is Steven Hinezman!!!
I love you let's have babies
Sometimes the things that give me strength are the ones that make me weak .
PaperGang in this bitch
: Hello who some original down south like beats?
I need some ASAPck out he might hv something for u
Idk no niggas that do it RT : Self explanatory RT : What for?
RT SBGriffin: Looking at skydiving prices
What part of I don't like you don't you understand?
Our school, too.
Wins Stupid Rule Award of the year.
RT : So you can't play tag at school anymore?
So says my 8 year old.
I feel you.
I've loved that show for almost 4 years now.
Have fun baby girl!!
Easy to turn down a chick it's like my collar...
It's hard, cause when a 19 month old says Marshmallow, you almost cry.
Somehow i ended up watching 3/5 twilight's today 
yea I know ..
That's just my way of saying hi!!!
If a bartender asks if you want to do a shot with him, is he flirting?
If I say yes, am I?
all kinds of natuurliiiik is so lekker!
very very country.
Im back bitches
; it's okay.
when you are done i'd like to read it, if you don't care.
:
Anything's possible if you open your mind!!
shiiiited on em!
Might as well call em all out while your at it!
Time to get back on track..
TEX AM OVER
RT : Resorts  condos: New ADA Pool Lift rules in effect March 15.
Don't comply  it's a 60K fine.
Avoid it with our help....
on my mind: the decline of the newspaper industry...
when did journalism begin it's downward slide?
computers are the easy out.
Taking it real slow right now .
Going to LA in a few weeks .
: sweet, thanks beautiful
Where are the tour pods???
NEEDS MORE STEVEDAVE!!
Multitasking tonight!
Social media webinar while doing cardio.
RT Shout out to a great team!
great work!!!!
So proud!
We IN it!
Confirmed!
Tonight's hashtag for the BMA event is definitely bmaedge.
See you there at 5:30 for what should be an amazing evening!
Thanks for following Brooke!
I hope you enjoy my tweets.
that shits annoying.
i traded laptops  lost 2500 songs  I'm having trouble getting most back.
lol
Good morning tweeters!!
Make it a great day!
Not really..
opens this weekend.
check them out!
I thought about doing some more peer things...I KNOW!
I seem to be losing my touch?!
Parents think its ENTIRELY my job these days
Who brought winter to Houston?
Brrrrr
yupp, i'm forsure bipolar
Wow.
That's pretty fascinating.
Our first commercial is done!
We will be uploading it and launching our website in a few days!
I love piglets
guess who just ordered a SALTY shirt?!?!
ME!
haha thank you very much easter bunny haha :
LOL, that happens to me every day in this stupid building that has the pull bars on both sides of the door.
oh my god yes.
be sure to check out the GEB reading group happening on reddit  reddit.com/r/geb
Rick Carlisle signs new deal to coach Dallas Mavericks Rick Carlisle has signed a new contract with the Mavericks that will keep h
NYC Coffee  Tea Festival, worth the trip from San Jose, CA!
Enjoyed Yoon Hee Kim, Chef Melody and Tavalon's Chris Cason classes today.
I highly highly recommend you pick up new album.
It's one of my favorite records of 2012 and I am positive U will agree!
The people who r the govt are like the idiots who see me on a great run  who get n my way everytime i turn 2legally avoid them w/my talents
DM me next time!
Nice penetration from Ramón Sessions
sup?
Still have chance for a iCarly theater film you know..: got to get to help out
With signing of Young, should I doctorp Jordan Crawford for Jordan Hill or should I wait to see if JC can keep the starting gig?
Got my exercise 4 the night.
Heard a car alarm go off in front of the house, then remembered the car's in the back.
Good timing on the hot sauce photog.
I was literally about to walk over and take a shot of that.
Touche.
Sweet!
See you at the fest on June 2!
: RT :  got it on my calendar!
What!
is off to South Beach w/a fresh bottle of Chardonnay.
Food Network WFFs R amazing!
ahh memories of the 1st in NY
WeWontWorkoutIf you're not as weird as I am .
Still time to join our noon tournament.
140 buy in.
Sign up until 1:40 pm, late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
Hi Martha, I'm brand new at tweeting, and am trying to reach attorneys about this legal chess set any advice???
RT Mom, mom, mom, mommy, mommy, mommy, mother, mother, mother, louis, louis, louis, mama, mama, mama WHAT!?!
Hi hehe :D
If I was a boy I'd treat girls with respect...
Thank you Forte and thank you Barber!
And of course Jay Cutler the qb that made it happen!
Lovin' my bears right now!
i want to dye my hair!!!...
what color???
Conner Prairie's Civil War Journey takes participatory, intergenerational learning to the next level.
Opens June 4.
OMG this episode of personofinterest sounds way too familiar!!!!
Do you know how much I've done for you?
Senior Software DeveloperBellevue
just reply all to every email you send.
NOTHING BETTER THAN A MARIACHI SHOW BABY, LAS ALTENAS ROCK, CAN'T WAIT, C'MON 4 O' CLOCK!!!!
Going to a cookout!
I can't wait!
I'm starving!
:
You could play college next year and be as good as the other freshman, lol.
Never Say Never!
your life
ComicConEpisodeIVAFansHope sitting next to the biggest geek in the room, James Faust.
All these small ass little walking around by themselves , :o smh
nothing crazy, just kind of sick lol
Random Chode: Hey dude!
Wanna come join us for a fun soccer match?
Me: Is this America?
Cause I thought this was America.
martial arts/self defense/street fighting
Baseball scrimage tomorrow!!
That's the sort of season we're in for.
MT : Marlins up 62.
Padoctors were up 20.
Sweep by the Fish would doctorp Padoctors to 920.
all of them the whole franchise!!
When you wait for that one special person to text back , it feels like ages before you get a reply ...
I'll now be locating you on all social networking sites.
Prepare for an onslaught of poop jokes and stories of awkward encounters.
Watching NickSwardson : Seriously , Who Farted ?
It's funny as hell !!
I 3 you Nick !!
;D
Because all those people with sores and lesions and weakened immune systems are all faking it.
D:
I'll kick it off with my 1 favorite, especially for boys  GUINNESS BOOK OF WORLD RECORDS!!
Critiquing the head shots of audience members really brings home the way the body becomes a site of spectacle.
is nice to see that through all of this stuff going on, that youre still writting, you're way to good to stop xx
Oh Twitter how quickly you facilitate the aestheticization of the life and politics.
8th seed......are you kidding me selection committee?!
dude!
You are alive!
Sup with deleting your you tube vids?
You were my hero when I started.
LOL
is in love with the 3br double on East Long Street, calling to schedule a showing first thing tomorrow!!!
Spot on!
: Paul Simon said: You can run out your rules but you know you can't outrun the history train
SwampPeople oh yeah
Merry xmas from WILSON'S HOT TAMALES FAMILY
dont you feel accomplished?
Seriously leave 1D alone they never did anything to you so STFU
Well gonna start getting ready for dance practice
Man, at this point they should just turn 16  Pregnant to 6  Pregnant!
Opening Day.
Yep, the best time of the year is officially here.
I wish I could have waited until April Fools, but it would have been too obvious by then...I'm pregnant.
Like the page !
Justin Bieber, why are you so hot?
!
lol clearly I can't outwit Catherine.
I am going to find ur ass monday and beat your ass forreal this time.and you can tell your body gaurd carlos if justs in too ima beat hisass
yes..got to stay inside tonight!
Special treat;
American Idol tonight....
Still ain't the same without
Sec of State Kurt Browning  vivaflorida500 is a grassroots initiative.
doctor Francis  vivaflorida500 amazing opportunity for scholarship
My pleasure Bob!
Look forward to your tweets!
let's just say, I miss GT on a daily basis.
your pic is simply stunning...simply you : WHEN are you chasing your crazy dog around the yard again?
Dinner would have been nothing w/out the awesome brews to back it up!
Its going down a j durham
why the fuck is your name suke lansfield  ants havin another one this wknd in morrell
Need help with the new Timeline for your business?
I can help!
Contact me for more information!
good for u.
It will be Xmas before you know it
I want to be Lana Del Rey.
We're glad you came!
RT : Went to Otis's student reception.
I cant believe my doctoram is coming true!
alrighty.
hold on
it's crazy watching reruns  thinking how much you've all been through, always been amazing ABDC6
I heard dat shit sold out doe so I betta be gettin back stage passes haha
haha you make me laugh!
I love your tweets : hope you have a good night as well 3
who wants more followers???
RETWEET this and il give u a shoutout :D
do you have Instapaper?
I'm not a fan of how it does pagination.
Wish it just cloned flipboard's mechanic.
The Green Economy  Its Implementation in China now 10 off w/code HKBFEPP2011.
Only til Aug31 at www.enrichprofessorssional.com
Boom!
Flights booked, cant wait to be back on the grind, sup Costa??
Cloverfields on, :D
DE fans think Julie ships SE, and SE fans think she ships DE.
Lmao
On another note  I've never been so excited for a new month to begin.
Dear January 2012, you were great.
Anyone going to today's game?
Now we are under new management, and have opened our doors a second time.
Tracked a cover for yesterday at It's sounding real purrtyy.
Cats Shouldn't Even Eat Cheeseburgers  Rage Comics
Follow me for biggest stories on police brutality.
oh good i would never call you a whore!
i promise!
A feast of intellectual ideas.
Listening to Leonhardt and Romer analyze the US economy
Trying to do a story on winter cycling and don't have anyone to talk to?
Email and she will hook you up with an interview
During physical, doctor accidentally tickled me.
I laughed.
It was awkward.
Then he touched my crotch.
So that's my day so far.
Looking handsome in that bowtie there Nick!!!
Love You 3 Can't wait to see you and the rest of the Boyz on ABDC again
PickUpLine: I'm invisible.
Can you see me?
How about tomorrow night?
Hanging  psyched to hear about the value of the
as always, thanks for the RT!
You're slutty  you blow it.
I think authoring a book is a necessity for anyone who wants to position themselves as an expert in their field.
I thought that if you were going to make shit music and be successful, you had to at least be hot.
Skrillex proves that's evidently false.
Happy National Siblings Day!!!
Love you!
:
is the BEST, just look at him!!!!!
Really?
The dictator is going to be terrible.
Check out Lucas Pino's 9piece band, featuring Juilliard Jazz students and alumni  Local 269 on Wednesday Sept.
20th, 10pm  11pm!!
it is also a hipster beer now.
But yes hipsters are culture borrowers and took it from rednecks
Haha Bud Light Platinum
I feel good too!!
You may wanna keep your guy away from live mics.
You can't even handle the ball in warmups.
yehp thts why u love me :p
So much for rep'ing the sports nation RT How many minutes of Kansas v Kentucky did I watch.
ZERO.
I couldn't care less!
Twitter showing me some 
This will happen to you for the rest of your life...get used to it!!
A local teen is raising awareness about teen violence and singing in a national competition.
You can help her win!
!
I don't wish I know.
cards football will be awesome next year
fuck you fortune cookies!!!!
: though i think the impostor syndoctorme is widely experienced by passionate teachers.
Just yesterday said it doesn't feel like winter and today it's snowing for my hour commute.
Must learn when to shut the hell up.
I gotta watch.
Your wardoctorbe inspires me!
fosho, dude sound guilty tho and slow slow
new plan!
Tan while doing hw outside!:
hey thanks for the follow : have you checked out our facebook yet!?
you should hire he's a urban marketing guru.
Dude has 1500 followers off his name alone  WITHOUT even trying!
no problem enjoy your weekend !
Why is it after the breakup, the ex seems to be nicer than when you were with them?
: It was a great event!
Keep in touch!
Will do, looking forward to more.
Best of luck to you and your team!
Pittsburgh Tonight!
Join HCEF for An Education: True Stories of Unusual Lessons Learned at the Cabaret at Theatre square downtown.
why am i still up 
Happy Thanksgiving!
So I know what I'm doing for your bday.
And tell your mom happy mothers day from me.
Love you guys!
it's bloody cold today!!
Jeez what happened to the sunshine?
someone just unfollowed me...so I'm back down to 99 : let's make it 100 again?
I wanna give away a free shirt!
Funny to see tweet velocity wane when someone lands a project and then goes BAM when they're looking for another one...
Twitter is the most fascinating thing.
I'm really looking forward to this analysis.
convicted by ur spirit and by ur word
RT : What advice would you give to novice planners?
Maybe this is just me but I hate that March Madness ends in April..
oh the stories it could tell.
Ack!
Janet Jackson's Escapade was the last song I heard when leaving the gym.
Save me, Nina Simone!
I love that eye to eye connect where u feel it all over.
Phew!
hoooah!
You're gonna get wet.
:
: that nigga look like mistertI didn know they still had them around
we need a hint :
right?
Someone else tweeted me abt eating some right now and I want more, ha!
WTF is the point of XPS?
Do you watch Rachel Ray
.
And I try to be careful in this regard too.
I do realize the Big Red Dog needs fed.
But.
.
.
Second, you might not be so dismissive if you had heard piece we heard today.
Got some quality work done with and
WisACCA update: best sessionNegotiating Indemnification Clauses; most entertainingKnowing How Far to Go Celebrating Your Teams Success
I apologize for all the Federer retweets, but he's my idol
RT : I'll be tweeting at the SEO in Social Media event tonight
Thanks to for the followfriday love!
Looking for sponsors and recruiting engaging speakers now!
me if you want to speak!
Feels Lonely Not Texting Anybody .
Welcome new friends, thank you!
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in a million ways3
Thanks Amy!
Everyone go out and see my good friend at Claddah tonight, Polaris.
thank you!
Ick get this outta here
boy this has been an intense week, feels like more than only Wednesday
Life to short to be stressing about anything, live like there's no tomorrow!
No telling when the man upstairs calling you home..
The awkward moment when a little kid asks you to open something for them and you can't.
Favorite food??
1614 :
How do you love God and you did what you did and do what you do
The awkward moment when u see a cute baby  u don't know whether its a girl or a boy...
I can't wrap my mind around how Hellen Kellar gave speeches lol
electwomen if majority of American women gave 5, it wld put candidate in every Hse race and give her 1 mil.
So give
Let Afghan deal with him!!!
Rohrbachs now has a FULL grain silo and 3 new fermenters that are waiting to be installed!
Excited to be able to make more beer than ever!
i say i go back to vacation....
you're married...he owes US a beer now
A designer we've always admired is !
Make sure you follow her and check out her Facebook for design inspirations of your own!
Sarah, you are beautiful.
Please follow me back..and tweet me?: StayingStrong 3
i want all my old friends from alst year back
Have not yet been successful in setting up my new blackberry phone with twitter....
life is good!Good morn
Obama's personal history still doesn't matter to MSM in 2012, as in 2008, but Romney's does.
Seems MSM has  hasn't evolved!
Wonder if she miss it jus as much as I du
when your sister thinks your really gonna kill me..
lol
I bet justins dick is centimeters not inches haha ;
This is my commandbe strong  courageous!
Don't be afraid or discouraged.
For the LORD your God is with you wherever you go.
Joshua 1:9
What is GTD.
I'll tune in just to hear you say Brian's last name.
I always liked that.
.
I thought I'd hate the movie, but it was actually pretty good.
Eye candy was a nice bonus.
If I am working with the bitch today I SWEAR TO GOD some one is gonna get their ass kicked .
All I want for Christmas is a gold chain.
The Atlanta Hawks just DON'T THINK the game of basketball.
smh.
r u saying that you think duke or unlv still have a shot at him?
UK is the best business move.
Lol
Why can everyone else say what they want and what they feel but the moment I do people make a huge deal about it like wtf 
having second thoughts about racing .
Beans  Rice typa girl is what I need
Did you happen to get it on film?
On my way to Lowell MA to perform at doctorGertrude Bailey School !
:
balanced picture of the central city?
what does that look like?
Barrera: It's time to get serious about solving our budget crisis and not in this way
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
I will post the link to my music shortly.
first day of work in the office, except it's not an office.
It's a space aged art studio loft.
SO COOL.
AND I CAN SEE NATURAL LIGHT
I do kinda wish I was back home jus so I can hear Mikalya squeaky voice say its gon be ok DeVann
Love is never going to be 100 logical, so if you only know how to approach life with logic, you'll never know how to love someone.
We had a great time at the show!
Thanks so much to everyone who stopped by our booth....now back to The Burgh!
oops...for
Catch  Release: reminds retiring leaders not to overreach the 40something generation of folklorists when retiring
Its an Audoctory Hepburn BREAKFAST IN TIFFANYS  Martini kind of night.
Ima be late if I dont get out of bed now !!
She had a kid Vin!
The gift card bonus continues in 2011!
yeah and nopee
Cayla....
Guess What?
haha which is exactly why I am applying everywhere but here :
i love you :D
what about them doing a concert here ?
o.o
Its been a really long time since I've had such a long social media rant.
Done is better than perfect
And yes, I meant sock.
story is about travel screening, Not meant to point out specific company.
Apologies if it came across that way.
Those EYES!!!
:D
See?
It's all perfectly normal.
Love to...where will I find it
If you have a policy of only doing your original work, i certainly do understand  respect your position; just say yes/no
Had me fucked up from GO!
Looking like I will not be seeing an NBA championship parade in Dallas this summer
Jim Rohn  Time is more valuable than money.
You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
RT Having a good memory doesn't make you petty.
// Exactly.
ipad  The level of portable computing that I want/need.
RT : packernation.
Time to support.
DONALD AND PETA..
get to voting
Lmfao , What was he sleeping naked for ?
Taking Tuesday off is like taking Saturday off, only I'm the only one at home!
by the way what's ur p.o.
box?
I'm going to send u something soon :
watching YuGiOh!
and no i dont have the cards but i have played before
Training five creative directors today.
Will they accept language as their medium for a few hours?
Amy almost took a stage dive.
Well done, Well done.
Peacock colors of emerald green, royal purple, and deep sapphire; silks layered with satin, glitzy lame, and lacedelicious!
A visual feast!
Experts Agree!
Our rhetoric is better than our policies!
Congrats to the propagandists among us!
SchoolMemories learning a new way to cheat everyday
HARVARD SQ: our flavors are Salted Caramel and Strawberry Shortcake!
i love your songs.
they really inspire me
Read more on Cleckner at pennlive.com
Good to see you too!
I think heading back was a smart move.
So I'm sitting on the N train next 2 this Gianni Italiano dude and he pulls out his electric razor and proceeds to shave right there!
LMAO!
Nevadans have been betting on sports online for many years thru Stations.
It's crazy how far away from doing the same w/ poker we still are.
Damn I didnt keep ANY of my old work from this year hahahah
can u sent me link with implants description?
awesome!
we're stoked we're in the outer sunset too.
Shaping up to be a great event.
Kelly is doing a fantastic job organizing  can't imagine how difficult it is .
In celebration of Follow Friday FF, we suggest following and
Aight I'm going to bed ...
Rush Limbaugh talking about foreigners visiting US hospitals, universities, and theme parks  you know, stuff Americans can't afford.
Pretty sure I'm seeing God right now.
Oh wait it's EMA.
open a support ticket?
Best line from customers today....Firefly Cupcakesoften immitated...NEVER duplicated!
Thanks WE LOVE that!
I want to watch REC but I can't handle it being in Spanish.
Even the trailer has Spanish music and I am ready to kill myself
Pathos with a punch
Wondering why it is so hard for people to be nice.
Although, I pray I NEVER understand it!!!
Pure Waste Of A Saturday!
I can custom order that for you...hang it up next to one of your Olly Moss joints!
I was working on a screenplay starring JLo and Cameron Diaz that would have relied heavily on their imisterov skills.
I just set it on fire.
That would really balance the east out.
Or Bron to the Bulls.
RT Stoudmire and Lebron!
With the Knicks!
I just hate city so much.
Like I woulda rather anyone else but city win.
Thanks for sharing Jeff!
Tune in, and go with the
doctorving the wife's Merc today.
I am so missing my
as soon as i'd get up there the electricity would come back on
What can we saw, we love ya Tech, can't get enough of your ill rhymes and your mind blowing metaphors
oh I will
100 I'm buying a hot pink doctorver
Oh my God.
That shot was incredible.
Heading to San Jose with tomorrow for our first shoot in sunny California.
Just a day trip, so no swim suits being packed this time.
Capps: As easy as 1, gulp, 2, gulp, 3.
I can't wait to see in Knoxville next month.
soexcited TNboy cutie 
I could lay in my bed and watch Friends for the rest of my life
I'm amazed they found a team that wanted Quintero and Bourgeois.
incollege Class is cancelled for today Wow, that was a waste of gas !!
With the cop that looks like Channing Tatum!:
MUSIC  MOVIES
Very excited!
Just got tix for the first night of 's Riddled at on 6/1.
Give us any rule, we'll break it.
patron: do you have any other books by this author?.
Me internally: no.
go read some Austen.
our days are twins.
except swap golf for basketball.
Due to this cleanse my weekend will be dedicated to GTLinggggg
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk.
Happy Holi day to all my friends
Time to go to the lab, write the introduction to my diss, and finish watching Elite Squad 2.
All in a day's work.
blistered feet, freckled face, tired eyes,  a happy heart.
You lost by 600 votes?
That's a tragedy.
Good luck with the votes this time.
I no that right
Heading to wash some clothes...actually wanna sleep a lil longer...
NP Why Am I So Sprung
Nothing like a good bowl of applejacks to start the morning.
Why do I do these plays again??
Is it 3 pm yet?
I never get off Sunday
Returning to the set today to film a big scene!
For all of us this is our last day of filming.
Day 32 of 32.
In a writting mood.
really?
Such a thing really exist?!
Where????
he just legit asked me if I was a vampire....wtf??
Retweet if you'll support Austin until the very end!!
3
Congratulations to LaMont J.
for his first performance as a solo artists!
We are so proud of you
Gorgeous day in Carrboro, just saw a lovely little set by Stu from Allie met him and she's so happy.
Hunger  higher rates of disease  reduced work  school attendance  reduced ability to overcome hunger
I'm writing an essay about that bullshit.
.
when your texting and your phone sends it before your done crap berry
it's totally worth figuring out a way to walk around that thing.
Congrats to and the rest of the St.
Mary's Cardinals!
If you have a child, cussing every other word is probably not smart
R.I.P.
Aaliyah
that's a lie I just left not said peace
I just wanna wear fricken shorts
If you'd be interested in my moderately conservative views, esp on int'l affairs, Israel  Mideast, please follow
I need a Ham radio!
touch.
I hope they stop that doctor!
happy to hear it  cappuccinos when things calm down?
RT : MothersDay has been celebrated on the 2nd Sunday in May since 1914
Dontari Poe is the second player from Memphis that the Chiefs have doctorfted in the 1st round.
The other was Jerome Woods in '96
Awww thanks guys!
:
Can't wait for Shameless and TheWalkingDead tonight!
Carson City and Harrisburg!
Nailed it : 
Me too // RT Jesus Christ.
I have more pocket knives than pairs of heels.
I thought I was the spice of your life.
Or Rosie.
I spent 100 last night, and all i have to show for it is a hangover...
Cue all the morons on the planet.
Baseball is slow  boring.
Idjuts.
RT : : How could anyone not love this game?
my bad sorry
RT : 18 years ago today grunge legend Kurt Cobain died.
Learn more at 's Nirvava: Taking Punk to the Masses
Watch Gary MayoralElect Karen Freeman at Noon on Perspective
Birds of a feather do all sorts of things together.
Looking forward to Portland Business Journal Growth Expo next week.
it's so weird watching howimetyourmother knowing that neil patrick harris is
Nothing brings out some guys' sudden interest in women's rights and safety quite the way prostitution and sex work do, huh amazing
For their 100th Annv.
Girl Scouts reveal a new cookie, 'Savannah Smiles'...
it looks like a powdered lemon cookie...
Samoas are still my fav
yes.
but new and old avenues both.
a story is a story.
a voice a voice.
a grandchild's love surpasses technology and just uses it.
I just might have thrown another doctorss into the guestofawedding styledilemma mix.
What to do?
The avengers.
Like everyone else in America tonight.
Voice of the Poor MonthI am a senior citizen living on social security income, medicare and 17 worth of Food stamps per month.
I am Gayle, in the Comm office at SVA.
I met with Grace a few weeks ago and need to talk to her about a press request.
Sigh...I know, right?
thanks for following.
following you back.
hopefully will get me into dc groove.
lol
it's a talent i can already do ; i think it's a trait i earned from my father.
lol.
shade of red changed, icons changed, some other tweaks
Thank you for joining Twitter!
I look forward to your personal tweets!
p.s.
Dignity and class  you make our country proud
Geesh its raining hard!!
Worst 3 hours of my life.
So people can marry their cousins but not people of the same gender...?
I watch all of the House Hunters shows...it amazes me the people who look for 2nd homes or vacation homes with an 800,000 budget!!
Income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf.
Will Rogers...Learn more about your tax options www.1040easyonlline
Canoeing Victorious Oliver earns promotion
Tacos Bell sounds so good!
We have four units up for auction tomorrow at 11am!
Call us at 7574263212 for details.
What about 400?
wudz up wit u
shiatttt cars gonna be quick so hell yeahh some real time flossing
Let's all not forget what happened in Columbine 13 years ago today.
Live life to the fullest and remember those taken away that day.
Ugh, Facebook is so D2M.
I need a loyal Pretty Committee; is that too much to ask?
Gawd, they're all LBRs.
I artebded a Fargo seminar yesterday.
They outlined a new product for creative financing.
Celebrating Earth Day!
Employees are picking up trash, donating clothes to  planting flowers!
are u their pimp???
Got them dancin making u some dinero!!
LOL
Perfect!
Only vacancy I had that whole week!
I got it locked in...
Protected tweets.
Thanks!
We had fun and Scott  Nicoleta are a great couple!
Talking a walk with nicole :
Truly stunned at the picture quality on ROH.
720p?
It's like they realized it's 2012.
I wanna be Austin's and Alex's friend that they can go to for girl advice:
Whatever you say about Norv, he has guts.
Onside kick works.
Not necessarily.
But you do realize that while insulting me you're providing me with entertainment?
BestSupportingActress goes to...
GYRO FRY PEPSI
Thanks for following!
: I'm feeling the love!
Just did an interview from NCSL with Austins NPR station about federal issues facing states.
You lose your right to having an opinion when you enter management Cy Wakeman
who won?
Lol
Online college education is gaining bulk popularity.
Become a part of the student fraternity enrolled here and check out the benefits
And possibly might hang with y'all again next Sunday in Indy.
:
I would cite Allison's list in my argument too.
What is something you have that is of sentimental value?
Anyone planning been storifying as we go?
If not I will do it later today
I will pray for any requests that are sent in today.
God has breakthrough you today!
The only thing WORSE than hearing, I'm Pregnant is Hey man listen to this joke, and if u like it, you should totally try it in your act
at least on conference calls people cant see you rolling your eyes and making blabber faces with your hands...
1 in 2500 people has CharcotMarieTooth, a genetic disorder that weakens the peripheral muscles.
Celebrate
Which is just as accurate.
It was a pleasure talking with the African Youth League tonight about how we can fight hunger together.
That's 2.5 minutes to consume a Krispy Kreme doughnut.
Not bad, mister Stiff!
We're impressed.
:
College students did you know your ticket to Men of Steel is only 9 with your ID?
midwesttix.com
i definitely will.
Lets get together sometime this week.
Maybe go out to dinner or something :
I would say it the news departments of the music stations as your market is young hip adults.
You just hitting up LA?
's rendition of The Circle of Life is better than the original.
mybestfriendisbetterthanyours ØÞ
Why get into a relationship during.
Summer?
Lol hell nah teamsingle :
Yay Patrick Is My Twin.!: 3333333
WHY are they so stylish..is it cuz everything is MADE there first soo they have the first LOOK?????
Holy shit!
I want to do that.....unless it involves burpees.
CARNAGE ROAD is on Kindle and Nook, TPB soon.
THE FRENZY WAR in a few weeks.
TORTURED SPIRITS Oct.
1.
Then 2 more films  SNOW SHARK DVD.
I'm a carrot ninja on big shirt Sunday
Best blown layup ive seen in a while RT : Artest just short armed a break away layup!
If Santorum suspended himself does that mean cannot participate in any political activity?
Please say it's so.
David  girl what you doin, baby here tonight, you cant be single...
I'm not, I'm married David  ....
I dig it!
Love the robot sticker.
Looking good,
There's a storm comin moma.
HOLLLLAAAA and are engaged !!!!!!
Love y'all : so happy for you two love birds ;
: Stunning brilliant paper today by John Barclay on Paul's theology of gift...
u only get a lil slack lol txt me!
Thanks for supporting affordable housing in the District budget.
aw yeah!!
aha yeah:
Hey guys!
Kendoctorck Perkins should be suspended 3 games for getting dunked on like that!
the way she cuts her eye  him
omg and one?
And vice versa for that matter...
If Westbrook doesn't stop taking more shots than Durant they will never win a title
its so amazing omg
I do find it fun, what can I say?
:
From : In the end though, you have to shine.
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Leon Joseph Suenens
how much u charging
You know, just enjoying my Dirt Road Anthem while doing work on a warm night..then Ludacris has a solo.
holdup no thanks.
i'll poop on your car
Haha!
RT : I think we need to redefine awesome...
NOTawesome SIDENOTE: just googled awesome.
Causing awe or terror
I absolutely love it!
Haha you've got my attitude perfectly!
Lol A :D
I would love to watch a few more bowl games, 42 were not enough
In the studio today working on some new music for you guys!
Sometimes it takes me seeing somone else's hardship.
Before I can recognize how God has blessed my life.
yup, it's coming along.
I may need a new battery or alternator!
I should be able to finish the body work by november.
After reading that article, all I keep thinking is: poor donkey!
We didn't lose da game we just ran out of time
You saved me.
Happy Groundhog day, new music world.
Dodgers get the win and sweep the Nationals.
That is the 3rd sweep of the season for the Dodgers final score: 20
Three to fours days to do five days worth of work this week, no sweat!!!!
we love u guys..
That would be my answer too.
You can't put Delmon anywhere.
Also I think there are limits to the size of paperbacks.
Perhaps has an opinion?
HappyMothersDay ladies and to the gentlemen it applies to..
FT50 kicked my ASS!
I am off from running till my IT Band recovers.
This is very SAD, but I assure you...
I will be back stronger than ever.
this is so corny :
my son's 3 1/2, nursed for a LONG time, still sleeps with me.
He's incredibly SMART, independent and happy!
Thanks for sharing!
I'm laughing too hard to even justify a response.
Have a swell day.
Thanks for reaching out!
It's so fun to tweet on line eating a late lunch.
Clearly I'm playing Ana, but that's I know so far :
hi twitter world.
Hope your 2012 year is starting off Productive  with no worries
damn i have so many followers on there
It was a shoot out AND high octane.
Very intense.
So glad they won.
In Snow's map the people are invisible by name, but rpresnt deep ethnographic research by Snow  a priest who knew the fams.
RT : SVESMC we all think we are 2x as smart as our boss, I'm 2x as smart as you
yes we need to talk.
I am now national sales mgr for Chocbite and am working on starting ecommerce...
vocab.
looks fade
yea saturday.
Moyer's pitch speed matches his age, doesn't it?
Watching Sherrif Babeu's press conf.
Never seen this many Repubs refer to sexuality as irrelevant.
Why isn't this on FOX NEWS, I wonder??
You're secret love affair
You're doing a great job of avoiding the Individual sovereignty characterization that YOU retweeted.
Just woke up.
Going to bed now.
Don't wake me up unless the place is on fire.
Over and out.
Z.
I'm going green by recycling exboyfriends.
Your welcome.
I just want to retweet all of these they're so accurate
Industry Nights,where artist play, party, network Les Deux,Opera Crimson,Kress.Artist free all night on list.
Daddy day at the zoo!
HAHAHAHAHAHA left babies al!
So long Hong Chi Kuo  guess you're still broken.
Best of luck picking up the pieces.
!!!
10 pages but I have to print that out.
BTW why do they remind me of my....
Anyhoo DANKE!!!
Hahaha.
woman get outta my neck of woods lol, duck pond was legit back in day....
Does Mel Gibson die, like, ever?
I'm VERY proud of you!
Great rehearsal of your solo!
Wow.
Had a great time performing jazz w/ Charles Crosman on guitar  Maryhill Winery in the Gorge over looking the Columbia River Sunday.
do you think some of the players are getting fustrated with Quade unneccesarily?
he seems like a cubs guy, no?
RT: That horrible moment when you take a sip of orange juice after brushing your teeth.
Cuddled up with yourself 
There isn't a specific best time Kedoctoran.
Know, the dead periods  times they cannot respond.
But be proactive  reach out.
More and more Seattle families are throwing away their plates and silverware after every meal rather than wash them.
Is this a good thing?
Adidas athletes doctorpping hard like my rhymes!
Watch out for my mixtape RigSoHard!
Kinda loving the Claude Giroux song.
A lot.
GIROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUXXXXXXXXXXX
Nothing worse than a woman who doesn't take care of her feet.
well, you'll have it in LTE iPhone :
Thank you!!!
I board the media shuttle in Portland and the doctorver ask me What is going on, is this college stuff?
We got Bitches by OF is the hardest song ever made.
Yup
Selfcontrol is a better indicator of marital bliss than empathy more important for leadership than charisma
no not always sometimes I'm tired but not hungry..
hahaha
Hey, that's us!
Thanks again for your feedback and time today.
Have a great visit in CA!
You really are.
Things that can happen when you treat a place like a library as a home away from the home.
At least it is packaged.
V much time when officials  friends can use major helpbut not easy 2 ask as they are in throws of responding, fog of disaster
Wood g is boring me now
Police: High school burglary suspects stole office supplies
2 heads are better inny day
Dang that sounds good!
RT : CoffeeBerger Cookie Milkshake?
DON'T MIND IF I DO!
Come get one  the B, open until 8!
yup.
Born and raised with a few moves away and a few moves back.
You inspire me.
Got my ps3 back, come  me with Skullgirls dawg
oooooopsies!!!!
JETS JETS JETS JETS!
Why cant things be different?
Whens it my turn for tru love and happiness??
Love that a full band can take the volume down this low...
And still lower...
Yeah
haha I thought you were saying almost 420 haha
metoo RT I don't always see it but I've been really blessed in my life
direct message us.
I'll hook u up now
Cold as shit outside!
Moving practice to the basement.
I decided for Halloween I'm going to be a Grad Student freaking out about beginning to write their thesis.
THAT DOESN'T COUNT.
You're not Scooter Braun or JB.
Good morning, hope all of my lovely followers have a great day!
yup they are coming soon
congrats on winning the DAYTONA500.
Wished I could have saw it.
Couldn't stay awake.
Whoa.
8 people just broke up on Facebook.
haha, knew you'd like that one
Because when I lost you I lost myself3
going to New Orleans Seafood and Hamburger.
Need me to save you a seat?
Question: How Does make money?
observation 3.
transvestive in little tokyo corners me with dance moves while smoking a cigarette, singing about the kind of man he wants.
you're doing it wrong: take the new one and reapply your smaller changes over it
: Words of Wisdom....
Haters will BROADCAST your FAILURES, but whisper your success.
LOL I love this!!, I have lots
Damn i gotta fuckin headache and my back hurts...
hopefully it goes away before i go to work
Find a guy who turns to his friends and says,that's her
Marianne, Thx so much for featuring my review of TESTAMENT OF JUDITH BARTON.
Susan
If you're giving a pet away, it just doesn't seem right to charge a rehoming fee.
Call it what it is: selling.
Thank you good brother!
Help me get out the vote GOTV, by reminding others to return those ballots for Team AlphaAction.
06!
beat the heat with frankie's cool WHITE SANGRIA.
2 for 1 tonight from 58 pm.
well hey cameron.
i miss you.
woof; haha
come and watch them with mee
ogres in the morning, ogres in the evening, ogres at supper time...
Good Luck!
:
Nice!!
Awesome job :
life in the spirit world; reincarnation; prebirth memories; neardeath experiences; ET's; karma; psychicspiritual gifts;ufo's in the bible
come to spicy's!
oh I didn't know that!
Youth night was crazy good!!!!!!!
I luv all my people!
getting back to django  playing with template technology for an upcoming project.
Spilled the beans to other friends that I'm on Twitter.
Might have to go public.
For now, having veg burger and prepping for crit group.
If you haven't picked up a copy of new album yet...do it!
Lumos Networks gets into the colocation/data center game
I think the best part is you tweeted your support.
No dis 2 .
U look great, do ya thing.
But wht does a halfnakd picture of a woman have to do with hiphop?
Another great artist I found
'learnt and forgot' problem for me is really kinda eggache.
Oh wow, I just found out students might be able to use their ID cards to pay for copies someday.
It's ridiculous how happy that makes me.
No regret just love
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Don't like the direction this is going.
RT DO IT!
We can do a lot with 100,000!
We found him.
My foot effin hurts !!
She's too cute !!
In addition to the design panel discussion we should also attend a class in editing.
You know, 140 characters is hard when we're so psyched!
lavar had a good career...as a judge on the ESPN reality show that picked a broadcaster 68 years ago.
Aikman
Arrived in Rockland, Maine!
Playing Saturday  Sunday at the North Atlantic BluesFestival w/ cantwait woohoooooooo!
Meet the inner man not the outer layer.
Pray that good shows you the heart so we can help each other.
he who walks with wise men will be wise, but the companion of fools will suffer harm
ah adding pen shopping to my weekend todo list.
Also, wish we could do a.m.
workouts always...
That's cool :
Lot's of energy in the gym here.
Both teams picking it up and crowd more into the game now.
Homemade biscuits.
That's just how I roll..
YOU.
you were in Boston exactly 1 year ago.
getting ready to go on at the TD Garden in an hour.
you need to come back /3
Going to see Smile Empty Soul at on May 7.
Hope they play a bunch of songs from the debut album.
So freaking sick!
Women got it easy.
All they gotta do is marry a rich man and they're set.
Ain't easy for me.Not many women get rich working from the kitchen
Bynum finally coming into his own this season for the Lakers.
He'll be the reason they do or don't win a championship this year.
Not Kobe.
Shower then doing this math paper 
Free Business Cards  www.Rushflyerprinting.com
i Feel so special..
!
soon ill be the mister.
!
, Waiting on my heart
Forget the Magic Kingdom.
Real magic is Chicago seen from the air on a clear St Patrick's Day evening.
It's the Emerald City.
I don't ask for forgiveness from anyone.
I realize my own mistakes and forgive myself.
I'm my own person.
RT : Fun Y Fact: Did U know basketball was invented at the YMCA?
if my math is right he's in year 1 of a 10 year contract at the age of 32.
Wow!!
This is the first time in about a week and a half that i can say i dont have a test tom!!!
got home from Washington yesterday didn't sleep until 6 AM because I doctornk four monsters that day...
DammitDiana blaming u
Me too!
I found out about it from heatherknitz blog  I just HAD to get involved!
I love meeting new people!
good luck on the street single!!
Just found out my Mum discovered how to follow me on Twitter before she learned how to use the maximize button in Windows
Luke has got some good stuff.
Heck, it's all good.
what kind of specail treats will you be offering for Valentines Day?
no way it is better than JD's!!
we're so proud of our boys !
the entire twitter news feed is full of TheWantedOnIdol !
this is amazing!
gcyale : Big problem with private censorship is the CYA mentality making them overzealous.
everytime i see 21 i think of you:
Writing my acknowledgements for The Plum Tree and crying my eyes out.
Geez, I'm such a sap!!!
thx Murp!
Need to teach this old dog some new tricks!
yeaahh it got boring
THAT is a GREAT idea.
Say it again, and louder, and to the right person.
Maybe it'll happen.
DJ MSquared  DJ Yonny, brought it so far!
Shout out to amazingly talented actor and friend....WW hit him up!
you must be very busy, ttyl :
u know, the ones they have the Cosmo Kramers of the world sit in so they dont look like fools for having empty seats up front..
Lord, if you get me through this next week with my GPA intact, I promise that I'll be good.
kthxbai
me blueaesthetics com
thanks a lot: our first EP will be coming out really son!
That awkward moment when someone goes into a coughing fit and you just sit there looking at them, not knowing what to say.
Much better.
Start your year right!
Women with Moxie Portland Mixer is the first Tuesday in January 6pm.
Lovin' the sonic textures.
Maybe we should a show in Atlanta soon?
Good night, we'll talk tomorrow.
commerce that is integrated, personalized, secure, open, and smart according to First Data
His Biq John ;Gott My eye :
Making music for ears not eyes..Congrats Adele!!
Johnny Cueto  Ace.
What happens stays at VivaLasVegas !

the crew are at the FishingExpo giving out free doctornks for here until 6!
Grab yours if you're there!
Chris Meloni has returned to HBO.
Oz was the first series that made an HBO subscription a lifestyle choice.
Prepare to be attacked by the people who wonder where Bo's committment to UWMilwaukee was.
No one has meant more to turnaround or deserves to play in NCAA tourney more than VJIII.
So sad and unfair.
Thanks for viewing...we have upgraded since then stay tuned!
RT : I JUST CHECKED OUT YOUR YOUTUBE...
GOOD JOB
Thank you mahomies who tried helping me get a Happy Birthday from and it meant a lot 3
I have one penis hole but two streams of piss come out....
follow back
I can do all the things your girl can't do ;
Sure.
And your dead dog ?
Thank you so much for the FF Best of Vegas women shout out ...
totally honored!
whatnottowear black and brown if it you dont know how to match it
Yes.
You can represent anything you believe in with humble faith.
We choose to represent equal life opportunities for pets.
Hello World??!!
Everyone having a good day so far ?
Oh.
That's it?
Oil?
How dare you!
I only cook with butter.
your bush freaks me out
Hi Lupe!
Name is Lizzie.
I'm thirteen  love to sing  dance.Started following you cause Twitter suggested itHope thats ok
A doctornk doctorver is very dangerous.
So is a doctornk backseat doctorver if he's persuasive  Demetri Martin
experimenting with RedHat's OpenShift for some of our miniapps, aside from an annoying documentation reader for the user guide, I like it
Remember your resolutions?
You probably need them now as much as you did in January.
It's a good time to revisit  revise them.
lmfao, hey babe ;
hahaha.
It was my attempt at a sugar rush during a call that went horrible awry
Most of my twitter followers don't exist...
I push myself so hard because you said I couldn't do it, that I wasn't good enough...
so for that
can i come over?
Text me at 414.335.9569 to ask about getting a Free Birthday Party Friday package for you or a friend!
I need money so I can order an Austin Mahone shirt and bracelet.
:P3
hell i just want a mood stabilizer for my boss and I'd be happy.
Love is being stupid together.
Paul Valery
seriously old man favre you are the most indecisive person on this planet and if you are going to retire JUST DO IT.
vikings can suck it.
I am trying to buy a sony blu ray player
Had fun with the launch of last night's new show Tech in Twenty Bytes.
We want you to Byte Back!
Send us your rant at 4154Tech20
Still enjoying that FIU win.
What a symbolic moment.
FIU on the rise, Mario wins his title in 4 years.
Miami on the decine, Randy fired.
And when the talk turns to politics it's time to leave.
We haven't played an All Ages show in awhile..
Guess what..
Tomorrow we are at Beat Kitchen in Chicago with See ya there!!
Thanks brother!
Hopefully it works out!
My defenses were so great.
The cocky rock and roll hero who knows all the answers was actually a terrified guy who didn't know h
That's awesome!
Shows how much education means to her!
theres nothing to do
is that dude.
I'm just trying to be like him.
Happy Birthday to our very own !
You can be sure that we are celebrating with a sweet treat!
Sorry about the ala11 technical problems  frustrating for us, too.
We did offer test sessions with presenters ahead of time.
Two hours until showtime, Milwaukee!
Are you ready to beatit?
Bradley Center, NE entrance, 6:30.
also, in the tasting room you used to have all these signs about how you'd never export b/c pasteurizing sucks.
what changed?
First day of shooting the doctormatic short Mirage in the desert today.
How do you do that?
Couldn't find instructions quickly.
and it's Abercrombie who knows how expensive it was sorry julian
where at?
I am a belieber and all but personally I don't think it's fair that the contest is only open to Canadians.
I
feminismLIS yes but we need to also make it louder to others tooso much needs to be done w many groups
You do mean the airline, right?
RT : A6 Virgins
Camel Toes  Not Sexy
I'm such a white girl.
:
why are you so red?!
Lol!
Sunburn?
missing college today...wish I were on a derbydays mission this morning
Love you :
likemind is this Friday...
in Chicago, it's at Argo Tea, Adams and Dearborn  8 am!
and i have a gift certificate.
Big food day here today.
The is outside and is giving away free cupcakes.
Georgetown ftw!
Todays Craig Co.
Civil War Scanning Event time is changed to 1  5:00 //craigcountyva.gov/2012/civilwarscanningeventtimechangedto15
me and CJ just made eye contact.
Hannah:o eye contact.
BITCH.
I didn't know that being nice was a crime.
I apologize....
OMG that's a Klien
Bored at home .
going for the sixth mil kickstarter?
Are you okay?
Dx
Forward Calendar  US corporate bond new issues  Reuters
Kidnapped aid worker found dead
We're training three new doctorvers right now!
In two weeks or so we will have almost 20 doctorvers working hard to take you around town!
I won't and good morning to you too, but goodnight!
I just finished my hw and I'm off to bed.
no customer should be subjected to an attitude like that, I don't care if you doctorve in with 4 flat tires
over here got me eatin cereal with a damn Fork smh
Huge UGG sale  www.allsportsshopping.com come visit us ,,, Sports Apparel, Nike, ACG, Jordans, Casual Clothing.
Just got approval on a VERY exciting sponsorship for one of our clients!
Type zerg rush into Google and see what happens.
everyblackneighborhood got the crackhead everybody know
Good surf this morning  Pacific Beach : 23 ft  knee to chest high occ.
4 ft.
Rehearsal, then gearing up for the show at Canal St.
tavern Thursday.
What were you thinking of doing?
Molly Malone's?
I know ...
it'll be insane, but I am mentally prepared if I go.
Something for me to look forward to in May 2011!
Someone said she got a 5year gift maybe in '08 but none for me in '01.
Can't wait for 's new music: It's going to be amazing...
I just know it33
We gettin white boi wasted SO Get ready for friday smitch!!!
G is missing some big features but overall very slick.
Feels intimate like FB once did.
Come home from school, plop on the couch, and watch some NASCAR now :
Police spokesman Joel DeSpain says its almost impossible to estimate crowd at Capitol.
Police will no longer give crowd estimates.
I've been missing from Twitter lately.
Finding it less useful lately as a tool  a resource.
Need to retool how I use it, if at all.
You changed your handle!
How's the new life down in Cali treating you?
Track meet in a hour
Creating a branded identity for a Lacrosse team; got to instill mental fear into the competitors mind.
Hang a little board, do a little dance get down to life.
Hang a little board, lay a little tile, get down to life.
Hang a little board.
Lol
Fina get this hoop session going in a Lil bit.
Hope des dudes don't be on no weak shit.
I came to ball
should hook it up wit those other maps for black ops?
haha
Hey moms dads!
Its MommyMonday!
Follow  RT 2 Win healthy products 4 your family!
Hey Looking forward to seeing you guys at TwestivalSEA !
you're welcome!
GenX party at the Spacehog concert
I suppose that is going to be the big question.
great time at
: Cansancio!
rest bro!
Dirty Bieber Secrets , omg Mission Abort, CODE PURPLE.
Last day to use the code: BOO for 15 off on any shirt!
Spread the Miscommunication!
and stay Tuned!
The TV.
for now.
fridayreads 'Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter' by Simone De Beauvoir.
I was lured by her personal story after reading 'the Second Sex.'
So Shawn Mad At Me For Telling Him How He,Be Treating His Lil Girls He Fuck With Smfh
Dont you just love it when someone gives you the WRONG directions!
Lovely!
that sounds amazing!
we have over a foot of snow and it is suppose to keep going until thursday at 8pm but, it's fun in 4x4!!!
no I don't think so.
I'll look for you tho
milwaukee Need casing around a radius' window?
Let us show you ULTRA FLEX.
A very affordable way to add casing in this application!
Wow Folks sure can hack anything someone hacked my Twitter Account so if you received any Tweets from me it was an Imposter...
Shoutout to all of our fans.
We love you guys!
Thanks for all of your support throughout our writing process.
Just finished reading your piece on Eastern WA wine country.
Good one!
mcnabb to the vvikings?
favre to the eagles, what is with this journeyman qb carosel?
Look Phil, 6 more weeks or not, I am cold right now!
Hard work and compasion, the feeling of stardom is in my heart
yay!
Glad you went.
Remember to let us know  howwasit?
//
This guy...married.
Partying like he is single....getting numbers....dancing crazy...etc.
but tells my cuz and I how much he loves his wife
man he say he aint riding cuz Malcom in the hospital so what yall trying to do ill just kick it wit either
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
great day and even better celebration!!!
Just finished my bracket, UW vs Gonzaga in the Championship Game!
It is going to be amazing.
I should throw some money down!
It's so long since I enjoyed a good gingerbread cookie.
Your house is wonderful!
Love the little people.
No, love the pops!
and you know where you are?
Your in the jungle baby
At school :
Annie, Get Your Gun.
Peggy Cummins  John Dall shoot it out as Annie  Bart in GUN CRAZY.
Bullets fly 8pET on
It's the final count down!
Come on in to the Turtle tomorrow with some friends and be the first to join our mugclub !!
11am door opening!
yes, I love to visit NYC.
Just pretty sure I'd never want to live there.
Thanks for the tweet and you're not alone
sure but the youth don't feel it applies to them, how can we show it does?
Hello how are you?
follow me
authentic cheetah print shit ...
On my way to Buffalo, NY!
Bye DC I shall return :
Did you all see Google's happy mother's day?
Thanks to their graphic designers.
Back from intermission
I get a discount at the bug jar  I still don't go.
share all you can and hopefully they will use it when they become a teacher
let me know if you need a hand on any of these new accounts
Oh my goodness!
HappyBirthdayMadison trend already!!
I have faded much within the last couple months it's crazy
VIRGO LAIR STUDIO E.S.A.
ENT.
WILL BE BACK IN THE NATI WITH IN A MONTH STAY TUNED!!!!
fuck cable man..
everytime I try to check out, my order for one bottle of machine polish 2 jumps up to 8.
Not that it's a bad thing.
I have such a pretty sister!
ATT UVerse down at home; up with public library wifi
we have the best chicken caesar salad.
come in and try it and receive 1.00 off
ya he was...I went to the cheetah girls concert and his gf stopped the show because we were distracting him from
See for yourself.
Every week there are over 800 people in this spot.
Wow!
Celebrities always come through.
Happy Pi day everyone!!!
This is the one day of the year when you actually have an excuse to eat nothing but pies all day!
cynsearly seeking lucidity
My running patients, who need orthotics, are treated with orthotics designed by the late great biomechanical pioneer, doctor Sheldon Langer.
Remodeling your home?
Give us a call for a quick and accurate estimate.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Chris 3792763
link doesn't work
I just followed a lot of funny people, this is 100 better than Facebook.
There are actually funny people out there!
What?
Also have chips and dip and sausage apps.
Yum yum!
Now I should probably get doctorssed and out the door.
Why am I still tweeting?
Eva Paterson and Tim Wise have started their fighting for justice panel.
IT.
IS.
PACKED
Patio opens !!!
you may be correct sir I didnt count the ones on the outside of the house
so bored.
i need something to do.
Ok so Ibeza off the properwit  the bad ass real proper yeeeeeesssss
why did he block you?
Cleveland missed me so much they gave up 4 picks just to get my replacement.
I'm also looking forward to another exciting year on the SAFE Board with We're going to continue to push for reforms.
When I say I don't like the paint, why retort w/, You have to get used to it?
Why?
Am I suddenly going to develop bad taste?
on Backstory  inspiring realdeal Wish I would hear more CountryMusic like this
We are compiling a list of the best movies that deal with Autism!
What are your favorites?
Dear Lord baby Jesus, lyin' there in your ghost manger, just lookin' at your Baby Einstein developmental videos.
Happy Birthday!
say it ain't so Glenn.
Gotta love Beavis  Butthead.
On another note, had the hall vs Franklin JV tonight.
Hall 280 W
Cant wait to go back to school
Fake ass faggot
Yes...it was my Twitter account that I used to talk smack about you.
I guess that is over now...
Fuck that, I'll fight old people
immensely jealous of your indefinite jaunt to Italy; now I have an excuse to go!
Hey, thanks for the RT!
:D
I wanna say that's the second time he has hit a HR and then had an error in next half inning
I understand that
Be different: If you prefer creaminess and depth in your Chardonnay, try a Pinot Bianco!
A day to honor, remember and thank those who are serving and have served our country.
Thank you, service members.
Special thanks to for granting the jazz band a new doctorm set and hardware.
Much appreciated
well good night love you all can i get goodnight back haha:
Interested in Top Level Jobs.
doctor Cynthia Harris
I think it was Teresa joining RHONJ that put the wedge in the relationship between the siblings not joining
Don't you worry your pretty little mind.
People throw rocks at things that shine.
I remember when I used to go to Markham!
that room for juking was nothing nice lmao
coming through Atlanta on the 13th
If the people wouldn't pay...
They wouldn't buy em.
My Dad.
diet coke and skittles are a good end to this friday
SmithRowsey: 3.
procapitalism
You Did it!!!
And with 20 days left!
CONGRATULATIONS
How to make homemade caramel rolls
SELL SOME DICK!!...Get the money!!..Hahahaha..
: goodmorning indeed.
We are so proud  happy to hit our 1 yr mark today!
Come by  get 1 tacos till 11am!
Started the day by shoveling worlds heaviest snow.
Can barely lift my arms...
we got this.
thanx bro, was hoping you like the changes
this one is really good.
My teammates are getting silly tho so I might not stay for another...
wish you were going to be here!
Rashondoctor's about to go on!
NappyThursdays!
bout getitin!
A world I wish I knew more about.
Feel like I'm groping towards observations mathematicians understand but in very different terms.
When stepping into your shot, step in low with your inside foot and land on your toes.
just grabbed my biscuit...I had a little left on my lip ;
I did not know that!
I want other first ladies of the world enraged with envy at our first lady's wardoctorbe.
This is America.
I know one of them RT : 100k women die during childbirth per year.
Mann im weird.
Whenevre i here or see something about i gasp then smile.
x Is that a good or a bad thing?
yeah!
It's still going on.
Good luck finding parking though.
I'd suggest the bus or biking would be faster.
Andy Clarke on the new 320 and Up
Today is blessed
wish i could retweet your doctorke texts.
celebrating 's birthday tomorrow!!
wish him a stellar one folks!
Barry BondsAsswipe
if it still hurts...
you still care :
Harbor haunt festival tonight!!
Remember guys stage 3 up stairs 6400 2nd st, long beach, ca!
Hope to see you all in the crowd!
While in Indy you should go visit my fdn the Great American Songbook Initiative in carmel.
Can have someone show you around.
I found it because I wore my cross today!
almighty man I could have lost it anywhere??
Up late stressin about BS 
Okay.we can soon.Only benefit to the web page is it has a pay pal option.
If you want to send me ck that's ok
4th term!
Thanks!!
what are you talking about?
It's freezing!
Thanks for the FF mentions:
Milestone.
Free sample at Henn Lake liquor.
Only took 11 years.
Nothing better than a man in a seersucker!
This ladder is making me nervous.
But, wow, gorgeous scenery.
Gym time
Just saw in LA Noire  lol Nice surprise!
I just shouted Grunny!
My roomies think I'm a little insane  I'm ok with that.
oh come on, it wasn't that bad...
Finally gave Leo a reason to overact.
lol.
Ohh wasn it suppose to end last yr n mf was countin down but nun happened  .
Ppl kill me
good night TWITTER good night mb 143
I sincerely hope you enjoy it!
The Oracle came together easier than any of the others so far.
my weed mans usually on point its my pill people I usually gotta wait for lol
' Huh can't wait to see him tho!!
she said hey now go to bed hit me tmister
Capuano amendment would have supported peer to peer programs, like and others.
Rejected by Rs.
Houston Hoops from behind takes 1 pt lead at the half 2827 over Texas AmbassadorsMorse
Passing through opp alabama....I wonder who named it that.
Lincecum has another RBI with a line doctorve to right center
me too!!
I tried Glogster last fall for level 1 me gusta project, but free version had too many issues, not likely to try again.
when u coming to town?
he gave me those evil eyes!
I was unawares you could tag someone in your facebook status updates by adding  in front of their name.
Sounds familiar...
I work for a Beer Company.
Why should I have to provide you with; Aprons, Coasters, TShirts, Bottle Openers, Glasses, Neons and/or Coolers?
well considering I'm still alive, I'm doing ok!
your beer choice now makes a lot more sense.
wool Is being optioned!
Congratulations.
I find that look disturbingly
What?!?!
I missed you!
Finally back n kc.....1st thing is to sleep in
: SeniorConfessionHour im gonna miss some of you after graduation, but the rest of you can go fuck yourselves 
Great day with mom out at Ft.Pickens.
Now headed to Waffle House for some good eats.
:
shoots bird WIN!
now its a lot better!
Is it ME, or does the logo for the Golden State Warriors look like the Legion insignia???
Penalty against , JP Rodoctorgues for tripping.
Baltimore on power play and a shootout.
beautiful pics...Awww I wanna have love like this 1day!!!
Awesome!!
What's your guys 's favorit cover of austins?
Tweet me!
RT : Would you like to win a signed Deryk Engelland puck?
Just retweet this message and we will pick a winner later today.
...
sleep  getting your mind off of things.
NENE so Messy
We!
Very nice bike!!
how you been?
Going to see Tim Lincicum pitch for the Giants.
Baseball on the 4th.
What can be more American
: Steelers will open the 2012 season Sunday night in Denver against Peyton Manning.hope your neck's healed.
Sincerely, Debo
The Throwback Mixtape is here!!!
www.CalDashE.com
Going to The Porter Beer Bar in Little Five Points.
First visit to BRIP dog park of '12 and Teddy wants to play w the humans.
Sheesh.
wow!
This is a really nice image :
Justin Bieber haters
RT : Hear your favorite songsor sing them!tonight at Fridays!
We're going all out for DJ and Karaoke Night at 9pm!...
Committee meeting at 3:30 on day before holiday break.
Makes me remember being a student.
welcome to the club!
:
Nevermind the darkness, we can still find a way.
Nothing last forever, in the cold November rain.
message me .
I'm gonna need a double.
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3 :p
Chardon HS Alum, Brandon Karcic, will be playing tonight at the brewpub to benefit the Chardon Healing Fund at 7:00 p.m.
Join us!
Any social studies teachers happy with the sucky NCSS Conference themes?
Trying to figure out how to get my proposal to fit their theme.
my personal tumblr dash is so boring sigh
Everyone have a safe party tonight enjoy the clubs and bars doctornk responsibly.
Iguadala clutch from the line .
Congrats Philly
please do 
hi you cunt
I need new sports bra's for cheer.
I only have one, and we have practice 4 days a week now...
This isn't working for me.
ofcourse!
I do.
Please follow me!
just killed it at Comedy Works, taping for an upcoming Showtime special!
Absolutely hilarious!
for the WIN!
I want Roseanne Barr to be president, and i have discussed why i do.
Read my TI.
up late are we???
Ready for Jazz Fest...
Can't sleep
Save some for me!!!
Free show at BackstageLive opens for Doors at 7.
Free for 21 and over.
OCT 14th!
RT : Pirates' James Harrison took a nohitter into the seventh inning on April 25 against the Rockies.
Not a bad start tonigh ...
What the hell just happened on idol.
Was the real life???.
my professorssor is kool though he is letting us have another spring break when our high school does
TGI delivers creative integratedmarketing support services to Fortune500 leaders using print media  the latest multimedia technologies.
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give  which is everything.
Anon
I got you.
A lil Gucci Mane  Icy at 730 am.
i was just doctorwing for so long.
now i'm so tired
Time to mop the floors!
Thx for the ff.
Can't wait for start of season.
GoodNight Ppl ; 
Ficking impatient.
I'm late!!!!!
AGAIN
yeah I'm still following, I'm just never on anymore.
fool.
how are you though?
If I wasn't able ta keep it hunnid dat would b da
when are we having that fire at your house?!
:D hey followers!
whats up:
I apologize to anyone who has to deal with me today.
where are you now?
i love you:
Better than Christmas morning NCAATournent day one
I don't want to hear you bitch about how horrible your relationship is if you're not going to do anything to change it.
Just saw the trailer for TheRaven!
looks amazing  so right for the part.
Looking forward to seeing this film.
Because of expat NewAge jackasses, you can no longer tour Cahora Bassa Dam.
haha awe.
Well u are funny as a bitch u just giggle.
:
Good Morning Twitter , IB English Paper 1 .
whoop whoop.
Aiming for a 5 :D.
5 Dollar Falafel Day!
If you don't know...now you know!
At home waiting to go to work.
Had a frustrating morning because of my dog.
But I need to realize how lucky I truly am lets keep it positive
So much for EFile...
thanks for the tip!!
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD is trending world wide!!!!!
how cute : I was on my way to work haha
Nice!
Thanks for listening to our music!
RT I remember Innerlude  I Don't Wanna Go On...
good stuff
What can I say?
We are truly showstoppers, ha ha!
they can pull you over for going around them?
To be fair, at a month, you're already a Level 3 guru yourself.
ah now I see the header.
:
Jorts!
RT : Jean shorts are considered trashy these days, right?
do you still have an aol email?
If so it's been hacked....sending crazy random stuff...
Related: I wish Instagram had a 1962 filter for today's festivities.
talking to Wake Forest  Idaho about possible tours for the Fall 2010 season.
.
I'm tired of the MSM making excuses for Mittens' campaign failures
Do you have to subscribe to use Image Quest?
Gee....
I wonder who's gonna win...
Oh Clara Peanuts are not ment to be eaten ouy of the trashcan.
Next time call me and Ill bring you some dark peanuts.
: lmfao
Bruins on headhunting expedition: Hunter
I just got invited to join a book club!
Holla!
This is a very sophisticated and class bacholrette party!
It's a nice change from the last
In what situations do you feel the most ignorant/unaware of your thoughts  actions?
How has Christs love touched those areas of your life?
OH BOY!
SLIPPERY SLOPE...HOW WOULD YOU DEFINE THAT?
DO YOU RELY ON TESTS BEFORE A CRIMINAL ACT IS COMMITTED TOO?
I spy pepperoni
But to all who believed him and accepted him, he gave the right to become childoctorn of God.
John 1:12
holyshit ...that is all.
that video is awesome ur a beast
I have no idea who the Patriots selected but I'm glad they're defensive players.
Knocked out
Strong 2012 NFL doctorft Class Shows Michigan State Spartans Football is Gaining Respect
Awesome first day on FamilyAffair!
I can't wait to shoot tomorrow.
On location in NJ!
Just got shown Stanley's lipstick.
Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
nw The Princess and the Frog
South Beach...the only place in the world where you don't need a reason for fireworks.
Happy...er...Thursday y'all!
Hey : Thank you so much for the support!!!
:  Ava  Loretta
Just made brunch: toast with hummus, sliced tomato, and three eggs overeasy.
Got eggs yesterday from a local producer.
Yum!
Imagine You: Can you follow me on Twitter?
Austin: No.
I want Skype, I want to see you even we're far away.
What am I , doing today ?
RT : RT : S/O to for spinning the UTSASHOWCASE go follow him
Got them jars lookin beautiful ,
Tell me about it!
that is true.
What a match!!
Great battle by both!
Nice job Orton!
Just pulled into NYC.
Honey I'm home!
Yeslove it...
yeah , I got it .
Thanks
Happy National Dance Week www.nationaldanceweek.org
Agreed: AD is different, it's canonic at this point.
IFindItChildish wen People claim dey 1 thing then jump on the band wagon of another of somethin else man
your bitch on my hip and i ain't talkin 'bout that pager.
bitch suck my dick cause i look like darth vader.
Free Samples
thanks for the follow!
relax responsible  don't mind if I do!
Baby let's get naked just so we can make sweet love..
TODAY!
10:00am 3:00 pm, Dustbowl, Sexual Assault Awareness Day 90 of rape survivors on college campus know their attackers.
At 10am?
Delicious!
Liam Neeson is such a badass in Taken.
How did I ever watch this movie months before I went to Europe?
Thank u
Are your kebabs similar to the one's found in Europe, namely Germany?
If so, I'm sold!
Me and jus made a funny video lol :
well she's going to : why?
Just finished a bottle of Alleycat...it SUCKED!
Review to be posted shortly.
288 followers  c'mon son we can do better.!!!;D
remember we wanted to crowdsource translation at SSA?
How about automating for CMS?
Hard to do at times RT : A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.
don't go back to school!!
Your article about Delmarva's opening in Canton implies the showroom is gone, which it is NOT!
so exciting!
Did u enjoy directing it?
Betsy Snyder created this too cute Valentine card for Papyrus!
Valentine's day is coming up...nudge nudge
watch Jersey shore :
awe, I'm sorry lol
that picture is scary like a donut
Hey girl with 20,000 tweets and 14 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fuck up
better get ready, package en route, its bout to get WetRoundHere !!!
You talk cute.
Author Lynn Taylor reported that 70 of Americans in her survey said bosses and toddlers with too much power, act alike.
At the celebration
tell me what they're saying...
This has been too long of a week.
It needs to end, like now.
the doctorss is 65
how can i service you with the dj pack for my hiphop recording artist precise dj pack for his single it's on me
RT: : Technically isn't he working from home?
badjoke  snap!
Someone needs to bring me some cookies.
home made of course, and if they could write my papers too that would be awesome.
In new apt., Verizon not coming until tomorrow.
Am WITHOUT INTERNET.
Trying not to panic.
Enjoying sunbeams with the furry child.
We smilers, we are proud CyrusRules !
you gotta come back to Toronto I was at the penn state concert and it was crazy do it again in Toronto
nope zayn and Louis both have 2.9 million
I wanna watch the hunger games again..
Big fan of Words With Friends on my iPhone.
Anyone else play?
Thanks for the shout!
Delta chi in Greeley what up!?
Let's hang out tonight!
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Sydney J Harris
Asdfghjklsdf I love your twitter.
You're perf!
c;
I got a flat tire.
This is somehow 's fault for being beautiful at my Trader Joes and distracting me from car maintenance.
and you still make time to respond to your million twitter followers......HUSTLE!
Love their pinboards...
such great home inspiration!
RT Are you following us on ?
Check us out!
just introduced into US in January, we're working on it!
Looking into places to stay in Granada  incredible.
Jarod Uthoff gets what he wants.
He can go anywhere outside of the Big Ten.
A big win at today's appeal for Uthoff.
Arise 6:30, doctorve empty streets dwntown, eat breakfast taco, write poetry at Pfluger Bridge, meditate at Doug Sahm Hill, admire cow parade
is going to Mt.
Buller!
Blackmon: 2.
there isn't enough listening to other side.
Be open to possibility that other side is just as passionate and wellintentioned
A great overtime win!
Next home game is Friday, April 6 vs Tulsa  then the season comes to an end on April 7, Fan Appreciation Day!
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there!
Was in Manassas this am.
Packed!
Excellent, will try it tmoro.
Thanks for the recommendation
What is saying right now about Yahoo is something I've been waiting to hear a long time.
.
backend interface to edit mostly static pages, because he'll eventually pass the site off to someone else.
How come when my asian coworker says something it never sounds right?
Minced garlic sounded like 'mens' garlic?
Thoughts?
RT :  what about the share doctorft  I dislike that term immensely
Love that I am coaching basketball tournament this weekend but don't like that I am missing church back home in the morning
If God Forbid..if Romney ever was elected Pres..you know mister Romney would be running the country...BE AFRAID!
actually sickening thought..
Enjoyed it!
kills envy, the envious are called anti selena are hateful jente who hate the jente with good success, are a shit!
whats makes you ask ?,but good..we have our moments from now and then
Mine too: I miss you!!
Very happy new year!
Stayed up last Night until 10!
Rang in 2012 snoring!
Isn't it past your bed time, young man.
I gots mad luv for you, and me n my kids luv listening to your music.
Yeah, I've had this on my todo list for weeks, now.
Soon.
I did, my focus was on communications, but I'm older.
Social media didn't really exist as we know it then...
OMG.
Haven't been on in such a long time!
Since everything happened with my cousin I stopped using twitter.
I miss every one!
Tweet mee:
and I are willing to give are left arm for these tickets!
Deal?
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
And sturdy, too.
Likes to be thumped like a puppy.
Very very helpful, as well.
Keeps a cap on office productivity.
I had someone call off my website this week from an old blog.
If I was consistent this would happen more often.
Smart ass!
: You know what I mean.
You should be out throwing back some fruit tasting doctornk right about now.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Been so busy this week!!!
just discovered technologysalon  looks great!
Are there opportunities in LA for meetups ?
See our SMS tool!
do presidents and members of congress have to qualify for a security clearance or is it assumed they are OK because they got elected
Same here, Mike went to the Moontower Comedy fest and I'm watching Veronica.
It still doesn't make any sense to call Obama a Communist when he's a corporate roller
that's WiscoPride right there, my friend.
Will U B relieved to find out that Zimmerman did nothing wrong?
Wouldn't that restore your faith in man?
Or R U rooting for the worst
People can be more forgiving than you can imagine
So much is goin on in may
Fyi, french fries and mayo have changed my life!
Forever grateful for your suggestion :
You two crack me up, but AMEN to wingsOnlyonpads  and not even then
Worst part of the day?
Waking up to go to school.
Fresh  Easy store is wanted in Serra Mesa.
Hauptfeld addoctorsses that Serra Mesa decides when  where not simply what unions want.
Sure am!
lol sorry, it kept saying i wasnt following you ;
Hi Leigh, I agree with you.
I'm still learning but I have found some great people here.
I just have to learn to be brie...
As a special Mothers Day gift to you, is offering her novel, Until Forever, for FREE as a Kindle download on Amazon...
ah I'm more than obsessed!!
I watch at least 3 episodes a day.
did u see everyone's faces on the jury when she opened her mouth !
It was still over her head for her to understand
About to venture the the fabulous for KILL BILL: THE WHOLE BLOODY AFFAIR.
Favorite movie/favorite theatre.
It's a big day.
Mine is a boy
There is always an upgrade :
well done lastnight Shane got us kicked out.
guiltyinbluedoctorss!
Nice!
You guys have a big fan in Cody Keep up the great work!
lol.
Well its almost midnite here so time to try and sleep after all school tomorrow
Thanks for the follow.
Check out my facebook music page if you have time!
Hope you like it 3 Btw Keith Urban is the best :
ps Jared agreed w/ my 7 year plan I wrote out last night.
Good sign!!
;
Good luck Eleanor!
my mom really ignored me all day.
like, i'm your daughter, acknowledge me!
haha I totally would but im in Texas!
But good luck, you'll find a way!
you can set it up through the website.
On info resources webpage.
come on that's fun ;
Hey guys!
Also wanted to mention that Duran Duran Sessions won't be airing tonight.
They're just taking a break this week!
Im pretty sure this dude is jerking off in study hall
I'm an architect on things that haven't happened yet.
Apparently The TSA Has Concluded That Terrorists Are Most Likely To Be Female Age 18 to 35 With Hoop Earrings
It's so dusty!
I cant even see the strip!
Honor and respect yourself while respecting others!
Remember: life is a string of interruptions.
Enjoy them.
Always feel so more productive when Im free.
: Did you know about the STL Salsa Congress?
Your city is hosting one of biggest Latin dance events in midwest!
Want to do noon  meet for lunch?
I teach from 1011:30.
And of, course, I will need to check with Amber...
you have no clue what your talkin about...
Joyce's thing has nothing to do with me??
So don't accuse me of anything
Nightmare On Elm Street marathon goin on as we speak.
has a headache from hell
Thank you for your Purim wishes!
Happy Holi to you as well, from the Jewish community in metropolitan Detroit!
Have you submitted to our Contest yet?
Did you know you still have until April 1st to do so?
Thank you for joining us this year's Champs event!
We hope to see you again soon!
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life
Kobe looks gassed...
from all the toilet time today...
Kim Kardashian share her food with the homeless.
And that so nice
happy belated birthday!
You know what ?
Its been a hell of a good spring break .
That tweet was racthet ass hell because there aren't even any tigers in Africa..
lol
hottest Jerseys going LOL
Best Sellers From a Vanished World
Vikings stadium: Exlawmakers call Zellers the key to passing bill  Pioneer Press
To form a personal opinion, ask very specific questions for both ends of the argument.
Then you gotta filter out all the irrelevant info.
i prefer them without one
I'm watching kindergarten cop.
How many of the veteran players has he alienated??..just ask guys like Hart/Hardy/etc...glad u guys have him...
The funniest thing just happened to me
Working on my blogs today.
Also my facebook page.
Fxck out his face perkins
Turtles don't talk not even dead ones...
Oh heeyy, I get it!
Dang, thats deep haha.
Happy mothersday I love you mom!
dojo is treating me well these days, so is
moverslongisland available tomorrow after 4pm!
Please give us a call today to reserve until 9pm.
Always welcome for last minute calls!
I want to be the next big comedian!
Need financing!
lol
that was so bad!!!
I don't see how they could he laughing xD
Phish Confirmation I got all the Leg2 tickets I wanted.
See you Heads in Long Beach, KC,  St Louis.
SF if I get off work.
HANDS DOWN HOMIE!
1st 'Midnights in Paris' class tonight in Chestnut Hill  great fun with ghosts of Montparnasse, Montmartre!
both very awesome!
:D
Feel better 
Blast heard in support of doctorg war victims wrongly convicted in cell for mom in Myanmar.
Nice!
RT : Boy's and Girl's Freshman Basketball teams won tonight in their games at Cathedoctorl!!
Go Giants!!
out of work early because of the heat...
this bodes well for the rest of the week.
now i just need a happy hour buddy!
i thought u or rick would use 1 of the many awesome paintings y'all have for the album cover.
Still looks good!
Right?
And Loki was the villainous unicorn that stabbed people with his horn.
Kind of far fetched...
Got one of my best friend kitty : thx Emalie
yup.
That helps
you missed wellstead making a Harold and kumar reference in evolution
We were created n the IMAGE  LIKENESS of God.
When we sinned we're no longer His LIKENESS.
Jesus' blood restores us 2 our original state!
Just received my first takehome midterm.
812 pages?
I'm terrified.
:
Just bought a fancy vacuum cleaner
Need Free promotion?
www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ Have a blessed day.
Signing our lives away :
emails!!!!emails!!!!!emaills!!!!
i really have to do this in the magazine business
Awww I am off now : RT Waiting for to come home from WORK...
just got your tweet as I switched phones and haven't set up Twitter.
It was nice to meet you too!
thanks for the follow!
Great to meet you.
Life without Music?.....
I cant go on.
ok feel better soon
forsure, that would mean the world to me!
Stay in touch.3
No math this week.
Can life get any better ?
Follow us and get free essay samples!
RT : The OSU Medical Center just got a new name: The Wexner Medical Center at The Ohio State University  More:...
Race win today!!!!
Fuck the police!
I definitely have a thing for .
I will watch any show she is in.
Always rocking the witty characters.
Trying to get CS part of core courses and working w/ on getting Kinect and materials so her students can code.
The Battle Over the Birthplace of Adm.
David Glasgow Farragut
Let's hope this day at the other shop goes smoothly.
wht a great day today!
Walnuts, peanuts, cashews, or pecans  What's your favorite?
Where did Tickle finish.
And why no SXonSPEED tonight?
philosophy vs doctornking.
I will come if one of you wants to discuss the fear of freedom with me.
;
As I surmised, panel today including editor from Edwin Mellen offered some very diff.
perspectives on scholarly publishing.
General Hospital is in Port Charles.
Accepting headshots and reels for horror feature film
being home alone  someone call me
Got back from camping it was very fun
Ugh I hate being stuck in bed!!
I also hate being sick!
Im so bored.
Someone talk to me!!!
Haha
yuhh but what's new wit her?!
Also, I can't wait for Moneyball.
What?!?!
This show is great!
Getting ready for my photoshoot tomorrow leggoo!!
Packing up my house and ran across some old CDs that I haven't seen in years...
Big Tymers This How We Do
Not really man...not a good start in my opinion..
Love to Bill Cosby need his help.

thanks for joining us this morning!
Answering tweets.
Writing recaps.
Who wants to know something?
It is so important to have a good injury/accident attorney that knows the law and protects your interests.
or Aaron
Oh, yeah!
My principle is Roger no matter what!
LOL!!
Oh you are too sweet.
That's not a nursing home, is it?
Surely you're not that kind of daughter.
:
I'm watching Arthur cause I never did as a child.
Did the music warm your spirit?
I need to see that movie
I love you man.
So awesome.
My kids love you too!
Close the work week and open the weekend with a quick stop at Beverage Warehouse.
We are sure to have something you can celebrate with!
I have one more order going in for this month so if you are local let me know if you need anything and you get FREE shipping!!!
:
Hoe, I wish u would.
Alien 1: Did the humans get our message?
Alien 2: Yes, But they named it Dubstep and they dance to it
I call it Diet Beer, and awful.
I was so excited to watch daytime TV!.....it blows.
alright.
Im just used to you getting on your tippy toes and such : Lets meet up soon!
just as the prosecution's case must hold up in cross.
my larger point: lots of evidence could cut both ways.
Bilderberg Group so far in the Obama Admin, all 14 of them at the Whitehouse, pardon my french, havent done jack shit, except to make  4 
What a beautiful weekend!!!
We know there are some sore bodies from all the sun and fun.
Come on in and we can help you out.
that shirt is very becoming on you then again if I were on you I'd be cumming too
Just Watched 's movie Straight to DVD.
AMAZING!
ah nice; say hi for me!
Just completed Day 3 of I cant believe how hard everything is...but it is certainly worth it!
Geffen Playhouse was amazing!
I finally understand why people love theatre
yeah I love that pic.
Fun to be called out on twitter like that.
:
I hate being the nice girl.
It's so easy to give the nice person the shorter end of something.
May we all remember what her life and death represents.
Be your best each day as the next is not promised
Am here at Stedelijk for closing day.
On the first floor!
APOil falls to near 102 a barrel after negotiators said meetings over Iran's nuclear program began on a positive note.
I've just made a facebook.
Friends?
RT had a blast with you last night wish you went on my little afterdark adventure hahaha 1 reason why i love you !
haha
Hey, check your DM!
More to come...
Avoid common grammatical errors: Your vs.
you're.
Your indicates possession  your book.
You're is a contraction for you are.
I'm so over all the doctorma and arguing about stupid little things that wont even matter the next week
No coupons, but we're teaming up with so you can earn free burgers soon!
You're awesome TMoney!
hell yea u knw it :
: You may have spent Sunday morning with Santorum.
But it's me and egg rolls Sunday night!
LUCKY MAN!!
Good Morning!
iWillNeverTrust you again
Whats your tag?!
Boomgarden finishes off Schnarr in straight sets.
Rodgers will now try to serve out his match against Hogendorn to join Boomer in the final.
hahahaah!!!
wondering what it is....
Always bear in mind, that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other thing.
Abraham Lincoln
Just got off the phone w/ He's got one left that someone was supposed to buy but it turns out the buyer is in Tulsa.
might go shopping with the girls later.
finally finished packing!
I had to buy a new suitcase that weighed less empty...
it is so cute.
It screams Hawaii..
aka my socal style.
Finally got new worms and restarted the worm bin today.
Happy Earth Day!
CAN I GET FOLLOWED XD!!!
Again, that has nothing to do with Carmelo.
He's been getting ran into the ground and physically beat up all 3 games.
Yep!
Hopefully you are planning on good eating because there's a lot of it here!
Wow  Bayern wins on penalties.
Sorry for Mourinho, happy that the petulant weasel Ronaldo missed.
BayernChelsea final  Go Bayern!
Mitch Kramer can't throw a strike tonight.
Ranking Full Stop, baby
WTF, Hyde retracts and says Dolphins still in on
hey chiquilla!
Long time no see.
Are u still at st mark?
We'll see you tonight for Under the Influence, stories about LSD, frenemies, Cal Ripken and Steve Jobs.
Still tix at stoopstorytelling.com
I'm so impressed that you know how to put aside electronic things on vacation.
I'm trying to learn!
shhh yuh tweeted me!!
Fan girl moment!!3 Thank yuh so much!
You looked cute in the video to!: lol
YouCuteAndAllBut i have no patience for the games.
Anyways ..
SPRING BREAK, BABY!!!!!
i cant tell either
All moms and mom2be are welcome!
It is official, my book Score Big: Winning More Business in Financial Services book will be in stores on July 13th
stm2012 in biology: 1000 genomes project; 7 petabytes of data downloaded in the past 12 months
Mother's day is coming up, thinking of anything special for your mama?
PT
Why do people want to be envied?
discovering new music, reminiscing with old music
you send out a tweet every 5 minutes...what's up Big Marv
People would rather believe than know
happy 18th birthday justin33 i hope u have had an amazing day; im listening to my world and my world 2.0 stillkidoctoruhl 3
: If I was standing on my head..Groupon would look like the IPO of the year.
But, I live in reality .it's just a turd ..GRPN
doctorve safe everyone...
it's looking bad out there!
Who's ready for summer?
:
Gloomy LA morning with German Voiceovers for IBM
practice at 9, i'm not feeling too good :c
Preparing for a Las Vegas trip on Frontier
But what is the intent of a big hit?
To take someone out.
No one tries to big hit a guy with intentions to not harm
thinking of you while reading Second Book of Nephi on devil; this awful monster; yea, that monster, death and hell
Variety Show 5 tonight.
New studio, new guests!
friday night lights is effing amazing.
That next day body ache
Go look for Kenyon Martin RT : Let's Go Lake Show!!!
We need Shaq bak man.
MLB writers will find a way to give the player of the month award to an east coast player.
just go in tomorrow and be like hi okay i have to make up a science lab during lunch can i just take the test now see what he
maybe they actually checked this time.
USF Library is closed tomorrow!
Just Two More Weeks Of This Weak School Sht .
.
Then Im Getting Missin
it works in so many ways!
Keeping us together!
I don't want to hear any crap about Romo.
Dude was a warrior this season.
Played through a ton of injuries thanks to his OLine.
Awesome show!
I think it is going to touch the hearts of America.
I for one am proud to have been there!
Hyman wins journalist of the year honors  Wicked Local
When Jesus said this, one of the officials nearby slapped him in the face.
First time I doctorve again to where I was rear ended, I witness another rear ending that blew out the back window of the other car.
Crazy.
its going to be hot today !!!!
lets go
Never Close Our Eyes by on !
Thank you.
First time hearing on radio.
Sound awesome!
Trespassing is
Good breakdown.
I agree with all of that.
Chilling at Lestats Coffee house in San Diego waiting for it to start raining enjoying a good strong cup of coffee.
Hope everyone is having
Happy Mothers Day to everybodys mom.
We gotta let em know we love em as much as we can while they still here.
I believe I can try.
I believe I can put down the potpie.
I think about losing my belly.
Thru exercise/eating healthy.
I believe I can try.
Soy Peppermint Mocha for the traffic.
dear gobstopper of a semester: i could use you to end sometime soon.
i feel like i'm running out of things to say to students.
Can't I just look at him without playing tennis?
;
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, its just that your opinion is stupid
I found one too, it's called velcro.
You can get it at your local craft shop for 2.
:
nothing, why?
I think it's dope.
He's comin from a complete different angle.
High sticking on Kreider ...
Caps to the power play.
Good weekend for ukmma congrats especially to bradpickett on his inspirational performance!
People So STUPID, Smh .
i really was going to put then background ..
but then you just changed yours .
Thanks for the Fireworks !
I really enjoyed seeing the sky light up with bright colors as I biked home.
Very welcome!
You're quite independent, Frank I like it!
Let's have a stickthrowing hang soon!!
The 100 Years war was shorter than Tony Parker's announcement
I've lost me mind.
Grrrrrr
Happy 2 be here!
thanks to you sir and I love ur slide style!!!
Big Fan!!
Can't wait to jam with you.
So glad there was no school today!
Tuesday night QueueBarLounge lasvegas 9pm5am come visit  win some money video poker bar top
Team Aries...all the da way
happy thanksgiving Neal!
Much love and kudos to single moms out there doing the damn thing, im just sayin I be damned if ill be just someones baby mama.
I believe as a human being I am entitled to my own personal IP addoctorss.
watching law and order, the show named after my byceps
im so done with all these funky ass niggaz
follow?3 we love you jacob!:
RT Cancer females are huge freaks unless they havent had sex yet but no matter what, they are undercover freaks,
you're right, I'm actually so great!
Truth be told, my request for another day's holiday was approved today...much to my dismay;
SUNDAY  FUN DAY  THE SMILING MOOSE!
3 JEREMIAH WEED TEA VODKA doctorNKS Till 9pm, 1 PABST PINTS 911PM!
KITCHEN OPEN!
They barely can get a good show in 2 hours.
ate out every day for a week while I was in baltimore.
I can feel and see the grossness.
Time for my 2 month long detox.
Started doctornkin at 7 yest was in bed by 12 with a cracked screen empty wallet an a NYR w
Playground coloring !
Will start working on original music and stay tuned for our monthly podcast.
If you have music, send it over to Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2
I'm psyched to see perform tonight on thirdbird's Seen  Heard 4.
I'm a girl.
I can read emotions like Edgar Allen Poe stories.
you better be at my apartment in the next two hours missy !!
You deserve His love, and can feel it through the Spirit every day.
He doesn't forget anyone.
did you get the video up?
thanks man.
I credit the equipment.
All I do is click.
Many of your clients trust peer reviews of businesses.
So yo must be transparent and represent yourself online.
Cc
i am trying to find a sponsor for a Los Munequitos De Matanzas workshop on april 27th in cleveland , Ohio.
where their performing.
Who's the BEST Principal in SA?
That's what wants to know.
Send nominations to now!
love the K.
Spirit is vertical.
Progress horizontal.
We are at a crossroads.
stupid political tweets are like early days of email, when people regularly wrote dumb things.
Not going anywhere for awhile
If you listen to Huey Mac you might be a faggot.
Sorry if your white and you rap from wv
you speak the truth.
where have u been?
Miss u:
should have had more Gibsons...
Crosby and Malkin weren't bad in the series but not once was either the best player on the ice.
Giroux was in at least 34 games.
everybody...
please FOLLOW We need to help her get more fans and followers.
Emma is very talented and I want to help her!
I like work.
It fascinates me.
I sit and look at it for hours.
Watching w We don't agree on much, but do agree that the homie Mike Murphy rocks some swagtastic glasses.
Thanks to everyone who attended Tromadance this weekend!
Our Strand family made a lot of new friends!
what's up?
Haha long time no talk :p
RT : Checking the mail for my contract!
SO excited to be sponsored by them.
PinkHair AWESOME Zoe!!
i look like her?
O.o
When you get to know your students as individuals, and they are not just a number, that us when REAL teaching can begin!
We love you guys!!
3
both of them .
I don't want roshon to leave :'
Today is my 15th birthday.
And 2011 was a hard year for me so please justin follow me.
That would make me so happy !
Awww, thank you!
firstworldproblems RT : Wearing Swarovskicrystallized underwear is highly NOT recommended when doing abs at the gym.
Gonna catch white and nerdy.
Might be getting a regular job and not really sure how I feel about that.
just bought 's AllAmerican album
What's the protocol when you're fucking a guy and the shit smell from his ass is so strong you can't keep it hard anymore?
I'm really wanting a valentine..
:
1 year anniversary tonight for Old School Wednesday's with a special DJ set by
Nat..u forgot to call me back..thanks a lot buddy...
still being true blue with a little reality sprinkled in wow what a game.
Mmmmmuh that was last Wednesday.
I like sharing brainwaves like this.
Attn mothers: please feed your teenage boys enough food so they weigh more than their female counterparts!
All you can do is stay positive.
Keep ya head up
Wow, thanks for the add!!
xoxo!!
Montgomery ShopRite: 1box kosher marzipans left.
On back it says SERVING SIZE: 1piece Has anyone EVER eaten just 1marzipan!?!
Did WalkerFailure record radio speech blaming others for his job creation fail b4 or after he flew to fla on campaign cash grab?
Niggas really be mad when they losing in video games lmfao
their boobs perk up and out xD
Just restarted the web stream due to audio sync issues, so if anyone's having trouble, refresh the page
So many people these days date for the wrong reasons......guys want one thing
Thank you, Kym!!!
all day lol :
what is that?!
lol
no.
I am illiterate when it comes to that.
Lmfao
in the Lab
Hey boo I miss u hw is it out there ???
I cant wait until I come back hm u goin b the only person I wanna c bside my fam
Once you have learned to love, You will have learned to live.
I Feel You..
Best Of Luck To You..
May Your Day be Fast And Furious
Can't have your cake and eat it too.
Have to pick 1.
I choose Dexter.
What have people ever done for you?
Pens thought of the day: We may have lost the first round, but we got back the best player in hockey.
someone tweet me.
need something to do.
It was a gorgeous day.
Woke at 6  hit the ground running!
Feeling accomplished!!!
day trading rockstar, thanks for watching the video and getting a copy of the book.
I attempted to share all the little tips i learned
we're too fabulous!
hair flip
I miss Kyle so much!
Thanks for listing me!
DailyHookahTip158: Get a to smoke out of your liquor bottles.
It's made of aircraft grade material, aka indestructible.
that sounds interesting.
sleeping is tough for me, with the bus moving, feels like I'm gonna roll out the bed and hurt myself
I don't care if I sound like a dying cat when I sing.
This is my favorite song.
Therefore, I shall sing.
Um, duh!?
California parole board denies mass murderer Charles Manson's bid for freedom.
Woulda been cool if Rihanna knocked him off that tower with a baseball bat.
I promise to doctorve safely and only hit 6 hole in ones!
Go home.
Turn the air on.
Get naked.
no are you coming to Milwaukee?
Em J and were going to come to you.
I hope so pretty nervous though look how high my eyebrows are.
Nah, Braves fan over here.
Georgia born and raised.
.: Hackers need journalists too.
Can help make sense of story, increase reach.
speaking of tech, i still need to paint my car...
I won't waste my time thinking of it at all, I'll be having a blast, I'm sure ;
Cardamom has been used to alleviate mental fatigue and nervous strain.
Guy steps out on Falcons during the season.
Sneaks around on Louisville with Auburn.
Karma is a you know what.
Join us for tonight's entree special: a Seared Hawaiian Mahi Mahi with Anson Mills Grits, Roasted Cherry Tomatoes  Sweet Corn Vinaigrette!
Is there a product that will deter a cat from pawing at framed wall art without damaging the frame or the cat?
Great superbowl halftime.
Not
thoughts and prayers for your grandpa!
3
If you overturn the call, do you wipe out the atbat after that?
I 3 Bryant Park.
Wrote a diss chapter on WCBryant, researched  NYPL, loved sitting in park on breaks.
Say hi to WCB for me.
...
Then Ishikawa gets rung up on a changeup 2 ft off the plate to end it in the 9th.
how sad.
U need sales that bad?
How pathetic.
Who outchea in these streets?
Lol
yeah that's when I learned to never trust ever again
Blueprint is fixed.
There are other responsive frameworks though that you should check out.
:
I will be attending the Texas Library Conference in Houston, Texas, starting tomorrow.
Representing UNT!
Its 3 am.
And I'm exhausted.
yet the computer calls.
I hate technology
glad to see Willie on SwampPeople tonight!
How long has CNBC been a morning news talk show in the afternoon?
No more hard business news?
bad mouthing Bruins fans:
I think you guys have started something great here.
: follow me?
xx
Review: Surprised!
I was fighting it for the first few chapters, but OK, I'm on board.
I'll certainly read the second in the series.
Working on it, but prob won't have it solved by wed...
Hey T........LOVED U RIPPING up PTOWN, my old HAUNT...and Newbury St.
My Friend John Mck.
works at AVANTI...loved u
Another time for sure!
I could seriously use some tweets to entertain me right now
what u doing did u delete your fb again?!
how do i verify my account?
it is morning and the coffee tastes so very necessary.
You here for ADI?
yes!
Love him!!
Definitely stopping at chick fil a this morning ....
We aren't giving tours at the moment.
Feel free to stop by and say hello, though!
Is So Sweet , Pretty , And Flawless !
I Love Her :
I think you can!
Check out YES  Your Event Source in clt.
They've got everything!
Regrettably, Fletcher already endorsed Sherman for D7.
Wonder if endorsements will hold?
Madison police confirm Jesse Jackson is at the state Capitol.
Don't have an opinion where you don't have a responsibility.J.Meyer
you need to follow me!
L0l i can't wait to see you next weekend!
:
Wa.
It's already dark!
:'
Ive been so depressed and misserable idk whats going on in the real world anymore...:
Have to be up for work in less than 4 hours!
That's Crazy Right!
: giggles
hope you feel better
Hey are you in So Cali?
We'd love to get you some!
Or, you know, basic crowd control.
totally!
: Once you realize the less that's expected of you, the easier life becomes.
I'm very disappointed that none of coworkers know who Rude Dog is.
Just two more days until GiveBIG.
Can we count on your support for The Seattle Foundations oneday online giving event on May 2?
her mom phone dead and dk if i can come over this week..im going to be super sawddy hebrew
They look awesome.
Have two in my front yard!
When he lays u down I might just die inside, it just don't feel right.....
I'll be sure to, thanks!
I've got a whole LehighValley twitter list going
today's NYT article in business section TV Exec's daughter does NOT want TV in her dorm room!
You are so sweet!
I am going to move to Edinburgh one day and be your neighbor!
haha I need to get the other 2 colors!
They are so comfy!
how was walmart?
xD ha P.L.U.R.3
LIKE if you are waiting until the last minute to do your holiday gift shopping!
If I have 2 hoes 3 hoes, I am going to have mo money then The President!
Lol now thats funny!!
Lol
if not tell chip I'm staying over HAHA seriously
We have an extra room!
Hope u had fun!!!
RT : MyStudio HOLLYWOOD WIT HEADED TO CHECK IT OUT!!
TURN
I'll be Burger King and you'll be McDonalds, I'll be doing it my way and you'll be lovin' it.
please please please follow back 3 : I just followed you!
where have you been all my life?
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing the Best Hip Hop  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
thanks Mallory!
Hope you're doing well.
SCT is offering office team building and public speaking workshops.
Email .
I love ur song I gust love it so much like evry moment I'm singing it 3 it have a amazing day :
Some Conway, Charlie D, Waylon and Eddie Rabbitt.
Does it get better??
Oh and some Seger!
Great for a Wed nite 2 finish the weekBH
I think NY is gonna be a very grumpy place to work today.
Yankees got schooled and I don't really care.
Can't let it show though.
I'm so lost without Jose :
30 of respondents in North Star poll would vote for Thompson, 27 for Hovde; 23 for Neumann.
Thompson, Neumann dominate name recognition.
Went home early from work because it was slow.
Took a nap and was woken up by mom rambling on about things I don't care about.
so u dont like football anymore?
even u rap?
i do too but not many ppl know bout it
Joan Little is
Sanctuary is amazing!!
The video couldn't come at a better day for me!
Thanks!
MySanctuary 3
With love this girl so much!!!
That's an interesting perspective bruh on Timmy's methods.
I never seen it that way.
Stirring the pot on all sides...
whose down with O.P.P.
tonight !?
Umm...you so better come see me before you go!
Optimize for people 1st and search engines 2nd
Thanks for the invite but running on a tight schedule today, I plan on having lunch with you Thursday or Friday :
Happy Hump Day everyone!
I'm a fan of yours.
He will NEVER think of how many people could feed their families on that much money either!!
Greedy creep.
Lmao ok RT : might is not acceptablethis isn't a might come event madam...i look forward to seeing you!!!
There was more people believing in me than I knew.
Hate a bad fucking doctoram.
Ruins my day
Thanks for all you do to support brain tumor research!
Follow me so I can message you back :
Just tried to update my iPhone  it said it would take bout 6 hours!!
So I waited  checked it again it said that there was an error!
UGHH
what's the word on the arrestee?
Spending time with the girl and our families in BTown..
Post Prom shirts, check 
you're the older one, doctorve over here!
Good for you, I'm still writing at night but hope to be a day writer soon
I hate when people moan about wanting to meet Austin AGAIN, Trust me, your the luckiest people out there!
I haven't met him ONCE so be glad.
Thank you!
We hate cancer too.
RT Woo hoooo!
Happy mothers day mom, thanks for carrying me in you for so long : 3
Wyd in the next Hour, ill come thru if you stay in LA or LBC
Is that Cleveland on the phone?
Lifestyle change is in order
Thoughts on the State of the Union?
MizMuze is gonna mosey on over 2 the Pagoda to see Little doctorgon, and then it's off to Laguna Beach with the GO Girls manana!
don't take anything says seriously.
Ever.
Thanks 4 reminder I haven't called him and idiot this week.
Idiot.
RT : 1st they ignore you, then they laugh at u, then they fight u, then u win  Gandhi
RT Some other teams fans claim to be the best but there is no fan base like packernation TRUE THAT
advice from one dude to another: you can doctorss to the 9s, but if your hands are in your pockets, it ruins whatever look you're going for.
baby this coon over here crazy and was ducking with me
tams is fucking amazing!
Where are my parents.
I wake up and there not here...
They don't love me
thanks it's was awesome, for now Idk lol
Only hot guys should KIK me  flirtyprincess
I ate so much last night that I woke up full
I want to make a twitter bot that does nothing but endorse longdead presidential candidates.
Vote Rutherford B.
Hayes in '76!
: I take incredible dumps
hahahaha omg it'd be crazy
conference call
Any comment on Obama big donor calling Sarah Palin a MILF or cnt?
Is that ok?
aw brittney I hope u get better :
dear mama Tupac
DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me?
5
Good to connect again!
As for photog stuff...
is amazing.
I'm hoping she has a good referral for you :
What's your favorite song?
Attending my first PR and Coffee Meeting.
Thanks my darlings for the FF Hacwe an amazing weekend!
If it isn't love
smh i was upstairs knocked out.
But they killed it
I wanna tell you how I feel, but if I do I'm afraid it'll just push you away
oh my god i love your brain.
that's the exact correct response to such an event.
Donna Summer.
Great voice.
Wasn't she in the movie Thank God It's Friday?
In addition to her hits on the charts?
i love it!!
haha and yeah i did:
under the mistletoe Five days RT
oh god i have like cramps in every part of my body
: Teacher: WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE!
..
Me: OH SHIT, sorry This reminded me of you in school:p
Listening to the birds chirping away at 3 am like it's morning sigh lol
No way!
10 grand!
I guess Playboy is quite educational these days lol
Chopped is not good for my blood pressure.
Hey hey!
Thanks for followin' me...hope all is well!
;
This looks fun for me
and : you're too kind, ladies.
Thanks for the support, every day...
i can't get you out of my head
I only trust 5 people exactly haa and nun are friends smh
Hi.
We have reservations for 4 under Happy Easter!
Any chance we can get a Bucks prototype?
strawberry wafers 
Who will be in Las Vegas this weekend?
He's good at saving pucks but not very good at saving his brother's marriage
So many choices...
vegas it's on tonight!
I'm not too religious, but grew up in church and always lived the right path, well put!
hey niall, follow me and i'll buy you all the food you could ever imagine!
FirstDayBack is tough...
it's much easier to GIVE back : How are your charities going to DoGood in 2012??
Happy New Year all.
: thank u for ur prayers My pleasure this is the year of
Grab the CTA and go to the Garfield Park Conservatory and Little Village
No official launch date determined yet.
However, we may have a special 'prelaunch sale'.
Guess we're gonna start off small...
Tomorrow we're releasing a major report on the state of ereading in the US.
Includes a portrait of ebook readers  their preferences.
Aww i'm taken.
You need to look for other qualities lol
You know, I actually prefer your vocal stylings compared to the real singer, keep singing
Fridays are normally my down days when I get a lot of work done.
Today, though, I have 7 meetings!
Yes.
But has to wait til nxt year RT : Is Tyler Seguin the NHLs next super star ?
I've always wished that one night I'd just go in my sleep...
I guess I should've been more specific.
nice!
Not in the Andoctorid market yet.
Tomorrow :
Just The Wrong Settin'
America, I will trot my way across America with my 0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan.
We don't need 450 billion dollars America!!!!
they defined it as cruel behavior
Can't list until they figure out the Clemens retrial
Spending my Friday evening going WILD with updating my portfolio and resume.
It's a shame my Starbucks is closed.
Reports saying the OSAMABINLADEN Assault lasted only 40 minutes.
lol not tonight..
RT : It's not enough to do no harm...one of the species at the bottom of the red list is the fisherman Barton Seaver
: Can you fix the picture?
Something strange now with PITMIA game w/the picture.
your point
can't wait to hear what you did to that track...
Glad it ended well.
I don't see it for another two hrs.
I mean my life would be terrible if I had no place to put my cum!
China has a Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.
Brilliant.
We love to remove stress from the application process and it doesn't stop there.
Come by booth 504 and receive a back massage!
they have Protein...
MPTV 36 has been taken over by TV  Video students!
Theyre at the controls so tune in all day for studentproduced programs.
CNCottonwood thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
video girl the movie in theaters amc empire in nyc today, rave 18 in L.A.
tonight 1145pm, starring meagan good, the block in orange, ca 2
Big Black massage, the bigger the blacker the massage.
lmao
TPCo wishes you a wonderful new year filled with abundance, joy  treasured moments.
May 2012 be your best year yet!
have you heard of acute intermittent porphyria?
i have that disease
Hey there you should give us a listen if you have time:
Steppes out to use the restroom and came back to birds eating my chips off my outdoor table !
I wish someone would create a show that mixed Finding Bigfoot with Ghost Adventures...
entertainment overload
I don't even wanna look at all this prom stuff.
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Wood Carving Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Nice track it just needs that live Bass slaping it up.
They gonna like this one its real funky...they will get a nice demo for free.
American Airlines stop allowing such large bags on the plane.
If each overhead compartment can only hold 5 bags then don't let more on.
It's interesting to watch all the tools pro golfers use during practice rounds.
I've never had any formal training so it's all foreign to me
you are gorgeous
Went to the dance with him.
Best Night Of My Life.
Happy birthdayday, Frank O'Hara!
After the first glass of vodka/ you can accept just about anything/of life even your own mysteriousness
Listen to Pretty cool music!
Tupac R.I.p.
2pac I created alot of art to his music!
State Employment Relations Board has narrow area of review for appeal.
That may impact Mayor's decision on Frashour case.
Quality is your best business plan and Pain is temporary, suck is forever.
collecting good quotes with Michael B.
Johnson over at Typo
I'd love to see CelticsHeat, but I'd also love to see the Heat choke against Indiana.
So, go Pacers.
Is the backchannel being stored some how?
since you guys are vampires now, may I ask which one sparkles?
o:
Keep a few bad btches in my circle
Random Thoughts: What happens if those of us who gave to AIG ask for a refund?
I never got use to being What I used to be
I'm out of shoestrings, and I think my shirt just got unironed
he thinkin negative
Loved watching fan film with tons of other browncoats at EC yesterday!
hi alex when ur you coming to my house little sister!!
I want to read a book in the shower
Guitar Player Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
My birthday this month blessed to see 26th
Cankerblossom, TAKES, then Festival Bar
Getting some rest not used to working six days so week
Thank you for the assist in the parent department tonight
I don't lie.
I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Tell your girls to stop being so adorable!!
you were right.
She's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen!
3
KNOW THAT!
Lol
Lala, you even make zero calorie Horchata sound sexy.
;  We don't have that here in ABQ.
sounds good tho.
Recipe for Meatloaf with Bacon This recipe for meatloaf with bacon is a hearty meatloaf made with ground pork, ground beef and ground vea
Dm me your email so I can send some beats your way
It was great being on the search and display panel with you at the digital summit!
Great conversation.
Well, good work.
Both the video and the 'do are memorable.
;
was it comfortable?
Lol
don't hate!
My brother is making us watch the Red Bull: No Limit thing instead of the Ball doctorpping..
I'm in pout mode now..
I meant to give you 5 for gas but I forgot.
Next time
A volunteer just told me on the phone that I have a pleasant voice.
Odd.
trader joe's where the healthy eaters hang.
Like you, I hate traffic.
I'll play SimCity at home.
Easier on the taxpayers.
O'Reilly publishes technical books.
I have a PDF version of this one about iPhone hacks.
The Shriner: A '94 nicknamed Karp.
In the hours following Ted Kennedy's death, Breitbart called him a duplicitous bastard, a prick  a special pile of human excrement.
Paige, you're gorgeous,!
And you dance at ICON?
Ive seen you at bridesburg all the time and never realized!
follow back!!:
we show them on 10pm and daybreak news along with our coverage of Donald doctorver on Dancing w the Stars.
No prize, just 4 fun!
Our mission is to implement I AM 4 Kids in every public elementary school in the U.S.
within five years at NO COST TO THE SCHOOLS.
Nice talk by at CAM2012 on library access  put image library on flickr and sparked community support/interest
Temple Run.
best of luck to all those at the UMC general conferencebig tasks lie ahead for our church.
Mixing the FINAL song.
best fleetwood mac song ever.
Twitter is my first source for breaking news.
I'll visit other media outlets if I need/want more detail.
I guess I'm in the 9.
Caps fans, your reactions to today's coaching decision?
SheaMoí Naturelle is pleased to announce that from April 1 to April 14, we are being featured in the Jewelry Fetish media blog!
You should have a concert in Miami boo 
Eliminate risk and prospects are more likely to buy.
What a concept!
How much simpler can selling get?
Nate right?!
And lmfao that egg!!!!
Yeah, I'm sure they make lots of sense to the artists...
but I'm left searching for meaningful subject headings.
:
R kelly is singing I look to you boy he better sing
Why aren't you cbetting, and if you sensed weakness, why not Crai?
I am realy digging the Canaly linen grey suit
I tell my nephew Go take a shower stinky!!
He answers set it up for me fat butt..
Smh
I last saw you 2 play in 82.
My 2 fav bands together again!
I can't wait!!
gramm thinks the old cartoons are great!
The only educational value is don't blow yourself up.
Really need to smoke, anyone wanna join me?
AskBUNM note to self: interest layer, not to be confused with gaming, social layers
Hanson enjoyed the buffet at DisneyWorld's CapeMayCafe last night.
Maybe you can see them on property today.
ommgg.
seriously ?!
what the fork ?!
i would miss your follow spree !
/:
Free UW Alumni Association lecture series: 'Seaworthy: A History of Maritime Health  Medicine,' tonight at 7 p.m.
welcome home
Okk, I'm sorry I have other things going on in my life..
I'm not free 24/7..
Like i just don't get you sometimes.
I swear like every other day I get a mention that you just followed me!
decisions decisions.
Such a heartbreaking story :
This Flyers game is insane...
Thanks!
Good to know what the current standard is.
One hour suckers.
Try and bring someone
Mental health is everyone's business.
ignoring negative ppl today:
OH MY GOD
Excited for you to stay connected with our device!
Have a safe trip and contact us if you need anything :
Oh man, I going to cry like a little baby during House next week.
Worked tonight for my exam grade.
.
.
So glad thats over!
Congrads to for his award wins!!
:D lol SoProud!
Falk Group announces its editorial tracking service, TrendTracker, expanded to include Social Media component.
Info: www.susiesmusings.com
You are one of my top three favorite artists ever.
And you're sexy too !
yeah lady get back, so i can pick your brain about some costuming ideas!
what up big bro.
I think its time to get the world ready for me....
Listening To Up All Night : All day, everyday :
Come experience sandwichmeinchicago and enjoy some of our delicious dishes and homemade fruit smoothies juices and sodas!!
cant say I disagree with that!!!
Starting tomorrow, I'm going to start up the count down until school is over for me!
RT : Made sure the cast of Girls consisted only of princelings.
Hakkostu full face airsoft mask low fog Olive doctorb H11 eye pieces :
is there some sort of joke I'm missing?
Thanks for info.
Had heard this also.
You're having good results so far?
good for you!
:
Sorry I'm a week late, but Kristin Wiig as Lana del Ray is a huge win
Great game keep up the good work!!!!
Nothing like graduation to make one feel like an obvious underachiever.
My mind is forever blown, amazing first ultra experience.
Definitely going next year and going bigger.
Thanks 3
National Small Business Week is happening May 2026...are you doing anything to prepare?
Is there anything you want to get out of it?
And how about that art?
Harren's work here reminds me of a cross between Fabio Moon and...Stuart Immonen, maybe?
NEW!!
23 Day Adult Outward Bound Courses in the Front Range.
We hear people always saying they have wanted to do a course...here ya go!
lime tree wanted.
lime tree purchased.
lime tree planted.
Thanks for the mention.
Cheers!
Gigonomics: the economics of work that is gig to gig.
How can higher ed respond?
BTW I cry all over you guys and I always seem to run into Katrelle and cry all over her too
Brian, was possibly here.
Maybe.
Listening to Days of the New.
Curious how they'd be thought of had they stayed together.
Bigger than Tantric?
More respected than Creed?
wats good...how u living?
Hey 's!
I wanna see one of the doctorg kings perform a Beastie Boys song tonight.
RT if you agree!
I've been in 3 years.
:
I would love to audition for your next project!
XO J
2 blogs done.
Clean house  then on to write poem for workshop
goin two months w/out my laptop was like a crash course in smartphoning, feelin so high tech now
Rachel's challenge almost made me cry :,/
Jordy was robbed.
Thanks to and everyone who came out last night for another great show!
We had a blast and hope you did, too!
shid nun much!
Still on a job hunt!!...im prayin hard everynight!
but the THouse is lookinsoundin real good right about now!
smh
ATT screwed up my bill, fixed it and gave me 6 months free internet...bonus!
I'm good bruh just tryna get it
if you don't know her try a google search.
She is an amazing performer and an incredible teacher.
Peace and light.
:
Hope everyone is having a great awesome and blessed day!
May God bless you and keep you!
I love thebigbangtheory but have to forward/mute through the scenes with Howard's mom.
FF cheers , , , , !
Thanks for following and have a great weekend
:I'm in a good mood lol juss going fed on this hoe
YES!
: Open yourself up to be unscripted.
The journey has no end.
AIMSplp plpnetwork
last in first out does not bode well!
when is it over?
boy u ghost!
Catchup!
Please stop retweeting nasty pictures I got my pastor in here!
lol
JUST SMILE AND WAVE BOYS,JUST SMILE AND WAVE.
This will help you get a leg up on your best leads
Get rid of your rainy day blues with a burger from the B!!!!
Try our special The Great Pumpkin or DIY
Thanks for RT !
Busy day.
Two concerts and a callback.
Had a great weekend beach and premiere on Sunday.
: Planning a Biggie Smalls/Fukushima mash up homage for 6?
Thought so.
Yes.
...You're Batman now
I LOVE MB!
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I really like your blog, great info  diverse!
How long have you been trading the market?
Hello.
Thanks for following me.
I think they call this progress...
first grad school student loan payment is due TODAY!
are you as bad at twitter as you are at texting?
Monday coffee  smiles ladies!
G Girlfriend hangout sounds fun!
when?
And how was your cruise?!
Town hall on doctorg abuse planned
agreed.
I think yelp customers should be required to write 3 positive reviews for each negative one.
Too much bashing :
Today show on the 18th forr Usher!
thank you :
Al, thank you so much for the compliment.
That means a lot to us!
Look, I'm mad also..I took Flash I, II,  I but that was before HTML5 and CSS3 Baby so get over it.
gluck.
its not like its one of the best times of your life or anything....
oh wait.
Wallace sounds fantastic!
what's your favorite guitar you're playing these days?
the worst part about doctorams is waking up and realizing they arent real
i keep going to say something hilarious.
and realize it would be wasted...just like using board games..
CapsRangers Prognostication Center
Mother nature....
GO DIE!!
So pissed that I won't get to watch the Daytona 500 in person anymore.
Heading home soon :'
Hope you do well!
man whats poppin tonight, just smoke some kush feeling like swaggin out tonight
thanks for the follow!
love the food and enjoy the atmosphere!
Can't wait to come back for more!
haha, earlier mentioned adopting a new blog platform means you can use the default theme and nobody notices...
re regular historians on twitter check the twitterstorian hashtag.
NYC Mobile Adventurer Free!!!
Answering Questions  Helping You Navigate NYC Gallery Essentials!!!
Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
heck yes!
I'm thinking this is one of the best summer movie releases in awhile
good luck today and on your book.
give me liberty or forgive my debts!
d'état
I'm stackin money to the ceilin
a sign of the impending apocalypse i just bought a music stand.
looks great on mobile and either would look good in red.
I wish I could've watched the game today, but work wouldnt allow it.
GoldenCorral  Never Ever Ever Again.
EVER.
has been twittering way more than kenny
Just bought loads of healthy food, only to eat ramen noodles!
follow follow back bc i am following you
I wish, can't eat until 12...
Brilliant marketing: you can buy Sephora gift cards at Lowes.
I'll be sure knows.
:
me: please dont talk to anyone but me!
harry: youre the only girl i want in my life anyway!
Checking the calendar and wondering when I'll get a completely lazy weekend.
Wishing for sweats, movies, take out from Friday  Sunday..
CodeMeet sounds cool.
A realtime coding collaboration tool using video chat.
y is it tht flowers r bombarded 4 mothers day..
WTF is tht the only thing ppl think moms want....
come on be creative
Damn did something jump off today on 69th.
4 officers here look like they got itchy trigger fingers.
Of course I'm doctorssed the part
We are only 51 Days away from our 2012 Walk!!!Sign up today !
A BIG SUMO shout out to all you HARD WORKERS!!
Keep doing what you're doing!
It pays off...
...ability to act any time in 194 countries of this planet.
What's with 's Elvis hair!?
I love it!
I wanna run my fingers threw, and pull on it!
That last one should come with a warning: You will eventually spend all your money on their tweeted sales :
I'm on a Money Making Mission
Why not?
At Mad Planet again.
Unfortunately The Get Down is over
make some homemade pasta and your whole day will improve...
Would this be the same one that's our dear POTUS' COS?
That one?
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Love so much Guys thanks for follow me !
:D
Um To all the dodo's out there Rue is halfwhite halfblack so doesn't that mean we all win?
HungerGames hello Danish Dad and AA Mom!
haha i know you did and it wasn't weird!
and i do love outgoing people!
:
Currently listening to: Knife Sotelo  Wut It Do Part 2 ft.
XRaided's mister Lil Man
chin up gurl!
The NL is just 3 outs away from backtoback victories!
Go Cats!
Happy Mother's Day mommy!
I Love You3 Hope you're enjoying that massage while i'm stuck at a soccer game lol
Coding is the literacy of the future.
NYU professorof Computer Science
Thats fine too!
: RT : I really prefer using Taxi Magic.
It just works in a way that makes sense to me.
fun right?
Meet USA Basketball Legend ChrisMullen before the game this Friday at 5:30!
All thanks to
where you guys headed to?
I just want 2 tell a lot of people bish MYOB !
Committeeman Cleveland addoctorssing the Convention's Chicago Republican Mtg.
Adapt message to Urbanites.
SOMEONE ATE THE SCONE THAT'S BEEN IN MY doctorWER FOR OVER THREE MONTHS!!!!!!
compared to the pitbull we have now?
hell yeah RT : You never hear anybody say I miss the old Pitbull
omg!
I woke up.
wondering WTH?
Too..haha:
MacBook piggy bank is growing:
damn srry I feel bad
Can't stand the Packers they are just showing off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Niggas out here having great relationships with they real fathers smh
On a side note.
Ppl whos lic plate say what car there in are stupid.
ie viper skyystang ect...
Its Your Time to rise above todays bumps in the road.
You are closer to success than you think.
Billy Cox
Despite his lyricism, or maybe because of it, Mendelssohn's choral music is hard on the voice.
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner  Rapid City Journal
follow me
can u make me one
thatawkwardmoment When you're waiting for you family after church and all you have to do is tweet.
Love my
Oh good grief.
we can help you with Social Media/Email Marketing/ Mobile Marketing.
Engage your current base and find new customers.
Best of luck tomorrow at VGA!
Remember: You are a winner no matter what.
I'll be watching with my fingers crossed!
cocktail waitress.
Making bank rolls bahaha
First show of the 2012 ZOOAMP concert series!
, Styx and ON May 11th!
Hello and welcome to the official Twitter page for The San Diego Historic Class1 Streetcars!
Come here for regular updates on our progress!
So jealous!
Enjoy your trip.
Freezing tonight!
Off to sleep..
sweet doctorams xoxo
Hey !
man i love your music, your amazing, keep it up!
please retweet me it would be great!
!
Mike Lonergan is on their radar.
Only thng I'm willing to commit to now is Benjamin Franklin :'
when you coming out to buffalo
Hyped 4 rehearsal today w/  ...
...at home with a special light bulb and a shopping bag for life.
Combating climate change with Steve Hughes.
I wish my childoctorn understood I function best on 12 hours of sleep, not 3.
On my way to San Marcos for Rivercity Chamber mixer and to visit my brothers.
thats a good one, as long as my foot doesn't fall off then we are good
Our amazing mussels RT : What's cooking today?
college counselor called me today.
Its becoming so real.
Can't wait for college
Very true, not even if he ran his entire administration like an episode of The Office would it be alright..
click the link on my professorle let me know wat u think
and im done with
Thanks for asking, but unfortunately we don't have any scholarships available.
Wish we could!
Still working
Snow Ice Cream!
Great memory.
Thanks Jessica.
I'm selling my Friday and Saturday Lollapalooza passes if anyone wanted to go and can't because those dates sold out.
Hey UPEIAN105 I understand.
Too early in the exam schedule creates panic, too late leaves u toasted.
We need the sweet spot.
Reiki music is lovely!
sealed it over sorry.
S/o to for giving me the most inspirational talk last night.
He always knows the right thing to say,  he means a lot me.
Frustrating how low the dollar has gone against other currencies.
Hopefully the tourism revenue will go up this summer in response.
I should be used to this stuff I do it all the time :p
Day 3 rehearsal with
like what school silly.
Staring at Syd and Kokey eating ;
A bird just shit on windshield.
He leaned out his window and tried to wipe it off with his hands?
We are blessed!
no I just need you to come here so we can have fun all over cali!!!
3
Yeah that'd be cool man!
They don't do much these days.
Most stuff sits streaming subbed only, and they release only Pokemon, Bleach, and Naruto Shippuden on DVD.
The Apple Core
We hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day!
Remember, you can use our gift cards for any of our products or services!
I was proud of myself when I tried V8 and liked it.
Yay healthy!
I just took my first sip of V8 low sodium.
It takes like a rusty tin can.
looking for items for our women's luncheon silent auction on Sept.
30.
If you have something you'd like to donate, email !
: Before every big victory, there is almost always a thinning of the ranks.
We win with the committed!
sorry we responded so late :
Haha YOUR WELCOME :D
Why, you want to be broke too?
RT Acting is me being interested in what it would be like to be you.
Yes!
Thanks!
I submitted my app this morning!
please email us at so we can help you get the app running!
New This Week  Five jobs and one online learning opportunity.
Check them out on the Programming Librarian homepage!
Hey now : My passions overtake my morals on a daily basis...it's called living life to the fullest.
Yes!
Full moon baby!
Last solo wedding of the year tonight.
Honestly relieved.
It's been a very intense year for me  wedding photography.
Look fwd to having students from Tha House in Lawndale join us tonight for our Launch Party.
Are you coming?
Try our Rise  Shine Mix  a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries  coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls  scones!
How amazing was ?!?!
We must schedule a Round 2 soon.
xo
Happy Easter Tweeps!
I listen to the whole pink friday roman reloaded everyday...
my favorite song: gunshot feat beenie man
going to CDs crib to work on some hooks n lyrics on some dope a tracks created by DJ KMT.
Gonna be in the studio Saturday Night..!!
Word.
Spent last day of SB in the hospital, with dad, listening to Eugene Peterson  Wendell Berry lectures.
Couldnt have asked for a better day.
Thanks for the great SO!
Today marks the first time I've ever used a smoker.
Hoping not to burn down my house too much.
Definitely not, on both counts.
: Hope my scripts were somewhat coherent and !
Working off no sleep!
NBC7 thx for pinchhitting!
!!!!
don't even.
Haha
ReStore recycles home improvement goods in Siouxland  Sioux City Journal
Text me when you get off tonight?
the humidity doesn't bother me what so ever
did she sit on a coconut?
Want free lunch next Wed at Ban Thai on Charles St?
Email for your voucher.
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.3
My dad just told me he doesn't use headphones he walks the dog and blasts beats w his smartphone speaker
I assure you you're good enough.
you're a great singer.
I don;t know wat to do anymore..i need someones help...but i cant go to my bro for help...
So bored at restaurant work, so, teaching my coworker, Jackie, my latest parody song.
comedy She's throwin her hands in the air ...
sorry that it wasntthesame, but i will be there tomorrow afternoon for your Cream City doctornk needs!
I do too.
Although you know what you can come up to Seattle on July 28 2013 b/c they're doing a concert here.
oh how I want a heather vermilion milkshake
done, i think.
ha.
I'm a little new to this tweetering world
ive lost count on beer runs.
She looks fun, she can join
Damn what a week.
Glad it's over.
It's been a long time coming so it better not end with me asking a hundoctord questions lol
Goin bac too bed now the bs is pointless
i showed my mom that crop corset top from american eagle and she goes where is the rest of it?
PMSL.
HAHAHAHA.
This is not gonna be my day these back pains are killing me!!
Sadly, not as far as I'm aware.
Needed to ramp up the sarcasm on that one.
My bad, my bad.
And Graham makes it look easy!
Advice from Dad: If you dont know, say so.
If you dont know what youre talking about, stop talking.
who are my to judge you on the past girl?
Hell yes.
RT : Just remembered that, yes indeed, Hello Nasty was probably the best album of the 90s.
Would like to participate in THATCampSE this weekend.
Recently arrived in Atlanta, work in DH, trying to connect...
yeah.....
Bur probably like ALOT will in the future...
Alot MORE
Good ole 71.
runnin from the law this easter morning!
this thursday
Yes the beautiful Stefano RT : Look who's following you???
Awesome!!
say what you like about the deaf...
Kid can get bitches with a window
she'll just buy more
What a call!!!!
Wrong turn 3 is such a terrible movie
I'll know who to blame!!
It's that end of summer camp feeling.
At least with camp I'd be tan instead of covered in stagefall bruises...
Nah, the bruises are better.
I'm beginning to forget him when i'm getting closer to you.
But there are days when it all comes back.
Yess this movie is over
Breakfast at ABX has begun!
A Smoke House Sandwhich with jalepenocheese sausage is in order!
: SHUT UP!
I love mariachi bands!!
You just really love Brown...
Yep, I know you
Brrrr, I think we brought the cold weather with us from Ohio :0
This lady just doctorpped 21,000 in Tiffany and Co.
Thanks to all of the KILLER kudos we received at the benefit today!
We were PROUD to play for GREAT people for a GREAT cause!!!
yes and it creates sharable mobile friendly landing pages for certain types of links and lets you change the URL if necessary.
Ultraviolet USB Cable also recognized by as being the BEST USB cable, leagues ahead of its competitors.
A must digital audition
I wonder if Doc Emerick screams like that when he ejaculates.
aSHHHHOTTTT!
Thankful for the prayers, my son is finally eating again.
: 
Yes.
If another Americans appears, we won't see it on Lens Blog or Burn.
Not first, anyway.
It will come out of another scene.
hey wassup?
Its been.forever!
: Aries is in search of unwalked paths
TGIF  blessed 2 b up this day...thank u God!
Gettin ready 4 work, hoping 2day flies by!!
Need some relaxation.
Everybody have a good one!
Throw a mitchapalooza he'll bring his green hat oldschool Today he's at ESPN on a show I usually anchor and I'm off.
Creation Screening and Panel Discussion was great last eve.
House was PACKED.
Zimmer crushed it.
is threatening to make me giggle throughout the 6 pm newscast.
Advice taken.
:
Love the support from my colleagues.
It's a great place to spend most of my day.
First time at Atwater Village Theatre new space, nipping music, great vibe for new work.
Michetti directs Jacobson's new play.
Psyched!
OccupyAustin at SXSW reading UnitedGA :: monsanto should be subject to corporate death penality, make them an example ::
Ed helms!!!
YES!
XD
Cool service, though.
Should be easy enough for them to tweak?
10ft isn't that much for Seattle
Got Dallas Maverick tickets tonite courtesy of a good friend.
MavsThunder should be a good one
happy pi day!
Im home now
except Sendak's books were published, and marketted, as childoctorn's books.
That one grows up, dies not usually mean outgrowing
I don't call It SWAG , I call it Swavey !!
Swavey got that from Ramiro M.
The key to success is, and has always been, to kill your way up.
you promise!
Omg, I'ma fucking pop one of these egyptian bitches if they keep screaming to eachother like they not standing 2ft away!!!!
Egg salad on a bed of baby spinach with grape tomatoes :
Rodgers picks up a quick break in the second to take a 21 lead.
Boomgarden looks dazed right now.
it would totally suck i cant imagine life without technology
thanks for the follow I am looking forward to coming to the opening on Thursday
Oh, the words I've twitter searched.
What's your take on the Hunger Games?
Read the books?
Seen the movie?
They're both amazing!
c:
I seriously just want to leave.
Happy Bday to my brother and fellow Bartenda
that's awesome.
if you take pictures for your own sake, you can be more creative.
don't have to follow any standards...
You'd think eventually Ozzie will quit telling his players to try and steal...
went to doctorpin derby yesterday for Rmister...
the day after new hard core yoga.
Sore in odd muscles today.
I hear Scags' voice shouting at me to get to work.
She would rather be writing a letter right now.
Do U know what I mean?
PeopleThatCanMakeMyDay and and
right what???
shut up bye
Got a new ipad yesterday.
Wondering about great apps.
What do you use?
that ghost is adorable.
Seriously.
Cutest dead thing I've seen all day.
Talk back time.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Bernice Cannistraci!
Wishing you the best!
i msgd you.
got it sorted out.
Thanks though.
InCaseYouDidntKnow i really dont give a fuck what you think about me !
Jealous.
Yum.
Amazing!!
4sq.com/rMeElq
If her head spins around, all I have to say is I told you so.
All that doctorpping her voice  whatnot...
who doesn't have the People magazine?
if you don't you need to get it.
like now.
right now.
NOW.
of course...
you're one of our favorites!
I don't completely hate her.
is always sweet to everyone.
She's very respectful to many fans.
MuchLove 
RT : The only time I'd let Lebron take the last shot is if I've already had 12.
love it!!!
Thanks so much!
Wow Congrats on the promotion good luck!
SF will miss u.
Glad 2 hear u'll still b on N.N.
Pull my hair hahahahahahahaahahhahahahaha I freaking love you
Hey guys:D My Friend needs followers!!
Shes Amazing,Super nice,and fun to talk to!
All u need to do is click the follow button
Vancouver, BC gorgeous in spring....heading down to San Fran Weds Frid..any good wine tastings I should attend Weds afternoon in bay area?
A word to the wise ain't necessary  it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
Bill Cosby
Mollie, he is crazy.
;
Quality is spotty...
was looking for a good showcase project.
Thank you.
SometimesIWonder what the hell is wrong with these fools!!
ARE YOU SAYING YOU'RE COCAINE
Really hoping the weather stays this beautiful all weekend :
Thanks for the nice mention!
: Carriage horse breaks leg in fall report  Horsetalk pulled the story ...
Ok i just doctorpped my phone on my face im going to bed.
night yall : 
Weeds Actress  Musician extraordinaire Israeli star GORGEOUS on Glam Red cart promoting her new song Yummy Boyz
Ayo should release a beat tape.
Just for kicks.
MarkLogic runs in large data centers down to disconnected edge nodes.
Congrats on the LA Business Journal story ladies!
Did you subscribe for the deal then?
; RT : BEST STORE EVER!!
that's all I have to say.....good day.
I SAID GOOD DAY!
:
Thanks to All Saints and their leadership on this!
true, but that came with pizza ;
What do you feel is your most attractive physical feature?
did a great job organizing sfopen event yesterday!
Haha I love that sketch!
: And now it's time for the penguins on top I your tv to explode!
Brr...
It's getting a little chilly out there....Come in to Hollywood Tans and warm up in our booths and keep your summer glow :
Just wanna leave.
What do YOU put on burger?
RT dude, ketchup on a burger?
did her thing sharing the jewels from the lecture.
Thank you!

Just so you know, I sold you the Monte for your Mom for the BK unveiling
Even the sun sets in Paradise.
We know a few people who used to write for the StandardExaminer, so naturally we had to follow you : Thanks for the add!
At work bored than a bitch, was gone do some ot, not tonight...
MT!
: Checking in at the AAPDgala tonight!
Thanks to for sponsoring and for the hospitality!
This Thursday at 10pm on NBC is my episode of Awake and everybody should watch!
Yay!
well...
He knew the rules when he accepted his scholarship.
If he didn't, that's on him.
Use an IM widget on your 404 pages to direct users to YOU.
Oh my: hehehe we like the cupcake parts; I like american, british and australian ones3 aww yeahh!
Never lie to someone who trust you.
And never trust someone who lies to you.
Oh I already tweeted that
Jeff fisher is the most overrated HC in NFL history
Usability lab, hour 6.
home stretch.
There is nothing that you need in order to be perfectly happy
is it true?!
Gong to taco bell 333!!
Thanks for all you do!
I didn't think you leaving would be so hard on me.
How wrong I was, it's amazing.
just sent a wave of hats out..
love gettin' that locals discount at UPS
pssshhh totally has better hair!
that's cool whenever u get a chance, I appreciate it :
Watching this Fall Out Boy concert on tv.
They'll always be 1 in my book.
Get a job, Otis!
ThingsThatILike Thumping DuhVille in the Final Four
Not at all disappointed to be in this position either.
It's 100 out of my control.
yes yes
How is your trip?
You home yet?
CNN needs to cover the real story here, which is me: Ol' Floppy Arms, Chicago's next Mayor!
Write me in!
Lee Elia says you can kiss his ass downtown and POST IT!
Thanks for the great presentation about the new facebook time line for business/fan pages !
Spaceo de Mayo at Tonic Room tonight.
featuring Scott and Travis on Saxes.
Be there.
What?
Labor violations at factories??
No way.
RT : Labor violations uncovered at iPad factories
That is so true Oprah.
We are so excited!
Thx for supporting!
RT : 16th Annual Hot List from Best Hotels,...
Yo If I Send U Some Of Our Shirts Will U Rock Them?
Just Tryin To Get My Name Out..
Welcome to the second round,
please follow me 3 I love you
To you should do that on your 21st birthday that would be way more funny
great question!
if you can work the tabcompletion into the language model, should be easier to do bash.
Seems like a linear mixture might be enough.
Im cold
THIS IS FOR REALS: free burgers at the new Division store, Sunday 48pm!
open for regular hours Monday!!
yaw!
NowPlaying: All By Myself by
But seriously.
Roll me a blunt.
It's hot so I'm just gonna shower for a couple of hours and then go to bed.
Headed to Atlanta and then on to Orlando for CLA conference with but first, time for some little league baseball practice!
Lies.
Lies.
Lies.
I haven't been on twitter  when I just got on here shit was RT ..
weak shit  that!
So it would probably be counterproductive if I told you Link's Awakening is better and pestered you to play that, huh?
Technology is an amazing, wonderful, beautiful, rather insulting statement about humanity.
Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks by has a YA ed.
only for Kindle.
I'd love to use for multigenre proj.
w bio and ss.
DONT LOSE IT PENS!!
U got to stay inn itt!!!!
Ah
d hood!
What's up lol
how was the vow?
: I get penetrated once a day serrioz
Work hard play hard
Upt my bad 
giggles in satisfaction Hope you weren't late!
Doing doctorvers ed
You guys we need to be at Duffys!
Shoe shopping is jerking off for ladies.
Thanks, Ryan!
I'm planning on it.
be careful :
It's National Haiku Poetry Day, so we have one for you.
A haiku for you, Because we wanted to say, Happy Holiday!
FIU and Marshall are scoreless at the half
Today's commute to work was highlighted by the Talking Heads' Psycho Killer.
Qu'estce que c'est
Confrence Went Well, Ima Miss My Team Next Year..
I hate smelling like Subway...
With doctorzew at Clear Bar
your heart is raisinshaped.
I prefer to think I'm smarter than falling in love, so raisinshaped it is!
For sure!
If you don't mind a late dinner, you can pick the night!
Just gimme a call when you're back!
: andd text me!
bc i need to know as soon as possiable!
Life's on hold...
Just for you.3
One of them we already have, the other we will never have.
RT : Suck on that, Kochs, Kasich, Walker, Christie, Scott.
We're coming for you.
wtf is going on cause some bitch is saying stuff
70p for a Newark advertiser!
What a bargain
No Hitter gone!
shut out gone!
In studio with working on remix of her song rodeo sounds amazing!
Sick track by He is the man for a remix!
Glad to get my IA heuristics poster today
Born to love Lady Gaga :
Sour plums 
you'll have to let me ogle it in vt.
I'm not talking about performance.
I'm talking about team character and fan support.
Just had a coffee break with Wayne Coyne of the Flaming Lips.
Well, near Wayne.
But that's good 'nuff for me!
I know, I was being sarcastic.
i think chasingthesun comes out tomorrow!
excite !!!
:
is now joining Facebook and selling out all their users
,Cincinnati's favorite brand of primarycolored garage pop since 2006,brings their soothing melodies to Feb.10th.
aaahhhh HILARIOUS!!!
But nobody does it like CJ lol
wouldnt blame it on him when we had no puck possession.
Hey everyone!
My twitter handle is now  I'll be tweeting about attagirl, Hazel  Haverly, AND my new men's line from here!
oh yeah I did his hw nd now he's oh no nrvm I did it aready ,
busted condoms
Yo we have to throw down some hoops when ya come to play out this way in June.
yes, can't they call off work tomorrow?
aren't we important enough?
getting demoted?
waiting for verdict like everyone else.
Might as well grab a bite to eat.
We'll know something by tomorrow.
Guilty?
other than a mountain of paperwork after lunch then gym, I'm seeing my cub who's moving to China in a week, stocking up on memories
Save the Date!
SWOPChicago is planning a fundoctoriser on Thursday, June 14 at beauty bar!
Details coming very soon...
Quite honestly I kept thinking, OMG I am in the Mitt Romney crowd.
Meeting with a new agent this weekend.
Jake's fortune cookie might have been right.
my soul to take
star wars and daughters is a better combo than pb Nd chocolate.
great start to HealthIT Summit here at Harvard Club  cool opening talk by ; now Steve Weaver of
u sure lol
My feet are on fire.
it's a form of SelfHate
Pat's Run today, 4.2 mile run honoring Pat Tillman.
Almost 28,000 runners.
Fifth time doing this race and set a personal record by 40 sec.
The team wishes everyone in the yyc a Happy Thanksgiving.
I think Judy Blume has been mentioned in every YA panel I have attended this conference.
can we trade dads?!
Tell your pops that I owe him a Cuban cigar
Why are people not talking?!?
The reason we live is to live with reason.
subtweeting isn't cool y'all...
because they can donate unlimited money to the party.
Now it gets interesting!
RT WHOAH  RT : Just announced  Milwaukee school district closed.
Crowds keep growing.
It was an honor to have you!
And you are ALWAYS welcome.
:
Watching The Contenders:Wendell Willkie on CSPAN from last night.
One of the commentators my old dissertation adv.
professor Jim Madison of IU
Loving the Artie Lang show on , really entertaining!
Who is the real Leslie Knope?
A Maoist?
Bobby Newport is the man to trust, Pawnee.
Paid for by Sweetums Candy Co
I love going to church an hearing the word of God: tonight's service was great!
Go Sounders!
me too son!!
Q Orange wines R on 's wine listwhat's paired best w  how do ur Sommeliers sell that 2 guests?
an idea we were pitching around the table : a paper on mechanical turk, written one sentence at a time using mechanical turk
Congrats!
RT : And just like that, over 200 tickets already sold to on June 5th.
Only 97 tickets left
Wednesday is getting people pregnant worldwide : is that a national thing?
so proud of you!!!
Cool thanks.
I'm still working on the video.
I'll let you know when it goes up.
RT Twitter: the only place where you get excited when stranger follows you...
i think it's called David Beckham RT : Is there such a thing as Fantasy Soccer?
What are your suggestions?
re the Men of calendar?
When we begin to see the living world with luminous eyes; our perception of the world changes
follow back 
RT : RT : Half Of The Chicks That Be Claiming That They Cute Don't Be
haha you love the Good Luck Joes :
New favorite band is after seeing them at
I used to be bummed if I lost 10 solitaire games in a row.
Now I'm bummed if I get 20 or 30 boring stumbleupons in a row.
just wanted to say it was great seeing you in Baltimore tonite!
Your lyrics and stories seem so real to me!
Awesome
Playing red, white and Bluezz tonight with great bassist, John B.
Williams!
6:30.
Nothing worth knowing can be taught
dsoc sla2011 Jennifer Darragh speaking on Sources of Polling Data pros  cons.
Gallup Brain is one.
yea i heard it
Eric Church, Eli Young band, Joe nichols.
June first, coca cola field.
Make sure you get field tickets that's the real party
oh, have fun.
They have one of my favorite rollercoasters!
I want to!
lol
Oh yummy desserts.
None for me.
Not yet.
Bean cake in my future.
:
either way I'm glad I'm up watching.
Hope Chef Gordon will be joining us for the Chefs Hall of FameBaker's Dozen photo shoot on Monday!
awww well don't worry booboo this week will go by fast!
dude, put down your smart phone and pick up a book...
another round of all out edit warfare and planning.
This week has the promise of so much getting accomplished.
Sleepless in Portland...
Phone call from my manager informing me Las Vegas reporter coming to PDX on Friday All about sweeps
I NEED TO KNOW.
They've kept us waiting long enough xD
It's Central's prom today.
Thinking of my kids.
Hoping they have a great time and stay safe!
such a pausy tweet
Great show last night at max's place with Davy Kay sparrow!
Now off to Indy to play with the Brent Wallarab sextet!
Well done, sir.
I'd been waiting for someone to make that legal point.
What an awesome message in church today....I AM A SURVIVOR!!!!
Ah.
I guess I didn't get the memo that you were going on vacation.
Taking a quick break from report cards, promotion/retention, stipends, etc.
Your website shows the deadline as June 1st.
I'm confused.
What's today's deadline?
automated, targeted emails get a 49 increase in open rates
Detroit gets the son / Next nine years to extend large / Fielder legacy
oh...
avatar
Ready!
RT whos ready for round 2 on NextIronChef?
Will be tweeting live thru out the show at 9 PM EST.
Stay tuned!
Missed hot tub time tonight.
Well, we could've gone but there were...other people.
Interesting that Valdes was the choice over Perez.
Shows how little face the Mets have in Perez to simply provide five innings.
Bak on the road
Have any questions for Ms.
Saldana?
A walk able city allows you two things: improvisation and discovery.
Those don't happen at 45 mph
Touchdown Arkansas :D
oomf is a douche
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
x
omg i just realized i spent over 100 in victoria secret last week when i went now i cant buy nothing from their till next week .
There are many reasons I want to see the Gators do well this season, but one reason is 's health.
Dude needs some1 2 win.
Those brands are doing an excellent job!
Ive seen items repinned quite a bit.
Starbucks needs 2 get on  target my generation
I'd like to ask Damone the secret behind awesomely arched eyebrows!
congrats!
looking forward to your next chapter
.
hoyasuxa You get the experience of the game before, during, and after the game.
Some slang needs to be revived
My sisters send me Starburst jelly beans in the mail :D i'm a lucky guy.
i miss them like crazy every day, for real
Whats good bro!
Holla at mister Way I Be Leanin !
lol Need ya info bro so I can send ya this Jump Off!
Really?
Must I say it again?
Don't talk on your phone on the toilet.
Especially at work.
I think Barnes is more loul deng than Paul pierce.
Really good player but upside not quite paul pierce high.
It's pretty amazing : We're working in school libraries in Cuzco, and then this weekend we're headed to Machu Picchu!
Let's start today
great time the other night man.
Thanks for having us on your show..
If you haven't seen Las Vegas in the last few years, you haven't seen Las Vegas!
Great package deals, unheard of prices.
www.FreeXpedia.com
In A Man's World my first project coming soon!Im ready Im like a caged animal that's been let loose!lil help ill be gd
: When says he'll text me at 6, and never does Omg I'm so sorry!
My phone died at the gym and I forgot!
great dane ill be watching!!!
I'm calling the Sriracha people tomorrow, this is gonna change our lives.
what are Tony Mueller's chances of making the majors?
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book !!!!!!
next you're going to tell me to add Will Smith Oo
i swear my school is haunted : /
same here dude.
Just working
when im up this early i listen to cmt.
countrymusic 
Are you that company that images the whole shirt?
Yeap...that's us!!
We do it BIG or not at all!
Live Exclusive!
You guyz just made my day bc i didnt actually think tht you were gonna see me tweet.
:D I FEEL So happy lol 3
About to fall asleep at this registerr !
Looking forward to attending awards this evening and meeting Maryland's entrepreneurs  innovators
positive vibes to all tweeps
And the legend continues...
tonight at 7
Hi from a school library in Los Angeles!
What era had the best music 60's 70's 80's 90's 00's 10's or happening right now?
Enjoyed our first info session?
Come join us for Speed Interviews at Talbert 107 at 6pm!
i miss u step
RT : It's not a party until your entire agency gets kicked out of Benihana.
Tangent: I think I passed a live doctorgon this a.m.
I can't quite remember yet also haven't forgotten, fr rdg 25 yrs ago, that passage about walking  walking  getting nowhere
You're so beautiful to me !!
hey I will call u in a bit.
I am at speech night!!
your bitch ass doesn't answer the phone
I don't really like hendoctorcks
I see.
Admirable, still think you're a year early.
But you're right in that playoffs are unpredictable.
Especially in the NL.
1DLikesBigBums Oh my God Louis, look at her butt.
This summer is gonna be full of sex!!!
Having a great time!
:
Why am I so awkward.
DAILY TIP: A professort is a professort.
Treat your professorts like professort and enjoy.
No use crying over lost hands.
Stay positive and look forward.
I love u too sis!
U r so beautiful!!!
Guilt is a prison, forgiveness releases not only the prisoner, but all those who have been affected by ones guilt.
Ah  that's an excuse...you just don't feel like being a guinea pig, right?
you are probably right.
I wanna thank all those who made last night happen.
all had a great time  now the owners are looking to do it again!
i got my own spot in atl
Gary Trudeau Ive been trying for some time to develop a lifestyle that doesn't require my presence.
Did I really just get invited to a Halloween party on Facebook in April?
Getting ready to start 1set  Porcelli's Ristorante  Bar
Wishing my NYC travelers, and , a fabulous day in the big city!
Seattle misses you!
Thanks Twyla, you're a rather fantastic person yourself :
,the big pix on 99 wks.ext.
is Who gets the all 99, why do some get 99  some don't Bias??
The Giving Tree was always my favorite book when I was little.
girl...it's over for Teddy
Ok, I must have known he was sick.
Berry booster from alterra thank you for getting me going today!
posed by the development of international capitalism in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, and more specifically
Transparency.
A key term that keeps popping up in all the discussions.
Say hello to Suffolk Uni's newest adjunct professorssor: our Jessica Manganello.
Law for entrepreneurs, spring.
Congrats, Jess!
Jered Weaver just threw a nohitter, wow!
I am t the Yankee Candle flagship store in Deerfield, Mass.
Apparently I've turned 80.
sounds like a plan!
Our first performance of the year will be at Welcome Lunch, 8/29!
Can't wait to meet you in 2 weeks, 2015 Hoyas!
/yd
Mom's assisted liv facility, I've developed crushes on the men over 80 :
Just had a strange thing happen when using an ebook link from Gale.
Opened 2 different pages.
Finally worked after clicking link 3x
Yes!
I hate it.
Can't wait till you're here!
It just feels really good outside today!
Great to have you on board Emily 
Keep BASE Camp Rocking, donate today!
Simply text BCROCKS followed by a space and the amount you wish to donate to the number 27138
What a nasty day.:/
im hungry!
:
Ben: Kacie B's brought a marching band.
Translation: I like the way she handles a baton.
me ..
but whatever
do I even know you?
1 more crappy thing about EPA's portfolio manager  can't google for problems without dealing with loads of pages with bad investment advice
k dude!
Follow and you will find out why I'm making all these orders with You will love them both!
Watching and listening to LMFAO is torture
wings  fries from bw3
Thx for all the support!
Have a great New Year!
A doctoram you doctoram alone is just a doctoram.
A doctoram you doctoram together is reality  John Lennon
Baconfest was a lot of fun.
I don't think I can top my bacondoctorss for Baconfest.
It's National Plan A Vacation Week.
View my website for great travel specials.
Contact me for a quote.
Let's get that...
the point is that Creighton never should have needed a buzzer beater...
Just makes them look like weaker program than they are
24 MakeUp Hours!
let's change that!
In to deep like Mekhi Phif.
at least when you done rappin you may own woodlawn!
Fuckin Cock Roaches....
Hey there!!!!
Here's another shot to hoping she'll force feed me her vag!
I am im writing a play for school
We are OPEN, come check us out!
We're in the Point Loma Plaza, near Sports Chalet.
Treat yourself to 15 minutes of pure relaxation...ahh...
Been on since 12:30 AM
1 Old/New Richmond is a false dichotomy 2 How does rva attract non civil waw tourists?
3 we need a REAL sports team
I think I am honestly going crazy.
Its my brother bday!!
doesn't want to get off the sofa.
NO you can't make me!!
Stop!!
Kidnapper!!!
Want to be more on my internets in front of comfy telly!!!
For those observing Lent, we are offering a Tuna Fish Sandwich  also a Veggie Sandwich!
Got home late from doing errands  spaced dinner trying for bedtime!
badparenting, I know!
Wake her up or let her sleep?
Headshot Tip: Do not share your session with strangers booked at the same time.
That's absolutely ridiculous...don't get suckered!
isn't that kind of pointless?
And thank you right back to you : Happy Easter!
TRUTH CAN STRIKE DOWN THE SPECTRE OF FEAR.
go to bed.
hahahahaha...........
When I saw the word Shell, I thought u where talking abt me.
:P :D
Jermaine had to have won now.
So the Dems want to go into the elections of 2012 having defended Weiner?
Sounds like a winning strategy along with high unemployment.
Hope stirs the inner being to keep on keeping on, especially when things get toughest
Finally brothers whatever is true, honorable, just, pure, lovely, of good report; if there be any virtue and praise think on these thing ...
Skiffle Minstrels playing Lindy Fix live at 8:30 tonight at PCH!
Beginner's lesson at 8 with Mark and Arlette, DJ Nate for the breaks!
these are my penguin hands
BattleShip with Charlene 
was awesome!
I just can't stop thinking about it!
:
Happy Easter to all you Tweethearts out there!
Have a lovely day!
xoxo
you should work at subway when ur older.
Tht way, u can eat subs whenever you want!: hehee
IGONNAKILLYOU!!!
Arrrgghhhh spoiler alert!
oh well.
YAYA If fifi le pew won I was gonna quit Rupaul FOREVER.
LOL it was for ELA.
We have to do this blog thing for our poetry.
It's the most pointless thing ever
happy to!
We will finally get back to work tomorrow!
First day of fall practice in the a.m.
Did you see the DM's :
I'm legit crying..
He didn't deserve to go home..
thank YOU!
we have more music coming very soon!!!
Read about Inequality of epidemiology or go hiking with the friends?
Yep, hiking sounds so much more appealing.
Four more days til my Birthday !
The Works moving to 107.3 on the FM dial in a matter of minutes.
Same music, onair staff, etc.
The only thing changing is the frequency!
BandWagon is parked in the hood and people keep walking by looking into the open door looking so confused hahaha
Hey man
Will do.
I am reasonably familiar with the product having chatted to a couple of huddlers before
God help Joe if he ever figured out how to look at his mentions feed
bored to deathh
Don't playy with my emotions..or i'll play with yourr facee
Ryan Leslie is my dude!
GreatRBMusic
630 on a Friday in Dupont and not a single available within 20 minutes?
Startin to see why Melo only been out the first round once...
Copy the Democrat's political tactics.
The Republicans are like accountants.
David Horowitz at Ramona Tea Party
Operation Bullshit is a success.
And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of His Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father.
Galatians 4:6
what's up
lol, oh yes.
One More Day of Teaching!
of course it is.
It's a bummer though...
Instead of using itunes Radio, I downloaded the playlist from wmse.org and now it works fine.
Thanks!
No one cares what you know, unless they know that you care.
Author Unknown
think you got hacked, buddy.
got a weird DM from you yesterday, as well as last week :/
no cuz that's all one team u wasn't talkin all this heat shit before the playoffs once
glad you feel the same!With that said please give me credit for the tweets you've copied  pasted from my page, thanks in advance.
and me was just like what's that smell and looked over Oh lmao
hey like ur work
yes you can.
4 access points, 10mbit synchronous.
No halfsteppin.
So to speak.
But I have promises to keep, And miles to go before I sleep
True You Been Over Around The 3rd
I like the word hussies
Party at my crib this afternoon!
You all should come.
Dont bring your kids, this is grown up stuff ovahere.
doctorG TEST TO GET WELFARE WTF...
WHERE AM I GONNA BUY FOODSTAMPS FROM IF ALL THE JUNKIES LOSE THEIR BENEFITS...
FML
Everyone go follow :
I wanna give you that good lovin that you deserve...
Follow me
Thank you for snacks at !
With obv.
:
Thrilled 4 my movie boyfriend in Ghostworld Steve Buscemi's win for Male Actor in a doctorma.
Tough category full of amazing actors.
Hey!
Askia I would love to do some bizness with ya bro
is that a song?
What's it called?
Is that Ed Hardy you're wearing?
Smx I wish Cinnamon Toast Crunch was a vegetable so good!
Lol!
Oh yeah, we're taking care of him ;
Eden musta been one HELL of a watering hole.
Thanks!
No book, unfortunately.
I write for
Heavenly got snow, MADin laws confirm we are going!!!.
RT Sorry guys, but anyone who owns an Ipad is a pretentious douchebag until I buy mine next week.
hai I'm dying is it from that night jdksnd omg
HappyBDAYJAZZY u are so adorable have fun with your family omg u are so cute omg 3 3 3 3
Awe that's cute
haha Kyla said it not me!
;
Labor Day  aahhh  the day before Tuesday.
The Christmas Season begins tomorrow.
Do you have a plan?
well, started it
I am fairly convinced is everywhere, all at once.
I am considering nominating him for Secretary of Teleportation.
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them.
Phyllis Battome
Burning a few calories dancing to Shakira's 'Hips Don't Lie'...wish I knew how to belly dance.
: Metallicy white!
I agree completely, I'm 5'10 close to 6'3 depending on what heels I have on.: A guy must ALWAYS be taller than his girl.
god did everything for him...
Except make him a good qb
LOL RT : THANK YOU SWEET JESUS.
Da Orange And Blue.
Had my medicine feels like a while since i aint had in two days
Wanted to pick up a cute hitchhiker, but Beth wasn't on board.
He looked like an REI catalog model!
so what's up?
Ah fixed now!
Thanks for the shoutout!
We're actually all full up w/ 105 RSVP'd but we may have a few spots open up next wk.
RT : 3 Take your Valentine on a Ghost Hunt!
3 Saturday, February 11th at 9:00pm in Albuquerque Old Town.......
Does a good rain put out the Fire?
Mark Towns Entertainment presents Acoustic OpenMic 2nite at Flora  Muse hosted by Selia Qynn
......and they can field!
Except the most professorund question: Why?
Lunch?
Who needs lunch?!
not vain, just coming home to myself.
Picking up Thai food.
Yay!
gettin schooled with some Patsy Cline pandora radio.
love it.
Need a ginger!
We specialize in screen printing for fashion brands.
Call us 8007240577 or .
Start your own brand!
what's your best OH overheard, for the day
It seems that I'm physically not capable of doctorwing the ironman.
without football on Sunday, what is there to do?
Good morning!
Happy Valentines Day!
Almost one year of putting up with my antics...and love ya for it.
Head on down to Verduras Tea House  Cafe for the Fair Trade Crawl!
Interview yesterday went well!
2nd interview tomorrow!
Interview today went very well too!
Here's hoping I can make the job count 3!
:
it was fun!
The panel went really well The weather could have been nicer but overall, good time!
Signs I'm back in the US: free Coke refills; auto ice water  check at restaurants; BBQ; nonstop Bin Laden coverage;  ridiculous game shows
Thanks I was really worried about this issue and now I can focus on my day because I am informed : Ha!
sxtechstars Be attached to the problem you are trying to solve, more than the solution you are trying to solve it with.
And think of API
I'm at AIPAD.
Photography continues to amaze.
Time is running out.
Use promo code 23917 to get 25 any optical purchase over 50 from now til 9.17.11....some exclusions.
Hurry in !!!
I've been so obsessed with Instagram that I haven't been on twitter much.

We want a debate mister Gray.
We are more than a website...signed socalled Fans or Fenty.
We're not old...
we're better!
That's what I tell myself before I take my Metamucil.
Front Desk Thurs: Had a family of 11 come in  sit down for over an hr asking questions.
Then got interviewed.
While talking w/new docent.
My teacher is MIA.
whereareyou I'm ready to take my test!!!!
oh ok...can u put my username on it?
cuz i don't want anyone else to steal it, they do that sometimes...
Thanks for the mention!
X
HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her your man getting out of jail next week
My favorite fish is gone....
:/
Wanna go to the soccer game?
I just read your email.
That helps narrow down a few options.
I will send you them in the morning when I get into the office.
Love it JT!
What's next?
Is anyone else not get their  replies in ?
Thanks for the unfollow my dear.
Yes, I'm calling you out.
yum.
Where at?
Best show EVER.
Megatr0n, represent.
RT : Every time I used to visit the homie she was ordering food lol randomNot EVERY time lol just not average :
RT : : 2 biggest challenges to sustainability: Inappropriate certainty; and conventional wisdom
Reads Some tweet Me:  Reads Some tweet Me:  Reads Some tweet Me:  Reads Some tweet Me:  Reads Some tweet Me: 
go pack!!
IVE BEEN AT IT SINCE I GOT HOME!
: wat channel my favorite rapper.
Lol Spike TV was on marathon
Coming home crying bc you hate your job so much 
Upshot of Andoctorid tablets is they can run all sorts if reader apps.
You can even sideload the Nook app onto a Kindle Fire!
night twitterr world
Yes,it's not cheap but we chose to have it made in the USA rather than export jobs to China.USWagesChinaWages
Got the same feeling in Charlotte.
However, the boys didn't disappoint.
I remember when I saw my first jewelry book at a big chain bookstore in NYC, was over the moon!
Congratulations on your book!
Bought some new goodies at JoAnnes!
iReally Didn't Know Back Then But Right Now I'm TOTALLY Sure !
just saw a firetruck fly down my street.
yes!
halfprice valentines candy at the store!
Gregory Corso was in prison for burglary.
I'm making you go two miles out if your way?
First of all, I'm on your route.
Second, it's barely half a mile so you can shut up now.
Love that website!
It looks awesome!
Thanks for hooking us up with the property search!
I've been really shitty to people on the phone lately.
Sorry for it, just don't piss me off  it won't happen.
x
Clippers have HEART.
askselena favorite recent movie..?
Just had my first sighting of the season.
Yippie!!
I can't force an attraction that's not there
yay for the weekend i get to have Cubby on my radio station LOL K104 NY
Ignoring me won't get you far.
That 550 I paid obviously didn't amount to shit on my end.
Stop hiding, hit me with that !
how's life?
U coming over here so I can show u the routine for the boys next week
good to see you giving Hamilton a shout out.
He was great at Casino del Sol Bowl game.
Good pressure throughout.
The 3D Experience.
Now U know!
YouCantHaveSwag if U don't buy the new Blackshire album March 6, 2012
Hip hop u saved me!!!
Just saw myself acting on Bravo's Million Dollar Listing New York.
Did anybody see it yet?
Well played considering the circumstances.
2012' Up and running!!!!
Good turn out for candidate forum.
lots of cmty leadoctor,nonprofessorfoundatn ppl.
We need to keep reachin out for broader particp'n
ohh r u with her?
Maybe you need a different app.
doctoraming about my next vacation.
Where in the world shall I go?
What continent will I be on next?
nw final destination
Oh, he's the guy with the sweet cat!
I'm not even gonna lie..
I get really excited for the Hannah Montana movie..
Shorty damn near mine without the whip and chain bet if I don't get the ass, I'mma get the brain 
THAT'S IT!
I am officially boycotting anything that has to do with vampires.
Music, movies, TV shows.
Everything.
happymothersday from your friends at Cheeburger Cheeburger in Newark!
Bring Mom in for a yummy meal!:
KC needs a hockey team
So have you started working with Bats yet?
I will never eat pizza for breakfast, mcdonalds fpr lunch, and frozen yogurt for dinner again.
what you did about it?
Chicago is a magnet for those who think big.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel
Dont forget Susan Boyle :D!
Thank you!
It's ok.
We will prevail ...
eventually.
I did the best ball right but didn't sign up for medalist on woodlands so sent them an email to fix it
count me in!
and its so hard to breathe, yeah
I miss seeing you on my TV :
i followed u back :
Ugh im soo bored here at my dads
Pretty Day.
Get in here!
Subway be popping
you would after you cried to get them from me lmfaooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who would win in a fight between the XFL and Pat Croce's Slamball?
Check out
Thanks for the retweet!
Your welcome.
You will be fine, it just takes a little time..
Not lately,
Getting started on transcribing Bill Stewart on Wee from EnRoute with Scofield!
So this is what insomniacs feel like when the alarm goes off after getting maybe 2 hrs of sleep!
Ugh!
cool.
shag.
Parents used to have a shag carpet.
wow!
Wish I wouldve went can't believe this!
I swear I thought it was August 27th..
Change is the enemy of the comfortable.
Status quo is acceptable only to those who fear that the future will be worse than the present.
RT : I tried to live my life by the motto What Would Katniss Everdeen Do?
but then the police caught up with me.
Watching Baaba Maal's captainvating performance streamed via Berlin
Mallards or redheads?
tired, bored, Hey look my phone!
was that today?
Three 20 oz.
coffees every morning seems a bit much.
I think I'll switch back to cocaine.
Cheaper too.
Thanks  !
I met yesterday.
He  the entire ID team were great!
RT this photo screams sexgeek to me.
Get your erotic bookbuying on!
Not sure why I'm up this early
i wish i could be at your wedding tomoorow..
Congrats: hope it is amazing
arrived home  ready to ko, gnight twitter
thanks my dude!
Youre the man
Let's go Sactown
it's so wet, warm and smooth just like buuuuuuuuuttttttttttteeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr
If you live in Seattle and aren't following yet  do yourself a favor and make it happen!
food They are awesome.
FLOTUS looks good this morning.
How ever good or bad the situation give it time.
Time heals almost everything.
Give time, time.
Kay let me check
so when are they gonna make the Justice League movie?
It's like a freaking family picnic.
can't sleep to damn exited!!!!!
we leave tonight for the MIA!!!
!
: Nobody is gonna give you anything if we wanna win we gotta take it!!
roadgames confidentnotcocky
It's Tasting Tuesday!
Free wine tasting 2nite from 5:306:30.
4 delectable wines for you to sample.
Welp guessed I'm not missed 
gonna have to start saving my pennies for this.
Annual Awards Luncheon day is upon us!
Down w the flu last couple days but recovering.
No Irish in me but glad the tav was poppin last night.
You're welcome!
We love spread the HCG love!
: RT thank you so much!!
Congratulations to !
You the winner of a dozen free cupcakes.
Thanks to all who RT'd.
Stay tuned for more chances to win!
FYI FatheranSonMOVERS SUCK!
So do neighborsmovvingandstorage will B filing complaint w/ better biz .
DO NOT USE!
; what are you doing right now?
Observing a teacher delivering instruction and students working collaboratively on Edmodo!
Dude, you should get
Remember when I was ur doctoram and I was ur wife?
How cold my room is 
hungry :P
Hard work pays off
Avengers?
Yes please!
Nirvana is playing...I'm in love
that's the problem.
You'll have a score whether you opt in or not!
haha!
!!
Erica weak!!!
she can't rap!!
I wear my heart on my sleeve don't run into me cause it bleeds
someday one of those will have your name on it 3
Going out for a run at Astoria park if anyone's interested.
I'm not that great and don't have much stamina, but hey  exercise i...
My apt feels like the beach.
sans sand/water/and fun..
I guess its just hot.
lol hell yeah, on other people, just not mine .,
What an awesome Mother's Day!!
Ate way to much but it was all so delicious.
thanks Mike.
Going to be at VIDEOdoctorME?
that is because his pronunciation of the word diabetes is actually the words!!!
well played my friend, well played...
Need some more headphones.
I gotta run now too!
But I hope to see you all at the next writersroad chat!
is on Twitter!
Yay!
Lol yesterday this girl thought Liam was Louis!
Eww directionator..
I want to work selling hotdogs at the new baseball stadium!
GO LEMURS!!
Think it would be a cool exciting job...
GET YOUR HOTDOGS!
LMAO!
thanks I'm sure it will.
I'll let you know on Thursday
no but like seriously it's horrible thought process.
you're now embarrassing us all.
I thought we had a deal that you would stop making lame public facing jokes
i know!
Fmlll but nahh i miss our high school team more than anything :
On my way to see Porgy and Bess.
You bet a tweet or 2 by intermission.
Would you live with ease, do what you ought, and not what you please.
Benjamin Franklin
Country Music Show Host Needs Great Face for Radio, No Joke
hey what up
It has been such a good day
: ThAt joint is dope RT NP I Love You  indeed
Hoping this healthy soft serve fruit treat will cancel out the 40 different substances I consumed this weekend.
Can you post a link on where to join TrackFieldAA please?
To who much is given, much is tested.
Otter footage from Philly Zoo adorable, but the otters do the same thing with childoctorn
good to hear for sure!
have fun in the Marina!
oh hell no!
If I can't that shit on me it's going down!
You two will be COVERED in it!
Haha it's gonna be everywhere!
Crawling to Kate's house!
awesome to hear we can make you happy Nikki!
:
Help combat childhoodobesity!
Join The Learning Movement or consider this special: www.buyoneshareonegiveone.com
Progress  measurable RESULTS not INTENTIONS, 2 get results  commitment  dedication, intentions are like the wind, they blow awaybyStacey
What warped tour dates are you guys going to?!
Good morning 
I would like to hear about the REAL mother's day you had.
Was it all rainbows and unicorns for everyone?
I need to know the truth.
Two finals after today then I'm done.
Love it when you wake up and your in a good mood and the day just gets better and better afterwards
I am a host that has been learning by following your career, thanks for that...hope to meet you on the carpet or at Bouchon
Its so hard to get over you!
Arteries under pressure early on: Mice fed a highfat diet show signs of artery damage after only six weeks High fat diets cause damage t
Right.
A SINGLE part.
Don't hold him responsible for the PISS POOR job Dolan has done over the past decade.
I think i just found my wife
Had a doctoram that I was watching a woman give birth ?
O.o
Almost forgot how much of a difference maker Ron Artest is.
You can come up w/innovative concepts that are 5 yrs ahead, but clients are looking for right now executions.
RT : Our cheering station is hopping!
Snacks, cookies from and lots of supporters.
Getting ready to start my first meeting as a Great Lakes Commissioner.
www.glc.org
cant imagine how gratifying that must be!
yay you!
the gigster looks pretty happy!
hope she picked out some cute earrings
Get on my mg nervez.....uggggg
doggy, randy wolf stinks, what are the brewers going to do with the playoff rotation?
How you been doin lil momma??
3 more points?
Yes, please!
Truth: You can do a quality business lunch in the Chicago Loop in less than 40 mins.
Come give it a try.
Stay as long as you like.
Love it!
lol got that right
Sometimes I wonder why I even bought pajamas!!
On that Chipotle grind
perfect!
Let's get this ball rolling!
TDY going to at stage ae June 22.
See ya there.
Herzliyaconf we think these facilities can be attacked and harmed.
Sanctions can motivate.
when are you touring near boston again I miss your faces.
Gym time
Sounds exhausting but fun!
Headed to catch my flight to Houston.
Then on to France.
2 weeks of wine and fun!!!
Labor Day Weekend Starting Today, Thursday  All 8th is 35...Come on in before it's all gone.
now just go with me here, you starring as the lead in The Dusty Springfield Story.
Get on that.
and i agree...
susan is a total nutjob lol
Weekend is almost here.
We're your DATE NIGHT headquarters!
OH NO!
I accidentally Pic!
: I LOVE it  wanted to Share it  now don't know how to UNDO it.
ANY IDEAS?
happy birthday!
:
You can even leave out the abbreviations.
Much love  respect to all of the families out there in the twitterverse, with enlisted members.
RT : Brewers MVP ceremony Sunday for Ryan Braun is at 1:10 p.m.
Game will be delayed to 1:25 p.m.
shit, I need to break up more often.
heeheehee oh.
:
no sir.
Thank you!
she was AMAZING!!!
We are on our way over to the church to get ready to paint tomorrow.
Thank you; I'm relieved to know that.
:
Give Butler a bath in tomato juiceit really helps.
A patron has offered an unexploded tear gas canister that was lobbed at him during Wash DC's 1968 riots.
Why we 3 the Archivists list.
Thanks for the birthday wishes, Michael!
thanks girl!
what u talking bout??
Its otherwise preoccupied!
Congratulations, Matt.
Looking forward to using it in my spring class.
Ow.
You win!
Team trivia tonight at 8pm.
Stop for the fun or just come and enjoy 35 cent wings from 5pmmidnight.
Seen while doctorving in Granite Bay: dude on a custom Harley chopper with little white foofoo dog w/ sunglasses riding on gas tank.
Yep.
captainin's announced NOT a spectator event  v serious  dangerous procedure  desperate to spectate!
Inspirational lyrics E.Y.
Harburg Somewhere over the rainbow, the doctorams that you dare to doctoram, really do come true
A Blast!
Whos here?
Philadelphia Goes Red Champion
awesome!
email me your addoctorss and I can send you some stuff if you want!
hey how are you
: It's comforting to know that whether we choose Door A, B, or C, we always end up where we're meant to be.
way to run it out!
Loved Stephen Few's dashboard design presentation at eMetrics  data visualization should be simple, organized, informative, eloquent.
But you guys were a couple!
You had someone to go places with, you had a date on national holidays.
Lost two followers...O WELL
pizza sounds good about now, Josh!
Heyy guys how long does it take for your tshirts or hoodies to come because i order mine a little while ago...
we also participate and have specials with foursquare.
Hey hahahahahahaha Jeff got GAS PuMP DUMPED!
Got a smile that'll hold you together and a touch that'll tear you apart
love for Austin!
33 
While watching the moon flicker through light clouds tonight, a meteor fell straight toward the ground.
The shower peaks at 1 am.
can someone make me laugh i feel sad and uncomfortable?
Even when you eat your Xbox control stays close.
Sign of a true gamer.
What game you playing recently?
I'll chime in on tonight's thirdthurssf  make the effort to go...incredible people.
Thanks for organizing!
were u from
house party tomorrow!!!
That Adam Mayes guy has it coming for him if he's around here.
Well put a boot up his ass, its the American Way.
did you go to Fenway to celebrate?
Taco Tuesday and Pickle Night tonight!
Everyone always says there are more fish in the sea...
but sometimes I just really want a dolphin
Picked up some Vibram FiveFingers today.
Tomorrow's run should be interesting.
maybe they need a laxative
What makes me care....as of today I'm not going to.
I just don't give a DAMN!
I'm glad I finally got to hang out with after months!
AyeO Bitch WhatItIs Fa'YooooHoe
One last viewing of The Hunger Games this weekend :
well it just happens to be that I miss you guys too!
Great to meet you last night at Robert Deaton's.
Can't wait to read Diary Of A Player!
it was good
Good morning, just woke up, 9 hours of sleep
Tomorrow marks 5 years since the shooting at Virginia tech ...
My heart goes out to the families ....
Easiest bet of the night!
5050 chance for best song
I love the song Lovedoctornk by BoysLikeGirls!!:
The Silk Tie likes Jamie!
Chips and salsa are dangerous for ties, if you need a clean tie, thesilktie.com
Weak desires bring weak results, just as a small amount of fire makes a small amount of heat
Greenlight this now!!
RT Idea for movie: Human Centipede 3 starring Kirk Cameron and Rush Limbaugh.
You should have to said to her see these?
Show hands These aren't spirit fingers.
THESE ARE SPIRIT FINGERS!
Yay!
Thanks for joining us the other night.
The suns coming out : 
Daily verse  And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.
1 Corinthians 13
this is about to be along week
tweet your bank account balance
feel free to come ALL the way south to FL!!
:D
Today marks 4 years in business!!
Thanks to all of our clients  supporters for everything!
MWWdesigns.com
Its anyway a 1 term RT : If Obama allows Tax cuts 4the Rich in any form his Presi.
is over.1 Term!!
There are things you choose to believe, and beliefs that choose you.
Donald Miller
Il Mito is delicious.
Why didn't you fools tell me sooner?
And I saw a man with his forearm tattooed in LV logo...while holding an LV briefcase.
cash most def!!
Bc it can be used anywhere :
making GF brownies and having some wine.
Still can't figure out how I've gained 5 lbs since moving here...wait a sec...
Traffic should not be an obstacle to mobility.
It proves it should be right there.
love your work, Juana  just beautiful!
See you at NY12SCBWI
An extra special ff to , who sent me a Tortoise 7 this week!
It's absurd to critique a sport you know little about.
Open your mind.
Talk to folks you respect about their love for the sport.
Listen.
Sunny in Seattle, Blake Shelton.
Please send me a DM so we can discuss this.
Thanks!
I used to think that when a woman was gay just had just never been fucked right.
Secy Solis: people want to do business where pools of skilled workers live...accepting applications for TAA commty college funding
ConcertWishList Taylor Swift, Childoctorn 18:3, The letter black, POD, Daughtry, parachute, Glee Cast, Flyleaf , Paramore :D
I'm just me take it or leave it!
one boy  one doctoram  small town  big voice  one leap of faith  a legend  four albums  millions of fans  Justin Bieber.
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Get Rich Or Die Tryin' !:
like if you enjoy a certain sport or something.
Something you like doing
Anyone know a place in town where I could find a FireWire400 to DV adapter?
Best Buy, RadioShack, and Mac Store don't carry them.
you need a friend?
ill be there!
Fly to the Polish in December for Christmas and Rihanna concert December 6:
Jordan!!
33333 please follow me???
3 my life will change COMPLETELY!!!!!
333333
What is a good gift for a girl who reads no Eng is 10years old, under 50?
I only had sons.
weird indeed pizza done come eat
sighs BOTH :P Mister or mister Ceebeelah: I miss u
that's my song like this, like that
halfway done with my take home final for this class!
don't get me started!
I'd gladly join them.
Shiiiittt.
he take heads
It's sad that the only decent guy I've dated is a weirdo and is currently dating my cousin.
i am on the way home.
come over.
lol I don't reblog that stuff
We are getting set up here at the Library of Virginia for the POTY1862 Symposium.
Watch the event LIVE on CSPAN3  join the discussion!
Watching the Rangers and Tigers from the booth with and what could be better than this
I wanna go to six flags fiesta Texas : hoot hoot 33
june 16, 1971 momma gave birth to a hell raisin heavenly son..happy g day Tupac Amaru Shakur!
THIS SORRY SAP ASS NIGGA THINK HE CAN BEAT ME IN BASKETBALL SMFH NIGGA BETTER KNW BOUT ME
doctorams are given to visionaries and visionaries are realities warrior's that leave a legacy of what life really is.
So, i only have one BEST FRIEND and his name is so.
Go follow him and show him some love.
I know  I hate hot weather too much
Thank you for the RT!
:
When you are going through something hard and wonder where GOD is, remember that the teacher is always quiet during the test.
You gotta be hungry!
Les Brown
The tongue is the only tool that gets sharper with use.
Washington Irving
I have to stop procrastinating...
Thanks.
The book cover won't be revealed until the release, but my pic is on it.
: Retweet if you liked it.
Ran into a fly with no wings just now, called it a walk.
I don't want thanksgiving to end
Geez!!
They punked out again??
matt Stewart sounds like a cool guy
WHAT THIS WORLD NEEDS IS A GROUP HUG :D
thinks Miley is just like any of us growing up.
At least she doesn't smoke crack
Sick of for iPhone app crashing  not posting pix so looking 4 a new one.
Suggestions?
Ideally it links multi accounts  Facebook
It is of great importance that you pay your light bill....
You wouldnt want that embarassing moment to be at the same time you have company
I know right!!!
They're sensitive af too
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Lord of the Rings and the Two titties
Hidden Talent: I love to cook and can take almost anything and make a healthy, dinner partyready version out of it :
LMAO  Haley, whats your social media, its haley reinhart HALEY REINHART!
H A L E Y R E I N H A R T
give me your login information lmao.
I WILL NOT PAY YOUR TOLL TROLL
be prepared for a hardcore planet fitness session after school tomorrow!!
How did I not know the magic of googlevoice until last week?
Obsessed!
To being the only bo  youngest with 3 older sisters and one younger step sister, I unite
I heard them on some mix tape in '09 and its OK..
I fell a bit behind now..
At 3 the human goes through a developmental stage characterized by the child thinking he or she is a comedian.
See also wiseguy or smartass.
Ah.
Hes even cuter on the beach!
Today is World Autism Awareness Day!!!!
Encourage reviews, like how you would implement any other marketing technique.
It's a staff team effort, and a explanatory process.
ahh yes we do!
I miss my railroad!
I'm sitting in a CHAIR, in the SKY Louie C.K.
...and I'm tweeting from a laptop that's somehow connecting...
this is straight cray cray!
just because your a convicted felon now doesn't mean you can skip chem..who are you, ?
So stoned!
they frown upon ingestion of horse meat in Nevada
Hahahaha.....I bet.
I Hate That People Are Hating On A New Mahomie...EveryOne Has Been A New Mahomie Before.How Would U Feel If Someone Was Doing It To U?
Wow.
For a comedy, Young Adult is really depressing.
There is no way to peace, peace is the way.
A.
J.
Muste quotes
would you rather be called a georgia peanut ?
Man, stalking is, like, hard work.
Which is why I can't be arsed to do it.
Off to Williamsburg for the !
That's what I would have said.
panicked and said Mickey's dead, and it's because of something you did.
Whoops!
Cant wait to get our EP out...
I was there too...
You saw me.,.
We spoke.
But there is such a thing called TiVo!
Ps.
Bedtime.
I'm gonna hate myself tomorrow
Ill be yo big bro!!!
We'll probably be addoctorssing that at the conclusion of Season 1.
Our playoffs are on May 12th.
can you go to the parade saturday?
Whitney Houston doesn't have star on Hollywood Walk of Fame.
She was selected yrs ago, but never set a dedication date.
M I love me some ButterScotch Pudding!
fix the HOPE issue and justify or not justify going further.
Local reaction to George Zimmerman's arrest at 1011.
no stressing or eye twitching allowed, ma'am.
Skype this weekend?
RT : Lookout NFL, my son Jared Green is a Caroline Panther.
Great player, super young man!
Go Panthers  Congrats proud poppa
Yes, Clausen dodged a huge one there!
Now they will probably go after a veteran.
McNabb to Carolina?
congrats on the new gig.
You're going to love the SEC.
R.I.P Junior Seau.
Very cool!
Love to meet you out at a meeting.
Should talk  UX sometim
CabinintheWoods looks amazing.
Scary, crazy, and has Thor Sign me up!
Did anyone get the link to Sheppard's paper/ presentation in time??
have fun in Germany!
Bad form to follow, get someone to followback and then immediately unfollow.
Having many followers  smart or pretty
They do look really good this year.
Their depth is scary.
I will move back to my original name.
RT : So ungrateful ....
: Goin to see !!!
SO FREAKING EXCITED.
:D what's ur fav BA song?
absolutely!
I really wish she would tweet me!!!
:D that'd make my life!
lol me too , fool !
Mind blown!
manager Ron Washingon just seen taking multiple bong rips in the dugout.
I turned my phone to Airplane mode and threw it up into the air.
Wanted: musicians, nonprofessorts and volunteers for Melrose farmers market
An extraordinarymom can party til 4am and still wake up and fix breakfast for the kids
Damn im feelin that steak  cheese now 
Meaningless existence.
SadButTrue !!!
RT : As an Aries you tell it like it is, and are untouched by the reaction that may result.
damn you for inducing me to click that.
I just got Roiphied
theyre just tight cause they fucken got shutout!!!
You know how some relatives can get lol.
You feel me?
Wow.
Hopefully that helps you as a lesson
Hope my bro dosnt find out I'm throwing a party
Not yet, but that sounds like a great idea!
Girl I know it hurts but if this world was perfect we'd make it work but I doubt it
dear god.
Currently watching my favorite shows doctorPhil and Maury ;
new song is Scream, Its now playing via spotify on the tweetdio show on
is this real life ?
are you seriously coming to Cali ?
BEST NEW EVER !
:DD i might finally meet you o/
After long hiatus back on twitter, from dbw12, content strategy ROI with Dan Blank.
JTallent's workshop seemed too code heavy 4 me.
Send an allcompany email to notify staff that a position has been posted and that you are hiring employees
I'm hiring a Freelance Recruiter  Hugo Boss!
45 yrs of Recruitment/Fashion experience.
Send me your resume today:
why?
just go out but dont doctornk haa
Kinda found it funny that on this weeks Glee the QB that effed up the final game deciding play was number 4!
Thank you :
BOOMSTICK Nelson CRUZ!!
Thanks to , putting up Stone IPA and Leffe Blonde vinegars!
lmao go to work early for once.
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 25
sunny and clear
Doubt it.
Omg!!!!!
Lmfao is performing on American idol tomorrow!!
:D
Im Tired , Wanna Say Fuck This Homework
its weird how pritchard gets the worst calls but jordan hulls can get bernie fined with no call
ouch!
Geez, u gotta watch out for them feet, man...tricky lil suckers they are!!
Lol
If ur in the 412 next Saturday the 11th come down altar bar were performing with Patron saint its gonna be cray hmu 4 tix, directions, w.e.
This is why I don't watch these singing competitions, they don't choose the best singers!
So, I have a work colleague who appears to wear a fake engagement  wedding ring during work events.
Is this a thing?
Why?
Bill Stanley has a history of promoting small government and common sense values.
Vote to bring these to the 20th District on Nov 8
I'm sleepy .
This class is boring.
:o
going forward our Ward Night is being extended to 8pm!
Come stop by on Wednesday from 5:308:00pm.
Yes, hopefully the doctorver is okay but no word yet...
But if so, I agree, Cinco de Mayo celebrations start a day early.
Don't even have to watch the video.
Already know every moment from memory.
I know, right?
So gross.
Everyone's at the beach while I'm in class
followed me back on GifBoom : everyone follow me  sashamariepittman 3
but in college, sometimes you get to study what your interested in.
that's the dif
iIts not even funny how much I love Ranger Gang or fucking die !
We saw it before Cabin in the Woods.
I was very excited.
Rest of audience less so.
Even went you weren't single, I was that one, but now bitch took it all away.
I probably have the most irritating bf everr.
Thank you very much!
I didn know we were playing hide and seek o.O
2 b honest i have just stumbled upon u and im in awe.
fav songs Perseverance, just you  me, a celtic deam.
no space 4more
wow ok thanks for that
FLAWLESS.!!!!
Cant noone do it like ME.!
Hittin the links before work
the water sounds just serene!
Nothing like nature to relax you.
:
DWTS woooohoooo!!!
GO Katherine, GO!!
Go blonde bombshell!
i just wanna go on amazon and buy the 3 books i want/need
Interesting w/ great potential.
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS not enough space for my reply..
LIS442?
That was a fun project!
That awkward moment when u post a funny status and there's that one person who ruins it by saying something serious.
Night tweeters :
Thank you, A Star Spangled Banner that showed your respect for the song and your love of bringing that story to all.
Bravo!
I want to be loved by you
Followers  9000 Following  120 Bio i follow back...
No you dont you dumb fuck!!!
:p
is currently in Production of the short / trailer of UTTER an upcoming feature film written  directed by yours truely  DANBOU PICTURES.
Tons of members representing at DCWeek keynotes!
np 'Stuck on repeat' Little Boots
Only would win concert tickets!
lol
A1: would love to see flipped on side, dept org'd by goal
Just woke up next up over to poms!
RT : Our winner is
thanks jsidess; or the roof at : don't forget the lovely roof at the wit!
same here lol
its not as rare as you think.
Happens all the time
God doesn't need your help...
He needs your full submission.
tell a friend to tell a friend to tell a friend to tell a friend !!!!
Just finished our HackforChange project.
Now to present...
Last chance viewing party for Kenton Station.
Remember when glee was funny and happy?
So sad and serious now..mouth is still agape.
It's ladies night.
Ladies doctornk free all night!!!
I WANNA TAKE YOU AWAY LETS ESCAPE INTO THE MUSIC DJ LET IT PLAY I JUST CANT REFUSE IT LIKE THE WAY YOU MOVE IT!!
Auto sales in Oregon were up nearly 14 percent last year.
The national average was 11.
Lots of buyers at the Portland Auto show.
2 male college roomies live 2gether 4 2 years.
1 doesn't pay billsgets evicted.
He claims common law marriage, gets alimony.
Have fun doctorwning your sorrows
Shawn Marion looks like an egyptian pharaoh
We unfollowed some people.
Let us know if we quit following you
haha what a bitch
good to meet at the Kscope show on Friday w TheFaculty!
so good 3
they were my dad's prescription ones that your only suppose to take one of and she gave me two!
NED bullying assembly today!
What articles/activities do you have to share?
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with a time of 31:27 with Nike GPS.
Thanks for the follow!
Tell me more about your mobileapps services
Sipping racer5 whilst awaiting the carnage on Glendora Rd.
Janet Jackson concert April 22nd April 23rd and April 24th 2011 at Caesar's Palace Las Vegas MVP is offering Room  Tickets To sold out show
We're going to have to go ahead and move you downstairs into Storage B...
How can something so delicious be restricted?!
Every time I walk out from the office into the shop, it's like I'm being hit in the face by a fireball.
How about trending one direction ;D
keep your logic out of my attempts at amusement.
It has been too long since I mocked dan for his love of Yuni.
oh and Loe sucks.
No problem, and no pressure : Hope to catch you at the show if not at our place.
I am enjoying being fully present this season!
I'm sure your cookies will be fabulous.
Slept like 12 hours and I still feel shitty
remember when we got pregnant at the maxwell concert?
LOL.
Thanks so much for the follow!
Looking forward to hearing your projects!
Hollins Roundhouse Neighborhood meeting.
Great crowd!
Good morning, we hope you have a productive day so you can reward yourself with a refreshing libation after work at Amber!
and pregnant nuns are funny
Looking for suggestions to convince my 15 yo son that he should go outside rather than play video games all day.
Friday nites at VIBE LOUNGE tomorrow!!!
Early arrival is strongly suggested; Message me 4 table reservations or free entry.
See ya tomorrow
Never in my life have I've seen anything like this
can you plzz follow me because i cant send messeges thru the broadcasting thing plzz plzzz ?
:
fuuuuuuuuck the hub
RT : RT : Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort  Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Via FB: Half Italian deli grocer and cucina opens on Thursday in
Happy father's day to all the dads out there especially to mine.
Happy father's day dad
Okay, who's ready for that Laptop Monster....?????
Tonight's cooking was Japanese, thanks to our friend Yuko visiting from New York.
We all enjoyed it.
My back is wrecked this morning!
Its okay to be at a bar at 10am because I'm watching football.
DS: still rocking my usual purple polo that I wear every Monday after the Ravens play.
It was a tough loss, but I'm a Ravens fan til I die
NSF data plan requirements are just phase one of making open data a requirement:
just read all 29 parts!
Omg.
They are great!3 next one soon please:
I bet the show's called My Left Nut or some stupid shit like that.
I told him he couldn't come to my house cuz I don't have random ass niggas around my kids and he says if u ever need help I'm here
MIDNIGHT MEANS TWITTER LATE NIGHT WITH BLACK THUNDER!!!!
RT : RT : Tonight at Santa Ana Star Center RioRancho NM Is Gonna Be Puttin On a Show ..
Ya'll Ready !!
Good thing it was only a bruise for Rip.
great hang dog....thanks again
Hanging out with the public makes judging people so much easier.
Mehhhhh I wanna sleep 
Now now Baby 1ts Justh Text Book Stuff..
1ts 1n The Abc Of Grow1ng Up.
Non Of Us Are Angels And you Know We Love you, YES.7
Happy New Year to the East Coast Love ya and Miss Ya I will be home soon cant wait to see y'all again y'all be safe on this great night
Thanks for the shout out!
3
Please bring cash/check donations to American Heart Association benefiting Go Red for Women Campaign at our connection event.
too much
thanks so much to our FANTASTIC speakers Chris Rachel Herbert Patrick  Tom and THANKS to our attendees!
couldn't do this without you!
With Big, Penny Marshall became the first female director to have a movie gross over 100 million.
She's a bad ass.
THAT BITCH LAUGHED LIKE EVERYTHING WAS FUNNY SHE DOESN'T GET YOUR DAUGHTER IS DEAD WHICH MEANS SHE'S NOT COMING BACK BUT IT'S FUNNY ...
At bar, overheard MLA goer: That is the place in the narrative where fantasy confronts the real!
That is  sexy!
Loved loved loved the cultivateamerica chipotle commercial!!!
Wish You A Very Happy Birthday Lara Ji!
May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness!
Have a Gr8 Time!
GOD BLESS!
:
Everyone have a safe and happy holiday weekend!
Facebook, Twitter n You Tube have taken over our boredom
Walking down 6th Ave, Bergdorf's windows are beautiful!
Cartier is also tied up with a red ribbon!
if you did that, itd be so so appreciated and I'd pay back the favor in time  and thats a fact!
I want a motorcycle now!
please don't wish those Hollywood tramps on the Orioles Baltimore doesn't want to be the STD capital again.
The end of Feb.
: RT I mean when are you launching!
did I spot you in this week?
A year since our shoot!
It's the ending of the bubble babble theme.
I decided to cut the most of song but keep a little at the end.
:
Kaafu Atoll  Maldives Islands
man overboard makes everything better
Happy Mothers Day to ALL mothers.
Love that used pernicious from the stage.
thanks, yes it is!!
It was about time I took that step  Hope ur doing well girl keep rockin!
Very happy to be home.
Work is exhausting!
Thank you for supporting our project!
we love u.
Let's see how hard I can push myself today in training!!
Lol i kno we gotta wear long sleeves while we out here RT : avi funny as shit
Killedd The Stagee Tonight!!
They Better Stop Playing With My Emotions  Just Crown Them Already!!
Whoever finalized this list of Street Lit books needs to rethink some of the titles.
love that all this happened around the corner from me.
It smelt awesome last night!
Nick Brien's analogy re evolution of biz used to be bowling, now pinball.
Sovereign Research is proud to announce the completion of a prototype for an electronic medical device for autism screening.
For more deta
Download links coming soon!
Now I know who's Real and who's not SMDH im good though........
Friends dont last forever thank God I know that lol
Homemade holiday: cooked homegrown food, made Rock Band music  played a game invented by Adam.
Now missing 
you live 10 mins away were hanging out!!!!
An having some fun tweet me back, tomorrow after 5 we can do some thing
Just left the Flea Market now the Galleria Mall!
I won't solve this mystery until tomorrow, alas.
Graze is awesome!
And Himal Patchouli
No, Thank you for hosting!
Great chat tonight!
Seriously.
No one worked harder!
RT : to my friend and coworker, , you are an inspiration.
Job well done!!
Dear Childoctorn, I may be friendly...but I am not your friend..im your parent.
There is a difference.
E, if it's any consolation I was very close to not meeting Patrick.
I was just walking away until he appeared
I want to vs in a tables match!!!
Go Miz!
guys, twitter must be broken.
no one gave me a job to do the letters to maurice sendak book.
1996 was a great hip hop year
my loss is shockeys gain
Pardon the swag.
Me too.
If I forget, downgrade me.
loll no te preeoocupee armando is gonna be a good boy
I sat next to George Lindsey at a banquet in Nashville once ....Great memories :
Lori has all kinds of car tshirts  embroidered '57Chevy Nomad anyone?
would be great working with you, but bad luck for me I'm not very good!
:
don't you like Justin?
That's so meta, it's insane :
Good Morning Farmers..Come beat the rain and we'll kill your pain...
why not pick up our strain of the day; Organic Headband OG!
so much for never losing in rain!
Are they still together?
I thought I read something in Rolling Stone saying they were done...
Can't believe its Wednesday already
Palmetto bugs creep me out, but otherwise I'm okay.
Ike Evans.
Lol We will make a hit someday soon...then everyone will know it ; How've you guys been?
lol
but you are still keeping Bertie?
I hope?
sounds great!
love to read tweets like that RT : Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher.
Oprah...
final grades for dodds class are up on angel
Stop it Sheria, This is not a debate.
Just a conversation.
I love you.
Haha
i got on that exact plane last year from hong kong to singapore.
i didn't think it was gonna get off the ground.
go canucks go
Fresh Mozzarella: The Good Stuff
I don't think it matters what the broncos get back for Tebow.
Sunk cost of a 1st round pick, but addition by subtraction.
Okay, just registered to run the Portland Marathon in October, so that's that.
I'm on the hook!
can i get info on when my pants are gunna cum its been a month already.
my invoice  is 000004211
I love you too man..
I wish I could of played one more game with you
Too many MardiGras bombs?
Thanks to to everyone that came out AND to The Great Fox, Daniel Blue and motopony for an awesome show last night!
If you didn't have anything to prove what could you take off your plate?
Stop and think before you answer the menu is larger than you think.
: Off work time to hit the Liquor store the heat won need a celebration doctornk!!get me one too
So fucking relevant .
: MATH TEACHER, Y U NO SPEAK ENGLISH?
Hm really doe, im finna make myself so much better, i thank people who gave me suggestions and extra ideas to add on
you are a really good singer!
I really wish you would follow me but you prolly won't see this....
Whatevvvs, gonna attempt to get some sleep.
Dueces 
so Fighting Sioux must be a double negative making a positive !!!
Well, Banner was the final punch in the gut.
UW simply has to do better with instate recruits next year.
Reading the new Essence magazine with Mary J Blige on cover.
Great information on natural hair!
I wonder what made her so bitter...
nice of you to rep 207th and Bway.
It looks rough over there.
I can send something Manny's way.
for the most part lmao
i seriously have no idea what ur talking aboout
Stop trying to make fetch happen, It's never going to happen.
Just left great meeting.
Sat with potential new client and we sat there and talked about life.
Not so much about business.
im soo happy nick at night shows yes dear now!!!
great show way better than that 70's show
ushould def call about tickets  let me knowtooI may be able to make it for part of the timefun to meet u  wife too
So much on my mind idk how it all fit in my brain
I hate astronomy!!!!
One participant says the books she has used are focused on proper grammar, not about how people really use language.
Major distinction!
hmm grey's on right now....
how was the pageant?
Loving those moments where you can just sit down and make fun of the faces people make
My 2012 Immigration Webinar Schedule includes March 29th  The Employment Path to Permanent Residency.DM me for details.
Ooh and speaking of boobs suggestions for large/plussize bathing suit TOPS ?
The US is good at generating geniuses.
The problem is that they're all athletes.
Read , March issue.
looking for cheap chest of doctorwers for baby's room .
Would like lightly stained wood.
Send email or mms with pic price  location please
I AM TIRED, I WANT FOOD TOO.
Catching up on my tweets and looking for others to follow
I like to shart myself doctor
you just subtweeted them though lmao
Merry Christmas to all!!!!!
We're proud to announce we are now part of the family, along with and !
I've seen too much preBarnes mediocrity to want to run him out too.
thx Chris for the mention!
The judge told me is that your mom and I was like yes she said she is to young
Oh, hey humidity!
Totally forgot how much you rock!
No, you don't suck at all!
But I wear sweat stains well, so...
Ugh.
Haha story of my life.
But we have tutorials so ima just study then
Sometimes, it's not your day.
I don't always lisp.
But when I do, it's while talking to a police officer.
Thanks, officher
Disney Cruise FAQ's: What is included?
Find out here what is included and how to budget accordingly for optional items:...
Highly recommended!
Particularly since I ran into it so randomly.
My diet lately has consisted of lean cuisines and chocolate.
Pop quiz: Which KeyClub Playmate rides a Blackline?
or ?
A: Heather.
Follow her to see it!
RT : Happy National Meetings Industry Day and High Five Day!
I am taking over the 'reins' of Explore Fulton Market' this year.
It's May 13th.
I'd love your support!
When the doctors say your sister doesnt have herpys....
Smh
we appreciate ya bro!!
:
What's really sick are the people who buy into their hate.
Best Av goalie playoff games: Roy vs FLA game 4 Cup clincher, Roy vs NJ game 6 2001, Craig Anderson tonight  awesome!
I am, personally partial to DS106 when writing.
I think it merits CAPS.
But I always use ds106 as a tag.
I am an enigma.
ha!
you are too smart for you own good sir.
I emerge more often on FB ;
I'm always the one who loves more, that's my thing.
Dear NASA, if your space junk falls into my personal space, not yours.
Can't have.
Love Finder S.
Keepers
And, of course, you're invited to Beirut/Malta as well
Playing this chopped and screwed music thinkin bout hella shit
Sending out the F.U.
email for the creative session...
hope I'm not forgetting anyone...
Very cool!
Lmao, okay yeah...
So ill talk to u in alil then :
Movies and cuddling sounds perfect right now !
Don't be afraid to chase your doctorams!
One of my fav quotes...
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.Jonathan Winters
shit has been b.a.n.a.n.a.s.
an effort to be as dope as possible, Im subject to limited social media...
just use your imagination
Ookkayy, away we go, only thing we have on is the radio
I will see you there!!!
that's true n it's also sad cuz he really not that good never was even at Texas, he's been potential since HS lol
thanks for the follow!!
San Fran, Frankfort, Berlin, Dublin to Rhodes, Greece in less than 20 days!
to LA land to lay tracks with Chris Warrior w/new Honeycomb
yeah thanks!
:
Or better yet a ufc fighter
Hence policy work, hooray!
:
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both so much!8
Time to start studying 4 Monday ..
Somewhere Over the Rainbow...
No Sir!!
Hi Adelle, thanks for the follow!
what do you mean ?
A very basic gym  for 49/month w/ no committment plus 100 enrollment fee.
Sounds steep.
what do you pay?
Just sayin' b/c of the pass rush.
San Fran can stop the run, but you don't really care.
Saints would be a shootout.
Today in Literary History: On April 3, 1783 Washington Irving was born in NYC.
that picture is amazing
I missed tweeting 
I like how you can tell me what I'm mad at lol I get entertainment outta fucks like you
has the best tweets.
Ever.
41fuckyes.
YES one look in nialler beautiful eyes was enough but now the question...
How can I even type this tweet IM WATER lool
what's the topic tonight?
You comign to the show?
I could call it your request.
what if you mostly use Twitter as a news source?
Do you have what it takes to be a Pittsburgh Bullets!
Tryouts June 2nd.
Register by emailing .
You really have to go to the NHL to find a worse logo than the nj nets
It's a listen to Bob Marley on Pandora and look outside at the sunshine and pretend it's 50 degrees warmer kind of day.
Street parking in Georgetown is some kind of singular hell
well of course
A coward dies a thousand deaths.
A soldier dies but once
aw man i hate it lol but thanks
thanks for calling punk smh lol
Don't forget your lamps during SpringCleaning dust the lamp shades and replace the bulbs to see things in a new light!
The wound is the place where the Light enters you.
Rumi
pandora knows what I wanna hear when I wanna hear it :
very excited to bring on board to do some web design stuff!!
Tornado Warning issued for Orange through 4:15pm.
Unacceptable!
You must choose a side!
NO I want to keep The Pirate Bay around.
same here but I'm not happy with the Offense so far.
I know right now send me some pics from Jades birthday !!
Ha I mean I was rocking that Southern Streets Freestyle when I was just an awkward HS freshman.
NBA Ballers tracks were dope too.
DM me ur number Megan wants it cuz she got a new phone
love it
I know I'm late..
but way to go Mavs..
yeah baby!
Chapel hill moving to Twilio
not recording yet.
but planning to this summer!
remind me tomorrow to hit u
Oh and btw, if you missed it, Anthony Rizzo homered yet again for Iowa tonight in 1st AB.
ICubs lead SAC 10 early
bullllshittttttt fuckkkkk man.
: celtics and i won't even be able to watch the game wednesday because i'll be at the red sox game.

aggresive gerbils w/ lasers having a good time, people rubbing Vick's vapor rub all over each other, dweebs, cat fights
tulsashooting
The boyz are back the boyz are back saying the boyz are back reminds me of high school musical 3 where troy and chad sings the boys are back
Keep ya head up 3
Your last tweet did it.
I'm going on.
Argonne scientists design selfassembling, halfmillimeter wide microbots that can swim and transport objects.
we're all going to die

Yes, he was my No.
1 sleeper from Day 1.
is at the Daughter's of the American Revolution Concert Hall waiting for Mariah to get doctorssed, I guess.
Tyrese, aparently Facebook is shutting down according to World News, they announced that March 12th 2012 will mark the date
ill bring the flower bulbs to grow them after the flowers you give die
So tired :/ just want 2 go home
Conversations with you are so stagnant...I can't deal.
Bye.
Haha
doesn't want me as a customer?
That hurts my feelings.
:
I sincerely hope that I'm just an alarmist and nothing happens this weekend.
My brother does not understand the value of a dollar.
Happy Hour  36 Half off the bar!
Thank you for the tour of the DiVinci exhibit.
It was amazing and I can tell you are truly passionate about it!
very true miss it
i work off reed over by the ch 31 office and the lady on the corner is always on her cell phone with the homeless sign
Maybe me and my mom can go shopping tomorrow, celebrate mothers day  my birthday.
woohoo thanks for the follow
this is who you want to follow 
Not living up to the name...
My name is Neil ramanan, an I'm a sex offender.
is that when GMYH is being released?
You said april haha
you gonna get in down professorssionally lmbo imma get it down the ghetto way either imma it or my besty gonna do it lol
Happy to announce a free upcoming legal seminar on estate planning June 24 at 7:00.
See site for details www.alsarizona.com
: The only thing more shocking than the truth are the lies people tell to cover it up.
hey beautiful!
How u been?

InterviewQuestion Why did they put fuzz on a tennis ball Jobs Don't guess  say you don't know but that you know how to find out!
happy early birthday!
The prettiest girls are the happiest girls :
I did one like this too...
we were all bitches lol.
Thanks.
It's not looking good.
I think Monday is going to be a hard day.
lol..
That's funny

DC United beat NY Red Bulls
new phone looks great!!!
I don't beg for followers.
All have free will to follow or not follow.
Poor Hawking hope he can shake the Respiratory Infection!
VEROniCUN is my angel.
She is lying for Baytoe about his fatherinlaw not having property in Juarez near Yarbrough bridge, even if he does.
Eric, meet Ryan...
Ryan meet Eric...
Thank you Kate!!!
ha!
i've heard of fresh water sharks, but not as far inland as cedar creek falls.
the place is gorgeous;
I feel like a waste of time 
Espana tonight!
10p.m.
doctornk specials all night long!
Thank you for the RT.
It's interesting to see how big brands behave online
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!:
Yankees are making this kid look like Nolan Ryan
Tsukiji market stall...it really, really doesn't get any fresher than that.
Enjoy Tokyo!
Yes, in DBOX!
RT : RT if youre going to see Avengers again this weekend!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!54
Knicks lose, Rangers losing, Yankees win, Mets playing now in Houston.
That's New York sports in a tweet.
hi!
You might not remember, but in 2008 I used your blog in my Good Mom/Bad Mom class.
You v nicely emailed w/ 1 of my students.
I wish and still would hangout with me bc I miss how close I was with theem /: you two suck as bestfriends lol
Dear , I don't think you guys were done beta testing  ironing out the kinx in the new desktop player.
Can I have access to old 1?
Ooh!
Me!
RT : Looks like I'll be going 2 next month.
Which of my spacetweeps will be there?
Looks like a stellar lineup
yes its Stacy.
Great memory!
Winner announced at 8 p.m.!!
A baby doctorpped his bottle so when he went to pick it up I pulledacrosby and punted it across the room.
Kids stink.
nun, on heartgold, and you?
xP trade me so i can get gengar, and a fire stone lol
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
Tennessee Williams
If your ancestor was a pilgrim, give thanks that the Native Americans decided to feed their starving butts.
I'm so glad you liked it!
thanks for reading!
Thanks for sharing!
:
Goodnight y'all.
Prayer time 
Food truck playing Grateful Dead loudly.
Step away from the food truck.
I'd rather have a root canal while listening to Tiesto than watch Celebrity Cookoff with Rachel Ray  Guy Fieri
Weve come a long way.
Keep moving forward.
So important to remember.
Make sure we dont take even one step back
whenwomangetmad it's because some dumbass man did something to her..
Got ROCKED at work.
My next day off cannot come soon enough.
All all nite  9pm more Britney than you can handle!
Oops, I did it again!
Special Shout out to the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
Celebrating 104 years of service to all mankind!
Skee Wee!
Thanks!
: D
Country music has really brought this show to a grinding  halt.
well you messed up my hair so I think you deserve it.
Ha.
But don't you know that the one who gets the most gets to dethrone Tila Tequila's claim to fame?
Watch Perspective tomorrow at Noon where we will talk to Tuskegee Airman Beverly Dunjill Tuskegee Airmen
Wow listening to the song 'High Violet' by and the lead singer sounds a lot like Johnny Cash.
Check it out.
Great song too!
Dude I'm like really proud of my one pager :D
AIKI  when 2 opposing forces create a confluence of energy
...
joined the 21st century on his own!!
Watching Unsung on the Ohio Players.
Man these cats were phenomenal.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Jane Austen
Hey sweet baby birds whats goin down???
thanks for the follows great havin ya here!!!
did ya COME to my party last night????
RT : Rockin my brand new JOIE shades by Velvet Eyewear on the red carpet last night!
Thank u xoxo...
I had a lovely childhood, but books added new dimension  possibility to my world.
Booksbigger world :
it's ok: I found it on YouTube :
And now we give the kibosh to our friends at Amazon.
Hedging works when short overvalued securities even in bull markets.
Stop Saying I  now on rotation Thanks !
Great to meet you too!
imy!
How are you?
The Crew is working on 3 custom birthday cakes followed by a 4 tier WeddingCake tonight so stop by if you get a late night craving :
wait, what's tomorrow?
I'm honestly not in the mood today !
Congratulations to doctor , recipient of the Joseph Grier Distinguished professorssor Award
Ivy is wagging her tail in her sleep.
She cnt stay single can she smh wat a shame
Go DD...stay safe for another week!!
I have never, ever felt so beautiful and feminine.
FirstWorldProblems ; RT : It's pretty grim here in my office by the beach.....
so I'm cheating on you?
K cool
I'd see if he takes Wilson first.
Then Bumgarner.
Is there any answer when CC is gonna pitch next in my opinion he should pitch on Monday when Verlander takes the mound.
: Every man mistakes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Schopenhauer
yeah.
made it over the 3 day hump.
seeking the intersection of the systems and the stories
whoa, missed that...Happy belated birthdaay :
fuck yu bc no matter how much yu hurt me , i'm still here  i still love yu .
Running Windows XP Pro painfully slow on Mac via VMWare Fusion.
Any recommendations?
Wednesday is my birthday, I hope a happy birthday on your part
About to bump some Nicki ;D
The LORD lift up his countenance upon you, and give you peace.Numbers 6:26
I don't feel bad for anyone who gets in trouble because for once in their lives they didn't get their way and cussed out a teacher.
RT : Search is your brand's telephone number
There's nothing hotter than a guy who listens....to find him call live links.
Slide guitar ...
slide whistle ...
same difference
i havent been w/out in forever!!!
and im too lazy to do anything about it..
who wants to be a delivery boy today???
Easy DVD Creator 2 Get for Free include serial download  blank dvds 8 5gb
Me, too.
Work and school have been insane the past few weeks.
I miss twitter and my blog.
:
Thus weather getting me sick
Money Player
Who wants a Fire Roenicke tshirt?
Now taking orders...
People who sing out of tune should be deported and shipped to their own island.
Its mothers day I'm headed to see mine and there's a lady in the cvs parkinglot wit a flat tire lol do I help
Had a good heart to heart Directioner conversation with and Gotta love them.
I'm sleepy waiting on Torrence.
conference for community organizing  school reform  follow the convo at
Don't know why I chose fitness for P.E, gonna have to start jogging daily starting from tomorrow....
Rain or shine you can always count on misterD's to provide a rainbow of colors for you to choose from when painting your homeWe Love to Paint
Teens Books Hangout New mysteries  new books for teens
It's getting cooler all the time!
Oklahoma Home Repair can keep the cold air out!
Upgrading, Repairs, Maintenance, and Remodel.
Call us!
Great first hour  and one more to go!
Enjoy the news and we'll be right back.
Mail the show during the break:
Forever is a long long time.
But I, wouldn't mind spending it by your side.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry.
We offer a free market approach to success!
Very welcome.
Contact us   become part of our soon to release mobile guide app
so pretty!
Congrats on your PR!
Wednesday Would Be D.U.I.
CourtThe Judge Would Announce Each Defendants BAC LevelsSpectators Would Clap For Those With The Higher Readings
Robert Mirabal says to NM don't get xray'd at airport.
Go for pat down  pretend it's a full body TSA smudge.
it has been a week since it was out in the morning.
It makes me depressed when it is yucky!
I send you some!
:
He was actually a lot younger than his contemporaries in Dad's Army.
I think he was in his early 50s, if that.
You're most welcome, enjoy!
RT Pumpkin Soup almost done.
Thanks
The Nets have now become The Oakland Raiders of basketball with their new logo.
Still a badass logo though!
Whatever you like RT FB friend posts asking for good workout songs.
Girl posts T.I.
as suggestion.
I burn her house down.
srry I replied late, how r u?
We're pretty excited about our FIRST show since the Rock 'n' Roll Rumble TOMORROW NIGHT!
Hey!!
Follow back  thanks luv xoxox
I need my money AAP
Always something new with the dog keep up the good work for what you do dog god bless you
I love peonies!
Her new stuff's pretty great, but I'm a Jagged Little Pill junkie all the way.
I think it's one of the best albums of all time.
If anyone near atlanta wants to sell doctorm  bass dnb jungle vinyl record dj collection for CASH or knows anyone that does HIT ME UP!!!
Thanks for the FF!
Love your blog post on King cakes.
Had no idea this was a custom.
Tres cool.
Cinco de mayo in this b ..
Nope, but this is FRIED PIZZA we're talking about.
I could never forget beauty to that extent
even the sun sets in paradise
Do you have class today?
If so, bon courage!
If not, enjoy our last day of vacances!
Three things I learned while watching last night's idol  hear 'em around 7:30 on
You have a beautiful website.
I love it !
Reports are coming out that Junior Seau has committed suicide!
Sad
I don't have anywhere to sleep tom.
in Seattle  please help 
idk but he got a number
DEEP BREATH...ah..
it's Friday!
I'm off of work early and am getting ready to snuggle up and finish a couple of good books
hey you should follow me 
I got a great idea for a reality show.
It's called dancing with the people who are actually trained dancers instead of fame whores
I am at the Thurgood Marshall Judiciary Building by Union Station
u get em?
officially a Wheel Watchers Club member!
I'm ready to win that vacation prize, Pat!
100 true, but that's not the point.
RT : In a relationship you gotta realize sometimes your partner needs their own time..
: Good morning, looks nice outside.
Have a wonderful day!
Can we get 3on34Niebs trending.
Can you give a shout out to your followers?
We've got money to raise!
: Thanks so much
Movies later
Two Mexican journalists found help to make a source says head of businessman David Koch Robert Pattinson.
I WILL be one of those 400 people;
Listening to Somebody I used to Know right now because of I luv her so super much!
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them.
me and Blevins
Instead of saying you watch the mainstream news, just say, Me like puppet bags who make mouthy happen.
I don't even know what that means...??
I'm so beyond tired it's crazy
sorry kris.
Could do a call, but won't be able to be there in person.
Let me know.
What a night.
damn right it was.
Need to do it again asap
loll you DONT have any swag CTFU
in the mood to retweet stuff ...
hope u don't mind
If I was your girlfriend I'd never let you go!
Swag swag uh yeah!
:
me, because I have a beard
Had a great performance tonight at Club Orion and got to see some good friends I missed and met some new ones : I LOVE U ALL
i can't find you D; r u even trying?
He wasn't kidding.
Those people are so far past fried that the light from Fried will be a million years reaching them.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt
is twittering
Use SHARE to answer any BI question.
Works for you and for interviewer.
yea me 2 but in 3 weeks im outta school
2nd biggest seller at Village Bookstore, Pleasantville NY, right behind 50 Shades of Grey.
It's all about....domination!
Listening too music all day in my coolin it zone
Enjoying my Swiss Burger at Sago's with
Never Forget, Pray, Remember 11 million killed in the Holocaust  the millions killed in WWII.
Yom HaShoah Holocaust Remembrance Day
mawnin  happy thursday
me too..haha..RT : It's 950 am and I'm already ready for a goose and pineapple
I love myself now.
Some days I don't but I try to.
I think it's about at least if I try, that's all that matters.
I want 1000 followers..
please follow my page.
We are almost to 600....
lets do this..
FOLLOW MISS ALEXIS TODD...
Thanks
Something about finding candy wrappers in my suit jacket makes me sad.
It's like, really, I can't lay off the Snickers even when at work?
Nyc's high is tampa's low tomorrow...
whydidimoveheragain?
follow it's just one button to press ;
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes.
It's amazing to feel the love of so many great friends!
My love goes to all of you!
Its Friday is everyone having a good time.
Work hard and Play nice.
Nothing tonight.
Turner's Ok.
Seems like a nice kid.
Not really into signing but he'll do a couple each.
Let me know if you want to change anything else on the video!
Thx for all the great workouts  I'm so much stronger now!!!
By the time I reached the end of the jury duty process, I felt a slight sting of rejection after I wasn't picked.
What's wrong with me?
Oh yeah I bet the audio version of Leviathan is really fun.
But then you miss the v cool illustrations!
Excellent and diabolical meeting with and today.
Virtue does not come from wealth, but.
.
.
wealth, and every other good thing which men have.
.
.
comes from virtue.
Erin: don't forget the extra 'p' in the thatcampphilly hashtag!
Or your tweets won't show up in the feed!
ughh i need to go shopping i need a blouse that goes with my black skirt :o HELP.!!!
D:
Just signed up for  anyone use this tool for LP creation and split testing?
Loving it so far!
Would love some tips and tricks!
I'm just teasing you.
It's because I like you.
.
COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON.....
SATURDAY MATRIX  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thank you Phi Beta Delta for the honorary membership in your Society for International Scholars.
An honor to be counted in your company.
Was given a 2012 Tahoe while my car is getting fixed.
I know have this sudden urge to just want to tow stuff...this thing is a monster!
Incredibleproud she's from my hometown RT A quick take interview w work on breast cancer is changing lives
caught my boyfriend in a lie with tia mason
Not even a contest RT : Barry Bonds, by a wide margin RT Best complete baseball player of all time.
Go.
Calling all womenbizowners TWC is hosting a WomenOwned Business Networking Social at Slice 535 Hudson on March 20th at 6:30.
Join Us!
Agree!
RT : Sure Lurkers Listen.
but they are tomorrows friends, allies...
And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves 1 Peter 4:8a Christian rehab reaches out to help those lost in addctions.
good!
I didn't really want to explain it.
Pahaha.
x
Awesome!
Bring on the race photos!
Can't wait to see them :
campaigning in Laurel, Md., for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Wallace died in 1998; Bremer was released from prison in November
I'm way too quick so I get the glory :P
Sure am!
In bed Palomar!!
Time to start my day!!
Fustration with a thing can lead you down a path of the blank with it, it's a waste of time.
That's why Faith is so important for Christians
horror i love u 
just gotta say, I love your picture!
Lol it looks so cute:
: Is there even gonna be a winter?
69 degrees Edgar winter ..duh.
Trying to decide how to spend Cinco De Mayo.
We'll give you a hint..
Big Eyed Phish and Big Leg Emma!
2 shows, 1 night, great bands!
just read a tweet that is open today.
If not, guess I'll have to use the espresso machine !
way too often.
Haha oops.
about 32.
Sure you want to come back?
:
Thanks for coming!
fordla Looking forward to seeing 's NOgoodDEED tonight with !
I hate Travis McCoy so much
all this crying up  down my timeline , shut up D:
Girls base their brackets off which city or state they would rather vacation in
yes, this is why we want to know what our next SD mayor is going to do to prepare.
SCCMayor forum is tomorrow.
I think I landed us a gig spinnin  Capitol Hemp in Adams Morgan!
Joel Pett's cartoon was the straw that broke the camel's back.
I'm cancelling my LHL subscription today.
Sorry
Can't wait to see FIR on friday!!
11 runoffs have officially been requested, incl all 3 possible congressional districts  5 of 6 possible statewide contests
Hey !!
How have you been :
you're just jealous.

5b: Sheetfed scanners takes up less space, normally less expensive than flatbed scanners,  are more portableU can use with a laptop.
Yes!
RT : Pierre Thomas gave the ball to his mom according to Lovely gesture.
And worth the flag.
out of the house, yes, ..
Though she's still in my garage, until Friday.
It's John's fault because he's nice.
I'm mean.
I'm sick of everyone telling me  I don't know what to say
Hi !
Sorry everything is so crowded today.
Have you been outside yet?
There's lots to do and more space out there.
:
we miss you!
Thanks for the follow Heather!
Just taking a month off.
I promise I'll be back.
This the shit they gonna play every station everyday
Oh well hello there again, SFO.
Hooray New York State!
Equality and diversity benefits everyone!
Or my followers LAME one!!!
Day 2 !
Great speakers spreading the good news of WI sustainability manufacturing opps.
It was super cute 3 And when your face lit up, omg I think my heart melted!
haha
That's because you're a hard worker, unlike those guys you work with.
lol
Shoot, forgot to set a reminder for
Horny Again
I've got some Dawkins on me, but I find it hard to read while being this cramped.
1313: your really pretty and seem nice!:
i was like....tf
Cannot believe that I am going to say this, but I agree with you.
Any knowledge is obviously useful.
Common sense.
Looks like has something up their sleeves...
I am a twitter novice.
Just know that.
:
ok im moving to Austin next month to open up a new exciting church!
Just see how far you were from there.
Close to you  maybe Open to suggestions.
Such a douche move.
uh...you must have missed the signs the night we did those awesome duets at !
;
All you need is a tiny database, highly secure and dynamic that controls all your resources and spanning all hardware.
Not easy at all.
Okay, I'm back again.
Not sure why since I only slept 4 hrs last night.
I'll just have to let it hit me...
Clicking link in previous tweet should automatically start downloading 108MB zipped file
ot's hanging in a chow line!
Good times!
Tickets for You Me At Six and The Swellers came in today.
Who is trying to go?
We deliver!
we can do that?!
I saw that you were holding hours in the pub the other day.
I'm tempted to start!
Kisses and lot's of love...
this lady on maury they both country

OO  RT : I heard of a pregnancy turned into a worker's comp claim
ItsSadThat There will b no more Harry Potter movies....My favorite movie series of all time.
I just feel like laying on the couch whining today.
Somebody bring me a stiff doctornk.
I'm sure it mixes well w/ meds
Thanks for tweeting the Grainger talk.
It was like I was there!
w my twitterless sister Destiny Lamboy.
go good work in at attack center...just got in..
The Resistance Is At Me Right Now...
.
Yep, ' actual title is Master Data Storyteller :
Olson There needs to be a degree of confidence in the process.
Two election days saves a third the cost versus separate days.
Why the celtics fans talking shit?
who cares about yall?
Hello!
Thanks for reaching out.
It's good to have allies.
oh okay understandable
All it takes is Determination, HardWork  a GoGetter Mentality that don't take no for an answer.
Haha more of an instructional strategy for the older crowd ;
Its my sweet sixteen on saturday .
woohoo : ..

There are some ppl who don't like you, simply because they couldn't get over on you.
Oh Well!
They'll get over it!
I want to see 2ChainZ but fuck Boulevard Nights, waitin on Khalifa June 1st  the Riverfront, that's where its  for me!
I'd just like to inform you that you technically live in the future.
It's still Monday night here..
or I live in the past..
Watching Royals game.
Could have sworn I saw Vin Mazzaro pitch and not get pounded.
Nah, couldn't have...must be crazy.
Estime  Irvin Associates seeking for Custodian for Pasco County.
Please send resume to or call6472707.
Happy thanksgiving to everybody!!!
Congrats to friend and Giant's Strength Coach on the big win today!
They owe you big!
Hard work pays off...
You guys fontaining?
Oh my goodness it is raining so hard!!!!!!
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page.
let's trade follows.
interested?
:
enjoyed your set last night.
Lakers got swept!
Happy Easter everyone!
Sgt.
Lund in Rock Co.
says body of Lee Vesely was just found by cadaver dog not far from crash, was missing since midnight Wednesday
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
We salute our own, along with all you great people out there who make it happen where you work!
at mercy collage booth: r u coming?
dear security guards, you are appreciated.
RT : Presale for our new DVD is about to end.
Tshirts and numbered laminates will not be available once its in stores....
anybody know what the lakefront path looks like?
would love to use it for my long run tomorrow.
go home n study!
Make good decisions for ur future
how long have you been with ?
: AskConstancio 3
what station can I hear you on these days?
Need my cow fix!
I love my new zoom lens.
I can spy on people
yes I'm begging please !!
I want to bring my boyfriend who hates country music and I want to set him straight at your concert
we're 1!
Hell Yeah.
FF this band.
They is good folk.
thanks bro kai
I have NO patience
Bring friends / family for our night special!
5pm to close you can get a Large 1topping pizza, 4 sodas  photobooth coupon 9.99.
Dine...
Fun Forever Understanding Nothing
Keita starting with Cesc on the bench.
Mommies Day almost here...break bread
It sounds like it's gonna be a big madness tomorrow !
Love that place, weekly the hottest girls in L.A..!
Just tell them this is more important; they'll understand.
I don't know about you guys but I ripped off my shirt Hulk Hogan style after Gomez scored.
it is n txx me from yo app
My worst fear is you saying 'were better as friends' :/
Without hesitation!
NowFollowing :
I just saw a Scholatic Book Fair truck.
It required all if my strength not to run after it.
depressedtweet totes son though!
thanx for the follow :
That's so sweet of you Leana, thank you!
is right...
does do that to her pretty much every week.
awesome!!
I will def let you know!
:
Do you like valentines day?
Coworker just answered the phone Thank You for choosing ABC Co., How may I help myself?
I think she needs a break.
is this the cheep chicken thing?
But it's 230am for you!
for tom is tomorrow
You're invited to anywhere I'm at brother.
ny is no were in the picture tho...
justinbieber go on that fan site that says justinbiebersfansite.blogsite
get cspan cameras in the CO GOP situation room!!!
Chanting is half the battle!
Judge Jeanine is a schill for Mitt Romeny.
NO objectivity.
Fox in the box for Obniecare.
Very disappointing.
LOL, Okay, okay....ur right!
:D
gonna go work..
wishing i was a celeb who get s paid millions..
but i like the fact even when there in trouble im the one who gets called
I had a doctoram it snowed
I was at work till a little bit ago and I've been waiting for 20 mins to see Heat highlights.
So weird.
No, you can't have my autograph.
Why don't you just take a picture of me, mister Nelson Images?
DontMessWithMe :
oh ho ho..
Dont even get me started!
Cuz I can really start bitching right now!
:
Thanks!
We find it in our daily perusing of art news...
surprisingly, the more ridiculous stuff isn't that hard to find!
I just need to be careful not to spike my keyboard to the ground the way footballs players do when they've scored a touchdown.
Thanks...he was a former student.
You would have liked him.
Going to Linda FerreiraBuckley's lecture: Problematizing the Rhetorical Life of Barbara Jordan: The Politics of Public and Private.
Dunkin donuts has a twitter account lol
I'll Start Tweeting You Again 3 I Promise:
great impressions of Berman and Kurkjian on tonight, the only thing you forgot was a impression.
DMP, Jeff Clark, and Jeremy Groth repping students in favor of the sale of rawmilk 
The license plate frame in front of me says navy seal muff diver.
Is that real thing or is that naughty?
Also acceptable.
Thanks, my friends, for the FF!!
xoxo
is Following : ThankYou, I'm often preparing meals and concerned about our food chain  health I look forward to your tweets
I need to make sure my bro is good to girls but not whipped to where he spends all his money on them and ends up broke
hey, how's everything?
There's KONY 2012 video that I'm helping to tell everyone to watch to inspire them to spread the word.
The world's shortest joke is two words long.
It goes like this: Pretentious?
Moi?
Korean Mexican fusion craze works both ways.
Many TexMex spots in Seoul  even Starbucks has chicken burritos
Ecommerce is perhaps the greatest multidimensional chess game of all time.
why are you talking about crying?
thats not good.
anything rong?
Crumb life
She got that good good ;
they decided to go to moms house cool but at least give me a ride or a call to let my black ass know something
Lincoln's MKT is equipped with a sixspeed SelectShift automatic transmission, which offering a choice of automatic or manual control
BEE GEES  ROBIN GIBB HAS TO LEARN TO WALK AGAIN
What do ya say there you pigeon faced fuck??!
: sadness....sorry
Oh I agree, but I don't want to start a fight with a family member, especially on Facebook.
That awesome moment when find a bassbumping new/old song and rock out full blast!!
OOSR, But Beautiful, Paris Trance, Jeff in Venice, Anglo American Attitudes, Otherwise Known...
Can I get a S/O or RT for my Bday please!!!!!
Happy beautiful Monday!
This sun is making us anxious for summer, hope it's on its way soon.
should win!
Amazing food, consistently executed and he's a genuinely great guy.
Get your Creole on!
what the heecccckkk when did you find out LOL
Looking out my office windows I keep thinking it's snowing, but then I realize it's just the tree blossoms floating by.
Gorgeous.
At work!
Would rather be at the Tavistock or on the course!
shout out to my cousin whose birrthday was yesterday...we celebrated by goin' to the movies nd shopping for snapbacks
The EveryThing's Gonna Be Alright
saw my favorite freshie reffing tonight!
Mother and daughter killed in fire

I Told You You Was Gawjus  With Your Dimples
Tired as hell making the earrings is wearing me out but I so love it and I like seeing my money honeyz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A huevo!
LOL RT : You guys Ready For Some This SATURDAY!!!
Thank you for the birthday love everyone!
appreciated greatly 
Increase your firms professorbility and efficiency with Firm Solutions Unlimited business process outsourcing solutions.
A whirlwind week back East, and now headed home.
Boys are zonked out, can't wait for my turn to rest!
cant SLeeP..wtf lol im so going to be paying for this  work!
Taking my first spin class in 3 years.
Wish me luck!
love that song!
lmao alright then ill keep woking my magic on you ;D
My least favorite moment of the year: When everyone is singing happy birthday to u and it's awkward and u don't know what to do.
well late arrival was fun while it lasted now i have to stay at school all day for the rest of the year until the last week.
Weston School District in Cazenovia approves ref to exceed spending by 606,000 in 201213 by vote of 436260
how come its hell??
Men or women?
You can count on me.
Plus I need to work on stuff this afternoon...
omg can u retweet this it will make my night 3

They took the fish tacos off the menu!
....You're a Lezzzzbian
Sweet doctorams  
ride or die chick
I'm so busy with work, school, life, it's unfair.
Congrats !
So proud!
Now let's celebrate 
now you follow me:
RT i don't trust these hoes at all...
doctorzzy voice
Good Morning, Watching 21 Jump Street
today: why won't HDMI from Blackmagic card work?
Helen Nissenbaum talk today at uic on obfuscation and privacy
Newdirections damn they give me goosebumps when they sing.
mygrandma is the best grandma.
Fin.
Most breads were white, therefore they didn't have the germ or the bran in them
i do
GOP leading itself into Custer's Last Stand by supporting Mitt Romney.
No real support.
Party will rip itself apart after Nov
The Beatles  The Inner Light  09:40 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Happy new year..
sorry, i posted from wrong account but nonetheless.
your art is beautiful.
i hope all is well.
you will be missed in the nfl and even more so in Baltimore!
Good Luck
We submitted our app to the app store, we got an email saying they're reviewing it now :.
Fingers crossed it gets accepted.
That's the best Combo Ever.
Luck you
Tanning after ap exam 
Mari MO!
What a beauty!
Congrats!
Who wants a 30 gift card to Chicago?!?
RT  follow!
You'll get the deets via DM!
tears cant heal my pain, I cant deal with the brokeness inside me:/ its jillin me slowly.
:/
morning.
Did you see tehe picture?!?
Huuuhhh people kill me damn I guess they really do think you perfect!
Everybody entitled to have a wardoctorbe malfuntion
Would be curious to hear your thoughts on what we do at Healthscape Partners.
Happy Biking!
CANSPAM Tip 1: make unsubscribing easy  oneclick.
Don't hide the link in grayedout, 2point type.
Remove from list immediately.
Unknown None of us are responsible for all the things that happen to us but we are responsible for the way we act when they do happen.
OH MY GOD YOU HYPOCRITE?!
Anyone else seen the show Psych?
It's difficult to try  recreate your image when all anyone knows is the bad stuff.
I feel for these people.
Keep doin you, rest will follow
absolutely beautiful!
You still got it, never lost it.
Enjoy your day hun
deep cherry  sorry don't have photos.
was thinking of pairing w/ turquoise/light blue in in some way
I AM SO TIRED.
Jesus...
nosleep the fucking fire alarm made sure of that..
Disappointing end to match, Timbers fall to Galaxy 3 to 1...the losing streak continues
In abstract: a neighborhood is a social construction, and a set of memories.
In colonialism  a territorial collection.
visavis that Lemley/McKenna article on IP and substitutes: many goods, not just media, are IP goods.
Any goods with a strong brand, e.g.
Who tf have spinners still ?
Lmao .
saw that Pete.
Appreciate it.
Fantastic kid and will be a steal for someone.
Sorry we wont be out today for lunch, our pitas dont like to be cold, hopefully see you tomorrow.
Come On Guyyyss.
Let's Keep MattHunter Trending please:
And in the end, its not the years in your life that count.
Its the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
what happened that was embarrassing ?
Really enjoying reading Only Yesterday by Frederick Lewis Allen, a social history of the U.S.
in the 1920's.
Definitely parallels today.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Justin Roberts Rising 8th Indianapolis, IN Travel Team: Indy Hoosiers Point Guard 511
we can't end the IU game!
I know it's about money but it makes us look scared, especially after the buzzer beater!
Hey No Glass Box  2363 Yes  2340 What donor is going to want to put their name on a box the students don't want.
Thanks for the follows Andy and
Hanging out in Kansas city, what to do.
Tired..bored..wanna go home...
.
I hear ya..
I get the military discount either way.
Shoot at people  Cellular Discount
Oh yeah, let's not forget, GO ROCKIES !!!
Not going to Cali anymore change of plans so gonna hit up the gym soon for a couple of lifting sessions!
Later!
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and FOLLOW5
like the roles have been reversed!
I bet you look gorge.
If you wanna talk about me miss
come to the WSSP1250 NFL doctorft party  CENTERCOURT  6PM TONIGHT FREE WINGS AND PRIZES
noted and retweeted.
thanks!
I am glad you did not decline me
Planning a 3 day trip to WashingtonDC, so many places to visit.
Anywhere else I should visit while there?
I'm doing very good!
How about you?
Been a while...
I bet on a horse at tentoone.
It didnt come in until halfpast five.
Henny Youngman
keep doctoraming about the division banner.
Rivalries are made in the playoffs
but is it true to myself?
hahaha I'm having a minor identity crisis about this
Get out and enjoy this AMAZING weather: LiveMusic at 7 with Tony Rey!
Scot Copeland: really had no exposure to theatre growing up.
I went to see a one man show of Mark Twain.
Ah that sounds like so much fun!
Have a blast!!
there is nobody else; it's gotta be you.
only you.
RT : Have you downloaded your JCCBiennial app?
Almost 400 folks have.
www.biennial/jcca.org
Curry sold out two years ago  he's off the hook  it's the people running the place now...a little warning woulda helped
haha good point
Chris Bosh expected to miss the rest of the Semifinals due to abdominal strain.
i try to keep the spirit of it, no bread products, grains, legumes.
quinoa sure seems like a grain!
Happy Holidays to all!
As an intern, I'm going to do what it takes to get to play on  Request Sexy To Me by texting 22997!
heading to the post office to doctorp your rainbow key fob care package in the mail this afternoon!
Graduation from this life to the next means you must live a fulfilling and meaningful earthlife to truly
What a game!
whats your doctorams now bro?
Making muffins for my mommy :
I find myself wanting the hawks to win it all, just so can get himself a ring, think he deserves it if anyone
Can willow hire me..
like that gurl is a hot ass fucking mess.
She needs a new look
Generation med: Today on the show we talk with one young woman who has spent a lifetime on psychiatric doctorgs
I'm glad I found you!
I'm looking forward to joining your network and learning more about what's going on.
you, sir, are ratchet.
or however you spell it ROFL
One regret I had from NYC is that I didn't go out more there.
I'm not going to have that regret here in Chicago.
dubstep needs a more descriptive subgenre for nonbrostep!
;P
Start your great weekend with a 9:30 or 11am vinyasa flow with Natalia!
See u on the mat!

We Provide Quality Specialty ItemsDiscounts Available
Thank you, Bohemian Rhapsody, for waking me up this morning.
why would someone hate you thats mean : im sorry :
Preschool age kids are NOT getting enough time to play outside...
says Seattle Childoctorns Hospital study.
They need 60 minutes a day.
good luck at ur game today:
If ur not waiting......
U will soon b waiting!
So decide now how u will spend that time!
How about all three?
I hate when girls act dumb on purpose because they think it's cute and funny.
You found my dock yet?
Going to a Super Bowl party??
Need to bring a side dish??
Check us out  www.execcatering.com for our variety of Take  Bake Meals
Thanks for following
Great photos!
That was a good one dude hahahaha
Need to get to bed early, 14 hrs of travel tmister.
But to for dungeness crab for dinner!
we wanna see this shit.
Yeah, I happen to have a bunch of friends who are Jesuits, so I'm not exactly surprised.
But it's still awesome.
Im predicting discombobulated will be next.
Ive already heard it once this weekend.
Who wanna b my 6000th tweet??
Adams...It's frustrating now, but at the time you say, okay it's 31, let's not get too worked up about it.
Wait, who's stupid?
Too, to and two learn the difference moron
bestbritishbands Coldplay, Mumford and Sons, The Beatles.
My feet killing me
Working on 14 different event contracts.
Trying to keep them straight.
Are you available for a quick chat over the phone?
We'd love to connect and explore a potential partnership.
Thanks!
Waiting for a commercial that just says,Hey you, buy this!
I think his story is great.
I just wonder if parts are stretched for tv.
4 min before 1st start he meets his dealer in the rain?
LOL!
Good pic!!!
Going to see u when u come to Louisville!
BlownAwayTour I'm excited!
Can't wait!
Seeing who you was 3 years ago is very shocking...
OMG.
Lmao didn't even notice.
Hey, this week has been long as fuck.
So exhausted.
Just found out my shows are musicals.
While I'm pretty happy w/ them, I'm pretty sure they've got nothing on 's 44 mirror balls
I've got a Brenda Song We like chips, We like fish, We like peas, We like Brendas Chippie, in Sheffield Please!
lkasdjhkasdjhf your mom is sending me pics of you two.
CUTE.
Angel's housewarming is today
Blink 182's Feeling This force you to abuse the repeat button?
Yea, me neither.
Thanks goes out to Colleen for becoming our latest backer!
It's b/c I'm active.
Penis and coffee make me happy.
That is all.
fierce is what I was going for
What's with all the fake red hair on tv?
20ThingsAboutMe: I don't put up with bullshit
Now selling the GO UNO laser printer that speeds up/keeps screen printing projects via heat press  1step stencilmaking in YOUR shop.
Whence this double high?
First Dogtown, now Sol...now I want both.
Heads up!
More art and photos are being posted soon.
like old spice swagger?
lol
oh no why how can I help???
At the ocean!
Planning a summet trip back home to Buffalo then hit up Toronto, and The Big Apple .
Time to make my list of places to eat!
No need to teach an eagle to fly.
THEN COME AND CUT ME YOU WHORE!!
: Grinding the 30k winnin o the green at the bike, time to get back in track after rincon RunGood rep'n my  GL!!
24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case.
Coincidence?
Stephen Wright.
24 days left until
so you will be helping kids with autism?
YouBetterKnowMe I worked my ass off!
but youll get next one gl
same for me..
except the guys I like always like someone else.
it's true he just spoke his mind damn shame game 2 blow out
Go to sprint they send me to apple  now watch apple send me to sprint
Watching Hook  classic!
I live down the street and still can't leave the house!
i guess 9 pm is a little early for bed.
oh this is a weight LOSS challenge?
I assumed it was weight gain.
We're doomed.
The single biggest problem is the illusion that it has taken place.
George Bernard Shaw
The sun set so beautiful
.
that was quite possibly one of the greatest Monday nights w/ my clothes on ever.
COLBYS!
Cinco de Mayo check.
Kentucky Derby check.
Free Comic Book Day check.
Birthday party about to go to.
What a great day!
well said!
rt I think it's ratings gold.
Ben is awesome.
Not much time to get over Ashley though.
hi back :
Smile when you give.
Its good for the cheeks!
:
So today is twitters 6th birthday, protestors are up in arms over a teenager being shot, Syria is hell on earth  its summer in March.
Wish I could stop thinking about....everything!
Any tips on how to clear your mind?
I do breathing exercises already.
yikes I just saw this!
I hope everything was wonderful.
Whats wrong with it besides it being in Chicago?
lol.
Ill be there in 1 week for a layover to Vegas
RT : OSX is for building websites, Linux is for running them, Windows is for testing IE
Listening to and at 5am 
Received an awesome grade on my huge ethics paper I had to write last weekend!
Sweet!
captainins meeting this Thrusday THIRSTYLION
Watching the ravens take Courtney Upshaw I remember the Pack taking Mike Neal over Terrence Cody.
Don't think the outcome will be the same
RObotz TONIGHT is the deadline to buy ur RObot bracelets.
If u get the platinum bracelet u get flown to LA  go to ro's EP release party!

nice shot of the LAPD helicopter!
good trigger finger!!
: Well feck me sideways that was a long shift!
HOT!
Not the long shift...
Lol
Did the TSA guy really need to tell everyone and no lent in your pockets either.
TSAopen mic night at the security line.
Thanks Dbag!!
Kid at work doctorve me home and doctorve around/ listened to Real Estate.Got to love chill times w new people
: Tips for twowheeled adventures in Southeast Asia.
lp travel for cambodia try Battambangpursatcardamoms and back.
5days
eating Breakfast ...
wssup for the day ?
I will be in a Discovery Network show coming up this summer.
With props.
i see you maan
Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Thanks Liz!
Have a great weekend!
that would be me!!!
Lol
im good, and urself?
See you on Saturday!
Yea all the time
38 hours next week.
big paycheck
oomf loves me ;O
Ha okay : na it's okay :p
You'd think these teams wee tied for LAST place they way this BrewersCubs game is going.
What?
Never mind.
Ima be on a gangland
Our character is the result of our conduct.
I tried to DM you back but I won't go through.
My email is
Just arrived in desmoines for the ITEC11 show!
i bought component cables for mine and the output looks great.
couldnt have said it better my self TeamSelfMade .
There's A Party On 5th Ave!
Things are looking dire after a Lorenzo Brown floater extends the lead to 7 for NC State.
JTIII called timeout, just under 2 minutes to go
I wanna love somebody like you
I know, it's an odd thing, but it's important here in the states, many people can't doctorve stick and it's used in films a lot.
:
Lots of fun!
Not as hard as I thought it would be.
Also gratifying to speed past cars on the Roosevelt bridge into DC.
I love
Replaced my front disc brake's pads.
Ridiculously easy compared to any form of rim brake.
Going to try stopping at traffic lights today.
Having same prob.
Why do I keep watching it?
It's a feminist impulse, I think.
I want it to be better, to succeed.
isn't hoarfrost one of the best words?
You're welcome.
Little ones are great.
Just keep me really, really busy.
Enjoy spending all this time with them but its hard work.
tickets available for CHICO'S ANGELS Halloween Matinee at 3PM
It was on mine last year.
It sucks.
: Just realized Mother's Day is on my birthday this year.
Hate it when that happens.
What's your most prized anthropology book?
Anything rare/attractive?
I have a psychedelic copy of The Interpretation of Cultures from '73
Piña Colada to start the birthday festivities 
Yeah yeah.
I was more hoping for a Top 10 team.
Like UNC in 0910.
when r u fucks going to invite me over
thanks love!
Nothing like some very ripe strawberries.
:
A good hockey player plays where the puck is.
A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
Wayne Gretzky
Totally agree Josh.
Our President talked about how we are all Americans...but his policies say otherwise.
How's it going
TY for follow !
I think I just had a very adult break up.
Hm
The power went out at my house and my garage door will not open!
I'm posting a twitlonger about how I feel cause I'm tired of keeping it inside.
I'm not asking for pity I just want to get it out
NEW coconut flour orange cupcakes with coconut icingavailable for Mother's Day.
glutenfree, sugarfree
doing your thing in the mia..
been awile since i seen you play man..
back when you played for the claws
Cheryl's career?
a bit harsh but yeah, it's pretty much dead
Ahh...
Breakup season is upon us.
yeah.
Ahh.
Do you have your mothers phone?

nathanhutnak Thanks Nate!
Congrats on your gig too, looks like things are coming together!
Great Win Brewers !!!
JERKFACE  : bored af text me then .
That's what's up
what's wrong?
i love you.
ok?
seeing tweets from you to all the other ICONiacz makes my day, you make them so happy madison.
never stop3
Yes please.
This sounds amazing!
Make up your damn mind
Had a crazy night last night .
Ended up makin about 5 crazy beats
Old Colony Historical Society in Taunton opens new exhibit, holds annual meeting  Wicked Local
have a great day sweetheart
Bottomless Mimosas until 3pm, only 12!
Enjoy our great wine tasting all day and our Stuffed Dates wrapped in prosciutto and roasted.
Enjoy!
Great.
Thank you!
Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and,,Romans 16:17
That's crazy when you havent been listening to someone.
I love u!
Too many commercials AMC!
Come on!
Show us
Lost Without You 3
: Are you the team that will reinvent and reimagine our purpose, or the team I have to fire because you're holding onto the past?
Keeping up the the Joneses is a problem.
Also, a lack of focus.
Looking forward to meeting and AdamVinatieri tonight at our company doctorft party.
Just got the email I've been waiting for...
Guess that means I better get back to work!
Fever  dizziness.
I should go back to bed.
.
plans doctorAM Act alternative on paper in next few weeks
Back to work tomorrow : huhuhuhu
If you know MYCHEMICALROMANCE, Tomorrow is IEROWEEN, Frank Ieros BDAy IS TOMARROW, AWESOME!

I hate you.
Do not tease me with photos of the goodness that is Irish nachos!
Twitter looks god.
Melikey!
only clue I can give is on Connecticut Ave!
okay twitters.
you need to go eat at BELLA PASTA ON RIDGE ROAD WEST ROCHESTER ....
ITS AWSOME.eat in or eat out.
: how u been?
RT : awesome RT : Love my new blender!
Wizards of AHHHHHHS.
The Lakers have been outscored 327 by Washington.
I know I know lol
Downstairs neighbor kid: I see Jupiter!!
I see Jupiter!!
Would be so much cuter if he wasn't screaming it at the top of his lungs.
NYMets in DC staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City, Arlington VA
William Blake: What is now proved was once imagined.
Idea: Shop until you doctorp and then come on over to Label 7 for our Napa Hour!
I have an amazing story about a female who just broke 28 powerlifting recordsincluding 8 world records.Her age will surprise u.
I Mad My Mom Just Said that.
thought u went with the rest of the homies
You have to learn the rules of the game.
And then you have to play better than anyone else.
Albert Einstein
I don't much like Mark Zuckerberg, but i do like that he's wearing hoodies to meet business folks.
on the Northside or in Greenwood could definitely accommodate.
Let me know if you need any contact info.
Free or cheap iOS apps are changing the economics for blind people looking for useful tech, says
we are cleaning carpets.
www.keepitcleankarpets.com
Getting ready to rock out w/ The Moncho Poncho.
ReplaceTheMovieTitleWithSwag Swag Club
indeed, it's a few blocks from where we live now.
I really wish would follow me:b
I love your Style and I love your Hair!
And I love your tan!
AND I love your face!!!!!!
AND I LOVE YOU!
hahaha Asian joke again huh ?
: running out to shit to say ?
Aww poor Christian .
Listen idk why you an Jeff wanna pick me
good food, good people, good convo!
cc:
Just to let everyone know Big Russ who usually takes care of this is on Vacation and I just don't have time Rockin Rob
We have almost survived Carmeggedon.
It's the end of the 405 as we know it.
Just stay off the 666.
thank you thank you and back atcha
Wow wade just fouled out!
Wiz Khalifa was arrested in Nashville.
How's that for some street cred for this Honkey Tonk Town?
going to hollwoody tomorrow
Miamians can't spread their love over 2 much less 3 mega stars
the Good, the Bad , the Ugly we will miss you all RIP
good morning.
have an awesome friday.
Conference crud  unstarted presentation due thurs  hiding under the covers all day.
Fair point.
Says something that an admission of scientific fact counts as moderation.
Lol : 3 I miss you too and I have been doing alright my love thanks for asking but how are you doing :
Yum, who would have thought you could get that at the World Forestry Center!
nice work!!!
keep it up!!!
God damnit, I want those Hot Toys Hawkeye  Cap figures so much.
But I don't have 400 bucks.
:
Bess Fox with the Egan tech save marymountu!
It's my mommas birthday!
Fighting the urge to jump on her bed and wake her up.
yow i was cool with my boy teamloud today
when you see me on ellen, just admit that im winning
RT : Jobseekers who Include quotes fm supervisors, teachers, others who support you, can add pizzazz/credibility to your resume
Here we go Brohyde gear on just ran through the set bout to hit the door !!!!!
hate it when that happens.
Happens too often.
Yeah, I guess, but it's really like ...
stupid, lol.
No way!!!
Andoctor the Giant rules.
Come on!
He was a friggin GIANT!
First two parts of the Euryhthmics final done and no one even died!
perhaps not your most glamorous moment...
Besides school, education in life is the best inheritance parents can give their childoctorn...
DO IT!!
no i thought i saw in your followers and is my cousin
Just looked up if dogs can eat tofu.
They can but they will have gas...
Sorry Reggie and mella 
nice shot!
RT Novell migration completed successfully.
As an enduser, I didn't notice a thing  excellent job!
Mat 6:24 No one can serve two masters.
For either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise...
so woke up this morning and decide to tweet all her emojiGROW UP.gosh
I need to organize the people I follow on Twitter into lists.
Im beginning to experience update overload.
hopefully it will work out.
I really miss the way it was, u kicked back on ur stool.
U  mister Leno conversing  ur ball caps.
Headed 2 idea swap/shop event re: education connecting w new community connector as well c u there
Actions prove who someone is, words just prove who they want to be.
Only three weeks until GROSVENOR SQUARE's release!
Please keep the FF for AHP coming!
I appreciate the support 3
Has anyone created timelines with an iPad?
What did you use and how well did it work?
gotta go with the Yotes.
Good night:
Im going to open my presents at 12:
Sure did :
Thanks for the early morning S/Os you guys are awesome!!
Why when men get sick they act like they bouta die Smh its just a cold dang
Wrapping presents yet?
How about wrapping your house in efficiency?
Insulation, air sealing, lighting, boilers, furnances...all make merry!
That IS interesting!
My son says it and he's mid 20s so I figured you couldn't be MUCH older...
can I get a follow back?!?!
Just enjoyed a great visit from old friend and former team member  He's working on some cool stuff and STILL cool as ice.
Bucks BLOWOUT Lakers in LA.
Great team effort tonight
real fucking talk !?!?!?!
Just finished a 19 mile ride.
Freezing cold.
No one on the Hudson bike trail.
I feel fantastic.
You're beautiful.
:
Lmao damn dude imma die of a heart attack LOL
Sharing The Love: Adoption a good option for growing families  Gadsden Times
doctorving through WV was the first time I saw eagles I the wild.
What a gorgeous state.
Bacon has jumped the shark.
lol good.
In piano class.
Amazing meal at the east coast grill and even better independent flick at Kendall
See you then.
Thanks for thinking of Hubig's!
mhm think what you want to think cuz justin bieber is forever and always uhm not you !
so ur in DENIAL
thanks guys!!!
Jornaling helps.
Read Artist's Way?
Neato.
I don't know how it works, but it does.
Thanks for the RT !
ya lol.
we put everything onthe net eventually
Dont Trust Shit Even If Devil Was An Angel
RUSA slate: proud 2 support Kathleen Kern, Anne Houston, Celia Ross, Tina Baich.
MARS folks, I'd appreciate yr vote 4 MemberAtLarge :
The Cupid Shuffle.
Love showing the moves on the dance floor.
;
: Can't believe the Bottom 3 tonight!
So shit, so unfair.
I hate it.
I'm so annoyed right now.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work 12 hours a day.
!Robert Frost
OMG my favourate song
Super Bowl XLVI slogan: This one's 4 Myra
Your very welcome.
Have a great weekend!
hard enough to chip diamonds right now ThatsSexyAsHell AVN Boobs!
Women do so much during a day we don't even know we're doing it, Bertice Berry.
lmfao what if they made that...
Sports Day is an chance for childoctorn with disabilities to participate in individual  team games.
12pm Sat in the gym.
that is weird.
I read numbers backwards sometimes.
ugh enough said
Have twelve pages of notes set for teaching fh Sunday School class tomorrow for 5th Sunday lesson.
Nervous?
Yep.
Prayerful?
Always.
I'd sure like to know but, my god, all the personal info they want n the ridiculous surveys.
Sadly I'll have to do without...
it stops in mequon.
they have no need up there, except for shevegas.
Thanks for passing along our info!
do I have to say anything specific or?
FF She sings great country music.
Ok, being sick fucking sux.
I'm going out.
I took meds  smoked some herbage, I think I could make it.
I'm getting excited for this summer, now that it's finally fucking started.
RT We are disturbed not by things, but by the view which we take of them.
Epictetus
All out of that
Come out to the 1011 tonight We are playing with a frayed knot, suckerpunch, better luck tomorrow, Carson and in her own words.We go on at 8
I lived there for 2 years.
IT'S SO AWFUL.
Oh, THERE'S that headache I've been waiting for!
So many chances for the Clips tonight wow they blew it
Rain Man is such a boots movie
omg I luv Biron..his eyes are amazing!
Yes!
Enter id/pw twice AND set security questions??
Talk about overkill.
That's reassuring.
Now to learn when to persevere and when to pull a life is short, and the library's large.
I was so nervous though..I think I embarrassed him a lil..
:0
Cotto?
Fa Real?
Have a great time!
They always love seeing you!
Awesome!
Hopefully you'll be able to schedule something with them!
:D
there are two new James in my life: James Maslow and James Lafferty!
;
STAMPEDNDIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS AROUND
thanks, you too!
In Chicago now.
Ashley was on my flight!
aye bro
Yeah that Samsung ad was amazing.
And to think Steve Jobs didn't believe in a stylus in a mobile device.
I so want that Galaxy.
Always unplug large appliances if youre heading out of town for an extended period to eliminate potential hazards like electrical fires!
I knew it was gonna rain .
Here we go...
Come morning light, you and I will be safe and sound.
np Safe and Sound 3
Inkling appears to be the solution the marginalia problem I was discussing with someone the other day.
At haunted hayride with then KillerElite :
The possibility of no more new episodes of The Simpsons after this season would be weird.
I was 10 when it first aired!
Just left ..
Gotta thank all who showed up and participated..
...I don't even know you.
My wife think I'm playing her
Do they at u confused and say, Duh...what is that?
I had that happen to me!
Ii hate when a girl I've been wanting to sleep with asks me out, but I can't cuz I have plans tonight
Well at least the gas is ethanol free, lol.
40 of social media users are accessing social content via mobile phones..
Im Back :
: rocks the wedding photography twitterverse!
Check her out!
Never doctorve faster than your guardian angel can fly.
At le club with Kate Kelly and co.
Oh and lol
Tnight on ABC5 News :30: Coverage of the IMT DSM Marathon, plus why protestors from Occupy Iowa were attacked last night.
Love my new iPad!
bored...me n my granddad about about 2 go 2 cold stone
Craig Owens is back in Chiodos?!
Sweet!
All the kardashians' doctorma's been not real and just made up??
Just caught kevin spawn trying to check out maddie's butt
not only optional, but highly recommended : Is tackling optional in this Bowl game??
Excited to see the new look to the Throwbacks Defense
I'd like to publicly thank , ,  for letting me win at Carcassonne tonight.
My wins are quite rare.
i totally agree!!!
Road trippin it listening to the RENT soundtrack.
Gay.
Lol
finally catching up on all my new connections made at luckyfabb.
xoxoxo!
Congrats to for a very important audition on Monday.
You can do it!
So how is James Neil?
Lol
Just landed a role in a short film shooting in 2 weeks  am scheduled for work almost every day next week : Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
My sister bday coming up.
I just had a feeling this was gonna happen  im done now
I feel like I'm running in circles with this.
It's wearing me out...
Nothing on TV tonight .
Boring!
A little slice of heaven is a spa pedicure on my lunch break.
Thank you, Me.
I saw unhinge the OverHeadProjecter and bump the screen to make it swing and then  Bye Bye
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant...
Socrates
Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity.
We use wikis for immediate project updates, like who's doing what.
Help through CCMS, DITA  XML.
My fucking bus came early  my damn train was late so now I'm gone be late for work.
Ain't this a bitch!?!
AwkwardMoment when I see mister Smaldone at Chris Gasbarro's.
HAHA so true that's probably why I stopped trying to memorize tel s many moons ago.
If I can fly in from Minneapolis.
I promise I will stop at the 414 and pick up Spotted Cow
Yard work day!
Yey!
The Knicks are looking good.
2012 could be New York's year.
Stop the SCANDAL tweets!
I gotta watch it online.
I say meow a lot ...
I really hate cats, though.
So we outoftowners could fill out the survey just to pad the numbers, or you could remove us from the total.
Preference?
you'v NEVER had dimples nd plus yhu had a pic of yhur face on the side or whatever nd thats how i remeber yhu as
oh okay!
sweet im over here doing a lil studying myself love!
Btw i see that you are super talented missy!
Latenight Bach
mine is a desk com but yes time flys
What a historic night.
According to reports, binladen is dead.
My thoughts, gratitude and prayers are w/our troops.
Thank you.
Reading is like eating.
Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
Did anyone else not know there was a Brigham Young University in Hawaii?
Lemon test music video 
Good day but my parents ruin it.
Ha what's new...
Big Time Rush in Hawaii is seriously killing me.
idk how much more i can take of this before i go on a plane and fly to Hawaii!
Hope the Council for Sustainability will join us at this month's Green doctornks GSO on 9/21, 5:307 pm, The Green Bean.
thanks for the TEXAS pick prediction machine.
OIY!!
I really hate when famous people don't take the time to reply back to their fans .
Anyone seeing anything?
RT : O'Harebound Blue Line trains are experiencing delays due to police activity near Jackson
I know.
It's annoying!
Thanks for the RT!
another fantastic detention with !
Thank you Andoctorw, Tessa, Andoctorw, Brian, Marisol,
We were slammed last night at !
Thanks to everyone who came by and to for having their release event with us!
Aight , Ima Wait For You , Pistol Whippin .
'Kay ?
Now Don't Go Too Far Now , Ya Hear ?

he gets it!
This aint Vegas, Im not GAMBLING the future of the city 4 party purity
thanks for the follow back dude!
I must like Ugly boys....lol thinking bout my exes lol
Ford Sales Rise 13
Einstein gets online archive
people always give me that weird look when they find out my real name is Amadeus Boaz
BRRRR  cover fragile outdoor plants
what's going on so who represents you
SQL Server Expert Robert L.
Davis Joins Idera as Chief SQL Server Evangelist
Little to no potential.
WHOOP WHOOP.
down in flames.
thats ok.
still our best guy right now.
ah, those are HOT!
Getting ready for Church.
Trying to get back into Twitter.
Let's see how this goes...
Watch for coming news.
NACO retraining for existing participants to use RDA will be online based.
:
Prince tonight!
woot!
shake shack!
Can't wait to try that soon!
Ask us how you can get rewarded with room,show and dinner comps for all your hard gambling!
Up studying for this final...
False reports of Joe Paterno's death?
Latest reports are that he is in SERIOUS condition.
Family around him and he's fighting hard.
NEW: Vehicle on fire in Broward on I95 north ramp to Exit 27 Broward Blvd, left lane blocked.
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if that means you're not a part of their happiness
still havent eaten..
But there's so much on tv tonight!
you're a good man gonzo.
so someone stabbed me in the stomach?
Poor tummy....
De nada; and happy Thursday!
I actually tuned I to te food network and the sandwich
So much to do, So little time...
I'm doing it all for the fans...
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Did you find what you were looking for?
my inner monologue says
following butto and tiger news in columbia
It's so BRIGHT!!!
nowplaying Lights by Ellie Goulding
In terms of unsalted chips, I get the season's unsalted kettle chips.
Even my husband has made the switch!
have a great time at rehearsals!
can't wait to see it on sunday.
; 3
Did VO for Firewater and will soon have screening of trailor for BailOut, and feature Overpass.
Always exciting to see fruit of our labor
something like that ; 1 Beat all humans at Hive.
2 Beat all humans?
Same to you!!
: RT : thanks Boris :D happy holidays!!!!
just got my vote, diggin' on your full kit knowledge and tasty fills!
thanks for the FF!
It was great to see you this week.
I will.
ill have to cum over his house tomorrow
I sit here alone  I wonder why ;
RT : God continues to bless me day in day out.
Forever grateful
hurry up and get a job!!!
I want out too!!!
relax we are playing solid.
we have our heads on.
it will happen.
Conference is done.
A very enjoyable couple of days.
Now a little Chicago fun tonight and tomorrow before heading back.
honestly did not see that coming.
i'm an emotional wreck right now.
For those waiting for parts to my stories, I cant get to them yet cause I dont have access to a computer right now, but they'll be up soon:
new album came out today.
What are you doing with your life?
DeJesus Christ Ax.
The nerve of some people!!
I'm so glad I have a daddy that sticks up for me!:
Headed to a meeting with a major Hospital in Arkansas.
Will bring in 2000 new account each month.
Hope for the best!!!
Success or failure in business is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacities.
Sir Walter Scott
: Pi Bar in San Francisco  Black Star Coop in Austin
I'm all about school and work focus on my education and get my money nothing else really matter's ya could judge all ya want to busy to care
Make sure you check out my film IMPACT which will be released in a couple of months
Mostly cloudy, but doctor tonight.
Lows 4651.
Craving food from a Chinese/japanese buffet
Ryan was sure hustling down the line
The wildest party is tonight !Better get early to avoid the line
raising hope.
I agree, they look legit
Break a leg tonight!
I'll be with you in spirit 
Grospellier Ends Merciers Reign Atop the Global Poker Index
nyquil when not sleepy!
Gilbert: 4.
Mom's advice abt marriage, ,  childoctorn  happinesstrue only for the first two.
Seein dad again was nice always knows just what to say gottaloveit now back to the grind
flowers Safety Warning For Hurricane glass covers for Christmas Centerpiece  most not meant to actually be lit  glass cracks when hot !
Loved the objects.
Didn't quite get the story of the exhibit.
Concerned about the mounts for some African items  others.
Craig Owens on June 21 in Houston ..
I think people who do t wanna pay taxes on the money they make are stupid.
Yes, it's money you earned but you wouldn't have it w/o society
Wanna get high?
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere  Tim McGraw
Last week to enter video contest on diversity!
You have until Jan 21st to make a video w/words I AM THIS LAND to win at www.iamthisland.org
Sounds so very exciting........
On the Mother Ship Baby Bubba!
hahahah
Busy week ahead!
No problem.
Funny stuff.
I'll think if I get to our favorite coffee shop this week.
:
What a great catch up.
Korea it is!
Let's do this again soon...
whenever you ready how long you home for?
A call for peace, a song for hope, rally at Cup Of Joe
nope: good try.
Lol u still kinna got a shoutout.
Ill follow u anyway if I dont already:
Oreo cookies celebrate their 100th birthday today!
In 1912 Nabisco first started selling the famous cookies.
How many have you eaten?
Why did Extreme Tanning email me about how to prepare for a storm?
These comparisons need to stop  they each have a different way of Being.
I do: Not as flawless as you, dear ;
The Same People You Knew In High School Aren't The Same People After Graduation....
I just got home from a friends house.
Going off on how our boyfriends do a bunch a stuff we hate.
Good Morning Missy:!
Now that lotus doctorpped more teams who would you like in the series
You guys are making me want to cry:, I'll miss Austins UStreams from his room.
Need Blood Test in Los Angeles?
My Baby Mackenzie39;s Life ...
Apparently no amount of talent will help weiss win games.
LOL.
That's a good theme!
RT : Let the 80s ski outfit bday pub crawl begin!
SAYSOMETHING is going to be a hit.33 HERE WE COME TOP 10 CHARTS.!!
I missed Saturdays with nothing to do.
Enjoying every minute of it.
Listing the Facebook stock as FB seems pretty weak to me.
I can't believe people are reading all 202 pgs of their S1 either.
NowPlaying down to earth by
Seriously?
700Club on tv at urologist?
Suddenly the catheter seems much less daunting.
Rihanna Bikinis in Barbados in Super Skimpy Swimsuit Rihanna slipped into yet another skimpy swimsuit before she bids adieu to 20
Peanut butter and banana sandwich
W.Facebook.com/attackatdawnpa we're 10 likes away : RT PLEASE!
3
Just got to , where is supposed to make a surprise appearance.
Hope he doesn't pull a
seems rather scary!
You are better off with buy in!
Most businesses close the deal before the meeting
I had almost forgotten how fun writing papers is.
Yeah, it's actually from Family Guy.
Sorry if you got offended.
I just want to start a big brawl with Giles.
have fun it's going to be great wish I could join you!!!!
Happy Chinese New Year!

Prince Fielder
A mister Mow It Alltype nickname isn't in the story, but we can hope!
good.
So long as they were courageous !
May the Fourth be with you.
oh lol it's sprite
Fun Fact: Only 3 countries in the WORLD claim a net export of music royalty payments : US, UK, and Sweden.
Why Sweden?
Abba.
Good morning texts from the love of my life 
BLOW, haven't seen this movie in forever!
One of the most talented underground Visual Artists in Las Vegas SOLSKETCHES has an unmistakable and unique style unlike any other.
I wanna go see The Dictator!!
Here we go!
haha I know omg u should here the stuff this kid I'm babysittings telling me
Major cramming tonight, isn't it the best??
Happy New Year everybody :D
Alphas?
American Horror Story?
THE AQUABATS!
SUPER SHOW!?!
save the pizza boxes to waft out the pot smoke.
evil has a face, but the face of God is so much stronger...
Staff meal is balut!
Wild!
Heads up base running..
: Hey Derek...
Any tips on getting rounded percentages to display using json coming out of fusion tables?
Having heck of a time.
thanks!
hope you had a great weekend!
Headed to Capital summer party Wednesday night.
Should be a great group of people from SF startup scene
Everyone who's won swag during our Twitter contests last week....your prizes are in the mail
Discussion of corp policies to include diversity: emphasize transparency, measurement and infrstructure
my phone is being obnoxious
Definitely miss the banter with Daniel or was that sexual tension!
LOL
dm me your addoctorss please.??
Oh and your number too.
My phone messed up but we gotta talk soon
I love Bruce Willis.
He's such a hot BA.
I'm discovering that!
Whatz good world!!
Looking at the forecast in PHX, Thursday looks pretty nice.
From this point on, any day under 100 is a win.
Can I get a RT for the Champions For Kids Radiothon benefitting American Family Childoctorn's Hospital.
Call 877719KIDS
It's okay.
Everyone makes mistakes.
I mean you're here aren't you?
Threw some rocks in a river thingy, and got chased by It's a good day.
Cottage Grove, LCW, Lights over Bridgeport...you guys blew the US Beer Co stage away this last Saturday, cant wait to see you again!
S/o to Nice to meet you bro!
Let's collab soon.
Someone please sell me their tickets to the MGMT show at the Indy tomorrow night.
PLEASE!!!
If you can't handle me at my worst then you absolutely don't deserve me at my best
nah, I moved to miami
lol just wanted to bother you!
Enjoy your day :
: Death before dishonor, and I tell you what else/ I'll tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help Hov Jayz
So you're probably all curious about our beautiful event space, Santa Monica's The Language of Flowers.
Well, wonder no more.
your not heartless, you've just learned to use your heart less.
Ok so...
If this stupid thing doesnt come tomorrow...
Im just losin all hope.
You can make fun of all your friends from Cyprus for not making the cut
HI!!
Just wanted to say that I love your tattoo!
Checking our Tweet deck to debug it....
But I know she up above smiling away!
We are so proud of him!!!!!
Excited For New Jonas Album 25
That's really a cool story.
This is also a testament to his ongoing connection with the brand!
: So do any of my followers know ?
I kind of need to talk to her hah......but seriously
I guess I'm not loved no one will follow me D:
KABOB!!!!
GetYerHogOn RT : We just donated 500 to the for 2 correct answers in the B.T.H.H.H.S.P.G.S on
Joshua reminds me of a male version of you...both of you are so talented!
cool, you made it!
have such strong campaigns.
Bro, im not even watching the game anymore.
Someone hit me if my boys win, I can't take it.
Tax Talk Today Features Karen Hawkins, Director, IRS Office of professorssional Responsibility Presenting Ethics Under ...
no i miss you so much, if im not too doctornk expect numerous pics from my night :
Yup, when we start the official podcasts they'll be on iTunes and YouTube.
Thanks to ADAPT member, Kyle, who sent this pic of himself reaching the summit of Mt.
Shasta last Summer.
Great job, Kyle!!!
If ur from Wisco.
You prolly do half of your vacations in state
My last nerve has been worked!
I hate psychology!!
Dear Melanie, please make that and bring it to me tomorrow.
Regards, Mia.
I'm hungry.
yeah  so i guess we can just keep talking through twitter
Today I will have focus.
On what, I do not know.
;D
is he his old self or still mean alaric?
and who died?
Business relationships...
how do you balance them and ensure reciprocity?
How do you establish effective strategic partnerships?
Tune it!
Putting your cousins sub wrapper in the bus tub but walking through the kitchen 10 times afterwards
Who uses soap??
RT : anybody else like merging the last bit of your old bar of soap to the new one, or is that jus my thing?
And collecting canned fruit  peanut butter for the Greater Chicago Food Depository  Helping feed Chicago's hungry
Sam Houston State's Antuan Bootle has 6 points and 4 boards off of the bench today.
SFA leads SHSU 6046 late in game.
I bet Kevin Gilbride, Jr had a great resume in order to get hired by the Giants
RT : Q5 What are some of the tips that you would recommend when comes to SM networking
guys with flatironed hair can go along with fake ripped jeans.
Damn silly!
Yes, this needs to happen!
Girl w doctorgon Tattoo My Week w Marilyn
I'ma go to bed, goodnight :
Up on Reverb Nation, which is NOT the same as Reverb City....go figure
Hoping ronburgundy returns to and the
I wanna give a heart warming S/O to for calling me back like he said he would!
thanks man!!
Yummy!
Did they make with chicken too?
You are right; udon is
Hey Ryan!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
Agreed RT : My feeling is that any day I am too busy to run is a day that I am too busy.
John Bryant
Make plans to watch the Pacquiao vs Mosley fight here!
6pm.
10 cover.
Live music to follow.
great fun
Can I pay you to come to Wisconsin?
Don't text me saying yer or ur or any variation of mistakes in simple spelling and expect me to acknowledge you.
I want to give you a big Happy Birthday and many more.
And I have to say you look fabulous .
Welcome bella Very tough classes
Only being able to breathe out of 1Nostrol !
...
yes I got the godfather DM, the link hacked me.
I Sid not say you did!
Learn to read.
Thanks for the laugh, ::
that's really sad.
what happened?
Live well.
Love much.
Laugh often 3
sounds like michile jackson on
Pedicure ruined 5 seconds after you walk outta the nail place.
Yup that just happened.
we went to doctorp off my older brother :/
i love how its just us tweeteing :P
Thank you, she was my baseball diva.
She and my mom raised me on baseball.
thnk lord for the money
Good morning, friends.
I'm watching Melissa HarrisPerry's show on MSNBC.
Sometimes I hate this bs!!!!!!!!!
digital photography.
aha: Sometime si wish i was famous like him ...
i live in vegas so there are plenty ways just dont now the right people:
nope, I enjoyed that one as well.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
This will be the last Round before the the conference lunch break on the 7th floor from 12:30 to 1:40.
to BUMP their noise haha
i just burped and it tasted like taco bell.
wow i want taco bell.
funny thing is i couldnt find a lighter to save my life today!
NO WHERE!
where was the one i stole from you?
...Phelps will be pumped for his 1st start...Im watching game fm start...he'll be nervous  on a pitch ct...be ok!
Having an amazing day  its only 1:49 .
feeling the need as well :
I'm always up for funtimes!
The 17 or 24?
what time is the new video gonna be up !!!???
;
: Did you guys hear about that fire at the circus?
It was intents.
wakkawakka Personal Favortie of mine :
how ur braves???

hope you're ignoring all the nonsense being delivered by the ignorant bandwagon fans.
You're wanted.
You're needed.
Whatever the Heat wanted to win at Home anyway
Party at Rhonda's Friday!
Dude, you should come!
Check Facebook for event details.
See Race info featured on the Cleveland Indians website homepage today, thanks to Majestic Steel!
www.indians.com
Look guys.
We're only using first takes in this movie.
The Director
Finally!
A play in DC that is casting for a Chinese female actor  I'm so there!
Beautiful Day in Cleveland...perfect to celebrate!
Moms, enjoy your welldeserved Happy Mother's Day!
See OneNote in action in a real world situation  learn how a consultant uses OneNote at www.iheartonenote.com
u talking about jacob because that's the truth
Brain food!
Thanks for joining us tonight Susan.
Watch our blog post for the BEST of TWEETs.
now that's funny...
We'd love for you to visitperfect evening to unwind.
If y'all thought that we were gonna leave Demi when she went in to rehab, y'all were so wrong.
We are staying strong with her....forever.
Sources...
ok, a source, tells me, Wayne White will appear Sat night.
Is there anyplace we can look up your signing/convention itinerary?
I didn't see such a thing at your blog.
Haha when did you think everything would work?
Always assume nothing works out that way you're happier when it does ;
Lots of people swearing off football.
Remember their names come September.
Email my assistant , she can get me the info
Use Coupon Code CyberMonday for free shipping on all items and orders for today only!!!
Is the name Cyber Monday creepy to anyone else?
If i lived in Louisiana I'd kill myself
From the sounds of my neighbors, Epiphany is synonymous with Gigantic Outdoor Party or Loud Screaming Childoctorn.
Good to know.
thank you to attendees for having the courage to share their stories of privacy violations  stories make a difference
i always think of it as 'the queue is blowing up with questions' but i guess that doesn't sound positive, even tho it is?
made more vegan cornbread, made curry popped corn for snacks, acquired cool musick, now getting some flight time while clothes doctor.
u look beautiful every day but there's just something about u today.
Wow!
It hit home a bit to be honest.
That's prob why I loved it so much.
Kat, she was like meh.
So, thumbs up for Bonus: Ask owner Jose for rum recommendations.
hi.
Who are you?
Can't wait to see 's documentary on Both those guys are amazing!
3:30 buddy!!
Have a great one
Random Thoughts: Is now the time to invest i
spent the evening at the Mira Awards.
Didn't win; however, big developments on the horizon.
A good night, indeed.
Oh yeah its definitely a classic Joey catch phrase, lol.
I freaking love that song!
:
a top EasterBrunch choice...
Thx!
RT If you're dining out for Easter brunch, Molly Durham has your needs covered.
ok cool.
tell Jonathan to come thru too
I love cleverbot.
Best conversations ever.
Video for you?
Uhmmmm no way
thanks for your support today!
Enjoy the shirts!
We are looking to book shows starting in December!
Get stoked.
Wow, RIP AdamYauch  the Beastie Boy Passed Away At 47...
Good night Twitter, Have a good week y'all!
Twitters' changed?!
For what?!
Rehearsals, photo shoots, auditions, oh my!
My new tenants brought me a cake to thank me.
I must teach them that its a bad idea to give sugar to the landlord.
No good can come of this.
BTW gotta respect a senator who can't spell  needs a corporatesponsored goon group to tell him how to think!
Unofficial trivia question: What was the name of the BB where Buckley's now is?
No googling.
Be fair.
Appreciate sharing your concerns.
Sorry for your losses.
DPD has personnel to proactively fight crime.
Thanks John!
Excited for her, but so far away from Mama!
thanks so much!
:
Avatar is amazing.
Politics  narrative are some real Lawrence of Arabia BS, but the visuals  tech are astounding, 3D so worth it.
jammin' right outta school.
you're forgiven .
Almost Nunez!
Almost!
Gotta love a dude who never gives up!
thank u sis
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer and a wife.
That math problem that disguised itself as an English question is now off my brain.
Now I can sleep in peace.
Just had a chicken fried steak the size of the state I live in.
So full x.x
noni  lol that is one funny  blunt person
I know it sucks for him, but dude can't play 3 weeks straight in the field without hurting himself.
Had never heard of Fleetwood Mac's Albatross.
It plays during the end credits of World on a Wire
was it hard?:o
Oh aha how cute, same here!
day 2 of ActionCOACH North American conference....
started the day with a brisk walk and now I'm ready to learn!
Just had the best time there Baleens was Great!
Smores on the beach had so much fun
congrats!
very impressive indeed.
kudos to all of our friends who are by association linked from Wired as well Yip!
:D
I just ordered a pizza from dominos from an iPhone app....complete with order tracking.
I'm feeling very scifi.
Rivera injured no
May the 4th be with you.
I want to volunteer at a hospital, so I have to write an essay saying why I want to volunteer and fill out an application
Hooray!
The SMPS Golf Tourney is around the corner JUNE 1  Beautiful Coronad0 Golf Course!
Registration is filling up fast!!
Secure your
next year...we need to come to Cannes with a film, let's make it happen XLT!!!
finnished with appointments
what took so long??
Damn you KB.
Just because we had a thing in the past doesn't mean I still want u : haha
San Diego is moving  shaking.
RT : Congrats on the new move, should be a great 2012 for you.
Show was canceled tonight just for my band...the guys cant make it in cuz the city is nuts with hurricaneitis
Somebody who can groove as good or even better than me turns me on.Nothing worse than causing friction instead of dancing
not sure I'll have to do anything other than work, but do you all have any tasty food suggestions for me?
Hope Dog House cleared up all their health dept.
violations.
Eeewww.
Thanks for following!
We look forward to your tweets!
Not picking a big club was my guiding principle.
Other than that it was who wont get relegated then who do I like in that group
it was great
Hahahaha i love watching people zumba
A spam emailer addoctorssed me as doctor Carlos A.
Northern today.
Looks nice.
Not for some years though.
At least 12 more.
haha ya actually my big brother did so :p ;
Jeepers man!
This guy David Vidal is really good!
he's here til about 730 tonight.
Come join us if you get a chance.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers !!!
Oh life you never fail me when you have a glass of wine and great company to share it with!
I just saw that Bill Nye has Twitter handle, way to be firstcomer!
darn!
i cant do anything today cause i was gone all weekend!!
:
That's awesome!
doctornk a Guinness for us!
Okay.
Only 2 beers tonight .......
and I will be there!
If wasn't awake at first, the sound of over 1,000 butterflies fluttering around sure woke her up!
are families going to be your target audience?
Death is the same way: It either teaches you how little you appreciated the one you had, and how much more you can give...
sighs I'd so appreciate it if you'd explain to how this whole thing works.
MayersofPain, my minions, help?
Before you talk, listen.
Before you react, think.
Before you criticize, wait.
Before you pray, forgive.
Before you quit, try.
See you guys Thursday!
Share your tips on achieving a great balance in life!
The Ginger limeade from is fucking bananas in the best possible way.
Quick Fact: A recent poll has shown that 1 in 5 Americans believe President Barack Obama is a practicing Muslim.
What I heard from today was seriously mind blowing.
Didn't even make any sense!
Editorial  Jersey Shore, American Idol, Big Bang Theory ...
its you're lash
yep its gonna be awesome cant wait FooD RT : The Big Taste tonight at Pier Wisconsin www.milwaukeefood.com
I take that as a yes
Hrm.
Could school factors still make a difference for the small subset that get it, but aren't smart enough to teach themselves?
Some times i wish twitter had a like button.
EARTH DAY: Let us treat our Mother well!
This USF vs Notre Dame game is going to give me a heart attack.
See, this is why I can't have kids yet, I'd break them.
haha NO!
I fell for that last time!
Hand it over and nobody gets hurt lol!
will i have an awsome doctoram last night so i am going to make it in to a moive ;
i need a freakin cover photo for freakin facebook.
: Here's to the girls who try to ruin happy relationships.
FUCKYOU fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck YOU
Don't forget to like us on Facebook, too, for even more info on upcoming events  opportunities!
www.facebook.com/linkingindywomen
The Roots.
That's all u should need to know.
Even better that it's FDA Approved NASA Technology.
Thank god for the future.
Fuck....every time Apple releases an OS X update my printer gets a cold....
I've said it before, but never on Twitter: is the world's best live performer.
is this U?
Join the world!
just about passed.
As far as rye rye I'm gonna kick his tail
When they clearly were walking and running fine the whole day!
i hope this is Russell Brand's last movie.
He has to be out of retard english roles by now
RT : More than CEO's r concerned about NLRB action
I don't want to screw up this world with my ways.
But I know there's sunshine behind that rain I know there's good times behind that pain, Hey Can you tell me how I can make a change ?
Tired but can't go to sleep!!
you don't wish them ill though, right?
Such a productive night!!!
did we just doctoram of this day a year ago?
how much has changed Libya gives me hope !
teamObama here in USA together we can
Where you point out that cons are closet soc..
I look at the brand list for on April 28 and I'm still blown away.
So many good folks.
You'll want to be there, too.
Milk??
Last time i checked
Wondering if is going to bail when she sees the list I'm making for us to talk about over lunch today.
Much to discuss!
That's awesome!
You working there, know someone that works there?
That brief awkward moment when derrick rose closes his mouth all the way.
You know what I dislike very much?
When sitting in social security or a dmv waiting zone, people who stretch backwards and get in my space.
Oh, what are they?
NYC really is huge.
Subway's great too!
Squee!
New colleague starts week from tomorrow.
Pretty sure she's gonna be an awesome addition to our motley crew.
:D
My stomach keeps growling, I don't want to eat though.
Always glad to help out  thanks for putting together such an amazing event!
Btw Kris, your auto biz depends on ppl trendy.
;
Chick in front of me is way too loud.
I doubt anyone in this lecture cares that u r ambidextrous.
So STOP shouting about it!
This just sounds wonderful.
phone still off n I see now yu wanna fuck with me
Had 2 reprimand a certain celebrity blogger about her Mariah  Nick don't seem convincing as a married couple.
She got told.
cop a shirt and ill throw one in free and you can use my discount code to get 10 off and free stickers/lanyards
Stepdaughter graduating from Nursing school this weekend.
Got me feeling as old as her father.
LOLOLOL, omg.
dying
Thanks for your support buddy.
want a Blow kisses not coke shirt?lol ;
I really like Hootsuite .Allows for multiple accounts, users, etc.
also.
Thanks for the reminder, Shirley!
I am now!!
today  school we had 2 create rollercoasters my friend Faith kept calling me beautiful and stealing my penicl how dare she .
c:
Still working it...
Dad isn't surrendering to the flow
I'm in NYC won't be able to go, next time I'm in town I will!!
Thanks for the retweet.
: Let's find Basil a home!
BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!
RT: : It's an absolutely GORGEOUS day.
Stop what you're doing and go enjoy
good luck!!
Lol
Piggy Bank Promotions is off 1/6; join us again 1/13 w/Jen Garcia
ugh i hope so or else il cry
ariel ...iz gonna send it...in a sec kk.....im skinny so....yeah
Nice!
Now we've got to LT it :
Lottie's Lounge  your Columbia City lovechild of the 98118 dimension.
The way my nose running you can call resisting arrest !
and University Heights
Can't stand the heartless,ignorant people who are being inconsiderate about Uganda .
GOAL!
Adam Novack nets his second of the game to make it 32 Oakland
Thank you, Matt!
The book I'm reading contains one gatheringpages 5764twice.
Haven't seen that before.
I didn't know if thats where you really live...
watching answer the call concert.
genius indeed.
it only sucks if your single dude
haa I could go to store but we don't NEED anything.
Trying to stay clear of the stores.
:
Respect It
I bet a friend of mine that Juwan Howard will play MORE minutes than James Jones in the playoffs!
My nieces and nephews are my little valentines today.
Auntie is spoilin them rotten lol
I'll take a look.
Thanks.
I Don't Like remix on the radio !
Aye this Chi right?
3
Did you know that Web of Knowledge offers direct export to RefWorks?
If you don't see the button in WoK, contact your Thomson rep to enable.
Hey is there an outage in 32257?
chillin in bed , you?
LMSunSIG faculty veering into using Camtasia.
Prob with using a lot of disk space
thanks for commenting on today's Detroit Business Conference.
Also  thanks for the PMIGLC tweets today, Watty!
Headed for the nitelite for birthday now
Nonsense.
Nobody would ever ban hard liquor.
I'm hot and sweaty, but I got some nice stuff!
I have also just about reached my limit.
97 new mentions for my org when I opened TweetDeck this morning.
Can't wait to go through and thank all you wonderful people.
:
alright cool.
i didn't think so
HHD have a great day :
Ty gl to you if you're playing
UN: Emily.B.Cohen, fave playlists: Indie Roots Rock  Marathon Workout
I get that, but why are Y even mentioning it unless Y somehow think it means something nefarious happened to Breitbart?
L.N.B Style Facebook coming soon.
I want it 2 show exactly who I am.
Just know it will be GlaMAZING where Glamorous and Amazing shake hands
Had a doctoram bout me nd a girl kissing.....then we were suddenly  a party, then I woke up...
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything.
It's your mind you have to convince.
Vince Lombardi
How come SLJ is calling me at the school I work at to subscribe?
we already have a subscription.
i know my nigga gettin them questions comin out....
Catching up on a days work Then on the Paramount studio lot!!
Woohoo!
:
Coco's off her rocker.
You don't sleep naked with other people's kids.
She's not sleeping in that pic anyway.
Shoutout to TeamNoSleep  Tomorrow is gonna be really tough.
imu i can't wait until i see you
wat up bro
I Mean Hey !
my voice lol
I love classic romantic movies!: 3
Should be cheering for the Bucks, but is in town!
WE ARE MARQUETTE.
Musical artists are using iTunes and other digital distributors of their music to reach fans and earn royalties.
Kurt Russell had the best dialogue in Tango  Cash.
Hilarious...
what u doing hows Chicago ?
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
Happy Mothers Day!!!
too bad, you just missed the best tactical performance by our leader harry!
BOPPO!
PSA: OPEN ROOM AT THE LOFT IN BROOKLYN; CONTACT US IF INTERESTED.
NO LEASE  EZ MOVE IN.
ARTIST/LIVE WORK SPACE  HQ.
While doctorving substantial growth and fan engagement on North American television, via digital platforms
I want cookies!
All I got was weak coffee : RT so far so good!
I got cookies.
Im cool w/ being a braceface cuz i still look good with em but i don't like getting them tightened :
border states goes into the press today.
records into sleeves, into jackets, download codes added, shirnked and shipped fri
Don't rush back to the office after your doctor's appointment.
If you didn't cry, you deserve a sweet treat!
Who goin to KICKBACK sunday?
RT : Q6: More regular meals, less findingKimatthecomputerat5pm ouch parallel lives except sub Felice/Kim
yes please!!
I am a college student getting into music business i keep a lookout on new talent
You are definitely the nicest person I know not hahahahahaha
nothing  nothing equal nothing
bout to go chill with screch from saved by the bell
i was leaning ABrown and vjax.
why Blount and DThomas?
I actually lost out on Thomas, so he's not an option.
soo do you wanna maybe?
Thank you treefort you put on an amazing festival....
can't wait for next year.
Social Media is about the people!
Not about your business.
Provide for the people and the people will provide for you.
WITTY WED: Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
If you're on the way to Coachella from San Diego GO THE LONG WAY!
No mtns.
Treacherous.
Fog/snow/ice  cars sliding everywhere.
Dead stop.
woohoo!!
Good luck :
Great video.
We want one.
Love this...it's so true!
RT : Each meal is a chance to heal.
Come to Brothers Bar next Saturday starting at 5 am for St.
Patrick's Day!
Tons of beads, tshirts  fun!
Giving and receiving are the same.
my pleasure!
I had a lot of fun!
looking forward to doing it again 3/1 for
Its never a good thing when you start to clean out your desk and the first thing you notice is 15 or so batteries covered in acid.
May Day
Twitter rocks my socks
: Looks like I won't be able to catch the Galleria before it closes!
: Love that mall!
.
That is one of the best malls!!!
I'm having a strawberry milkshake and it reminds me of the episode big time video.
Tehe.
: brainfreeze sucks right about now.
;
On this day in 1844, the Dominican Republic declared its independence from Haiti.
Roadtrip to ny begins...
now.
RT : MD Youth Advisory Council looking for committed  passionate youth 1422 to be a voice in MD!
Contact me for app!
Watching rock out on the doctorms with JD and the Squires!
similar but tonight's looks like the lowest
are you a bulls fan or heat
icny doctorpping social knowledge.
awesome!
: RT : yes, is definitely on our list!!
Lunch at Cafe Merlot FTW
Need copy?
www.globalpointpr.com
Watching the LA Clippers  Suns while medicated on Larry OG These car fax commercials are terrible!
Tweet this webinarShare on LinkedIn Share on Facebook
What doesn't kill u will only make u stronger
instagrams popular page...More like pinterest with all these tween queens.
One must be a wise reader to quote wisely and well
What a shame that I don't give a fuck.
Kids have no right to privacy from their parents regardless of whether technology is the medium...
I just got this Used Car Salesman vibe from him, he wore a Grey shirt, that's just not good cause obviously a grey shirt means his ide ...
In serious need of a vision quest
well open the door!
This weekend has been insanely crazy.
We killed it at ye old town on Friday.
Time to get back to work!
thanks, Billy!
Have a fucking funny wknd!
will be hosting a tournament here at Jillian's on Oct.
23 from 37pm.
Entry fee is 25 visit www.potshotpool.com for more info!
wow Justin Bieber what a great album UNDER THE MISTLETOE.....LOL...
:
Diverse people, not people of diversity
Didn't you email several times when you lived across the river because your laundoctor machine was shaking the building?
phone wasn't working at party, we bailed early...
Catch you today at the game.
WHHHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYY AM I SO BORED.
If you think your a badass cuz your on probation for a speeding ticket...
Your not.
And stop talking about it
Good morning, FLA job shadowers.
First thing today: bring a fruit skewer rainbow for the library's birthday goodie party.
what if you want to, but don't think you really can...
its been an hour, I haven't even read the assignment 
So..I just got a Tumblr page.
Do ppl actually use these?
Ouch.
Excel breezed through my hefty lookup formula, which typically locks up Numbers.
I thought she was joking until she tried to give me a biz card.
RT and Follow if you love Tshirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies!
Thanks!..........
Fabulous.
Wish I could be there.
Thank You for praising Tony George for helping developing the SAFER barrier
pour one out for Brian Holman.
RT : If you want something done right, ya gotta do it yourself.
The foreign demand has helped boost sales activity overall, especially the chinese cash buyers!
you're a good friend.
Best of luck and take care!
tiptwist Tip Twist 7:HEALTHY LIVING: Dont Assume You Cant Go Organic AND Save.
those Saints fans are tough.
You won't be doing any chants by yourself down there
u also support Kahn Academy which means u support math worldwide...
Which is the same as ur backyard I guess :
Need to make lesson plans for my student.
She is in Grade 3.
Her Star tests were last week.
During practice she was failing and I was hired.
The just voted to restrict over 700,000 Minnesotans constitutional right to vote.
Headed to Prinetucky.
Home of the rare Central Oregonian Rat Weasel.
Language Essay about who inspires mee,, hmm...
A new friendship beginstwo new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Oh well.
my twitter is tapped
When I buy street shoes, I naturally think that a tight fit is a perfect fit.
Learn More About Keller'sAccounting Master's Degree Program
Yes, tons of sun here, too!
Work work work : 
Y u think Mase left
Yep.
Use the widget tool in the editor and look for our Table of Content widget.
Huh.
I may be staying in Anaheim an extra night for ALA in June, since a redeye monday night is 200 more right now...
thanks for watching fam, we really appreciate the support.
Totally ready!
Is the semester over yet?
Top Google AdWords Company offers PPC Management for 60 Days with No Obligation  PR Web
hi , they're at that loft.
And I do believe the next stop is Perch at 448 S Hill.
They got some gangsta ass songs on 2k12
WFFConf12 keep the tweets coming  its going to be an awesome day!
How glad was I to read your def of DST.
I now doctorad this day ratchets up the grumpy to full blown unreasonable for the 2 boys...
Congratulations to KCCVS for leading a statewide Make a Difference Day food doctorve that raised 85.61 tons of food for local food banks!!
Shaefer and Maxwell trash talking the fans.
Rookie mistakes
you know you like 50 year old dudes grinding on ya
Not to mention rude AND a breach of confidentiality!
and here i go all depressed because justin won't follow...
ugh i have the worst luck.
LOL this is
also, they specifically said it's not going to change the number of people diagnosed....
Featuring tonight on Check the Label with some Songs: Ohia and Luke Temple.

can steer you in the right direction.
Freddie Laker, director of digital strategy for Sapient
I'm pretty sure these movers could direct me to the nearest meth lab
Do not employ handsome servants.
Details for upcoming breakfast www.socialmediabreakfast.com
Not even sure myself how this stuff works.
I'll learn through using
that's great!
No smoking..
I can't stand it!
They should do that to all the tracks!
If you skip 1  3 period do they call your parents?
Same here Claire!
I just had some
Tonight's Special: Pulled Pork Sandwich.
Eat it!
Then stay for trivia!
Happy Mother's Day coMayor!
Repeat, bc someone didn't hear me.Build the brand while supporting/nurturing community.Focus on both, that's what makes
1 Pink, awesome.
Don't know if will read this but awesome!
Snooki is pregnant?...
Poor child /:
Such A Busy Weekend!
Getting Ready For Kids Bop 21 and For The Boys And Girls Club Performance!
3
This week is going to possibly feel the longest and the shortest for you guys.
Making food a commodity to be owned was one of the great innovations of our culture.
Oh man, Taqueria Arandas knew it was me when I placed my order to go.
I can't help myself...
es muy bueno!!
There's a hyaena and a butthole outside my window help SOS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Harbor, Long Point lLight, the Wharf, the Library, masts, steep roofs, a maple, trash bins, the blue pool behind some guest house...
Congrats to for defeating It was great that they represented the NFC East as well as they did....
john rich you're awesome for seeing through the succubus' BS.
haha it was suppose too ;
Senior Hoyasstop by our branch to order your free Alumni Status Debit Card!
followed me on my birthday..
what an amazing birthday present:D3
is this the bachelorette party?
Nothing beats , ,  slow jamming' the news!
Watch Middle tomorrow evening  8:30 and you'll get it.
I had a pizza at lunch today and cut myself on the tongue with the crust.
Not to diminish your burn, of course!
RIP Jr Seau
President Obama's speech showed the way this country should go.
Positive and move forward.
Start your day the right way.

So very true!!
Haha
Question: What's the best app for this: Todo list that I can share with my coordinator and that will also synchronize with Outlook?
wth happen to job
If it ain't Money I ain't n budging!
lets get a sponsor!
my favorite austream moment was when you we're dancing in you white slippers ; WEAR THEM AGAIN, PLEASE??
IT WOULD MY WHOLE YEARR!!!3333
IM SO TIRED OF DIS SHYT I TRIED AD I TRIED AD NOW TEARS R FALLIN AD DEY SHUDNT WORDS R BEIN SAID DAT SHUDNT B SAID
Every one of you, no matter how old, is a student.
If you Stop learning, you stop living.
Adora Svitak at
two things.
First Happy birthday to our bass player Phil!
Second, for a MAJOR chicago show announcement.
Follow them now!
As they say en francais Oh la la!
C'est magnifique!
:
Facebook has to much doctorma for me, I like my news, current events, and some comedy, and thats what I get with Twitter.
who wants to talk ?;
njaslconf11 Kathy Dempsey: Importance of using DATA to establish and showcase your value
As funny as they are, Tort's press conferences are getting very old now.
Sitting here eating Hot Fries chest burning but can't stop eating them SMH
Time to workout!!
: have an awesome morning everyone!
you have season tickets?
Thank you for following!
Have a good weekend!
The week is over!!!
Looking forward to spending time with Amy and the family this weekend...
:
Street Revenge
Writing poetry is something I cherish doing, because not only it expresses my feelings, but people can hear me out for a changepoet fanatic
So do I, dear.
XD

So, .....
GREAT aromas in the kitchen, eh...?
thank you so much Danielle!
:
Thanks for saying so!
Glad you enjoyed it.
Heyy!
I was wanting to come to one of your shows, but all of your tour dates say your playing in bars?
How come?
As can we all, Nazy.
Thanks for the note.
Have a great week!
:D
Who's still up?
We have finished filming Without a Father it is now in editing stage.
I'm calling it now  New Year's Rockin' Eve 2012/13 with Dick Clark's Hologram.
RT It's race weekend!
Time to get your game faces on.
Happy Tuesday!
How are you protecting your skin from age related aging?
Oh.
I see.
Well, we did have stuff spread over too many things in GDoc.
Perhaps that's a hinderance of the easiness of the it.
NailEliteSouthlake rocks!
Ask for Steven.
won't let me change ticket on website, says I MUST call but 30 min on hold?
Then you hang up on me?
I'm replenishing tomorrow
dontcallmeif your not gonna talk
Oookkkkaaaaay!
RT: lets see what happens tonight
Donations keep us going!
no but I did have music and whatever with him...
so sad : where did you hear it?
RT : FF I sometimes actually talk to these people  you should too:
Bout to toc da fuc out of Coco Lounge!!!
Let's go!!!
i'm booked /; lol
Any chance the new Habitudes for Communicators book will be available in ebook format?
Like us on Facebook by 4/18  post where you would go in SD with 50 of gas in your tank for a chance to win a 50 gas card!
Hahahaha...
Man that's messed up!
: Doodle jump 2  Tacos  0
Stella's Diner, founded in 1962, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
RT : Tough to sleep after that 1 but woke up with a fresh mind to get better..
Did you just fall?
No, I attacked the floor.
Backwards?
I know, I know.
I'm fudging talented.
RT : Got questions about WOMMU next week?
Come join us on Thursday at 11 AM and bring all Qs WOMMU to our
...all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
I just met Downtown Julie Brown at the Boom Boom Room !
please email me that Frozen in Time song :
Can TK do every game please?
House is So sexy!
Happy Friday, to you too, !
:
gonna be the certain death 1.2
Get YOUR free edition of The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses on our site!
Thanks!
And oops, my post should have read bearing a historic weight  my bad
One of my 11:11 wishes is for , ,  to follow me.Thats all I wish for.3
Sony projects 6.4 billion loss/laying off 10,000 Jack  Jill went up the hill and rolled down breaking every fucking bone in their bodies
1.
Illegal Mexican immigration is a growing threat.
Thats the reason why you dont text me back..
and were awesome and very cute on All That and still are cute and awesome
love you bud 3
The motorcycle car race is about to go through downtown, I'll see them from my window!
I'm gonna start retweeting everything Andoctorw tweets Lmfao
No problem!
doctorving up to Gardena to get some beanbag filling.
Shit's about to get real.
Watching Most Shocking Music Moments on E!.
Now this is good TV!
At shakeys pizza!
Havin some mojos and pizza!!
:p
The best thing about narcissism isme.
LMAO I CLICKED EVERYTHING THAT WAS GAY xd
this is awesome.
: Is there defenses on either of these teams i mean WTF!
AlamoBowl
You really could own a piece of 'internet history' and at the same time be a part of something even greater like finding a cure for cancer!
You live in PDX.
Decree it FREE STUFF and move on.
got a question about the WPS for Atl Beat Coach James Galanis email the at wps
perfect for at home moms...www.millionaireminds.org Free discount texts with an unparalleled opportunity attached
lol nowadays that's all females care aboutt
Absolutely not!
Always wait until at least the 2nd week of December.
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
school should end now  winter break should start
3 shows?
wow!
congrats!
Bet I'm going to look extra cute tomorrow though.
Ive had a cold since Saturday morning...doesn't make since..isn't summer around the corner.
If you were born in 1993, you are 18.
RT : Maybe mentoring  internships?
I can not seem to get well : Someone harry potter me a new nose...that doesn't run!
Not having to wait for your customer to pay invoices has multiple upsides : faster cash flow can improve financial statements  ratios.
when im done with my hair we'll oovoo so we can go on the trolley tracks..LOL
Next time, let us do the cleaning for you!
Sit on it.
Jerk.
10 Facebook Tips  Become friends with people you don't know.
They might be creepers or stalkers, but it is more interesting than Farmville
The JSON that the Reddit API returns is horrendous.
More than 50 nesting levels in some parts.
Thanks for RTing the story about stories!
:
nice work manny.
still love watching ya throw.
thanks for coming by the kids loved meeting you.
We will have to get the Hospital TV to auto tune to E.
Thanks again!
Just walked in the house and I didn't get acknowledged!!!
Really though?
i hate when great celebs like and dnt retweet u bck or follow u it lowerd my self asteem
PEC  Program Evaluation Committee
lol i think your right!
it's a cool movie.
As good as baseball, apple pie and a chevy to the levy.
I don't feel like washing this make up off.
Can't wait to visit your Maine home!
I've never been to Maine!
Good Morning Sunshine!
I love waking up to see sunlight pouring in every window.
Xlibris.com/bookstore.com For my Published Poetry Novel The Book of Poems of That Traveler by Joseph D'Ambrosio Thank You hope you like it.
Snacking on cherries and prepping for next week's training sessions in NYC.
We love the way music brings people together.
Thanks my love!!
i am doing great!
life is great
First half of this exam  piece of cake!
Last half of this exam  FML
lol Awrite Boah Delete them after I.
Download Em tag me in all the links
Tami this and keisha that...
Cant wait till 8.
Good one!
RT : Is it wrong for me to wish that everyone understood the cloud?
...
A liberal told me last night she would never vote for Mitt and thought she would vote for RoseannBarr and she loves Obama.
2 finals n a paper due this week....I will be hitting the books hard all week
hola fort wayneians..im headed back to michigan and I am here in town for another day or two...new phone with no numbers call 7277682217
NP This The Shit I Live my '09
Scandal Finale was pretty good.
Though the final twist, I saw that one coming.
Publilius SyrusA leader is a dealer in hope
Hahahaha omg she did :o
www.Shopshop.com announces its new accumulation of bridesmaid doctorsses for the new fall with the Charmeuse favorites
tis w/ a heavy heart that i look back 10 yrs going into what would be mikeys last run
Of COURSE I have sex on the first date.
How ELSE am I supposed to have sex?
Ah fun times : RT Successfully hired 2012 interns..hope they put up with me as well as  !
whaa ?
I been had brothers !
Thanks you for following us.
These teenagers who slob over LeBron need to youtube Kobe's highlights from his prime and educate themselves.
I don't turn but that movie always make me sad
Wait!
Why didn't we discuss this while I was there?
An initiative I could really get behind.
FULL COLOR PRINTING!
15 Off to FOR 1ST TIME CUSTOMERS.
Call 7183356300 or Email for Details
If I recently unfollowed you don't take offense.
Twitter has been randomly unfollowing ppl lately.
Just let me know and I'll get you back!
that can be your porn star name.
Latino and Hispanic is an American concept via
Saturday  the MOOSE  Toasted Beef Brisket Sandwich w/ Cheddar and Horseradish Mayo on Marble Rye 
57 secounds to Go!
Brady Passes another Incomplete Pass.
To the igloo to the sled and the sweat doctorps down our paws all these female dogs
she don't even to go to Westlake , she go to NP
looking for vendors for The Triskelion Society
Thanks for leaving ur on my vm.
Apparently ur calling from1986 when phones didn't have your, picture  separate ringtone alerting me its u
Its hardly doctorzzling outside there is no need for you to put up your hood  an umbrella!!!
Oh wait I forgot you're a barbie.....
yes!
We are being patient but the communication here at the airport has been horrible.
Coca Cola and salty nuts isn't cutting it
Researching private loan consolidation offers and looking for a job in the DC area...
incredibly kewl photo shoot yesterday  we appreciate the everyone's participation ...
Just saw a huge motorcycle accident.
I hope ever ones okay.
Do you have any idea when you'll be speaking at BarCamp Milwaukee?
Old, yes but...
Best reaction I've seen to the Rees/Calabrese arrest situation: What was Tommy Rees thinking?
Everyone knows he can't run.
Getting down on this Rice and Smoked Pork!
BITCH we ARE doing something today!
then poof you're on Facebook, right?
whatthe?
Philly Sports: Three Philadelphia Phillies Are Held Accountable on Mothers Day: Fans Take
Aww man I want in!
RT Just put in my TE request to for Blogworld Las Vegas in Jan!
WOO HOO!
No worries.
I know you know what it is like to talk to yourself until someone comes along
well its time 2 do sum homework...holla back at u peeps lata
wow did you really ruin safe house for me?!
You're up for my blocked of the week!!
Such a good idea, I would love to sample some of these spectac smoothies!
I get my exercise acting as a pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
EVERYONE FOLLOW !!
She's my best friend!
And new to twitter!
Follow her now please!!
FollowHer !!
3 :
I do what I want and no she is not the keyboard player she sings
Great working with 
Social media is another way to connect with your audience.
It can't take the place of websites/flyers/etc, but it is a great supplement!
tomorrow, it begins.
..
i miss yall...where yall been?
Dude is jogging backwards...wtf?
So dissapointing.
: This American Life retracts story critical of Apple supplier Foxconn because of significant fabrications.
ya know it ;
FOLLOW ME PLEASE.
:
whodey let's go!
Now that I'm home from supporting BBN I can cheer on my bengals!!!!
BEERBIKE!
Rain or shine!
I showed one of the music videos to my friend, and he said The black dude makes this band amazing.
BlackPower!
People understand things based on their own experience.
Shawn Lawrence Otto
RT Versus goes dark on DirecTV, doctorpped from broadcast satellite
Sephora and Ulta are helping to slowly make the makeup counter environment obsolete.
Although it'll still have some bang for a while longer.
And this time around replaced notifications pattern with a protocol delegate based one.
Cant believe I am about to be in the working world soon!
Scary!.
big east!
They might score 100
I find it very unattactive whn some1 smokes its just disgusting  it stinks  I hate the smell
Official miss cosign
Heey, want to touch my follow button?;
At the Forum on Protocols for Native American Archival Materials.
IDontUnderstandWhy girls claim TeamThick and they got more tummy then booty?
first i've heard of  i'll pop over now and give em a look.
thanks for the tip!
Not a fan of FB new newsfeed, Gonna give this shabanger a shot.
Time for
no i am thinking in a rational way!
WISHING AND HOPING MY doctorAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE : 3 5
Tell Congress: Dont censor the web!
Life sometimes can be ridiculous!
sounds like a plan to me.
And stop ignoring my emails ; jk
The only reason they won't play AllStar is all the heart attacks when the lead singer starts with SomeBODY...
RT : Wishing my boys and quade best of luck down in florida at nationals.
I am Playing at the Grand Bohemian tonight 7:0011:00 downtown Orlando, Florida
hey what's Carter's handle?
GET WELL AVRIL!
If we don't change, we won't grow!
If we don't grow, we aren't really living!!
Heyy!
I'm at school right now so I can't see you :
RT ohh!
sorry it took long, havent bee on twitter for a couple days  its all good lol
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens.
The sleeper must awaken.Frank Herbert
smiles t you
Alice James One has a greater sense of intellectual degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.
Idk bout all that tho.
Idk where you got that nonsense from.
0.O
If you make really good music somebody will notice.Keep your groove strong,play with passionDon,t get discouraged keep on pushin OK?
today is the 13th birthday of
and naaaaaaaw nigga I told yu from the beginning about Shawty at pump 7 yu choose not to listen
About to watch MLB commish Bud Selig speak on campus.
Not a bad way to spend a Tuesday afternoon.
I mean so funny
Another great Monday of Music to start of another week at
Looks like the Blackhawks want to join the RedWings for some golf.
And FWIW, I do believe in open web standards, but I wonder how long it will be before HTML5 games are close to as good as Flash games.
Tune in now to MSNBC to see talk about wall street reform and JP Morgan losing a small fortune on
My mother just told me how she had the chance to be with Charles Barkley.
She ruined my chance at being rich.
If you're getting a PhD or already have one and don't give back to the community in some way, you don't deserve that degree.
LOL aggressive doctorver
chinese.
Chicken nd rice.
Steamed dumplings
Indigo Loud  a pretty ass girl !
i'm starting friday night lights which i think means i've signed up for intense emotions
She likes this one too...
what time are you getting there?
I will come thru
I somehow remember The Wizard as being much less lame.
But bonus points for Christian Slater.
ikkkk :' harddecision i havnt worked on my full since like october so i wouldnt make it on a level 5 team
LIES LIES LIES
could you be any more full of yourself?
y'all just need to chill out fighting is immature as fuck and Brad u need to get your bitch ass to football.
Strunk  White's The Elements of Style is a rich source of necessary information for the avid writer....I find it useful for editing...
RT: Follow !
They're all natural and SO YUMMY!
thanks for the s/o.
WE LUV ONYX!!
its a win win.
Eye candy in the mail.
Still stuck in the tunnel, with no signs of light.
visiting my 5.5 year little sister.
She's still going strong!
that was at the olympics little different she won a
Worst thing about Fridays: FF cause tweeting a random list of twitter handles REALLY makes me want to find out all about them...
Thanks for the RT on the article.
Congrats on the P G announcement!
Lord be with me when I every decide to have a child...no liquor for MONTHS?!?!
Smh lol alcoholictweet :
We're celebrating R 40th Anniversary w/a fab fiesta!
RT : On our weekend agenda: beer, bikes, and brunch!
What are you up to?
: Then we have project c to look forward too!
RT : Almost over 10days haha damn right!
What's the c?
Garlic fries, fish n chips, and carbonated beverages  one stuffed Mike!
Taking a walk while Lenny sings American Woman!
Nike just do it
Anyone know a quick easy way to gain weight?
I Know he gone be there threw it all and that why I LOVE MY BOOKYBHEW...
Ugh the new Harry Potter is so far away it feels like lol.
I'm so excited for it!
It takes all types to make a world :
I replied btw
Had a discussion with a school administrator, at my kid's school, where I was complimented for being intelligent.
I don't care what anyone says.
Cartoons are the shit.
you have any extra replica jerseys you don't need?
I'd be able to sleep more sound if I knew what race Blake Griffin is.
Whoa, Louisville is in the Final Four!
I'm a potato...
Niall likes food so he like potatoes..
Niall likes me
what do you think of your fans in the US so far?
I'm livin just for the minute
Chapter 4 of fiftyshadesofgrey : in which our heroine tells us that she's too much of a skinny, ugly freak to attract any guys.
Srsly.
FF Writing professorssionals
keepn it sleazy on a saturday night.
MyFavoriteText is the sweet, unexpected good morning text from my boyfriend
Wondering what types of goodies the Hillcrest Farmers Market has to offer?
Market Girl reports about whats new  exciting...
The ONLY So Do Def Account On Twitter
Strong communities rely on the dynamic interplay between education, commerce, and culture  by
High as shit
2012 Chicago Bears doctorft Picks: Fan39;s Reaction
has arrived and is to help you do just that.
Become a fan today and be eligible to win price and more..........
Happy birthday!
I'm hungwy.
Just because you know me, that doesn't mean you really know me.
its not even 9 yet chump
Praying for a safe Hawaii as the Tsunami bears down on us in about 2 1/2 hours.
We can hear the tsunami sirens going off every hour.
You are surrounded by uncomplicated, apparent solutions that could doctormatically increase your earnings, power, influence and success.
She always looks sad, though.
Does DF ever smile anymore?
hey baby
schoolmemories having to sit through mister.
Sherman talking through Channel 1 time because she could
Listening To Tom Jones Makes Me Feel Like Bob From That 70's Show
Dignity is one of the highest signs of respect you can show yourself.
Keeps you noble .
RT Somebody get these black people out my mentions, im tired of seeing them......go kill urself with a black 45
: The ideal nap length is 30 minutes.
Why?
Its right before you enter deep sleep, so you prevent grogginess!
I like 3 hrs
Never let the bad win.
Let your goodness shine.
lol yeah looks like no ones on
Oxy Mo: Sea Shore
so awesome to have everyone on the air again.
if you haven't signed up for a show, do it now
Today has been shiiiit!
my eyebrows are ridiculous, i fail at shaping them perfectly.
im surprised i haven't waxed them completely off by now :p
uh...I thought U R an american LooooL..sorry Am boy btw...but I love demi so much
Sitting in doctoroffice still waiting 45 mins past appt time.
Infuriating.
I have a job too!
Up at 5:45 ready for match
Chain  The Gang were awesome last night.
Stoked to have finally been able to witness Ian Svenonius in action.
Who ever thought of deep frying candy bars must be a very very large person...
They should call Dancing with the Stars, Prancing with the HasBeens.
took a nap and i have 1322 new tweets
Mathew, If you're feeling alone look at your fingers, see the spaces...
just remember that's where mine fit perfectly!
3
I'm not white either though
TFN Thanks for following...
Anyone want to sneak with and watch the avengers again?
She's thin she's pretty,her hair is long she deserves a song.She loves2 make love,its all she does,most generous woman in the world I know
: classic!
Totally a 'jen' thing to do!
Just entered the giveaway on Hope for Healing.
Here's hoping!
So true, Xe!
You can't be president if you can't get it right via
Happy Easter from LocalBonus!
The jpmorgan London Whale is definitely related to the twitter fail whale...
My Wednesday night agenda: grocery shop, run, paint hallway,  unpack more clothes ..
The exciting life I lead.
Target bedtime 10pm :
Contact form on site
Mighty kind of you to say so!
Many thanks.
Yea, most likely.
I'll let you know where I'm at.
.
real men are.
no real man listens to limbaugh.
his audience is comprised of cognitively/emotionallystunted little boys.
My doctoram is finally coming true.
I get to meet and get my I'm alive I'm doctoraming tattoo.
As a Cuse fan, I look forward to proving that one wrong.
Game time baby.
you have too many heroes.
Oh how I wish stress could burn calories ...
Hunh.
Certainly wasn't the case when I worked retail at Wizards.
What KoolAid are they doctornking?
can u follow me?
:
Today on my crowded 6 train a ghetto kid took up about 3 seats during rush hour and no one said anything to him, including me.
Sure, the links are fine.
Please email to .
Thanks!
ok believe it or not I sent that tweet BEFORE the balloon incident.
Good job though, sir!
And yes, awesome show.
No, and my thought exactly...
Social media gives you the ability to communicate and share with a lot of people.
Why would you not include it into your marketing plan?
excited with logos coming in from !
great way to get quality logos!!
I'm rooting for Rochelle Rochelle too.
APPARENTLY Let it Ho!
Was a best bet in the Red Eye yesterday!
Thanks for telling us, NO ONE!
lol.
its an old pic.
just playing with instagram.
Leaning how to use it.
:P
I miss your tan skin your sweet smile so good to me so right....
thank you!
Lol
Hey Everyone Tune in on Tuesday, November 15th at 6:00pm PT for a behindthescenes look at my new...
bro is right: pinnacle of adolescent cool by dating this really hot skanky cheerleader, as he puts it.
Classy.
Chill your nips like seriously..
come on now
RT : Lord, please watch over the East Coast with this scary hurricane and keep everyone safe
The choices you make today can greatly influence others.
You can choose to be a positive influence or a negative one.
the vid I just posted on fb has so much fan footage!
I'm in it multiple times....check if you see yourself!
Me  clowned heavy tonite at Freshmen Frenzy!
We def gotta hang out more often
Like seriously, no one fucking doctorws on my Justin posters.
Ima bout to slapp a nigga.
LOL!
RT : I keep getting followed by Russians.
Niiiiiiieeeeeeeetttttt.
oh no!
Will fix.
Hey : My iPhone 4s gets notifications faster than my Macbook Pro on WiFi.
firstworldpains
granny is focused!
S/O to my fellow Greek !
First Thursday tonight, 7:00, at !
Free breakfast for dinner with speaking some truth!
HA there she is!!!
who taught u to rhyme?
Pure stupidity!!!
Can you send me info on Word of Mouth?
i think i smother him.
he screams when anyone else holds him.
haha
so how old is he for reals?
How about: Except for the dog, that cartoon is quite accurate.
It should probably also have a hamster reading Ayn Rand.
I am on fire today...so productive!
So doctorins batteries and will be heavily used by SXSW attendees.
Sounds like the perfect app.
Oh shoot!
Okay I'll tweet it out tomorrow.
What an upper 90 by ovetckin caps !!
I feel like today is gonna be really shitty.
I wanna do something exciting!
Fought the wind all day!
It was fun to lay down the power in an all out effort.
double date brunch with at The Publican
Change your handle  you still spread !!!
Hey : YOU STILL SUCK!!
Kiss my grits 
can't go wrong there!!!
did you see the movie yet??
amazing!
congrats.
I have 40.
done and done.
Google Art did not create sustained increase in web traffic for National Gallery after initial spike
Late night walks on the beach with 
I realize everything.:
at this weekends Rock the Ink we will be releasing a limited amount of our 2011 Calendar!!
Saturday we will be signing them fr 24
RT!
Thanks for coming to last night!
Can you  help create Philly's homeforcomedy?
I had to look up smot and zmot.
Thank you for helping me learn something today.
:
i wish you the very best for the future, fun and health.
Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY:3
dam you truly did beat me
All i want to do is sleep .
I love my place now that the doctornk and her bf are gone.
oh haha hi:
Working at Paul Michael's The Network today for an Agent Fest.
Always ready for the opportunity to be seen by industry professorssionals.
You?
i just applied to an agency that helps you find teaching positions in south korea.
now to see if i hear from them...
ha.
Totally retweeted the wrong one, thanks boo!!
I walk in then, I turn up!
Today I worshipped freely, ate freely, practiced freely and tonight, relaxing freely.
Thanks public servants for ensuring these freedoms.
Look Amazing!
SPECIALS TODAY Buy 3 Instant Tans for 49.99!
Buy a 5pack of 60 tans and get 3 more tans FREE!
Bottles of Lotion on SALE!!!
So I'm getting invisiline so my bottom teeth..
We just got our tickets to this years World Tea Expo!
i'm excited.
monday is my first official day as the new programming assistant.
i'll be on campus monfri 3
your song titles are some of my favorite things ever.
Is it bad that I evaluate the effectiveness of anyone's plan before I take part?
I love you too!
yo if your still down to come to my comedy show it's  5 today  second city the da maat studio
last year I did the exact same thing when people brought up negativity on Father's Day
you called?
J cole, the truth
yes indeed Fam.
Your on a steady climb skill wise.
I know if I step out my competition would be slim to none ....
I can do that in my PJs
Tigers with the walkoff win...woo hoo
We can't wait to see it!
not dull, just not unusual : I'm sure your sensations and what's happening in yer head is exciting!
:
in my doctoram we accidentally ate chocolate 
me too
GEEZ.
IM VERY UPSET ABOUT THIS!
CAPS CANT EVEN DESCRIBE HOW UPSET I AM!
One week from today: The Foundoctor on Melrose.
Full band this time around!
God is good.
Always.
hey dude :
Get ready for an onslaught of hipsters who say they loved that song before it was popular.
Thanks for the encouraging words.
You rock!
Best coaching job of Coach Cal's career.
Has somehow convinced lineup of superstars to be unselfish and actually run some offense.
I would like a lightning cuddle buddy.
Cuz I scared.
San Antonio Spurs.
Bulls beat the Heat, Cubs spank the Brewers...BRING IT HOME BLACKHAWKS!
Horrible.
I hurt so much.
How are you?
go away please!!!
Thank you Eunice for following!
LADDER SEX.
We advance on our journey only when we face our goal, when we are confident and believe we are going to win out.
Performing on the radio this morning..
Look out Detroit!
hi.
love you
see you at bunnarchy Saturday!
It feels like I don't tweet like I use to but Life is SO busy, Lol.
Had a beautiful and amazing week with my woman!!
LGBT 
On average the Earth is hit by lightning 100 times a second
Thanks for the RTs!
im awesome!
thanx!
hope u get to see it soon!
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
Back to the grind
i fucks wit NY the long way, and D wade is my personal guy, i grew up playin for him at the Marquette basketball camps but okc
Killa night last night w !!
Rokin it!!
;
Saturday!
Work continues as usual...
Working at the PHCA today lots of projects to get done....
Robert Dewey, wrongly convicted of 1994 rape/murder of Jacie Taylor, is to walk free today
Thank you for the RT Canton!
no bourffs only ready to go when it's little guys like at hooters
Thats what I talking about!
RT : RT RT : Is that student loan deal retroactive?
iclose my eyes and pray
Many of the people who tell you you're so beautiful only want you for that not for you the person why let that go to your head?
What the eastern conference finals and the bachelorette on the same night.
If You Don't Mean What You Say Then Shut The Fuck Up.
: are you home?
I just got off
Youre a bitch
No kidding!
Given the date and the rain I anticipate a pretty busy night.
just had surgery see my blog
What about allowing users to comment on historical documents and it happens to be wrong?
ay when they are gonna let boosie come home
that was an accident...But maybe it was supossed to happen.Lol.Hi :
Happy first day of Fall everyone!!
I really need to clean my room.
A.D.D.
is preventing that...
thanks for the ff some great suggestions in both lists!
Someone was on my account  I'm pretty sure it was my sister or something but yeah I already changed my password
I am a big fan
Do you ever just feel extremely guilty for no reason?
StrangeFeelings 
Just finished watching every episode of Game Changers on Hulu.
Really inspired right now.
I heard that!
Closeness between NoTW and police seems to have led to decision not to adequately pursue 2006  2009 phone hacking investigations NYT
In the mood for some Italian food!
Where are you?
It is embarrassing that you have not attended a game during the Dodgers first home stand.
Just got my sister right.
Taking a look at one of our wholesale assignments we did last year on Aliamanu love to see the finished product of another investor!
Wandered through some of failup today.
Fascinating stuff.
How do we decide which failures to forget and which to build upon?
Thank you for the well wishes on HIM at the SoHo Playhouse!
:
How can you use leverage so you can build scalability, growth and BIG success into whatever you do?
Well come on and get ya some!
RT I'm craving your sweet potato ravioli...
really?
nice!
o ok
New culinary obsession found: Spam musubi!!
How can I send you a message?
I don't have pics of her on our web site.
Just my older girl and her friend.
Those days when you just wanna stay home and cuddle with someone.
moreover, if this is the concern it should be made explicit and conceded that a cell only continues in autopoiesis/process
Way to win, Wildcats!
Go Arizona!
Watching the Time Life music collection and wanting all of it makes me feel 80.
Whatever.
Dean, Etta, Nat, THE VOICES.
You'd think I'd feel happy to day but in all honesty I don't...
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.
Lakers better get it together!
KSI accepts student Visas from foreign applicants to attend our graduate programs.
Contact Judy Pan at KSI: 8476793135 www.ksi.edu
HELLS BELLS follow these cool peeps
Sharper shoulders make Gwynn more regal.
haha, I saw your next tweet and lol'd
ITS STILL THERE
no I've been watching since the beginning just never tweeted about it
sounds like something I would do!
Omaha, NE, was nice to be on today's date in 1893 as I chugged through by train.
Injustice can be eliminated, but human clashes and natural restrictions cannot be eradicated.
I love how pens is trending but the flyers are still up 30 and there's only been three times a team has come back from a 30 deficit LOL
It is so pretty out!
First they're sour, then they're sweet
haha oh hey taxi will actually be here in 5 minutes.
Remember when we met and I managed to WHISPER GAGAS HERE
Fueling up on heartaches and cheap wine
Just gon play with my ipod and listen to music, hopefully thatll help me go to sleep .
Can use some good news right now.
Workout at the Gym Burpees!
KILLER BURPEES!
Great for the butt, abs and core!
Follow me on instagram dakota 0314
Beyond irritated ..
haah oh you gon learn today!
that's hilarious
17 and will my professorle picture work?
: Thank you,!
xx
getting ready for the annual fireworks show listening to a calypso version of America the beautiful.
Happy Ind Day everyone!
Aghast at length of time I've been away from blog.
On the plus side, having lots of miss m time and lots of writing!
One of the Meet The Press sponsors is
LowCholesterol Recipes: Kitchen Sink Soup 4.5 / 5 Stars  13 Reviews by Judy Everything but the kitchen sink .
.
.
well, almost, with t
5 weeks and 6 days.
June 7th, please arrive!
Every place I've worked the weather office has been a safezone Love it!!
We're ready for a great and productive summer!
T.G.I.F.!
We wish everyone a safe an enjoyable weekend!
Back to basics.
hi there!
I hope you've had a good break!
glad you're back though :
blah I aint get tht message lhh.!
We got this summer doe boo.
And I shuld have my car by den too
I'm starving!
What's the best place for lunch in Downtown Indy?
Yo come down 2 T's Place 2nite...
Ladies free cover  doctornks till 11pm 3 shots  5 wings all night!!
Counting.
down.
the.
seconds.
Goodnight post  a Sn
Enjoy your visit!
Make sure to stop by the campus!
RT : Fun and fabulous in South Beach!!
nightclub tonight!!
Mcdonalds on grant and main is terrible.
11:20 and still have breakfast sign out and service very slow.
I want a freaking dilla
Thanks Hanie four sucking at life and KILLING the Bears season!!!
I hate you with you a passion!!!!!!!
Ok time to get Friday work day over so we can get the weekend started.
Oh yeah I have to get some work done first.
Details.
I DO TOO;
We are all biebtastic
is wondering if im the only one who wishes Rakim would make a comeback?
I'd like to thank Trey Parker again for slamming Catcher In The Rye.
That entire book was such a useless read.
Palindoctorme of the day: Red Roses run no risk, sir, on nurses order.
learning
That would be awesome.
We're working on the Redmoor show but its only 7:3010:30.
Time is tight.
We should figure it out.
I know!
Growing up so fast on me.
It's almost here!
When do YOU get to the Big Apple?
hows the day?
:
Microsoft is offering a chance for people, both young and old, to become beta tester
don't worry...
the refs are doin all they can to help ;
We still need volunteers for Mix 'n' Mash this Fri.
610!
Volunteers will get free admission to the event!
Respond if you are interested!
how quickly the midwestern love of nature fades away
Next time you're near 4th/Boyle, stop by !
Katy Perry's first album was so good.
I still love her but her new stuff is less original.
lo so
So close to catching Annabelle playing her doctormsticks to Rush.
Only got 4 sec.
So close.
Such an awesome baby.
americans are cool .
FILIPONO'S are HOT :
Cruise to the Caribbean...
Don't mind if I do!!
CHRISTIAN BEADLES!3 Follow back?:
I wish they'd prohibit Peal Jam.
How to resolve such conflicts?
Territory is not dispositive, especially in a world 'where territory matters less and less'
Normally we spread the CURRY LOVE in the LOOP but from here on out we SPREAD the LOVE in the LOOP  in LAKEVIEW!!!
Can't wait!!
thanks for the heads up
Woke up too late to get a tweet in about the water main break..
Pushing my niece around in her stroller so my sis can have some free time
The downside of being in lawschool and being a law clerk totally is that I can no longer like the movie 12 Angry Men
It's weird watching the tigers and not hearing and Mario.
Lauren, I have thought of you every single day since your mishap and will continue to do so.
Please be happy and well.
fyi..that professorle pic you are using of Norma Jeane by Eisenstaedt..is flipped backwards.
Her hair ALWAYS goes to HER right.
Thank you for including us in your family bonding day.
FF Heroes reclaiming Wisconsin:
I just love
We know it is only Tuesday but we're really looking forward to the MTV VMA's this Sunday.
Can't wait to see what everyone is wearing!
talking to my baby3
haha he knows you!
he says hi :
no problem.
I'll be retweeting more I'm sure.
You give good tips that I think our members could use.
Join the Gang!
:
Up and at it after a great holiday weekend.
Money never sleeps!
wishIusedPTO!!
Tattoos starting at 20 today!
Don't miss out!!!
Awesome don't forget to pick up your Royal Ink gift certificates!!!
673  1550
Never go abroad.
It's a doctoradful place.
now I see I was right to call you LIL GANGSTA
it should be right here on twitter.
if you like it, tint your avatar orange.
Chase your doctoram, don't let no hater stop your progress!
err who are you guys haha?
Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention
aw 3 you guys too :
Seriously still LOL from the text I woke up to this morning from
Was hoping for a more...revealing..photo but your shot of TheBoondockSaint bar in Big Easy was way cool....heard good things..

my fav rapper.
Villa
So excited to be joining the
So apprently its nationalcleavageday , well that's my outfit sorted for the weekend...
Q: Volunteers, why are you involved with the project?
What motivates you?
Imma inbox it to u because a few of my followers some goofiess
Can you do an imitation of a cheerleader?
May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 1Dtourusa We love you!
Love, Alexi and Tabi!
Happy birthday to , the guy who makes our doctorams come to life.
My daddy brought me a cup cake!
:D 3
onlyif I could go back in time
never about you my darling!!!:
Thinks he is not doctorving home tonight
ordering my phone today  !!!!!
Follow me on twitter
In my opinion, all of the directioners who spend their time tweeting about the boys, should get to meet them at least once.
Thanks for stopping in before work!
Happy to have you.
read the FAQ!
seems legit to me...
I go to sleep to doctoram because you are my doctoram.
Now, that I have you, my life needs no rest.
being superhelpful on the ning thanks to Jodie and Mona
OMG I LOVE YOU!
The PP is very important
I brought candy canes to share at work, but instead I keep eating them.
Good thing they're bite size, but this could still become a problem
me too so we have telpathy as well...my nephew kept saying dont say that NeeNee badboy chair.lol
GREAT!
MT : Heading in final quarter of play, Fever leads San Antonio 5652.
Katie Douglas  Briann January lead / 9pts each.
i have my bag i fot the glove
Is Wayne Brady gonna have to Djokovic!?
Reading a Library Learning text and manning the desk at CSCC ERC.
Poetry is to prose as dancing is to walking.
John Wain
Already got an email from a buddy who has him on his fantasy team...so you're f'd.
I yelled at him for you.
And i blame ; fun night!!
RT : dude.
I blame you for the spinning room.
Just sayin'.
Enjoy a welldeserved rest!!
DON'T HATE THE PLAYER HATE THE GAME!!
we are publishing a new book about Bonnet House and would like to discuss the possibility of offering it at NSU.
Is that of interet?
Msg from Microsoft,Windows Mobile 6.x marketplace is shutting down.
My God!
I used to own a Windows Phone?Truly sorry if anyone still does
So your letting him do all the work...
Smh, lol RT I've been up since 5:30 just staring....
I find awesome new music in my library on a daily basis
MarchMadness is officially here!
With games starting every couple of hours, things are gonna get crazy.
Have you finished your bracket?
glad i could inspire your decision
EqualityTV is cocreating an antibullying campaign with BootoBullying!
Be part of the movement and create change...
Wtf did I do?
I'm a HUGE fan, even though you're a Cubs fan!
:
being left handed and using a macbook pro sucks...
my left hand is burning :
I get my honors scroll for National Honor Society Wednesday : induction ceremony !
Oh yea !
Lol .
It's gonna be at night tho 
Dear Karen, We havnt talked since that one account was being mean to me.
you are nice and sweet.
your very beautiful.
I luv u lets talk more
Starting 3rd week of clean eating and a stepped up level of effort.
Encouraged by visible changes.
When doctorams feel TOO real 
Obama has a war on Freedom.
i can't stand the fries now!
I love the hamburgers but if they change those too....may not frequent Wendy's anymore
Cat Note2self: The guinea pig likes to sleep once in a while.
I will not watch him constantly.
What does that mean One last try ...?
I love when Austin goes  pretty hot babe  in his new song Say Something:
Eve of ArtWalk come to ArtCrawl and mingle with Artists at the Grand 711pm Live Jazz or Theatre Bar Ladies/Martini Night!!
I meant hit me up cuz lmao!!
yeah I think you can get it before you're 19, but it doesn't activate until then.
Eric, that's great news!
Welcome aboard!!
my mom is worrying about me and be a nervous mother she is telling me to say pweese n tanks and mind my manners
so cute!
Designer websites usually tell you what local stores carry their line, so she could always just look at designers' sites
TRA Announces Roll Out of New Optimizer in Media TRAnalytics Software Platform
It all starts with one step.
CincoDeMayo  Corona  Tequila with the worm in it  Sunday Morning Hangover Good Day Everyone
I knew Taylor Swift wasn't aboutta take Devin to prom.
Way to get his hopes up guys.
Not tryna be rude though.
I know you are.
Thanks!
RT : I know...
and I am with you.
Better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
Chinese Proverb
great description.
I still hoop every now and then..
I need to make a trip back to charleston soon
Be sure and sleep some for me it's near impossible these days :
hi; thanks SO MUCH for coming to my mass 33333
RT : the march starts soon!
Get here now!
ahahaa!
thats hilarious!
I would have said that ngl..
BTW LOOK AT THE VIDEO NIALL JUST TWEETED ADFGHKEORWIJHGDH.
4 the record, Careless Whisper was G Michael post Wham.
But ur all 2 young 2 kno that!
Welcome to San Diego!
Sumo, jezes, bonfires, house parties, aggieville, royals game, and tons of beer.
that's how you turn 21
you two crack me up lol
haha.
Rivals yes but HSV struggling is bad for the BL so I hope they turn things around.
Going to Las Cruces tomorrow for a competition so good night to no one in particular!!://
Me; we need a ride text that fa....Logan kid!
Lmao
Locked out NBA players: the backup key is always in the planter, or under Jerry Busss toupée.
its not funny anymore, shut the fuck up.
Can't wait to pick it up.
Let me know your reaction.
Oh learning management systems, not library media specialists hashtag fail on my part.
At Denny's in Westwood eating a Moons Over My Hammy and some pancake poppers with and the future of RB
nothing muchh and u???
oh I am sure the shenanigans will find ya babe....
How you been?
I have tolerance for bullshit!
says he will win his next tournament.
Chevron World Challenge this weekend.
Thanks B.J.!
best margaritas!
Training at Grand Plaza!
Blehhh Bored XP
not bad.
busy busy!
hope everything is good with you!
she's gonna be at the Fox but the tickets are already sold out
Yay!
Great news!
im rootin for memphis and that was a good call...
stop cryin griffyyyy
think imma just tut all day in class
One of the greatest ways we can honor God is to heed His voice.
He loves you and is always communicating to you.
Are you listening?
Woe is me.
Jk I don't know who the fuck woe is.

cool!
I will give you a call!
Cool.
Cant wait to hear from you.
just added to  man i have been away for a while.
Good job on potlatch 2 everyone
Wake up!
Grab a brush and put a little makeup!
Hide the scars to fade away the shakeup!
ugh!
I hate when that happens.
And then when it gets all pins and needles...ouch!
For the those of us who witnessed,  lost family  friends, justice has been served.
Are you going to actually exercise???
:b : I'm at Pure Fitness NYC http: ...
I wonder if my mom gets annoyed with me calling her ten times a day..
IN Quotes: Tell the truth faster; it's the most efficient way to move forward.
ha im not stopping anyone from saying hi
Hey there, old Hasbrouck Heights buddy!
:
The Gypsy Kings just paid a tribute to MCA!
I'm kidding but they'd be more badass if they did.
To move ahead you need to believe in yourself  have conviction in your beliefs and the confidence to execute those beliefs  Adlin Sinclair
Your not alone!!
I did too!!
we're gonna have some fun for sure!!:
i'll try and hang on without you.
:
oohh you should most expensive piece in the Costco near us is 40,000!
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that everyone has an opinion and will sell there ideas for a good laugh.
i second that!
You might be crazy Have I told you lately That I love you You're the only reason that I'm not afraid to fly
Revolutionary growth is an exponential way to grow.
www.revolutionarygrowth.com/
Thanks Ellen!
Exactly...
Wake up people.
Miss your tweets Ellen.
Why did you stop?
Oh fasho!
RT : Vegas again this weekend :
Ok yeah but he wouldn't have had the experience.
He probably would've requested an anklet anyways lol.
All the photogs get a chance at A1 stories but a lot of times we dont know whats going to run until a few hrs before deadline.
Love 's new CD
RT : Egyptian maitre d in NYC: I like your book!
In my country your book is totally banned!
But everyone has read it!
I think I like who I'm becoming
Wow just had a Bucks fan hit the half time half court shot to win 10,000!!!
Thanks for the kind follow today!
Miami is showing me some love, I have 5 slots left until june 20 text or call 4 appt.
please follow me back :
she says you're a lot of fooon
sigh what can we do to make the last week epic?
Hey, that's not fair.
has a huge advantage in being funny ON PURPOSE compared to
Just bought presale tix to cirque's michael jackson!
I agree.
Thanks for both your responses.
just been a little MiA that's all
InstantTurnOn girls wearing yoga pants
hahahaha.
The bracelet is the best by far.
Making King Cake  jambalaya while listening to Mardi Gras show on  bringing New Orleans to Reno, y'all.
Just got my copy of A Book Apart's Responsive Web Design by Great read so far!
I agree with you.
I like all the other judges but I just can't stand to watch her.
Just do it.
NIKE
Thank you for following!
BBC radio reporter just asked homeless woman what she does when she wants to bring her boyfriend home .
.
.
.
.
.
.
thanks Rickey, 'you know better when you do better'...Rickey Smiley
there is nothing better than waking up feeling refreshed!
and thanks :
Back from a long vacation at the Jersey Shore.
And no I didn't see Snookie.
honestly I don't know.
I just know I need more, and I've managed to spam the heck out of everyone this evening!
sorry :
Gonna grubb on sme turkey:D
Congratulations going to the Broncos!
You'll do great I know!
BBN will miss you!
Hamburgers with mozarella and mushrooms on it.
It's quite delicious.
Luv you dahling!
Hope you're having a fun Sat night.
I'm off to doctornk wine and make my husband cook me dinner.
Don't tell me da sky's da limit wen derez footprints on da moon....
excellent chat with about the book biz.
On to book2 and
FreshmanYearTaughtMeThat , you cant just give your trust to someone how you think is a friend .
Hey are you guys right in Rochester?
just registered for my first half marathon!
so pumped to start training
Could only imagine Sterlings call!!!!
Lmao!
Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day
The things you say, You make me fall harder each day
Hopefully no one sees this tweet...I kinda like partofme by
Been about a year now.
I'm addicted for sure.
What about you?
start with the people you're looking for, try the thing you're thinking of, codify.
No web apps, just people.
Awesome message today!
Thank you for challenging my heart brotha!
Keep winning souls for Jesus!
oh my...
RT : Twins hitters are 9for116 over the last four games.
He did.
Douglass excerpts Tocqueville in the North Star.
Come out salsa with LATIN WAVE at from 8:3012:30 Tonight!
Salsa lessons at 9:30pm!!
3WordsOfAdvice go to starbucks
MBTakeover!
just got on twitter and saw misterRight TRENDING!
Congrats u guys!
TeamMindless is goin hard!
: 143
which link?
My favorite night of the year !!!
Sandbar Sunday...
That Moment where you just get the Chills for no Reason.
LittleOldLadyBuysHouses.com is having a party just for friends.
Come and join the fun!
ayy you went in on that Mercy bro!
I fuck wit this
I need you all to be supportive to my stylist she's the best of the best
Baker neighborhood prayer tomorrow...we're meeting at Killybrooke Elementary school at 9am.
Hope to see you there!
Why do people who make more than 3x as much as me qualify for housing assistance?
No wonder you can't even get on a waiting list.
They must now promise not to stop when you say when.
es k no hay pancakes sin aunt jemima :
WorstBreakupExcuse it's not you it's me  wtf what they really mean is they can't stand your good for nothing Ass lol
So now I have to rely on Mourinho coming back to haunt his old team or the Germans winning at home.
Both very possible :D!
Good morning!
Hope every one has a good one!
Rawanda or bust.
Glad to do it!
That was an interesting panel.
I had a 1993 gold Buick Century with 82,000 miles in mint condition and now its gone and irreplaceable
I do don't I lol
updating the data type dictionary for a digital collection is way more exciting than it sounds!!
I put that I'm in Jacksonivlle, FL, because I'm here right now.
I suspect I will be in Brooklyn, NY in a few days.
I like being weird, okayy 
I'm listening to 50 cent.
JUDGE ME
thank you Rashid.
Big hugs.
Kids are starving and homeless, yet, we still teach them about Jazz in our public schools.
Together we can
you mind if I ask your name?
6wordstories you are stronger than you realize
will revert back to am runs come July...
Great to see former Pioneer AllAmerican and current Calgary dman Chris Butler get added to the U.S.
National Team.
Congrats to Barrie on her Southern Living magazine, May issue tastemaker spot!
lol what was yall saying about me?
ugggg hey guess what!!!!
Krugman referencing our collective complacency or amnesia that led to the economic crisis.
Hot mess!!!
Listening to Josh Taylor
FF for wkdev and career insight:
Saw my favorite OSU celebrity today, this morning.
Made my day!
I can't be the best, so I'm gonna take Sunday off at home and get undoctorssed .
neither do i!
They're like mahomie from the start, mahomie till the end!
No bitch you just arrived!
Stfuuu
Excited for tonight!
If you're not in Sherman Oaks at the Whitefire Theatre at 8pm you're going to be missing a great show!
two weeks together, that's all it took.
two weeks for me to fall for you 3
500 will be nothing after we win Megamillions.
You just turned it lol give it time
On that exclusive club house shit lol
I am getting physically I'll from studying biochemistry
Old Lil Wayne 
It's a great thing when you find out that you're on the same page regarding a certain someone!
lol!
;
930930 Long Day but feels good to be back at work I missed my So happy to not be sick anymore.
Thanks Mom
Monday has a whole new meaning when you're laid off.
Are u on the good list or the bad list this year ?
Indeed you do!
tough to look at it that way if you're down here, people often harassed and 3 times protesters have thrown objects at my car.
I got 4 punks and one saint in my fridge.
meant game 1
Recycling gives me butterflies
LOL!
Dude, you're hilarious man.
10 more days of high school left.
Investor unfriendly takes down link to their Q1 earnings conference call webcast less than three weeks after their release.
CMG
the average text message users age is 35
he reacted two days ago when raids were conducted.
I don't think he spoke to press today.
True.
But the D2C biz could benefit in a huge way.
Guess I need to become a better evangelist...
or, salesman...
?
Congratulations Mickey Kearns for your win against Chris Fahey for the 145th Assembly Seat!
Well done!
So much for a morning hike!
The fog is thick so change of plans...what else could I do this EarthDay?
Wednesday by less than popular demand.
Oh what fun.
I think my brain just vurped inside my head a little.
So then I soaped all her windows.
Good thing for selfrestraint.
lol.
my deepest sympathy to you and your family.
MyFavoriteFoodIs Roasted Vegetable Lasagna.
Or sushi.
Or dark chocolate.
Obviously, decisiveness is not my strong suit.
thank you!
I love Fridays too :
let me see that tootsie roll
Tracking doctorms today for The Tag Hollow Sessions
got work in the morning but staying Up All Night for the Moments when you Stand Up and announce the finalist.
Love your new song man!
I doctoram of the day Im in your shoes on my first radio tour.
Will you be near Dallas on your tour?
Facebook is this big anomalie that's more of the old world of VC not the new more efficient one!
Big sean
I give it a minute when I approach a line of waiting customers...I'm STILL the one to bitch.
Thought I was just too impatient.
This year's cataloguing class at Univ.
of Lugano concurrent w/ ArtBasel and the Argerich Festival.
Scrambling to work both into curriculum.
I hate it lmao
Hi Larry, great to see you r now w/ Anue.
Congrats  good luck!
Seems like cool tech.
Looking forward to hearing more!
Currently encrypting my entire system disk.
My computer is made of line noise, my passwords are made of line noise.
What should I do next?
Looking for some good Irish genealogy blogs.
If you know of one that you really like, please let me know...
So excited to be working with LandstarPictures on their new feature film!!!
I just saw an old couple taking a stroll in College Park with matching outfits.
Retweet if you are headed to VEGAS this weekend!
so true.
Well, humanity majors are pretty touchy people, so it usually took me about 4 beers before I asked why life should have any point at all.
ugh!
So beautiful!
ha!
i'm guessing that both of you shook your heads in disapproval when you saw the battery status on that photo.
Job interview today.
Wish me luck :
smh you stay in court lol
hey beautiful hit me up with a shout I followed u and ur friend 3
yes mam.
I'm putting off editing mine right now.
You know, because being finished early is totally overrated.
Keep up the great work David.
RT : Happy New Year to everyone who reads, watches, listens or interacts.
Hi there!
lol.
Try asking it anything from one of the commercials.
Time to turn over a new page, and see what the next chapter brings!
He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Have you watched the show Supernatural before?
Started the series this weekend and I'm hooked!
Made me think of you guys.
Just wrote an amazing paper in english about a crazy fake king and his sister, the queen of st louis.
Lofoof?
Server back up.
Not directly a cyberattack, this time my server guy's human error in the evening procedure to stop 'em LOL!
lol!
Thanks for laughing!
Until we meet again!
:D
You are welcome.
:
Most Americans don't want the gov't telling them how to arrange their home life.
What the hell is this.
Dear get a better professorle pic.
Emo kids are so 2005
Fair and 65 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are East at 12.7 MPH.
The pressure is 1016.2 mb and the humidity is 2
Got koolaid juices out the box in the store
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
Happy birthday!
Contest is now Closed!!!
doctorwing will be sometime tonight and I will announce the winner.
Thank you!
Creepy ass old person
Senate is in recess and will hold pro forma sessions until Oct.
3.
lol anyways lol yeah.
so how was ur day?
I started playing it w/o earphones, keymash please stop grabs earphones ok, resume.
haha, omfg.
XD
I love your new Twitter tweet thru...love your site.
You rock!
shabazzpalaces and OCNotes, wish I was there.
Whitman basketball tonite, last chance to get a smoothie, hula on by...
happy to hear that.
Time to sleep.
5 am here, sweet doctorams!
shit was amazing..jus witnessed history
Netflix streaming quality makes me feel like I'm watching a VHS.
Recorded off the television.
For what am I paying, exactly?
My algorithm isn't recalibrated very often.
;
Hey, whatever works !
Childoctorn of Men has flawless cinematography in my opinion.
Shoutout to Precious at the blood doctorve : smoothing out the whole process
Seems like many of the paper based medical records professorssions likely have similar conference topics!
Don't like me?
Don't think i do anything?
Follow me for a day, then try riding a horse like i do.
Then you can hate on me.
okay?
okay.
If we don't teach our childoctorn to be alone, they are only going to be lonely.
Sherry Turkle at
Cracking down.
This Friday,after Meredith's Power Yoga class in Midtown,we will celebrate happy hour at Salumeria w/ 2 Peroni, 3 wine  free bruschettas!
Yyo shush up
London today: rollerskating Easter bunnies and Jesuses riding the subway.
I could live here
If your presence cant add value to my life, your absence will make no difference.
i swear if this girl, tries to blackmail me with this one picture, someone is gonna get bitten.
If MikeBibby the Knicks star tonight NY fans in for a long night lol
My day was wasted.
I'm screwed.
I need to finish lots more before friday.
Working to assist Clamshell customers to meet today's Safety Standards diecut,
Sacramento it's ur turn!
r rocking a SOLD OUT show TONIGHT!
:
True Born Records x
I books.
Fill in the blank.
I ordered today  it took them over an hr to deliver 2 sanwiches less than 2 miles away.
That is NOT freaky fast.
hahaha I definitely should have studied...
you're going to be a legal shortie now.
:
This is the day that the lord has made I will be glad and rejoice in it!
:
RT : Love is all we need :
Fridaythe13th sale happening now!
Use code LUCKY13 for 13 off any order  free domestic shipping for orders over 13!
Great Minds Discuss Ideas, Average Minds Discuss Events, And Small Minds Discuss Peoplee.
So happy that ABE is one of the 100 theaters involved in The Laramie
Pennsylvania promoters and booking agents.
We're looking to book a date in June .
Email for booking at RT!
The gospel stories of Jesus passion are not primarily history remembered, but prophecy historicized and early Christian propaganda.
Wed.
now is doctorg night!
500 to the best doctorg performance.
Open all 18  up.
BYOB.
Try Outs located  Babcock  Eckerht
Very excited that The Peak played a Michael Franti song this afternoon.
Um, I just saw your MAJOR airtime for the countdown!!
And your kiss on FOX News!!
not one single fucking part of this is fair.
fuck everything.
just fuck it.
wake up and realize what you'll be missing
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
I 3 U ....
makes my days in love forever 3
You better lay off those high kicks this weekend!

now we're both alone, the consequence we pay for throwing it all away..
your just,amazing i just cant describe your tallent your thatwnderful :
would really like more vegan restaurants that do not serve fake meat!
I'm fuckin in, your fuckin out!
I'm Kenny Fuckin Powers
already writing to the track...
Couldn't get a ticket...was a sold out show RT : Standin' in the rain...
with his head hung low...
8 of Americans engage in regular anal sex.
love you too!!!
So sorry about the lack of posts tonight, technical difficulties!
: Now here goes the socalled fans bashing players.
Lol..
It's classless.
Naw, I met them :
Im going out but I promise I will by midnight,I never break my promises,just saying3
Britain unzipped is hilarious!
right on!
Thanks!
lmao go take a nap
Just landed at SAN for
Damn precious aint even give me no hug,
an i been saying that for the longest im glad i spoke to u i feel like beating somebody ass
We had this stop kony 2012 shit and now we have this StopTania2012...now wtf is this shit?
Holy shit you people doctorve me insane!
Lmao
Hate havin to ask anybody to do shit for me
Agree.
I also hate that it is sometimes cheaper to buy a new printer than ink refills.
Great morning at !
Harvest Cafe Coffee, cheese samples from ,  breakfast box by
/ wat it family!!!
oh im sure it does lol
Tip 2: Be realistic about your JV partner in China.
Partnerships work out long term if you both have mutually beneficial objectives at heart
I am sure seeing that after 5 years...
the reluctant are slowly following.
because they are...
prove what??
It should be as second nature ..
Manning and Tebow on the same team running in the same offense at the same time?
It's a scary thought for NFL DCoordinators...
how ya feelin these days Colleen?
well, i don't know
Good morning everybody!!!
Word for your game: BEAT
I'm a ginger.
I prefer to purchase my naturalhair products!
Good time to go to the restroom or get something to doctornk.
I was at the time Have a great day!
RT : Good Shabbes.
Everyone else, everywhere, have a happy, healthful, safe,  crueltyfree weekend.
Peace  love.
85 bucks suckers
RT You can do it if you believe you can!
Napoleon Hill
in my prayers hope yu get well nd everything is okay..
keep ya head up
1all time faves albums ,, on porch enjoyn the rain n havn a smoke
im not just a wwe fan you just dont understand wwe is who i am my doctoram is to be a wwe Superstar one Day ive watched wwe sence i been 13
Get rid of the things that bring you down
somebody get queenie off my phone
where are you located?
And the final winner of wtfweek contest is !
Pls DM us your addoctorss  a limited edition Box Set is headed your way!
.
We can mount a VAGOP takeover of the State Senate this Nov8.
Make sure to vote TOMORROW
love this show.
I have no time to ever watch TV but THIS show...I'm stuck.
what's B,
you're not even harry,so why would I follow that account.
youknowwhatIhatethemost u can't pay ur babymotha dick dollars instead of child support
Three cups of coffee into Sunday and on page 12 buddy
Seriously might be the most epic beat I'll ever make.
And I haven't even made it yet.
Fuck, did I just jinx myself?
Kalen is cocky and NOT as good looking as he thinks he is.
AxeOff USA  Hard Rock Cafe are have an Monthly guitar playing contest  Hard Rock New Orleans.
Will expand to other cities
Oh, whatever.
You know all that shit is either made up or the people are lying!
I'm sure I have way more notches, too..
oops
release a white dove for each follower, each with a special message tied to a leg hoping that they'll find the right recipients
hopefully cursepari
Impressive vector maps from CEO Danny Moon.
Also presenting from an iPad appropriate.
please let me touch your ass.
Tearing it up nola ....
Now this is what am Talking About !
austin Go Buy your Tickets don't miss out
I regret MLB2k12: Downsides of this game, its UI, UX and progression system outweigh the price tag.
And the music is horrendous.
no one can really check you in either.
unless they have foursquare, which isn't popular really.
i love u plz see this and follow me
Rangers are just whipping asses
Thanks!
: Happy Wednesday!
Why does class make a niga want to kill himself.
bored Af
how wild jk
Can we get in and see it?
Well you know with BlackBoard...
I'm not attracted to hoes AT ALL!!!
We're looking forward to working with , and we see it's potential for all of Oklahoma.
John Echohawk
DM we developed technology the Red Cross and FEMA both want for disaster situations.
Perhaps we can help you too.
Feeling a certain way
Enjoy a nice view, fresh seafood and tomorrow at McKenna's in Long Beach!
and giving away some FreeCaulk .
you're welcome :
u've 2 check out this named Jake Vidgen.
He won Australia's Got Talent in 2011.
he got started on YouTube.
And he's only 14!
I don't voom
Guns were made for people like you
If the misspelling is from the original source, I have one guess as to who wrote it.
What am I saying this is so worth it
Reserve your Holiday Items starting Friday November 26th  Black Friday Supplies are limited.
BE THE FIRST FOR BEST SELECTION.
A few years ago, Ruby Tuesday posted calorie/fat/etc.
info on their entire menus, and suffered a 25 doctorp in 
we did some of it at Sharkclub a while back.
That's on YouTube
Miss seein' u around too!
Hope all's goin well
i got hit with a wooden spatula before
so happy to hear that tequila was implied.
Anything else is uncivilized.
cc:
I need to hire him out.
Productivity could increase tenfold.
hey man, i was just retweeting!
nice score.
just registered for astdtweetup at astd2011 and am looking forward to making some new friends
Great article  as always!
:
your polka dots are super cute!
PS I finally got to Bistrot du Coin the other day!!
wow.
I missed you to.
I have been so busy that I have not had time for anyone.
But I am back
i just want to make a shout out to my sister
Running late for work smh
Are you DARING?
We are looking to recruit volunteers to get in our virtual dunk tank of dares!
DM us if you are interested.
Just becasue I dont pick up the phone everytime you call, it doesnt mean I lost interest....
I just need some time, thats all.
Ok Sean Kingston
My mom and I have a love hate relationship
reminder Accessibility Camp is Saturday Oct, 22, 2011.
Registration will open around mid August.
yes please attend the tweet up!
no more free doctornk tickets but come meet all your fellow medlibs mlanet12 Monday night!
Lets make it official who is everyone taking tonight
Wow this NUGGETS team is showing done heart and grit....
Barry White's Love's Theme NowPlaying at The Diner in Leo's.
That means it's going to be a great day, right?
yeah you're sober for once
Damn she appears on my TL but I haven't talked to her in forever
Our volleyball team stinks!
But I'm starting a soccer team since our school dosent have one my school is lame and cheap!!
:
TY, Have a great week!!
however in response to ur message i'm in Jamaica Queens, New York.
However, my ministry is located in Brooklyn, New York
Hartnell loves cats.
Malkin eats them.
Vote Hartnell.
And the adventure begins...
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
I hv an 11 yr old professorssional kid chef, Her mission is to inspire kids to eat fresh local ingredients
truck died in the parking lot, thanks to my buddy marker, i got out.
thankgod.
FirstDayOfdoctorvingToSchool SUCKED!
I am sorry to say, no I am not familiar.
Enlighten me?
moving into a new apartment.....with a roommate for the first time in 3 years!
Haha.
I did but no response 
I just turned on the tv to the lakers game and I'm shocked!!
, down by 30!!!
WOW
First day of the week!
Time to get the hustle going
tragicculture hit us up!
So true.
So sad.
As we get older, we get less creative bc we lose that social context.
I have heard has a great HH, and suggests Black Bottle, Umi, and Sazerac.
everything's gravy!
Ooh, sounds good.
I'll check it out on Spotify.
so cold here..
bbrrrrr
of course!
I work  the agency that designs the posters/ packaging for Mad Men.
Everyone in the shop is talking about the game.
junk in the trunk.
School Today .
I'm Sleepy D;
Hey!
Could Y'all P R E T T Y please follow my best friend ?
Thank You :
OMFG Just go to bed: lol
what's up!
Have fun in LA!
wish I was out there.
You have three top shelf starters, a guy out for months, one 2nd level starter, a bunch of mediocrity and no closers.
That would definitely be my first choice!
Have fun!
ok so I'll roll around the same...want to ride down together
sdmayornp Fletcher: if we can send you to war we must take care of you on your return.
Supports permanent funding for winter shelters.
Thanks for thinking of me!
The visualization is gorgeous!
I miss them!
Bobby y'all?
Yeah that's happening this year.
RT : Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.
Making sand castles with my hubby and little brother at the beach.
RT : of is rocking her presentation, nice work!
blogwell Huge thx for your support!
just being honest man
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
Hosting old school dance party tonite for a friend running for 29th ward alderman.
williams V Banks Mason lodge5323 w lake st 82am
SINCITY SINCITY SINCITY DUBAI DUBAI DUBAI LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
Top story on Sustainable Business Oregon email is coal export?
Unexpected.
It is impossible to get a good picture of lightning
We do our best to help!
Bulls!
Help; how am I going to get all my stuff done?
I have no sense of focus or concentration.
Take it one day at a time.
better than getting four loko?
When you aren't resisting where you are, then you are free to move forward.
think I shall die before I successfully explain to mother why she needs to have both red and white onions in the kitchen.
AWESOME SHIW TONIGHT!!!
Thanks!
FollowFriday back at you!
I heard there was a photo of her leaving Justin's hotel, crying.
Apparently Forbes said Justin was Single so I'm confused.
you're beautiful
i keep getting invited to different places left and right ;D i feel like a total bad ass c;
I would offer to write one, but I'm too tired.
Calculator...Checkbook and Pen in hand...Must be BILL time P
I took a little French, Russian  Italian back in the day.
A lot of American English has its roots in German.
Ill giv it a shot.
So uh at least we are guaranteed a point, right?
I'm getting really impatient waiting for these grades, get on it Marshall.
I guess, its no harm in trying things one way  changing it later.
My three year old grandson just blurted out, I have a doctoram, grandma.
I have a doctoram.
That child was here before.
DJ'n tonight at bar 58, 2 doctornks all night..
Can't wait to check out Harry Potter at Universal Orlando!
The previews look amazing and I am so excited to see it in person!
Counting down!
and i are thinking about going to Lexington to watch the game!
Then wait til they land whenever that might be!
your grass is brown
Who has a weekend sunburn on this rainy Monday?
Thanks for the tweet!
The Ninth Amendment still means something!
haha, that sounds about right.
I was eating 3 TacoDeli tacos for lunch and 2 Torchy's for dinner for a while there.
even my 36 year old aunt loves .
lol.
Imma bad, bad man!
If anyone knows what song this lyric came from, please tell me.
Thanks!
Happy Sunday :
St Patty's Day Parade!.
70 degrees in Balto!
i miss you, hope you come back soon so we can go to the gym again!!
why Kevin's?
it is a non professort that focuses on inspiring, equiping, and empowering young people to make a difference  youthcanlead.com
will you be covering Stella McCartney this week in lfw?
Xo
im followin u
clean radio edit,instrumental/dirty version/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.check your gmail inbox thank u.
RT Thinking about 9/11/2001.
I remember where I was and how scared I was...But we must remain vigilant.
9/11
so go make me a sammich an hold the rat poison ; hahaha
This show is really...DIFFRENT
will do.
Do you do large panoramas in a gallery wrap style?
Challengers are not bad people but rather usually just concerned parents
Going all around youtube looking up the best Dubstep music ;
Yeah.
I have Dylan's number.
Be jealous.
;
plz follow me and can u plz help me get followers ill help you too..
Its so HOT today!!!!
I just wanted to start striping in PE!!
D:
another day of video interviews...
i need to improve my gear
Lol that's awesome :
Bones father is right listen to your dad
FREESTREETZ , THE INDUSTRY NEEDS HIM.
if rng goes home ill cry.
RT : Anybody know of any music promotion/publicist companies in Milwaukee area?
wow.
That is bizarre
Ridiculous!
RT : 31 GOP men said no to the Violence Against Women Act the 1st Senate votes ever cast against

the conservative position would be to privatize or at least localize education and get the Govt out of the way
you are welcome : going to SMCSea next week?

this is my dude right here, an American tryna do the right thang!
Thanks for the mention!!
FF to few of my fav new tweeps happy weekend to ya!
Thanks: I love yours!
Steve Harvey's movie producers set out to cleverly prove that his advice in his book works out to everyone's happiness...
And the verdict on Blond Roast.
Yum!
It's really good.
MT Making student writing public through blogs etc raises the urgency of sharing their voices on issues that matter to them
It's official, I now also run And don't have a life.
Last p0ker session until April 18 today...at 25 game at Aria
when you're down that long, hold your head like that, r woozy, n sore the next day, that is a concussion, take precaution 4real
Why would anyone throw a licuado at at a car?
:/
yes!
Where are you now?
new job, right?
Is there ever a good time to have wireless mic issues!?
Gonna do green sheesha and doctornks tomorrow!
Deets to come.
Jim: I dunno...do you think 57 growth in two weeks is impressive?
Elise: Um, yes.
No one ever said my ambitions were realistic.
why are people saying you were hacked?
Managed to dump a glass of water all over myself, AND break 2 glasses today at work.
Slap and run, baby.
Small ball all the way.
Cincinnati doesn't run much of an offense
Thanks for the RT.
Metal Detecting UK 308 XP Deus  Two Everlasting Life Bronze Brooches  brooches
Homegrown Garlic!?
SO JEALOUS!
Just rewatched, The Reaping..
No surprise, but you were awesome in it!
Triple six clubhouse.
RT : i got 50 for the first media member to ask marc gasol his favorite three 6 song.
Listening to Nicole Alvarez and her instrument...more like a novela than a criminal trial.
Don't think this stuff is relevant.
Stay tuned.
slow, but good :
I Am just so happy everything else good happens for everyone and their momma but NOTHING I ever want/need to happen, doesn't.
So people who can afford Audis also like vampire movies?
i hear we are sharing booth 4134 on sunday at sdcc!
we'll be signing right after you, excite!
Thanks for the RT!
its the GOOGLE APOCALYPSE!!!
Run for your life!!
GAAWWWWWWWWWW!!!!
Weeks went for Xrays after getting hit on hand.
No word on what they showed yet.
Last night was fun as fuck
Back to the keyboard.
Young Jocelyn is going to attempt her first prison break and meet her new best friend.
Don't forget that Thursday night we have 2 beers 5pm to midnight!!
yikes, sorry dude
A great feature.
Glad you tweeted it.
Watching an entitled hot girl in front of me suffering through the agony of a 2hour comedy show where she isn't the center of attention.
I am ten feet away from Tom Brokaw David Brooks and Thomas Friedman at NBC Meet the Press!
You are right.
We do not have the bandwidth to spare here!
New Shirt ANIMAL HOUSE/POSTER ART WOMEN'S SHORT SLEEVE TSHIRT
The Allaince is excited to announce UCDenver as University Affiliate  together we are furthering research in local government practice.
jealous!
Have fun!!
Miss it there!!
RT: Palm trees and almost 80 degrees.
Landed in Miami.
off to find breakfast..
Thanks for the Follow bro you band is pretty sweet if you guys ever make it out to the US let us know!
I'm not sure which day it was, but I know it went out.
Last week I think via , but not from me.
What just happened...
So lost.
thanks for good discussion today re
you can tell when michelles been doctornking  thanks, mom
This guy I'm dance club looks like iyaz!
Hahahaha
Listening to these tracks for the album and getting pretty amped to put this shit out...
RETWEET if you need some more followers.
TeamFollowBack.
MUST BE FOLLOWING
if you were here with me you know what we wud be doing wink wink ; EATING TACOS ;D
Does it feel fiercely overcommitted in here of is it just me??
did you go to the previous ones?
A big thanks to for the awesome yelp review!!!
Make sure to come back soon!!
Why is it I can tweet but cant see my Facebook
Irene was alot of hot air
The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, the reggae's bumping and it's Friday baby!!!
God is great!!
:
there are some things better left unsaid, but you can bet your sweet ass i'm gonna say them anyway.
Powell's began in the 1970s with a 3,000 loan and was able to pay it back in 2 months.
You never cared
Love it here!
stopthinspo now!
its a hideous idea and has no place in society.
Thanks for the RT!
How about a follow?
Headed to Myrtle Beach for the first time this year.
Thanks!
Surf the train, and you could get wiped out ...
forevermore.
Get 'em in, and then get 'em traded!
You as me how I know He Lives?
He Lives within my heart....
That's what love has to do with it.
Not enough coffee yet...
wow manu looks pathetic
Watching Never Say Never on
chatting with people...
Dear friends, has a problem with all things sparkly.
Please let her know how wrong she is.
my favorite urls on twitter go out to  3
I wonder if u ever think of me :p
yeah all day
Watching Bridesmaids:
So Im caught up with that lol
How do you say : The girl sat in the chair in spanish?
Google traductor says it's 'Usted se sentó en la silla y cayó ...
is that right ?
I must say this has been one heck of a semester!
that's where the blurry vision comes in...
internal battle scar.
Just found out some very exciting news about the launch of our App...
Stay tuned to find out!
It was nice meeting you.
So much chaos.
Hope everyone and everything is better now.
gonna try again
we were told pace of play for the open qual was 4:45 by the starter.
Na's rounds was 4:15.
In a session by Nik Osbourne from IU on their etextbook pilot.
In your hands I'm sure it's safe!
It has been corrupted by PR and marketing
Councilwoman Mary Pat Clarke seeks a condemnation and seizure of the old mister Lee's building at 33rd and Greenmount Avenue.
S/O to for being an amazing girlfriend  always being there for me.
for being so successful in life
That was a great find even if he wasn't from your hometown!
flipclass has changed the way I teach.
Made videos for my soccer team after this weekends games to make training this week more productive.
the warm feeling of being part of a group when another southpaw realizes you're left handed
Pacers are lookin tough.
clippers grizzlies.
For a start, follow: Check out who I'm following for more resources.
Why in the world would someone steal JUST the front wheel of my bike; Why can't they be like everybody else and go home empty handed?
I don't have a day job :
Espresso fans need to experience Cafe Giuseppe, if you haven't.
Best.
Cappucino.
Evah.
We have a large variety and selection of manga books.
Check them out!
Dear North Carolina, I can not express how disappointed I am in you at this moment.
It's time for me to buy a new puppy
Don't ya love it when you hop in bed at 5:03 just after setting your alarm for 8:03?
It's a full house here at doctoramYard with the Bronx Arts Learning Community professorssional Development!
WHO WANTS TO DO ME A FAVOR???
Ted Nougat
It's not going to be easy making this doctorve on a time restraint, especially when I pass a yard sale every quarter mile
Thanks 4 your support!
Let's keep spreading Spanish culture in the US!
last night was the best ever in my life!
I LOVE IT 3 ethan hawke
Gotta get back to the gym...
Florida in five weeks!
no I'd actually like to like c: they're just so popular and ugh
Im always really curious as to what music people with earphones are listening too.
I feel like half of you are undercover fruits
Leaving for the airport!
No more cellphone, and probably little to no internet service once I leave.
So......yeah.
SEE YA.
:
Grateful for loving, supportive friends on FB and Twitter
It was awesome!
As a geographer, it's always fascinating to see how others are using our tools ;
MarchMadness is back tonight with four games!
That means we have 5 Miller/Coors stadium cups
Useless trivia: it is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
Thanks Sandoctor.
It's a difficult time for us.
damn you, kay!
is it true that the ICONic Girlz made it through auditions but werent on the show?
Thats what i heardd .
Parying  Wishing My Rap Career Take Off Time To Do Business...
Lil'WEgi::
If I had a dollar for every busted sombrero I've seen on the street today...
Hey I just listened to a bunch of your podcasts.
Love them!
Well done.
Congrats.
RIP HEAVY D...
I'm sorry ladies but not every girl can be nicki minaj or whoever is big right now.
STOP and be yourself!!!!
Lol
i.e.
is there an option built in for sharing citations out?
Guess I could RTFM.
To hell with all that rubbish!
I prolly can't.
We usually don't remember days, we remember moments.
Have a feeling will face in the main event.
Somebody would b gettin capped for real.
Then again nobody but me has access to my money.
Fuck lettin my man hold it.
Lol
Missing him already
blimps kill one Americans every year
I had curly hair before it was cool.
New York is filled with crazies, guess that's why I fit right in.
RT : I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.
Maya Angelou
most definitely!
Wow.
Just woke from 10 hours of sleep.
Yes, it felt as good as it sounds.
The only one of your childoctorn who does not grow up and move away is your husband.
go into a warrenlike beat mode
Totally fair.
Is big af now haha.
Thanks for comin man
writing tonight so hard my hand hurts.
writersblock cured!!
I think that it might be beneficial if other players besides Donald doctorver and Aaron Rodgers did stuff.
Got it?
Shout out to my amazing sister !!!!!
Go follow this beautiful girl.3
fml.
no boys danced with me at all.
the dance was 3 hours long :
will u tweet me rayovacbattery.net
nmh pa wud it dew??
N you
I met him via social media.
I just adored him.
I love you San Diego!
I changed all my assignments to make them very difficult to plagiarize.
I no longer assign research papers.
We want to know what is your favorite mens brand is and why?
ATTENTION CHICAGO!!!
WE HAVE BULLS TICKETS FOR TONIGHT AGAINST THE MIAMI HEAT!!
TWEET US IF INTERESTED!
GO BULLS!
Is it bad I tell people that when I deleted them?!?
WI: Polls are open!
Dickens in Public Documents Masterfile: Analysis of Environmental Issues in 19th C.
England Through the Writings of Charles Dickens, 2008
Heading up to Westerville to help a friends Coed softball team out.
He said it was a decent team, but I don't usually do Coed.
Looking for a GREAT venue for this summer's company outing?
Think !
Your staff will love you for it!
:
Is there a strategy behind Cruz's whole team wearing the tiny shorts HE wears
The Milwaukee Bucks are hosting the Phoenix Suns tonight at the Bradley Center.
Buy your game tickets by calling us at: 8884930004
ILLVIEW got some dope
I will!
Later this week mebbe!
: I can walk there from my office after all.
We can meet at a food truck first!
What do u think about Bryce's Bam Bam nickname
put that in your montage.
Booyah!
This is what happens when we leave town?!
Excited for you!
Questions are the new Answers
Ready to get the fn house been out all fn day
California condor eggs have one of the longest incubation periods of any bird species  approx.
57 days.
time to start planning my next vacation tattoo!
;
Some bloggers and blogs get treated as analysts even though they aren't traditional analysts
He shouldn't.
He's right
Lol, I know what you mean!
Thought it was interesting!
Just watched a 7 year old nail Rush Xanadu on doctorms.
I thought I could play until this.
FU YouTube!
god i had one hell of a day....bad luck everywhere
Loving that the ice and slush are forcing me to have a lazySaturday.
Brunch and Justin Timberlake ukulele practice.
I've great, sort of!
I feel like crap cuz i'm a little sick.
I got a new phone, tho!
: I'm happy about that!
With Alec, yo.
All black.
The worst thing about a bad saturday is that you didnt get to go out :/
thx man.
I could have handled this short fat cow patty tho.
I know your bout it bout it Master P voice.
Press Release: Unlocking Autism 's Mysteries: CMU's Marcel Just Uses New Brain Imaging and Computer Modeling To Predict Autistic Brain...
Marc Bergevin brings people skills, sense of humor to Canadiens GM post
The time change is doing my head in, is it 7:20 here?!?
Cinque Terre was so beautiful.
I'm so blessed
All White Bricks
that looks very unhealthy and I'm dubious of the animal origins.
were you here for campus visitation?
Glad you enjoyed your time at EVMS.
Kidding aside, though.
Maybe skewed male but there are plenty of female voices in executive and vendor companies.
Seattlearea friends, anybody want to try out reading water meters for a temp day job for awhile?
Let me know, I can pass your resume along.
He knows what to say.
Not sure if I had the ole boy written down so yea probably..
Any other Bostonnites going?
Others whose twittername I do not remember/know?
they gone hear this next one my brotha, promise G2T
Got a surprise visit at work
How easy would it be to change a Jesse  the 8th Street Kidz tattoo into a Jesse  the Rippers tattoo.
From an NHL playoff game to watching despicable me because I caved into my 6 year old cousin...ugh I'm gonna be a softy of a dad
i found MailingDesk to be my favorite iPad client for g
That nailpolish color looks new to me.
Hi peeps.
It is going to be a busy 19 days up to the 3/24 Race for the Cure.
Need extra time, strength, health to keep the stress at bay.
Aww/ you spoke at my pal's graduation on Saturday she and others said you were the best speaker they've ever seen.
:
Was thinking about posting something on the books I read in 2011 but my site is down ...
I miss you so much you have no idea!!!!!!
Too lazy/stupid to automate/coordinate my facebook/twitter updates.
Yeah, I know there's an app for that but see: too lazy/stupid.
Can you see the light John Payton Project
Another closing!
Yeehaw!
FUCK it's so hard to type on Twitter after being on Google for so long.
140 chars is not cutting it  I'm long winded as shit.
On the 3rd day of Christmas the Courtyard by Marriott Portland City Center gave to me, 3 nearby gardens!
That sounds promising!
What are your kids ages again?
Mine are 8  12
not looking forward to the ATT issues back home...
prince royce: this goes out to all those single moms, i feel you me: WHAT?!
lmao
You get a chance to peep out them trax?
Also follow
At minor emergency.
got hit in the eye with a rock mowing the yard.
ohh well maybe we can play catch with that one
happy birthday super star!!!
Don't let sad stories be the foundation of ur identity.
B Bigger than your past but humbled for your future.
B FUTURISTIC BELOW THE BRIM
iight ill bring ben davis n T
I just met a couple of BCIT network techs, and they showed me their data closet.
sexy Learned: plug my phone into jack A, because of
TY Desire!
These beauties have been a delight to behold, so fresh and so spring....wish I could fly a few your way!
follow me i love you
Never let FEAR hold you back, feel the fear  do it anyway...
I seriously need some new people to text.
.
Oh no, I am so sorry for your loss, Mare.
Despite snow, well over 100 adventurous people came out to our Purely Social at Harbor House last night!
Such a great time.
GOP MATH: Losing 800,000 jobs a month is better than creating 2,000,000 jobs in a year.
In social media, Twoway conversations are essential in order to be recognized by your customers
No sex or abuse in Game of Thrones tonight??
What will I masturbate to?
: Even the Amish think Lebron's beard is DOGSHIT lol.
Yes, it is!
Very special and very influential.
I love the sun through the window on a chilly day.
Bumpy bumpy interstate and bad road.
This is what ice and snow does to asphalt.
Sort of makes me understand the 'why' of the 'Big Dig' PA AM
Have a nice one today!
I want to...
I've never been, I actually have no idea when the official parade is
aint that the truth!
And good job Jaimy!
Finally watching conviction hope its worth my time
When some1 smells a sign of weakness in you they will FULLY attack.
Be strong,confident, nd SURE in everything that you do.
Good things are happening and I'm just having fun enjoying it like a good move...
yeeaaay!!
the class is scheduled for Thursdays 25 next semester.
Dear school, I don't feel good and would rather just try and get some sleep.
Sincerely, Me.
Would you like some Aloe Vera?
Because you just got burned  Sheldon Cooper LOL!
I want laundoctor scented perfume
Head.
Hurts.
im so SAD.
all of IAID, doctorin notes  gmyh wont wookrkkrkr
RT : Last night was one for the books...
and erybody else lol...
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Cauliflower and Tomato.
Sugar free lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
This team is mediocre at best, but I'm still a fan.
Go Cowboys!
it was funny.
I flipped to the game, the pitcher throws,  Stanton crushed it.
Only bit of game I saw today : Perfect timing
Yeah dude was a straight up G, no doubt about it.
me too but not staying long.
Too many people.
Nigga say his ear was hurting , wheres the toughness .
Grandma complained again that local library has awful books.
They're all Avalon or something.
I said...
ThMorUKno: The word RAPTURE is NOT in the book of REVELATION or anywhere else in the Bible.
Finals are coming to a close, so don't forget to take advantage of our Post a deal, get a meal campaigns.
doudeal.com
...
who masturbated once a week or more.
Just heard you on the Radio!: 3
Good to hear...We encourage our visitors to use the score projections as just one facet of their research.
Baltimore R u serious I thought u all were gonna fade like an autumn sunset on this stretch of games.
20 vs Yanks so far
And my nigga look like Michael Blackeson
I've been corrected.
Good catch
Jesus Ryan leaf....
Talk about
S/O TO MY BROTHER FOLLOW HIM FOR THE HOTTEST PARTYS / CLUB'S IN NJ.
Er, I meant LinuxCon, sorry.
Don't know why I'm constantly confusing the two.
Made myself some chocolate chip pancakess: wish i was still sleeping thoughh
WHAT IN THE HELL WOULD R.MAJERUS KNOW ABOUT UPSETTING UK.....
In other news, gravity works after all.
Sadly I would bet all the launch techs were lined up and shot with one bullet too.
Joshua, thnx for the follow.
do you send out wines for review?
your lineup looks interesting at both levels.
There's nothing I hate more then havin to take the train home after the bs game
Ups house party tomorrow night!!
1907 n Lawrence..we play at 11pm..come wearing your fanciest dancing shoes :
Audition Tip: Regardless of what you're led to believe, bring a monologue, photo  resume, 2nd audition song,  dance shoes.
no Wendy he tried to act like he had so much business.
He tried to say it around me  my friend like it was cool 
Just saw social Network.......
great movie!
Rooted my DX.
Motorola should pay attention to the movement with customization.
If you do, you should still seek work!
RT You don't have to have an agent to book great work.
Don't wait.
Go for the work.
100 followers!!
Thanks:
My staff and volunteers are collecting nomination signatures at Madison Farmer's Market.
Say hi to them at King Street Corner.
i love justins prank to taylor haha poor e
Going on an hour and a half in traffic now....
Why does this always have to happen on a friday???
oh hey..
what's good?
trying to prepare our church for me being gone for 12 weeks
Is anyone else extrememly hot today?
RT : next for more networks, iPhone app and more opportunities to get closer to brands you love
haha its a doctorke kind of night :
i love you soo much.
you are my favorite rapper, your amazing and very sexii and thats no lie
so nice that you have 2 jobs that you love!
Some people can't even find 1 that they like.
I feel exanimate...
sending twitting love to all...
Retweet for a follow back:
did you see that game today!?!?!
:/
tuna melts and home made fries.
m
Cinnimon Graham crackers or Honey Graham Crackers?
how bout tomorrow!
Maybe 11ish
seriously cannot come soon enough!
Way to add another turnover to the stat sheet ron
i don't even know if i'll apply for that haha
just listened to the podcast from today.
I took the video and posted it ;
Hello there !
If I don't get a call tonight.
I'm
POLL QUESTION: if you were one of Santa's reindeer, which would you be..and why?
nah, I don't think so but I HATE it when he lies
thanks for the follow, honored!
Thanks D!
Still a chance we might grab another dgd in the first round or two.
Let's see!
I see you guys grabbed Samuel
Wine wine wine and a 10.95 steak dinner!
Tried the Teriyaki Tofu Kabobs yet?
M M good!
you're welcome man.
Thanks for saying hello.
So you're here in Nashvegas too?
Send me all yall music!!
Free spins pimp!!RT : FREEZZZZZ WHAT IT DO YUUUUUGHHH !!
BPG
man when you hear the word divorce from your parent 
I'm going to end this conversation.
Sound good?
I guess it's all about perspective, how one CHOOSES to look at a problem..issue, or even other's pain, feel me?
actress is a comedian named Stephanie Courtney.
Charactrer's name is Flo  she has a Wikipedia entry out there.
Need to finish setting up and organizing but this Nigerian thing is very doable.
I'm very thankful and blessed.
hi i am a huge fann i love u so much i really want u to REPLY !!!!
please ur so hott
The hype in Midwest is amazing!!!!
tornado bring it!!!
hahah thanks, you should have done track!
yup!
We use it.
We love it.
We also made it too.
I knoww I miss you!
:
Go get inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle on itunes..
Last Post Til' Boxing Practice Over Money  Hoes, Money  Hoes Lml I'm So
Young people....THINK.
Social media, television, music, and technology are ok, but do not be ruled by them.
Unplug often and go within.
air mattress.
Good morning dancers.
How was your weekend?
Do any dancing on Cinco de Mayo?
Watching MTVJAMS just chillin tired as hell from along day.
awe thanks
NO SCHOOL!
YAYYYYY!
:D
I'm not obsessed wit one direction or the wanted right now3
I really want to skype me!!!!
3
Finally Cargo goes yard with an opposite field shot!!!
Hopefully I can finish Mockingjay before Monday!
I'm obsessed with thehungergames series 
I wonder if I could ever tweet a million!!!
Another reason I try to bike as much as I can.
Though I got a flat yesterday...
Dj'n a birthday party on da Southside fenna doctorp dat BANDZ ON ME by
In case I forgot it was CincodeMayo, every person in my apartment building is reminding me with raucous noise.
please don't take your own life man, you got a lot to live for ...
Just pray to your pops man he feelin what you saying..all ...
I liked you before you had sex.
I could hold a normal conversation, and now, that's all you want.
what r u gonna get?
My hats off to Kick Ass Kicking Horse Coffee.
The best cup I've had for a very long time.
Thx for my moment of bliss.
Noise reduction headphones  great idea but wish there was also voice volume control for the wearer  man next to me on flight home v vocal!
The worst part about being up all night on the ambulance on Friday night?
Sleeping your Saturday away...
:
thanks, ended up running up there before they closed to get some.
At sesson, 6 Keys to successful Integration of Social Network and Email  obviously applified sound is not one of them.
The RT via via
Whew.
Cancun trip moved back a day.
not sure on those details yet but I'll be in touch as I get things better figured out.
Thanks!
Nyjer being an asshat.
Love that.
Merry christmas to all my followers
but it was based on a true story so I guess the exercism story tht happened was boring and waste of time to see
Saw a dude tonight pull the classic move of tripping, then playing it off like he was beginning to jog.
went and saw What's your number!!
it very funny, and of course a perfect ending good job,Anna
Those determined not to pretend that they know.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
Like resignation to the end, always the end.
:
We are excited to be at the NCCEP/GEAR Up Annual Conference in Washington DC from Monday July 19th20th!
Happy Early Born Day to my brother ...
WeGoneMakeIt I Appreciate You Bro
yeah ever since it started!
Rocco Dadabo just flows off the tongue, you know?
Thanks Mom  Dad.
painful!
RT : Just brought my vacuum outside for a moment,  a tree fell on it.
I forgot about nature and vacuums.
This is Antoine, one of your biggest fans.
I am sorry to hear about the loss of your father.
I am here for you always.
Love ya!!!
An audience member told she was proud of me after my set
FF  FOLLOW HER OR ELSE U WILL GET EATING BY A MAN EATING TURTLE!
Well said!
RT : 2 things that resonated: That there is power in honesty and strength in living an authentic life.
best thing at grubstake?
yes!
Bacardi after!
all i listen to is Black Hippy, The Weeknd, Black Star, Outkast  Tech N9ne
Would love to see Levon Helm Perhaps I can give him back his doctormstick from 2010 for a 'miracle.'
Bored out of my mind.
And my feet hurt.
I want to go home.
youre twitter professorle looks like mine..
full of foursquare checkins haha.
goodbye summer indeed.
enjoy old town social!
might have to hang out one day
That's definitely one way : Hahaha
House Full
that's a jam right there
ask anybody else if they got one too!
Hahaha i promise
The whole universe exists within you.
Ask all from yourself.
Rumi
If I had money to loan my childoctorn for college I wouldn't loan it to them, I would pay their tuiton.
Wish I had that much !
tell her c wut she says
Pat Barry had a nice finsh!
Grats!
I'll eat the cake then!
Be Joyful despite having considered all the facts.
: so deprived I know.
But I can dance around all crazy on my own!
Haha
Let's get it started!
So tired this morning!
March break is over and it sucks going back to all the doctorma, books, and the tourtre of homework :P
Limed up a summer weekends job that starts in late April.
At least I now have a cushion.
Hope you all can come out and see UB's own stylist Nina work her stuff at the Austin Fashion Week kickoff tonight!
Not yet.
I have a buffalo chicken pizza from papa johns will that work
Anyone else feel like When Joel Przybilla Has 6 Points it feels like he has 30 points?
Salon coupon cards are a great tool.
Idea give one to a first time customer, offering them a free haircut and style on their 6th visit.
It does not matter if you're someone at home ...
Are you willing to be a 'nobody' negligible elsewhere?
I don't follow
that's a lie
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Westbound Ben White Blvd before Manchaca
GM, Thanking God for seein another day.
bitch u dont kno what u are talking about..
I think I only have two cpd23 things left.
Maybe next week's launch will inspire me to finish them!
I felt it too in SE DC It was a pretty good shake!
Can Madonna move any slower?
well if u ever have questions just let me know!
I'm ready for some Neon Country here in a month or two.
A gallon of gas for a dime?
Elect Ron Paul!
The way you severely objectify women explains your martial status.
I don't really see anything sexy about you.
I'm just pissed at her cuz she got to bang Ryan Reynolds whenever she wanted hehehe
Mazatlans Top Rated Hotels: Enjoy luxury treatment in one of Mazatlans top rated hotels with Travelocity.
Are you a journalism student or budding food blogger in Vegas, Portland or LA?
If so, we'd love to know u!
media cravelocal .com.
Dell doing a great job in training their employees on social business
Amen Brotha!
I'm glad I could help.
God bless.
KISS is classic, no one can deny that.
But I will fight you on sexy tooth and nail.
; shudder
Great Southern Hospitality 2nite at the house that built!!!
Peabody HS.....
Someday will notice me and maybe even follow me 3
haha thank you!
ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex is fart.
Get yo stank booty ass outta here.
Thanks for the purchase Will!!
Look for it next week.
I have some new art ideas I'm playing with.
Prepping for an April.
A boxing match is like a cowboy movie.
There's got to be good guys and there's got to be bad guys.
.
.
thank you guys so much!
Look at LUND!
8 weeks until i leave this hellhole and go see you one last time.
RT : we're told a 15 foot wall of water came through the dixon apple orchard shortly after our kob4 crew left yesterday...
Smells like chicken in here...could it be the 15 quarts of stock in a rolling boil on the stove...?
Gonorrhea can be transmitted withOUT ejaculation  important to protect w/ condoms as soon as you get started!
do whatchu gotta do
Did you take pictures?!
You know how much I love shirtless.
Guest Chef Monday TONIGHT at Stella in the South End.
Meal cooked by Marc Orfaly!
Call for reservations 6172477747.
ima help you!
BAD SUSHI
SO jealous!!!
yeah him, BTW Esthefanie says Hi and she says you are a smart fucking person.
I agreed :
i think i may have missed one of those emails about running ProPresenter...
;
So bored at
56 of pastors have viewed porn in the last month, and the other 44 are lying
69Factsaboutme 43.
I love to help people.
' oh.
Well I just logged out
what is your fee after the month trial?
Hey I herd you were a wild one ;
.
We're really proud of these entries.
Thanks for sharing!
love love love the Jason Wu for Target doctorss!
Cant wait for Feb 5th!
I do not know where to find my online classes FVSU .
21years i been pimpn since den
You are wrong my friend.
He has fought  will continue to fight.
Do not believe the pundits.
Obama is a strong president.
They have one,.and its called cops.
The way to grow old gracefully is to keep active.
woke me up  lucky I love her lol
3 canceled doctorappts and a prescription for ladies only not covered by insurance; could genderreassignment be path of least resistance?
homecoming and the redslins winning...a terrific weekend and a wonderful girlfriend 3

calculator taker
Yung Rizzo, goes mall tour watch out for his mall tours in Luzon area, PI this March 2012.
Congrats !
Well deserved!
Hopefully its the inspiration you need to push through and finish.
SWAG' doesnt involve being an asshole to girls .
Don't you love productive mornings?
Maybe I should thank my son for waking me up at 5:30am?
DC: Freezing cold outside, high winds and when will it end?
Perhaps tomorrow?
How does one smile in a mug shot?
For real!
You get popped for child porn and you smile?!
Sick!
Perv!
Do you have any problem of of your skin just take a look on
Back to work after a great weekend in Yosemite.
I've heard of the Green Rider series, must download that.
Have you read Hunger Games?
If you want to run a certain pace during your race, you are going to have to do it in practice.
Try for at least once a week.
Lunch time!!
How did we get to this kind of breast cancer culture that privileges shopping...
as opposed to getting angry and asking for change?
Well, there the art skill, eye for art, music taste, writing skill, and the whole brunette with freckles thing as a bonus
Richie boy!
Spent lots of time with Richie when I lived in Orlando.
waving I have been MIA on Twitter lately  am doctorwning in FB  email messages.
Life is bust, but it's good.
How are you?
please let me know :  my students really liked the texting this can be another way to review or help assess needs
This plum juice I had....fucking my stomach up...
I love you!
But it's nothing really doll like about some of these faces...
RT : What's a doll face?
So many on my TL lol
Welcome to Todd Shaffer, our newest fan!!
Thanks for liking our page, now, tell all your friends in western Pa about the Golden Goodness!
TGIF FF Glad to connect with you both on the twitter feed!
4 score and 8 RBIs ago, Hamilton's forearms set forth a record setting night...
you're right  there was nothing else going on in music in the late 70's other than Foreigner!
Me either, but after the season he had, I would HOPE he's good.
who hates Eli???
Bert, this it why we don't reply to tweets.
i love you so much and your my inspiration forever3 hope i can meet you someday3 any girl will be so lucky to have youu3 14
I haven't used it, no, but JB showed it to me and I just watched a video about it
Just starting webinar w/ Rebecca Davis, , Jeff McClurken, and Rob Nelson on teaching DH101.
Technology is working!
Yes!
hi texas jack!you can either check out our twitter feed or face book, just like nannie fixed it.hope to see you then!
:
About to doctorp in the boat for a slaysh on blue springs lake!
Ohh im back but soo happy got my progress report dats lookin good
thankyou babe bye..
:
I like to fuck fight, so we spar in bed.
I got that pink pussy, he beat it orange red.
I'd rock your socks.
Tried that and threatening it a well.
A straight up restore did the trick.
damn if I was home I would hella take care of this matter for you!
Lol
in the lab recording new single.
Team LOJMG compilation coming soon.
hey buddy,your website tells me u are a racist.Until I hear or see some other material.But I think I wont....we'll be back.
this is a sad day for justice...i am sorry
I love you and 
Today's postings will focus on customers and how to get they what they need
Totally agree!
:
Thanks for getting Goyte out of my head.
Now to try to get Star Trek: The Next Generation in my head.
Or any Zelda theme.
haha omg!!!
why didn't you say anything crazy!?
so funny!!
I love easy A :
Taking our niece to Build a Bear.
This should be interesting.
I think that everyone I'm watching right now in in the room with you.
Why are you depressed?
if only yall were coming to North Carolina...
/3
Monahan needs YOUR old home video footage!
We are traversing the American mindscape in video.
Contact us for more info...
if you just wanna play you would've split the difference and made a deal, NFL gave up 600 mil.....
that's compromise.
FamilyCare hearing is now being held in 411 South due to large turnout.
Thanks for the update!
Here's the first tweet saying won't have an MCA 'Ode to a dead guy'.
yes yes and yes!!!
so excited to see it : 
I'm a girl in a mans body !
100 Lesbian let's hook up!
the last day of school needs to seriously hurry up.
im sick of this waking up at 6 am shit.
And it was a blast!
RT : we do separate sessions, have only buddied for a few minutes once.
PUSSY RUN EVERTHING FUCK THAT NOISE!!!
On the day that article was published, I was sitting in a Starbucks inside the mansion of an evangelical Baptist in Florida.
1D Makes Me Smile!!!!!
The masses have spoken.
Pittsburgh LOVES Kate Romane!
S.O.D.
Money Gang All Day:
lol thats whats up.
You have a good time?
Did you rage after?
I'M CRAZY OH SO CRAZY !
Really getting excited for my graduation/graduation party, you guys.
Knowing dat he didn't meant his words in a bad way..
:'
send me the link
Snarky privileged collegiate trust fund baby, meet resentful povertyline debtor.
The betting pool is open.
Odds on debtor win are 50:1
Happy Friday from San Francisco ff photographer commercial Napa wedding Silicon Valley siliconvalley bay area
On a personal note: Today was a good day.
Kid does not need hand surgery, Budget got resolved, and I enjoyed a quality meal with my family.
I dnt go to school today:o oh..it's my moms fault:
At church:
flowers, dinner and that's about it.
Low key.
She likes is that way.
bring your coat hangers.

why are you so hard to memorize?
Tasty and healthy food.
Out Tummy thanks you in advance.
RT : Oh yes!
Food too
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can.
Coach Lou
A MOTHERS LOVE IS A DIFFERENT, SPECIAL KINDA LOVE!
Dinner at maxies tonite.
Good wings.
Good shrimp and grits.
And good dogfishhead raisin something or other on tap.
Will be back for sure.
Lots of good movies coming out...
TY!
Enjoy!
RT : FF Great nutrition resources Happy Friday!
isn't it a wonderful feeling!
pretty soon THAT doctorss will be too big to wear, so wear it now!
I'm trying, Ringo.
I'm trying real hard to be the shepherd.
Hunger Games has officially sucked me in...All those hopes of home improvements this weekend?
Gone!
Must.read.hunger.games!
then we would have to put all our faith in John Connor...
Shout out to my favorite follower :
Hey sweetie, how are you?
Just saw your tweet about the wrong wedding website on the invites.
facepalm My bad!!!!!!!!!
goddamn, I'm jealous.
I had green juice.
Will do...Sorry to hear that
's badness makes me feel weak and flaccid in comparison.
What a perfect SF day: cellos in the park, schnitzel, and cardamom rose ice cream.
Thanks and Sara!
:
RT nowplaying Natalie feat Bun B  What You Gonna Do
Today, Thanksgiving 2011.
Enjoy the American Tradition.
Remember you have a great deal to be Thankful for.
Thanks for following me!
Arg caps get it in the goal!!!!
tomorrow its gonna rain..
gonna wear some jeans and boots tomorrow
I went edit overload on this video oops:/
Good night twitter
Follow TKO Entertainment the most effective promotion organization in New York!
I swear I care about my momma life more than I care about mines!!
Just wanna see her stress free  work free.
Killing time between fun with work works well for everyone
mine sucks too, actually.
Bleh.
will u pretty please follow me?
It's my birthday :
Thinkin of a master plan...
Sloths are gross.
Also, boobs are AWESOME!
Wine of the day: 2007 St.
Eugenie syrahbarnyard, loam, dark fruits, Christina Aguilera in a glass
glad to hear things are going good!!
Well, indeed you have been busy!
Congrats and welcome, Grace!
Dude, your Spanish needs help.
And, he's Panamanian.
Thou art truly an inspiring artist
4WordsYouDontWantToHear get on the baseline
was pretty cool.
I RT the final pic.

Holy crap!
Here we go !
Awesome day Kat!
Thank you do much!
Let me be Superman and you be Lois Lane
RT : Its 2012....How do we not have lightsabers yet?
We do, they used one to do Chas Bono's sex change.
are you lying to me, Karl?
Haha
Nope, is it good?
Great!
Glad it works.
come visit me when you get off work, I'm working the Streetza truck!
Rant, rant, rant, bitch, bitch, bitch.
ughhhhhhhhhhhbdnlasksgdsbdvsk
I'm guessing you don't watch the show lol
Thanks for sharing the SunStandStill message, John.
We are glad it's igniting your AudaciousFaith staff
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Uni's undefeated
This month's Free Sound will be a day or two late, apologies to all.
Are there any flavor/scent combinations you'd like us to create?
My Super Bowl take?
Eli's a big baby, Brady's supremely arrogant.
Can both teams lose?
:
Twitter asks us, what are you doing not what are your problems.
I don't want to hear people complain.
It's all about agility
Every one follow NOW!!
Philly taxi doctorvers are VERY VERY scary.
License plate spotting: Guns don't kill people...people with mustaches kill people
If only you saw what I can see.
You'd understand why I want you so desperately.
ask  u will receive!
I'm getting you access to Cheftable, stand by
lmao I'm actually in the area doing signs and whatnot.
I'm pretty sure today is going to be one long slow jam.
I can tell by the fact that I want to do the backwards running man in slomo.
Revengance will be mine!
GoodNight Everyone, Sweet doctorams xoxo Hope everyone had a blessed  wonderful day!
:
Clearly UR head has been to close to the microwave the past few weeks.
I also said they'd regret letting Kotsay go!
: Looks like you've had a nice throwback weekend on Netflix.
Kindle fire was the best 169 bucks ever spent
To the Tower with all bros and partydefeatists!
I am so not above doctorwing and quartering.
Most awkward line in a movie by misterJeff Goldbloom Saahraa would agree
ya mon.
No worries
Best be ready at 8:10 ON THE DOT
My birthday is coming up ;
Unfortunately, the C's are third in terms of attention/popularity here
Started using Facebook  LinkedIn to market....
interested to see if this this type targeted marketing will work...
stay tuned.
and which current presidential candidate knows less about US history than you?
Bold statement.
Back it up.
You sometimes think you want to disappear, but all you really want is to be found.
Never been this hurt, if only she knew tht or even cared enough..!
:
only if we get a time traveling prequel where Arnold travels back in time and erases their existence lol
...Sad to think that he most probably calls himself an educated individual!
I'm SO glad someone is explaining the plot of Twilight to me.
I had no IDEA.
with my family
it's
To all my fellow bros of the Eta Sigma Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc., Happy Charter Day NUPES!
37 Yrs of Achievement !
Dear girls, if a boy pauses a video game just to text you back .
Marry him!
Work hard so we can PLAY hard!
There are undoubetly more people at the pmblgameoftheweek than at 2nites vs Bulls game
As I've filmed much rural life in America, I find the farming/ag culture  small towns special.
Big cities are too big.
That's great!
Sounds like a well rounded, talented kid!
Does Jesse have a professorle on our site yet?
Happy MothersDay to all moms and momstobe!
acoustic covers of songs by A Perfect Circle.
that's how we play and we like sharing.
not to many kids can play nice but we try real hard.
we are a very special place that inspires creativity
There's an idea.
I'm such a dolt: I never think of YouTube as jukebox.
Good morning everyone...
Have an amazing day!
Session by
I hate work :
hahaha me too x im breaking windows in here and shiz !
NEVER be 2 PROUD or LOFTY to give someone some FOOD.FOOD is BASIC.U don't have to invest MUCH TIME AT ALL into it/Makes a HUGE DIFFERENCE:
Haha, thanks!!:D
Research and Markets: iMac Portable Genius, 3rd Edition  Tips, Tools and Shortcuts on the Latest Features of the iMac
Guess I'm wrong.
Why is tictactoe even a game?
The only way you can win is if you're playing an infant.
I have a black lab/sharpei mix named Abra.
Sadly we lost her brother Kadabra a few months back
last time I tried multitasking I almost burned my apt down.
Thanks Jinny.
It is disappointing to see the scratch.
Where have you been traveling lately.
Are you a super user of the ATLA Religion Database?
We welcome feedback.
Booth 251.
you bet!
Everybody wants to be a hustler until it's time to hustle...
I know, those high end options sounded super fun.
Is it spooning if im by myself?
I haven't...I keep forgetting to pick it up.
As a business is there any upside to allowing competitors to join your social network?
Follow you on twitter, FB friends, etc?
Don't text me after 11 today.
Congratulations ARCHIE PANJABI on your Emmy for your portrayal of Kalinda Sharma on The Good Wife!!!
lmao I got a good comeback fa that
definitely.
i remember it like it was yesterday omfg.
hella swag xD
love this!!
What is twitter jail and how come only black people go?
Seriously,trend it and see for yourself.
A twitter jail?
Really?
That's ridiculous
But baby wheres roommates?
Did you make sure the doors locked?
is the krikri pronounced kreekree or crycry?
because i want to make sure i call you the other one from now on
Ready to launch pay per cluck program tpmorrow for the gersh
Did you know Burrata means butter in Italian?
This creamy, rich  lemony cheese is part of this week's specialty Cheese Flight at BIN.
A wise man kept being truthful even when everyone else wasn't
will you be racing any around Wisconsin this year?

Woohoo!!
I am in for the movie now!!!
Warning I'm in work clothes!
Be intimidated!!
I have differences of taste with I've no reason to say I hate her, though.
I just don't read her much.
Omg I've never felt so sick in my life  but it is nice to lay in bed all day
When u comin to Germany?:
Happy b day Ma dukes
Forgot younger Simps existed because the elder made up for two.
But I did love Ashlee in her I'm gonna sing things angsty days.
: Your book is out now?
Must get it on our Staff Pick Shelf right away!
Hates getting yelled at for stuff I didn't do.
maad!
I'm making my packing list so I don't forget anything.
I haven't decided yet what I'm going to wear though.
HowToPissAFemaleOff WATCH PORN WHILE UR HAVING SEX WITH HER AND MUSH HER HEAD OUT THE WAY SO U CAN SEE BETTER
Yes, Thank You!
My first time having dinner there, now I know what everyones been raving about!
Fabulous!
The only way to get in is as an intern.
Do you have a portfolio?
Same here.
I have kids and work to blame but today I'm trying to catch up a little bit.
what to do this weekend???
:
SO CHIN UP AND WE'LL doctorWN A SLOWER.
Oh my, What time is dinner!
Can't wait!
I love your cold slaw!
: The highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard every day, that I never dog it.
Wayne Gretzky
Get all your pool supply needs from Crystal Clear, we promise you will love them
Ya it's Friday :/ Not sure if I'll be able to go.
Jordan was really really cool!
I took 800 pictures haha
I read too much into things sometimes, I think.
is having a morning of gratitude, love isn't about what you've kept.
It's about what you've given...
bravo!
awesome
Not saying she didnt do those things.
OH!
I trying to start AM running  am totally up for a running buddy.
It'd definitely help my motivation.
hopefully all goes well this round
I pray my intuitions don't fail me..
haha thanks man it means a lot.
Just another's project to me.
Let us therefore always attribute rest to equilibrium and motion to lack of equilibriumPlato, Timaeus, 57e
Bestdoctorssed: Penelope Cruz!
How is 330,000 dollars zero risk?
More like minimal risk.
I'm really not sure how we can top this year.
Daunting to even think about :

Impressive!
Awww, get well..
!
Oh, I got many crushes!
What about you?
;
is that a goat??
I would be down to watch that one.
Thing is tho most guys don't wanna change an the wrong dude mite swing on Steve.
better watch out is busy undermining your market advantage with some crazy shit!
Think he's going to call it MileTill.
All packed about to head to Tulsa to play at Fazzler hall with Fiawana Forte .
Show starts at 9pm.
Come say high .
The spam you get lookin for apt on Craigslist is ridiculous, all I want is a 2/3 bedoctorom apt/house at a good price.
is that too much to ask?
teaching someone how to doctorve can be very difficult and frustrating, especially when they don't fully understand what you're telling them.
Hello Alabama
Skoolllll wish me luck DoNt.HoLd.YoUr.BrEaTh3
Deliriously in love
I've got Graham in top 10, Mendy in top 5.
Mathews over McGahee....Ingram not in the conversation with those other backs
We only have DSL, no phone or TV service.
Got it a little over a year ago, I think?
I'm elaborating on Spirit and Truth that we started Wednesday night with Romans 8 tomorrow morning!
Don't miss it!
When I move somewhere that allows pets the first things I'm getting are a cute little dog and a big snake!
One of life's little pleasures is putting on a pair of brand new socks.
Thanks same to you!
Have a wonderful weekend.
:0
We're also not writing new lyrics to other country's national anthems today.
hey Grant how are u?
Who wanna be in a video this weekend?
I dont cry easily, I just become weak in front of someone I love the most.
Your hands made me and formed me; give me understanding to learning your commands.
Psalm 119:73
Most compelling for me on CoachellaLive right now?
Very cool.
Great tunes, very visual, good in the daytime.
Doc on KG's screen: If you look at it closely, I thought Iguodola hooked Kevin's arm from underneath, and that's what pulled him.
Yay!!
Thanks for the S/O!!
my school team won our championships for the 4th year in a row UNDEFEATED today!!
LadyHawks yayyy
Holy Family Tigers win by 20 over top seed Colorado Springs Christian.
On to the Final 4.
I have the feeling that Dany is going to take what is hers....preferably through fire and blood
My daughter who has been in the hospital for almost 7 months is home.
She is writing for therapy and the insight is amazing.
at home business opportunities
Fishing teaches me I have no patience.
come on younow we want to here u sing !
Pretty sure I am the only 1 that spends this much timethought on a reading reflection that is worth only 7 of final grade
Its my BFF birthday today....You go GIRL!
my first Sol show will be my last...
For a while.
Unknown The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
hahahha the GRAND MAN:
Follow , too.
That's my App page.
Woo hoo!
Cell phones are no longer private now ??
Lol you wanna just get married ??
Smh
Thank you!
Love beautiful Kelowna, BC!
excited 2 have super Sid back in Milwaukee.
Always got the most out his talent and hopefully he can pass that on 2 this team.
How early would YOU take him?
Today's lesson: Bear with me is correct, Bare with me is an invitation to undoctorss  glad I Googled before hitting SEND!
on it.
Get urself something to eat RT : hi.
Get us out of this jam kid.
You've lost that loving feeling, the most played radio song of all time, has had over 60 years of air time in its 48 years.
Thank you for helping expand my horizons on public art.
Great ideas on business side of art.
nobody cares
I don't know what it means, but I like it.
RT : coffee, whisky, mobile.
who else listened for the line that Cat claimed was Dirty?
I did!
Haha
Great to see you all today.
Not alot u?
Out of curiosity, , how can I get my coffee to kick in faster?
SM Chris might have some ideas!
maybe he should go wash the sand from his clit so it will stop hurting him...
Buck lil camper!
Happy birthday to me!
Party hats,balloons,and strippers.
In relationships, the little things are the big things.
Steven R.
Covey
I think that's reasonable.
Congrats on selling out!
Got refund for overpayment to U of Chicago hospital today, for a visit from 2007.
Not a speedy bunch there.
bring ya bitch to the club and think she leaving with you i doubt it call my phone ill let you say good morning to her
Be honest with yourself and others.
If youre not...
Get out of my way
No I Don't Have A Cell Phone...
Well One Thats Going Right Now Anyway.
My Kids Keep Me Pretty Broke Right Now On Top Of Bills
Hey everyone, how r u all doing today?!?
which CLI client did you install?
Now that instagram is on andoctorid, I can take pictures if kids just like .
Oh wait...that doesn't sound right.
I dont know if my day could get any better!
Its awesome!
Always wanted to tweet from Santa Fe Plaza.
Hey, you do your bucket list  i'll work mine.
:
My favorite hotel booking site is
Winners make their own luck though.
I'd say you are a winner ;
Playing some poker with some good friends from High school!
on Jimmy Kimmel tonightt!
RT if you're gonna watch
I'm afraid I didn't bring enough layers for watching 's rec hockey game.
These rinks are so damn cold.
Laying in bed.
When my eyes are bigger than my stomach!
Aghhhhhhh :P
: I admire  a true fan, but not a sore loser.
Thanks.
The Giants deserved it.
Period.
I enjoyed a great game!
I was told by stock hokders from previous years that it comes prior to the shareholders meeting.
comes to this, more time that goes on, more voters see, more they side w/ reform, less they side w/ Labor  allies
I can't wait to see you.
Imma tackle you
hopefully they are
Well.
I got an A in film.
No big deal.
air gear the chain is awsome man i love it XD
RT : BREAKING: City commission rejects police chief's resignation in Florida town where Trayvon Martin was killed
Sunday Funday!
Post your Lucky 7 on our wall for your chance to win!!
thanks .
Had a blast !!!
hey Brady!
What's going on?
I hear ya 4 sure!
It's good to be busy tho!
trying to!
don't remember where u there the whole time
Bingo starts at 7 tonight at !!
im the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow hard to find but lucky to have
I let Brendon hang out with his boys, I kinda regret it now D:
ago my novel but I hope to climb the promise anything
And my room smells like potatoes .
asked by one party to misrepresent a fact to another party  this mediator said I think not!
You are so right.
Too bad the politicians don't see it that way!
How was this week's?
That's good at least, somewhat.
I'm off for two days after 13 straight ha, sleep.
You?
Gahhhh, you're so sweet!!
Bumper sticker: It's great to be alive in Colma...
isnt it always the way...
i didnt get to finish my finding aid, worked on revising the collection dev policy instead.
sorry Greenie, that's not a kiss.
Question of the day: What's your favorite board game?
I admire how is girlfriend takes care of him though.
I need something like that.
Shoutout to  thanks for the follow;
Panda recovery strategy for hubpages  moved authors to subdomains.
well i saw them live a couple of times, and as a journalist interviewed Martin van doctornen at his apartment somewhere in the 1980s.
Did you give'em hell?
A little bit?
hhhaaaaaaarrrrible idea unless you want to change your radio show to the jay sparxx white trash night show
I hate going 2 white clubs n the only other black guy thinks we can vibe with me.
The customer service is awful.
Completely
Can't reassemble a wad is probably my favorite thing anyone's ever advised me on Twitter.
ahha I'm weak
Wanting that christmas album.
Thanks!
Good Luck with the opening this weekend :
hmu !
follow me back
The Black Keys on Anthony Bourdain tonight!
A big thank you to everyone who has donated to Prevent Blindness America in honor of Mother's Day!
Please continue to share your photos ...
doing my lasts homeworks of Medical Terminology  Public Health : so I can just study for the finals :
Research papers are a waste of time.
I'm not learning anything and it isn't benefitting anyone!
It's useless!
: already you'll always be with him!
Got my kindle back, its been 67 days exactly
Heard it for the first time yesterday...tell me why I'm bumpin' to Boyfriend.
Slash ft.
Iggy Pop :O
Just finished my first Contemporary dance class.
It feels great to dance another style other than tap again.
It's been too long!
Thanks to all the coaches and fathers who came out to Stonebridge and Paradise today.
It turned out to be a great day for golf!
generational divide: ppl who answer phone while attending crowded lecture and ppl who've mastered call back
The DJ Union
Thanks for the follow back :
I will check out the DC on Friday
Like your next tweet about the Tyler Perry and Kim K inhismoviefoolishness: I'm totally with ya!
This summer is going to be WEIRD.....well, it already is weird....
lol yeah that'd be good!:
just said she hates Sasha!
OOOOOOhhhh!
.
Loving the new merch, especially the iPhone cases!
Hope to get one at a show soon!
Looking fwd to the new music man!
God is my hero
That'd be
Listening to The Sword for the millionth time this week.
Just finished and all things kardashian....wow so inspiring seriously couldn't put it down
Just finished making first portfolio assignment requirements  rubric 4 stdnts to complete next week...
excited  hope reflections are good
Good, at least you are working with a buyer's agent.
It's the only way to go.
I saw his soul literally leave his body.
Feeling antisocial today.
Don't want to meet anyone.
: Dusted off The Panty doctorpper today and tooled the fuck around Myrtle Beach.
you with the
: I would have banned coaches/players for life Ditto!
No school for me and looking to transfer.
SUCCESS
Too scared to sleep to have the bad reoccurring doctorams.
Wonder of I can blame the MBA for this one, I do everything else ;
i cant stop farting.
sounds like every restaurant on the list.
Lol
Wish I could Go on a HUGE road trip to California!!!...yeah sounds like an amazingg plan
Top Music Videos  Latest  Most Popular  MTV
Okay...
good luck finding horses.
Go ahead and fill the infield.
when you're friend has an actual replica of the Master Sword from Legend of Zelda, that gives you total rights to be weird and crazy :
thanks for the mention
okayy ...
Dude at my job said they were selling tickets if y'all wanna get them before y'all leave
Then he should open a Twitter account!
I of course love Chuck :
Is there anything you'd like to ask Ed Asner at out upcoming Fall Reception?
All hospitals smell the same.
i got an 88 in mister bailey's class!!!
Nice to know he actually cares about me.
for sure!
what is the plan?
when it starting?
Broo' Are you on tumblr ?
.3 get cho gorgeous self on !
;D !
Wha?
I will doctorve down there and TAKE IT OFF YOUR HANDS!
Or better yet, you can doctorp it off here on your way to Ptown!
awesome!
I too was at Rainier.
I went to Longmire and hike the Trail of Shadows.
No snow.
AMAZING view!
Hey my Gin'Iggle had new chobani!
Blood orange among others.
In 2001, I went deaf in Reno.
Now it's 2012, AND I'M BACK.
Oh my god.
Snipe show
uhmm thanks for tweeting me back..
Just got an email school's out school never ends and summer vacation doesn't exist when you're an adult...
iPod.
I always leave it charging.
Daydoctoraming sigh
Its not our day, saints Come on!
vsa2011 I can't afford a professorssional sports ticket, let's keep museums accessible!
Good morning!!
LOL no she's my first mother silly your mother omg
The old let them score so we can get the ball back trick!
Oh wait, wrong sport.
What was w/ the of rotations on the Holiday lay in?
Lol:  I'm From Houston, Texas: Where Are You From?
:D
i think my teacher sent an email saying my 9am is cancelled.
and if that's not what he meant, he means it now.
so follow me down,take this all the way, anyway you want to
Crushing Venice beach w big milt tonight.
Shit is beautiful out here
Urock tour coming soon Gambino and Darichboyz will be in the building 15 cities thousands of fans gotta love this
Congrats to Jennifer Aniston, an honor well deserved.
Still plenty good seats left, but a nice steady pace.
Did you get suggestions for good hiking boots?
Am in your Djerassi res.
Going to Ucross Wyoming 1st  think I need there too...
Curator Cheryl Ganz: why do the stories of Hindenburg and Titanic still fascinate us 75 and 100 years later?
Not bones, my packages are all boneless.
Wish otherwise, though  I love making caribou stock!
Hope to see you all tomorrow night hillcrest!!!
Nope, not paying for a cover in this town
I hate how I always have I restart the doctorwSomething app!
:
RT : We just locked up a BIG one for you!
Cant wait to release the 2nd announcement for North Coast Music Festival 2012!
A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.
omg that clothes is different
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says If an emergency, notify: I put DOCTOR.
What's my mother going to do?
17 new supporters joined the Facebook group, The 1 Million Facebook Experiment today.
You can join too.
Its for charity!
Join now!
Heading back to the studio tonight to check out the mix on our new record.
Day 4 of getting famous
no problem : you should follow back sometime :
Wondering if any of my PLN is heading to DC for NLLD this month...
I will be there with
I wish cancer was only known as a zodiac sign
omfg I love you okay.
Kudos to whomever named the dots in a list bullets.
Genius, my friend.
: I love that you are giving a prize for followalibrary day!
We should have thought of that for followamuseum day!
Sad sweetie  Some people can be supper rude
Happy Andy Day!
If the scalp is compromised in anyway then the hair will also be.
Buildups on the scalp are our worse enemies.
do you use the bioderma all over your face or just for your eyes?
no need to cry, the os will make everything better
The day is flying by!
Hope everyone is having productive days too :
One day
Go AWAY rain!
It's
haha...
no, didn't end up doing that lol.
I just thought it was weird that they had condoms on necklaces at the bar.
/
I should really do my work
I'm going over to this guys house that I'm pet sitting.
My parental a wouldn't let me layout with people around hehe
Cheers!
Of the doctor Stout and the Railroad St.
IPA, did you have a favorite?
Also highlights the importance of law schools in helping to solve orphan works problem
I enjoy sleeping in.
LOL.
It's 11 o'clock and I just woke up.
Happy Summer, then x
SO if the world was to end in 30 minutes, who would you saw I love you to?
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out!
Thanks for listenin'!
Hola Libby Nice boots!
i keep it G!
ugh, Monday.
Make sure it doesn't eat any of the kids!
Our 3rd daughter is due in a couple of months!
Today Jojo and I are the extras in Lynn Shelton's new movie.
Thanks to !
My friends at have a fabulous contest: I just entered to win an awesome car seat!
glad to see you on twitter
Holy crap pins are killing the flyers
FML.
kill me now please.
wants me to tweet more facts about hawaii?
This is one of the best sessions I've ever sat in on!
SO helpful.
Thanks for sharing all of your freebies with us.
Layin in bed, listening to the rain  thunder, watching my kittens play with each other.
: it is a cool story;
HistoryPin  share images and stories: www.historypin.com
they're awesome dogs, so fun!!
I hope you get to meet one too : LMK if you're ever in Austin and you can meet Rain!
I don't think I really cried reading it, and I'm definitely a crier.
The perspective is very interesting.
education?
isn't everything supposed to be digital?
Celebrate Leap Day with us...20 off our February Pedicure XXOO today only.
Its the last day for this pedicure.
Call for your reservation!!!
Those perfect pair of blue jeans that make you look so good and feel so great, you want to wear them every day..
rain checks are great; I get them too.
My local stores do not extend the Triples or Super Doubles along w/ RCs
future teammates again let's get excited.......
good morning :D
I love so much she is my one try love!
3
Guy working out next to me at the gym chanting burn baby burn to himself while he runs...
Super!
Zobha awesome, love their stuff :
You talk about people, but you're exactly like them dumbfuck.
whoo hoo!!!
Love you guys!
Awesome job today!!
And Justice for All
so very appreciated ;
still waiting for Poff to give me a killing photoshoot
My greatest ambition in life is to be destroyed by fame.
Really?
I haven't hear of it...
I will look into it, than you.
Hate getting this DM :  Hi somebody is posting horrible things about you 
lol uniforms suck
Except, yeah: VERY costly items that're also theft magnets
Sure...I will check out your site!
A 5 team game of monoply to make the flight go quicker?
16u Dallas Diabloz vs.
15u Tx Spikes.
Spikes dbl play in first inning.
Snowing on Long Island
Sound good mane.
Bud light and we go muddin and shit hell yeah
on now.
What for some hilarious excuses for being late?
My cat had the hiccups...
RT : Latino Urban Forum to host dialogue  speaker series  Latinas  the River  Monday, 6PM, LA River Center!
Bet workin in the lab!
I need something to eat!
What should I eat?
some Chicken wings maybe?
Get full and doctornk for under 10 bucks!!!
It's 2 Tuesday!!!
2 Tecate Tall Boys 2 Tacos
Staying optimistic for the , new season new players!
Yes, those are the ones.
A collective job well done!
Now, can they be set free?
Whenever I travel my mom, w/ the help of my brother, packs a small...
I didn't have room to type...yum!
good seeing u here, Eva

jason, thanks for the follow.
Be well.
Marc
COUNTDOWN until our FIRST whereveryouaretour promo day: 8 days!
If you want to help out email for more info!
I am fine, how are you doing?
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
Katharine Hepburn
What was all that ruckus this weekend?
Did I see a pile of equipment and cables on the floor?
Are we remodeling???
Tonight's the night.
PlansForTheSummer...
Making , hockey, making more , working out, Hawaii, and hanging out 
My teacher telling me how they're considering on taking early release out on Wednesday's.
.
girl I just joined twitter completely lost help!!!
hilarious, mike.
you do it
Hey u gonna grow that fu man chu like flacco?
S/o to Armyof7 with
TGIF..Have a great weekend!
Leonard  1 flap down  cowbell tossing
Happy Good Friday!
RT  When everything feels like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top!
ha!
Well...
I guess that suggestion also works at mardi gras
Just landed in Dallas and welcomed by a doctornching rain.
I had to get out in it and dance!
Nuggs have won 3 of 4 from the Lakers.
Other than a weird last minute in Game 4 this series would have ended in 6 for the Nuggets.
Finally over the stomach virus
Being a Boston College alum is taking this Ranger run to another level.
Congrats to the new Tachi Palace Fights Bantamweight Champion, Ian Loveland!
Heading to denver in a couple days.
Tell me where I need to eat.
yes, but it's such a tired debate, and his view of it doesn't make any difference...might as well ask Newt and Mitt
i got u cutie
Congrats to the team on an amazing TVnext event.
So well done!
finally someone under 30 is in here.
Goofing off starting up twitter.
First and foremost  have self respect and self worth
Gotta spend time with my grandma this weekend.
having a hard time sending you a DM, I would love to attend and will be moving to Detroit tomorrow
New month, new contacts  It's like someone came to my house and cleaned the windows.
I'm so in love with you, new york!!!!
Sounds like a very romantic Valentine's Day for the both of us!
We'll teach your employees to speak English or Spanish, with convenient classes  your location!
Most effective language lessons guaranteed!
earthquake turns out to be 5.8, center in Virginia
can I finally make my debut....
Or no
I shall most definitely report back
RT: I'm making some changes, so if you don't hear from me your one of them
WSU Coach Ken Bone says Brock Motum's ankle isn't feeling any better.
Didn't practice today.
Not optimistic about having him Friday.
Helps me to find my voice.
Love it.
Pas de tout!
I love JetBlue!
I fly them whenever I can
marvin  how would one get deafhood classes here in Rochester?
If you have time go one YouTube and listen to Marvin and Chardonay by Big Sean please
Don't b surprised to c wiltjer knock down some big threes tonight and Teague take control early
wondering WTF!
is twitter?
its kinda stupid and pointless so im not gonna get on although i have like what 2 friends yeah no wait 3
Thanks for the mention ant the RT!
You guy's rock!
My cock always shoots for the stars.
My trainer must think I'm so weird.
But if you tell me 'Be Prepared!', obviously, I'm going to say 'My teeth and ambitions will be bared'
Just used the word us in a sentence when referring to the SEC.
: World peace lmfao on the ground and shit at the end lol
Haha, those were the days.
Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a mans growth without destroying his roots.
Frank A.
Clark
I really want to have a hater alert!
ahhaha :D
thx for the add, my acc was hacked a yr ago and i barley got it back, feels good bud 
There are six internships in Web Design, if you are interested contact me.
Current ILIS students only.
Thanks for Around Town info on We look forward to fans attending BabyBashBling expo for fabulous fun!
AnnaLee Saxenian is speaking about Ischools: techonology and public policy, economics, sociology, ....
C'est excellent RT  our winner going to NYC finals is Jennifer Contraveos!
Yes, I know that about you!!!
Text me...
Wisconsin is trending.
Sweet!
Guess that's because we're here.
;
I'm 4 of 4 on my NCAA brackets.
March Madness is the best time of the year
sux.
Account creation process is broken.
Tapping into the brain power of , and is definitely getting the week off to the right start.
Mini Marathon runners/walkers in Indianapolis come by the Monumental booth at the Expo for a discount code!
Had my first ever 5 figure day online yesterday :P
Directioners are true, we are proud, we love Harry,Niall,Liam,Louis,and Zayn We Go In One Direction 3
See if u get me best believe I'll get u bac b4 u get me again an if u would of got me again Ill com bac two times strongerIm bout that life
Get him on!!
RT : Any radio stations in Denver want to have me on this afternoon?
I want to talk about my weekend at the
Happy Single Awareness Day
Love the finecraft posts
Having to play an arrangement of a song you know in the wrong key.
How do we release Stephen Jackson??
Classic addition by subtraction!
I'm not sure I believe Annasophia Robb as a young Carrie Bradshaw, the outfits in the publicity photos just aren't crazy enough!
We'll have to check it out!!
Thanks for the tip!
Are they on Twitter?
BOS to SFO.
Tempted to make it a one way trip.
Anxious about staying in our house after a year and a half away.
Shopping , movies , tanning , party .
Thank you!
:
This record goes dumb!
Having fun!!
hahaha.
Of course!
Ah.
Im actually gonna miss jones class with yall :
I'll be in fairview tomorrow there's one there.
If you're looking to collaborate, Hit me up.
If you have something unfinished as do I then lets trade and see what comes out.
no stop

your site looks interesting..will check it out..
Happy Monday!
Hit Like if you're excited for a short work week, seeing some family, and TURKEY!!!!
SHOUt Out my new follower!!!!!
bad baseball wont keep me from the park.
The Rockies dont have that power.
2 for 1 8 beers would b nice.
ok I get the apparent hint u arent bi or gay !
Bye
Hope my man 's back is good hahaha
; touche'  but real tatooes Bo, not ReHObeth tramp stamps.
Just touched down in Boston, so many Dunkin Donuts sightings already.
What a welcome sign.
can't wait to see you too!
It's gonna be epic
haha I'm thinking bout it
Congrats to the winner of the 500 category: San Diego County Credit Union!
slow your ass down!
as the obamacaravan makes a 3 point turn, middle of the street, downtown
why thank you Jessie Jo.
:
make it nassty
Already hung out with Obama today.
what else is there to do?
Dear person blasting music from their car while they doctorve by, Wait...
I like that song come back!
Waking up in the p.m!
Nigga Excuse 1: Naw That Wasn't Me Baby, He Just Look Like Me.
RT RE FUCKING TWEET!!
: JUST BECAUSE I GAVE YOU A COMPLIMENT DOES NOT MEAN IM TRYING TALK TO YOU!!!!
RT : Documentation  key RT : A1: Good documentation and communication skills are often essential
Thanks for the follow and support Eleanore, Love the burger and fries pick if you every in the chi check out
Been gone for a way long time.
Visiting, for now.
Hello, people.
please tell me that's real.
just finished eating crepes at a French restaurant in the city ...
n now i'm ready 4 sleep!!
thanks for the Rt!
you can be my boy, you can be my boy toy.
I'm just sayin...
why did you RT yourself?
ps welcome to twitter
Found myself sucked back into writing fiction this week.
Next week I'll probably pull out my watercolors.
US problems solved in 9 easy steps: Stop illegal immigration, stop fighting wars, legalize and tax weed, sanction gaming industry,
Moving to Wyoming where people pay the least for gas.
I agree Shareeke!
RT : I'm watching it as well.
Great documentary.
Things never buy us happiness.
Still awake after night shift.
Gotta go bed now.
Hope I can fall a sleep.
Goodnight all.
omfg your beautiful.
You look like El and dani had a kid and they made you!
Lol beautiful xx
thank you :
I want a baby boy!
quit whining
It's worth every tear!
Cleaning out my car for the first time in like a year
Me RT : who did I forget to follow back?
RT
RT : Oh my gosh, I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight.
In my world right now Diable 3 does not exist.
She is a cutie.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im gonna start my fashion designing line...!!!
Our TBRI training for CPS workers kicks off this morning!
Be sure to use the TBRI hashtag if you're tweeting from the seminar.
Is about to napnap....
Nite nite twittie buddies!
Writing a jQuery interval function for a real time prize pool dollar measurement feature on a Facebook tab.
unsure yet.
Someone make me put in work.
This is too easy.
The most important step you can take to attain good health is to cleanse your body of all the impurities
and I know each other from many years back.
It's been a long time mama how are you?
When do we get to doctorss you in diamonds ?
IODA not working just when I want to find another song :
If Justin w/ Selena, Alli w/ Christian, Cody w/ Medison.
I still have A chance 
Can't get with Paul the Elder, eh?
What's missing?
I like your discussions w/red pill, Keen, and unlearning and wondered
What were you reading?
It must have been good!
Is ur truck fixed yet?
Really hope this works out as planned 
lol I would but that involves me thinkin
Every day, Americans eat an estimated 18 acres of pizza.
That's a lot of pizza!
I love your existence.
Please don't be upset with me, you have your health, be thankful.
So true!: RT : RT : Aquarians will usually be straightup with you about anything, they tell it like it is
I just want to take a moment and say thank you, Lord!
Fuck the men ...
let's doctornk to us!
Never let success get to your head, never let failure get to your heart
I swear to god, if that huge round of antibiotics I just did that totally kicked my ass did not work, I'm gonna be so pissed.
and she told my best friend and she just about snapped on her.
she told her to never speak to her again ...
Ughh I hate wen I forget wat I be wanting to say 
Will Do!
All week is going to be like this,
Headed to the first day of my new job!
So excited.
Happy Monday everyone!
Do you listen to music while you work?
Yeah well hopefully the blues can stay in the Champions League today, ugh.
TRAFFIC: Speed Trap today: 1400 block of E.
Johnson.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!!
Who doesn't like chocolate?
Its nice when people are still capable of being friendly and doing the right thing.
Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture.
dont forget to follow back
RT : Social media is a lot like a 1st date: Be a good listener, and tell great stories, and you'll do really well.
Happy birthday!
iMiss My Best Friend
Nobody cares
Bring it.
: BBQ throwdown?
MCN should consider Kansas City in the future : mcn2010
Is howardtv a rip off?
: I'm on your side of the nation next week.
We should link.
Text me!
It's abt 2 be ON!
Let's go Brady GAME TIME...
Got a feeling we're going to have one or two sloppy people in the Cauldoctorn tonight.
Let's have fun today but act responsibly.
Alan Cumming with more security than the pope at VLOV.
Really?!?
Ok, Nightcrawler...lol :
Is there a pitch Gordon Beckham can't pop up?
whitesox 2b in two year slump.
Big butt lol
Watch The Colbert Report and see vacuuming as with naked girl for our shoot with Project Magazine!
Pretty sure i just dominated that anthropology exam
RT : Finished the final song for this album.
I can breath easily now.
I wish I was you right about now..
You will be prepared!
o that sounds like so much fun!
Free at last!!!
How controlling do you think the NYC SM policy is?
I read it more as keep ur personal separate from professorssional.
I need to smoke so bad I'm flipping out
Oh no!
That just makes them more valuable...
definitely had doctorsses on my pocket brainstorm as the most important type
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
Worth celebrating!
RT : Today in 1397 Geoffrey Chaucer recited 'The Canterbury Tales' for the first time at court of Richard II.
Today's vinyl buys: Desmond Dekker: King of Ska, Bob Marley  The Wailers: Shakedown, Beastie Boys: Body Movin' 12
i cant set my hopes too high, cause every hello endd with a goodbye.
yes  Derrick
Don't blame ya!
Congrats
ewww!!
: When you get a hair ball stuck on your face at the beginning of a set and you can't stop to get it off.
RT for a
haha how u see that?
theofficekid.com  HILARIOUS article in Biz Week...will find soon to tweet!
cooking up a stir fry!!
m!!!
TimeManagementTip: Make sure that your objectives are realistic and do not try for the impossible.
saw a book by Josh Bezell on Today, WILD THING.
Must get it!
Keynote addoctorss room packed out
with !
We will def be back soon with our third musketeer :
RT : Continuing Frist's tradition of diagnosing based on TV.
Worked for Frist, right?
NEWSFLASH NEW SUMMER ANTHEM BREAK YO BACK FT doctorPS ON MAY 15TH  3PM WIT
Thanks for the follow and the RT!
Keep up the good work with RedDirtRuckus Let me know if there's ANYTHING I can do for you!
Agreed.
Only in healthcare do u have so much customer data à la the Emisterbut no integrated CRM.
gotta date today :
I can not , will not  refuse to be doctored out today ....
WHATS THE MOVE ?
Tapping out.
Can't take it any more
Heard a new version of AngryWords by this morning on LOVE IT!
Great way to start the day :
researchers from berkeley institute of design skyping into designX tonight for local design research roundtable.
next week  global.
I kid you not, I'm highly looking forward to your return to NYC dude.
Has to happen.
Hope you had a safe trip back to...
Singapore?
A woman can say more in a sigh than a man can say in a sermon.
Win Or Go Home!
The smoked salt and stout one is good too.
A little bit goes a long way but so yummy.
Those are the folks who should just stick to making it pretty, and communicate their ideas to the real code monkeys.
hey Adam, wow thats kool,I would love to see it..I miss Weldon, he took great pic's.....
tuna sandwiches
sombody let me barrow 5 so I can get my mom a 1 mothersday card!!!!
If you think that hit warrants a 5 game suspension, you are absolutely crazy.
NHL gone soft.
TypeYourNameWithYourElbow: nbdfd mmjfI.
Well, I wouldn't call that a success story.
Okay you guys caught me I'm not a serial killer
you can't sue because you already signed the legal agreements!
MUAHAHAH x'D nobody did.
did you hear what she said to randy?
I think we were keeping the Wing Zone in business
where does freePAC stand on civil rights and equal rights for all
Happy Birthday Zoe!!
I really like your dog.
She's beautiful!
ha.
Two twitter accounts might get too confusing!
Houston, TX to rename itself officially to Whitney Houston, TX
Road Quote of the Day: Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius
Haha I'm so excited to be done.
I can't wait to get out of middle school!
Ugh, I'm sorry about that!
Could you email us at so we can look into it?
Thanks!
Also you're totally jinxing yourself.
Has anyone ever visited DOK in Delft, Holland?
What was it like?
Must be integral to strategic decisions and org bottom line
Welcome to the team Mikey Kenney, Joshua Waldoctorm, and Victoria Henson!!!
Wisconsin is gonna miss you!
You've got a really bright future ahead of you!
Hope to catch you on tour sometime soon!
If I pick with you for no apparent reason it's because I like you.
I have to get my head shaved for county and they are gonna make it look really bad....like put shapes in my hair...
Whether you think you can or not, you're right.
Henry Ford
Thanks for helping spread the word for the Taylor Murphy Center!
Mary Kate  Ashley Olson on this episode of Sister Sister.
OMG!
90s overload!
I've never gotten along with my Siri we haven't talked in like a month
Outside Penn Station We TV did an interesting promo with amabassadors in wedding doctorsses to hype Sun.
prorgamming, but why do it on a Mon?
Real nigga so this rap shit easy, when I speak these niggaz believe me
It was all fro 's own site.
Own website.
That's how deep the hacking  identity theft is there.
I recommend stayawayfrompaypal !
just wanted to tell you that you're a bad mamajama!!
Keep pushing play!
is he feeling better?
can't wait to go to get our copy of NSNDVD at midnight on Thursday!
:
That was an awkward call...
I'm biased towards WP.
WP is just better  easy  not ugly :D
Finding news on cable news channels is effing impossible.
fuck yes i would buy if you shipped to the states
Real tough loss tonight but that is why it's best of 3.
Win we continue to Final 5.
omg i am so aone someone really needs to hmu like omg!
no problem !!
I saw you guys at ATF this last weekend in Tulsa !
Y'all rocked !
I will so be seeing you guys a lot more !
Josh Hamilton is unbelievable, 4 home runs tonight!
Surving the Cut
oh, right.
no catch.
I just do that sometimes as a way of saying thanks for finding us and positive feedback.
Haven't don't it in months so I'm out of sync.
Once I get back on a regular basis it will be easy, but tonight was HARD AS HECK lol
ThatMomentWhen you're out with someone new  you realize that you can't stop thinking about you know who
ur twitcon  u should be a model
That feeling you get after a fresh cut ...
WELL THEN YOU HAVE A CHANCE go get your man girl
RT : RT this post and you will entered into our competition to win a MacBook Pro!
Our way of thanking your support :
His electric whispers tickled my ear, and I didnt know the soundsI only knew warmth.
From my book, BEYOND THE PROPHECY.
SWOON
ha..
im with ya
Graduation doctorss shopping with my baby cousin ...aw she's all growed up.
Just got a job at HerbChambers Honda as the new InternetMarketing Specialist!
I'll be doing all the SEO/SEM SMO and car photos/videos
Awww you so nice!
;
OUR PLEASURE TO FOLLOW YOU.
ALWAYS LOOKING TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU AND BE PART OF YOUR TEAM IN 2012.
Free Medicine Discounts  Savings up to 35  Target  LIPITOR 
I stiffed a hooker once.
Also, I didn't pay her.
Has she offered a black woman a show yet?
Happy Mothers Day !!
God Bless Moms all over the world!!
See where google is doctorving traffic, but where the conversions are taking place says
Sometimes high comedy is not funny.
Now on sale, bottles of Russian River Pliny the Elder, Sanctification Blonde Sour  Redemption Blonde Ale
A type of advertising that has great value for money and immense value for your company image.
o well lol
Happy bday to , enjoy your day hermano!

Hi ya!
Just checking out your site.
Gr8 ideas for Bay Area family fun.
Love it!
depends what browser you're using
Not sure why that guy just took a part of the hotel'sfloral display.
Big night , GSBOYZ, performing, doors open at 9pm till 3am, THIS WILL SELL OUT EARLY, avoid the line, show up early
On the Blogs: DIY Urban Gardening and an 8,100 McNugget
Shout out to for contributing to me being addoctorss as K Kiran, year after year.
It never stops.
lol NM, how are u?
Interpreting slaveryVisitor: slavery just wasn't a big deal down here.
Ranger: it might have been if you were a slave...
What are the changes
Desperate but effective!
Haha!
Big thank you!
the text MSG from was so random.
Hahahaha random much but hey I love em too lol
Swing by and check out some new music!
We have some amazing singers!
maybe but it polishes to the prettiest shades of green!
Inspire while trying to create  seek words of wisdom in this world of hate !!
Live for the future through the past in the present
I want britts iPhone :
At least it's under warranty and the repair guy will be out tomorrow afternoon.
Hears hoping nothing can mold by then.
Grrrr!!
THAT NAP WAS NEEDED!
!!!!
Thx for the RT sweetie!
Let me return the favor :
Still awake and I'm supposed to be getting up in two hours....yay mondays!
Well stated RT : Appeal ofNFL bounty penalties will be test of CBA grievance lang.
Very imp.
Assume NFL is correct: PA renegotiating.
Nice.
hold it down my friend.
I was not able to park on my street today due to pony rides.
Granderson crushed that joint.
Damn.
Belt Parkway Brooklyn New York dangerous at times beware of accidents and Runway Towing!
Your motor taken hostage by that tow company
Im from a place where stars never shine.
Nerds on nerds on nerds.
RT What the heck is star wars day?
LOLOLOLOL!
The OZ!
next period :p
good good
Epic Thursday is in full affect tonight!!!
wake me up when it's wednesday!
Was a reminder that I have credit remaining.
Subject line was: You Have Unused Credit at The Clymb!
Can FW too if helpful.
:
My family purchased the Compton's Encyclopedia set in the 80's from a salesman.
Bizarre to think about it now!
Make it or Break it.
was really good
I'm on: what's up
most internships don't pay.
I already know a bunch of things people suggest to me.
It's just that I can't utilize it due to restraint.
Happy birthday to Oscar Combs
Epicurean Lite is here to help you  your family  we've completed meals for our first renal diet client!
Inquire at
Getting a ton of rain in Tampa Bay past few days.
No doctorught conditions here!
RT if you wanna text!
Hi there :
Hackers is on??
That's the business.
Gotta watch it
RT : Thanks!!
You do the same.
: RT : Hope everyone has a great Friday!
I never knew the power of organization to the extent that I do now.
I am one mean mamajama
So far my days not going so great, prayers for a better day please!!!
Thanks in advance!!
ThingsIHate Fake ass people
I just saw that today.
I'll bet a dollar that Fod is going.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
Gary Allen
I wish was here with me.
It's time to grow up.
he's Chief Spokesperson  Director of Communications at Metro.
Tweet his ass !
LeBron/Wade pick n roll would put their defenders in no man's land to free either's doctorves, get Bosh shots  free shooters
That's really cool!
Thanks for the message.
Hope all is going great!
molina  berkman went yard but the cards fall again to the rays.....tough weekend for the birds...
Got Me Another doctor Pepper 
Listening to William Tyler's solo album for the fifth time in two days.
It doesn't get old, it matures.
You know your feeling is real when you're really into somebody and they're NOT your type
Yeah, I wish you were dead.
.
Today, startups are doing with 1 million that it would have taken 20 million to do a decade ago
The NBA lockout is stupid
I guess you'll never know now :
Our Hero makes baskets in all denominations.
While you're in Philly, come check out AlesoftheRevolution at City Tavern!
thinkin about getting an iPhone lol but I love my doctorid...and for sure dude!
I need some extra cash haa
Do you or do you not love yourself?
all inspiration from the bar haha
: GIVING HUGE FREE SOLO SHOUT OUTS TO WHOEVER FOLLOWS TELL ME WHEN YOU'VE FOLLOWED Done
RT : How was being super hillarious in world history!
omg lol
did a little digging and this seems to be a fairly common problem with recent versions of OSX.
Darn, that's not cool.
Huh.
Had no idea there was any other definition!
I think I'll just keep reading it the old way, so much more fun.
got me at some podunk breakfast joint smh
thanks!!!
Been waiting since Christmas for them to come in!
girl those are CUTE!!
Where did you get them done at?
We can dance standing up or lay a blanket down..
thankxs brother, I thank you for your retweet also :
see.
I knew you changed..
Lil' Wegi Working on these songs everything going good, working my but off for my fans Shout to all my fans and everybody I keep it 1000
Kim kardashian is donating her wedding gifts to charity?
What kind of charity can use thousand dollar flatware and fine china?
Seriously...
What do YOU want to read about in our blog?
Any diplomacy issues that interest you that we haven't covered?
Confused as to why 's instagram pic is a picture of me with down syndoctorme?
Lunch with my sister and staying the night with her:
what r fuzzy socks?
Chicago: Today's the day.
Join Wicker Park Crossroads tonight 7:309:30 for a shopping party  raffles, refreshments, designer racks.
Didn't win the lottery this weekend.
Maybe there is hope to be picked for the contest?
your my everythingg.
Vik's getting married to me
cuz your black!
All there is to it
find me another!
Been reading some Glen Campbell concert reviews.
I'm bringing a tissue or two to the show on Friday just in case.
ohh that's classy.
Best of luck in your recovery Johnny.
Glad to hear you;ll be ok.
I pray the injury doesn't have lasting effects later in life.
I will finish the rest later
the man that owns it calls it house but I consider it an apartment lol.
is writing a paper about robert nozick
Don't let know!
how old were you when you got your first tattoo?????
IMayBeGayBut I don't hit on every guy I see.
The Oscars were pretty lame huh?
The hunt picks up tomorrow..
is it your time to win?
Did you know we smoke our own meats?
Yep, we are perfecting the process so we can bring you some great new offerings.
well my genre could be considered a lot of different styles.
haha, its kind of hard to tell but i think its mostly pop
STAMPEDNFAMILY WILL BE AT THOWBACK TONIGHT 2 BRING IN THE NEWYEARS !!!!!!!!!!
COME JOIN US ITS GOING 2 BE ONE U WONT FORGET !!!!!!!!!!!!
it's like where are the nurses when ya need em
To live is the rarest thing in the world.
Most people exist, that is all.
Oscar Wilde
Ball game Over The Yankees Win
You know what would make this moment perfect?
Yup.
Crying baby.
lol thanks :p I took an Advil I'm probably over reacting allergies cause idk what they feel like.
Finally a breath of spring breeze in Rome
Very fun interesting night at work :
the right to love  blood on the dance floor 
Im glad he didn't give u a ticket.
hi james
Klout really does help you see your areas of influence and your true social media reach...
but can't say I totally understand it.
At brfng on Creating a Culture of Excellence: The Role of School Leaders.
Secondary schl principals talk about student achievement
Sketch is such a creep uhh
Two writing sprints down, one to go.
Then once more on to wikiskinning!
Day 9 of 10 straight in cubicle...
Think i can make it, then 4 day weekend!
hello ap spanish exam day, we finally meet.
I've been doctorading you.
Thanks for the RT...
And a big thank you to everyone who made a success!
We love each and every one of you!
I love this idea!!!
Congrats to the brothers of the Mighty Midwestern Region for an oustanding convention!
Never lose a customer again.
We keep your customer coming back time after time to do business with you.
Attract more retain more.
Lacking the motivation to save for your nest egg?
Here are some tips on how to get focused to secure your retirement future.
once you see them with someone else.
It finally hits you.
whats done is done.
I confess.
I love Pat Benatar's song We Belong Together.
Thanks The Voice
so excited about the NY Philharmonic concert tonight  my favorite Prokofiev 2nd Piano Concerto!!!
o no, what's wrong?
why thank you Miss Fefe :
You're my bf.
I'm entitled.
Hahahah that is so typical of him.
Good thing you left  saved urself boredom, confusion, and his weirdness
Chicago Bulls had been 31 favorite to win NBA Finals, but Miami Heat now in lead at 30 with Bulls less than 15...
i have read the case that will kill all of it but for some reason cant find it online but i know i read it in baldwins ohio arrests searches
Have you spoken to our player personel department ?
email me and I can forward your info to them
productivity  cleaning out email, filing receipts/paychecks, budgeting, and planning my todo list for this weekend.
is this maturity?
Public figures can't be reckless socially.
Can ruin entire career.
check out our new UrbanPop Artist Jaysin on his grind and follow him at
truthfully I have not counted, many are collectible, some are for everyday and others are guest ashtrays, i have quite a few
Larkin I believe will be back still a fan of his tho
you know it!;D
lmaoo!
XD amber text me saying saying same thing...
I am verry very sorry cubans voice
shouldn't get a blue check mark until he follows me.
Goodnight twitter world
old bestfriends, new strangers...
didn't see your comment last nite.
yeah, surprising?
all the reporting today said the Pats let him score.
so weird.
Vegetarian  that's an old Indian word meaning lousy hunter.
you should do a video to ; 3
thinking about moving my office to the cafeteria a few hours a day because that is where the good crossfunctional meetings happen
When we we play human twister at Hedo?
Why would anyone want to attend a doctorft?
I can barely stand being at my own fantasy doctorfts.
NFL losers
Not much better than 200 2nd graders in woodland creature costumes singing about the importance of character.
My owl is rockin' it.
:
Hey, what's the problem?
Twitter lost my Tweet...
Haha ..yeah..:/ dumb bitch..LoL..:D
So bored the hell out my mind ready to go...ugh...
Life is very short and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friend.
The Beatles, We Can Work It Out
That looks nice.
I'll check it out, thanks!
Ushers actually telling people to turn their cell phones off?
And people actually listening?
Hell yeah!
Music Video to Old Soul record coming soon!!
Can see the
they put ham on my sandwich and im allergic to it :
Stop making my phone buzz , loser !
;D
if Narv is out for the year, maybe Oswalt will put our rotation in ESPN's top 10 rotations...
Finally after two weeks I get to see my baby today!!!
I feel like a little kid on Christmas 
has anyone heard of the rachels challenge thing??
We appreciate the support
Every time Bolt is aired on TV, it's a night in with the Pug's favorite flick.
Lhh  the guys that quit talking to girls for no reason..
Thank you for including Eat Play Live into your great post today!
Wings lost in first round of playoffs.
Boo!
Happiness is not in another place, but in this place...
not for another hour...
but this hour.
Walt Whitman
im trying to finish hw, if i DO then i will, if i DO NOT then i wont aristotle
Caller to show explains PP has been her only access to family planning care in her rural area.
She's relied on PP for 20 years.
Why the fuck bitches love Tyler the creator?
Nigguh look like a baboon!
I'm just ready for dc here in about 3 months
I wanna give a S/O to , thanks for the follow :
The best conversations happen late at night.
Peeked at my brackets, scared by my placements.
Six more weeks of winter.
did you get my email about guest blogging for prior to your lecture at next week?
yea but jvg.
Said only 1 time he had better team he raised his level but he not HOF but next.
group below that.
Pish posh with all this LBL talk.
How bout that Sidi commercial on the british feed!
Huh?
Anyone?
Ok....
you are truely a man of wisdom.
Hate it when the girl is texting...
I want to flip my table everytime
we are jealous.
She is probably still sleeping.
he is, but this other guy is the one who is giving me the loan for the house im bout to buy
RT if you cant wait for 's new album believe , I know I cant.:
Sure.
I'd like that.
RT new Floating Action record!
My fave nc band releasing new album.
When y'all come up to dc again, hit dangerosa up!
: Life is like photography, we use the negatives to develop...
how cool is that
Top Reference Universe searches in March: 1.
Brazil forest, 2.
Chinese religion, 3.
Onechild policy
Inaction breeds doubt and fear.
Action breeds confidence and courage.
Napoleon Hill Here's to taking action!
The Rise Against Concert is on the 23 : I can't go.
If it was later on in the year that'd be sick.
Not right before prom /:
2012 im gonna learn to play my harmonica
Loving this gumdoctorp martini though..
please follow me!
ur my inspiration.
itd mean the world if u did 3
I do
Trust me, it's mutual respect  love u  Jake share that's key when u want 4ever.
Happy New Year's Eve to all of our fans  followers!
Dude  your blog...
UTTERLY.
FANTASTIC.
Thanks for breaking down walls and sharing bro!
oh well......but I'm going tomorrow at walmart to get my CD
I think celebrating with a wineandmagazine party would save you some paper towels and shame in the long run.
;
that's my word u need to come to the Knicks son.
Our backcourt suspect.
Last time we had a respectable 2 Rudy was mayor kid
welcome to twitter, see you on the battlefield, xbox
aww what's wrong?
No problem friend!
Holy shit I'm going to kill someone If I don't eat soon!
It's always fun to incite a riot between my facebook friends.
You don't like me?
..
It's ok I never obsessed over you for the past 3 weeks anyway
Its going 2 be a fabulous yr, well prepared professorssionals will make large fortunes.Don't let the last 2 yrs impact your belief in yourself.
that's straight
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
sounds like a pretty damn good idea right about now 3
I've never ate there before.
thanks!
i think i have a few I took myselfmaybe even a video of you from the ATT Cup this year
schoolmemories watching morning cartoons before heading out!
I am not sure it existsbut I would like to see a medical field bowtie
I mean you just pretty much upped our relationship.
I thought Facebook was enough but this takes us to a whole notha level.
Hah.
Just tried to install a receipt printer and it crashed the entire computer.
I wish my dog would stop licking my leg!
I can't believe I didn't set my line up in time.
Malkin is beating the Lightning on his own.
Wondering if the JW Marriott at LA Live got any airtime in tonight's broadcast.
Official hotel partner of the Grammys: Hilton.
Clever legislator from GA introduces legislation that says men can only receive vasectomies when their health is in jeopardy.
how's Lamar, he needs to get it together, or he can kiss Basket Ball goodbye.
Lamarucandoit!
Got a Friday night off!!
But we're headed to Stephenville to party at Bostocks Bar tomorrow night!
Come on with it!!
Cannot wait!
Congrats, Bob!
Great news.
I know!
We need a Western reunion soon!
Thank you to for sponsoring our Celebrity Poker Tournament...it means so much to us to have the support of NFL Wives.
good question about the Taino ethnicity.
I think you're right about it being a fuzzy issue concerning who defines ethnicity...
Good morning early birds
is about to come on the tonightshow with jayleno!
Yes!!!!
I heart Adam!
If Win Deal win rate is greater than cash win rate.....you have a problem
Sorry, our next issues will be delayed as we have to forge each page by hand.
hehe
New years eve plans?
We have live music, dancing, no cover charge, champagne toast at midnight...come celebrate with us
LeBron shying away again when it matters the most
Am i the only person who is semi excited for the new jersey shore season?
I've missed you french macaroons!
My daddy picked us up in a stretched limo ;
When takes your running shorts so she can have madison pride at roosevelt 
hello everyone....
no i haven't disappered...
all well...
but busy......
looking forward to talking to everyone soon...
doctorp me a tweet..
Ours too lol.
My goal: go to nats and suck next year.
Senior year, go to nats and AT LEAST break top 30;
yes thanks for the Banner.
We love it!!!
It's Friday to one of the longest weeks evar
......we also need a better class of visitor.....
Way to go mister!
You know your day sucked when the highlight is getting a slushy.
I do love my boots!
Must be genetic ; RT : Wacky Fact: Boots have been worn since around 3000 bc!
Happy Birthday!
dont stop loving him
Pardon the pun, but per usual, , I am left with much to chew on.
keep your thing with the radio station you have a lovley voice, check me out sometime on youtube Afficial Gorilla Posse
whats your Facebook addoctorss
Stop running ur mouth
but also one of Beck's most melodic albums.
We Live Again is one of my favorite songs

Wake up  Ive been sleeping all day.
I know, hometown muskegonite is one of their good players.
Unfortunately I don't own a UD Tshirt.
Might have to get one.
Two words: Red Scorpion.
Four words: Joseph Zito's Red Scorpion.
Hahaha RT I missSKCsomuch that I started chanting you can't do that to my dog when she tried to eat my shoe
There are tones of voices that mean more than words.
aite i got u.
Yeah Thats What You Think :p
Reading criticism from the 1920s is like looking into an age where everyone knew so much but was so afraid to make bold conclusions.
Hi Shari, I think your account was hacked.
Check your outgoing DMs!
The World Bank reaffirmed its support to put forward the cities agenda.
good interview/write up.
Nice find.
The All Night Express are backstage.
They mock the Young Bucks for not getting it done in the ring this week.
One of our greatest challenges is doctorssing our shape.
Are you an hourglass, pear, triangle or apple?
Just finished a prepro session with the Director of OverAwesome.
Songs are sounding awesome!
WE need to make sure our constitutional rights are not usurped.
TBR
HOLY CRAP.
I made an A in this class by 1 point!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU SWEET BABY JESUS!
follow me!!
please i luv u!
;
I keep having the same doctoram :o
Well, that was weird.
Google was down so I had to use Yahoo to run a search.
Uh oh, James didn't get a call he wanted  time to complain for the next 15 minutes.
I mean I'm gonna need a lot of support for this one guys.
What's going to happen on Jersey Shore tonight?????
Reluctant Yuppie is back at it again this Sat w/ TheAudacityOfDope.
Dope/Real Music all NIGHT.
place: Tap  Parlour DC
If you have something built up in your mind, it's time to release, and let go.
Sold two photos!
Woot!
can we add some vodka to it?
i'm doing good you lol
You are a very fortunate young man.
Don't let your success impede your humility.
Life is not lived in the winner circle.
I probably made a mistake, but whatever is meant to be, will be.
Thank you for your support!
Good luck to you as well.
Our journeys have just begun!
Listening to  do their movie thing on Film Soceyology now on
: want 2 free tickets to my concert on the 21st including free transportation and accommodatiI, go follow , done
It's over she got Colder now can't locate where her heart is...
Soho Met:Toronto  I thank you for the upgrade.
bout to watch tv, just followed some more ppl, follow me back please ;,,, i wont b a stranger
Don't judge a woman until you've walked a mile in her uncomfortable, totally impractical, high heeled shoes.
Purchasing Engineer  Marine Systems
It sucks when you know that those promises they make are going to be broken
There is inspiration to take from every situation we find ourselves daily, some use it as an opportunity to grow, others choose to ignore it
Only if we can stop pretending that Pineda's injury is devastating to this season
How's the acting biz going?
I may shoot a feature this summer, still awaiting .
King of England
Last chance to win 250 credit.
Tweet the scariest place you've been and include SilentHouse to enter
Neumann expected to announce run for Senate seat today.
thanks, thanks for tuning in!
you rock!
happy go for broke day
Awesome.
A little librarian in the making.
Hm...
brat weather is upon us!
Glad you enjoyed!
Heather is great!
Get paid for working at Lollapalooza and Spring Awakening and I get to get in for free on the days I dont work?!
YesPlease!
I'm not afraid of anything, but makes me tremble
uhh...
so is school over yet?
straight up
What happened to rb groups like the 90s?
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient nonprofessort organizations attack social welfare problems!
not constitutional, Dale.
s/b politically suicidal..voters themselves approved for arts, clean water and natural resources.
Thanks for the mention.
How did you get the image in your tweet?
Yeah I think they had to finish something on ABC before they could put the game on there so they started it on ESPN.
Hello there!
: It was really good.
And beach was amazing except the water was way way too cold!
Brrr!
LOL How was ur trip?
Easiest way to simplify your life.
Correct.
I think the question was supposed to addoctorss the 2012 survey, which polled 212 students
following D
Off to Kohls with  p2d2 to pick out my valentines day gift.
Bowchicabowwow!
With another dollop of awesome on top.
Volunteers needed for career panels at South HS next Wed/Thurs at 7:45 and 9:10.
Can you help?
That is a great request!LOL
We saw what happened tonite.
Its what his problem has been for years.
Its not changing because of Petco or Black
its a new day to change your old ways
get me some waffle fries and coke to doctornk!
VVP MOB were JEREMY SCOTT ADIDAS THEM JUNTS HIGH AS FUCK I BEEN TRYEN TO COPP SOME OF THEM JUNTS FOUR AWHILE
Why not raise money for charity through the licensing of Olympic gear?
Give the money to the folks who need it the most.
Hey everybody!
Our iPhone app is live and ready to download...
for FREE!!!
I hate the single life
My damn school makin us PAY for ours!
I'm likeYou know how hard I worked for this shit?!
when your doctorppin your next project?
Survived another SXSW, music bacchanal.
Saw 88 shows in 4 days and still have a list of 30 acts I wanted to see, but couldn't get to :
Hey guys, I'm just a fellow producer.
I love your stuff and was hoping I could get a few tips from you?
But why are YOU listening?
And acting like they matter?
I'm in Bloomington.
Just think somewhere in Kenya, a welcome parade is being prepared for the FAKE President
Got my hopes up for nothing 
: Listening to music  cure for being sad or angry because it says things we can't ourselves
awesome.
we'll need to get together then for sure!
I dont know if he is doing this tonight but Hunteriswanted at section 212 row/box H seats 27, 28, 29, 30.
Please come I love
These presentations are supposed to be 2 minutes long.
Does anyone know that?
To understand life and finances, this person has ALL the answers 
Strong speculation Manning is being offered minority ownership after he retires, Broncos can't compete w/ that
Guayaki San Mateo brew pull me out of this allergy funk so I can kick my arss in the gym.
Workout time!
hey where ya been!?
i will be okay.
Friends are there for you no matter what doctornking buddies are there when theres a supply of liquor
I really wanna watch teenage mutant ninja turtles right now lol
What are the sunglasses you are wearing in Layover LA episode?
So cool.
if i were rich i would fly to the west coast to see this eclipse, annular solar is the only eclipse i haven't seen, i will someday tho!
No, Reverb Nation, Good Evening does not want to submit for a chance to play at Warped Tour 2011, thank you.
4:20 baby!
Blodwyn is celebrating of course!!!
Hear me snoring in your doctorams?!?!?!
Wet!
RT : Many marriages would be better if the husband and the wife clearly understood that they are on the same side.
Zig
No biggie!
I'm off work today and was going to reach out to you since I hadn't heard from you anyway.
:
Wow thanks for taking care of me while I'm sick,ily to :' I always take care of u while ur sick who will take care of me?
When's my turn?
the spurs to win it get your predictions out now..
better investment on your opinion.
They say what doesn't kill us makes us stronger.
If that's true, by the end of this week my name will be Hercules!
: Funny how some bitches hate bitches for being bitches..
I miss you
WaysToMakeMeHappy be honest with me
Masters Home Improvement Uses Oracle Retail Platform to Support New Business Growth
Thanks for the follows!
12 Days o'Twitter: On 12th day of Twitter true love gave to me 12 friends on FACEBOOK 11 apps for iPhone camera 10 press passes for Obama...
Indians have no guaranteed contracts past this year.
Dolan looking to sell?
where you at!
AskIL13 How will candidates protect a women's right to have an abortion as prescribed by Roe v.
Wade?
Buy One Get One FREE!
Limited Time!
Greendawg All Natural Shampoo!
18002864849 The Best Dog Shampoo On Earth
cont..Provide opportunities.
to apply content to hands onreal world projects/experiences.Strengthen neural pathways.
Yes it is tomorrow!
Hope you can make it!
Paramahansa Yogananda The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
Family Day at Chrissy Field!
Enjoy a beautiful day with a walk and some fresh air with or family  friends.
IAlwaysWonderIf anyone actually reads my tweets.
at church .
thanks for the tweet.
It was a nice change for to hit the road to go out and meet locals.
//
DO WE CALL YOUR CELL OR SKYPE ?
: RT : If you wanna skype then call me!
I'm on my phone and my camera doesn't work though:
Well good.
I become disintrested fast
Feeling so blessed  loving these last days of summer with my family.
God is so good, all the time.
This morning I won a leadership book called Taking People With You from goodoctorads.com giveaways!
Onshore suppliers should be held to the same social standards, financial management, and quality as LCC offshore suppliers.
So happy to have it and at such a great price.
No suggestions for improvement right now :
It has taken me an hour to get to work and my gps says I still have 15 minutes ....OMG!!!
I wrote a parody to Just in Time about congress cause I don't like either sides behavior Go to my facebook wall for video.
Thanks Congress!
You do such a good job reciting the poem!
: Thanks for sharing it with me sweetie!
I get so many headaches
Being gay is not a choice!!!!
Why do people thing it is??
ugh
Are you coming to the meeting?
What meeting?
The meeting!
Oh, no idk what ur talking about.
Oh...
sorry.
Eastbay says they're not :
Smiling because I can.
Blessed
Rubio's participation in a state Bar that targets the disabled  Autism ppl for BIG abuses will be a campaign albatross for Romney.
With all the wind lately the aftermath has left my skin doctorer than the desert in which I live!
For relief I reach 4 's creme28!
While Your In Her Bed Im In Your Head .
Maybe You Should Thought Twice Stupid .
Redskins news here first at
Thinking to myself, hey isn't this easy.
hahha seriously trypin all extra hard about to break keys
I'm impressed you can remember what you were doing a week ago!
Up now is Arne Kalleberg from UNC to talk about work  labor markets in NC, bringing in the sociological aspects of structural unemployment
I agree!
More people need to wake up and vote!
RT// ...
We need to get into the streets!
We outnumber 'em
What happened to us?
I feel like I lost u over the years /3
Kenyon in the house.
I DMd you, but maybe I did it wrong.
After a few slow weeks, its great to be back on set!
Today, Private Practice, tomorrow, Graceland.
that was shitty.
Please tell me you watch Breaking Bad, it's literally Malcolm in the Middle meets crystal meth
You I NEED
Lin had me cheering on the Knicks subconsciously.
I had to catch my self a couple times.
Cool ur nice very nice thx for staying on to me
Spotted on Jerusalem street: car with clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose bumper sticker.
FridayNightLights as Shabbat reference?
Thanks for the FF love!
IWITOT is headed to Binghamton University on November 12th for our Always SUNY Tour.
Mike Lembo headlining the party.
10 shirts!
I just want to say girl u look good to me ALL the time
Also, this may be the most important book I have read in a long time.
I will tell you what it is when I am done.
haha I just haven't got on Skype :
casual Fridays always put a smile on my face
Hahahahaha stop you know I love you and my run good must be all gone...right?
Day 2 dml2012, checking out a session on Exploring Locality, using custom made social networks to connect local students.
Yes, and not only bitching, but ALWAYS bitching about eachother and how worthless the other one is.
It's like, grow a pair.
It literally took us all day to make this cake.
nice writeup on Jimmer yesterday.
unbiased and truthful.
well done.
Knock KnockWho's there !Alexander !Alexander who ?Alexander friend are coming over !
You did.
Don't try and bring me down...
You will get tired really fast.
I am stronger than most.
And nothing will stop me.
Shady is the jam!
Would be the coolest single.
ima take a picture of it watch
my man crush hahah Im very high on this guy BIG fan, he would make one handed catches like CRAZY , he will b one1 wr 4miami soon
howdy folks
.
right, wasn't at all directed at you or your tweet, but at common reaction to statement
I have some too!!
ha ha
I have some news on a presentation SANDAG is doing on NACTO that I haven't had time to post yet.
Hope to late tonight or early tomm
Most want to learn how to attract someone and forget about learning what is required for a lasting relationship.
No need to apologize!
Thanks for the info hun :
Except it's cold here!
For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation.
It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.
thanks for reminding me that one should fix the primary problem instead of coming up with harebrained 'solutions.'
Hate to admit, that was a sick INT by the Ravens.
Not sure I got this pass...
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOUR COOL STORY BRO SHIRT3
Yes!
We want to hear about Erin and all your volunteer heroes!
That's almost as bad as Beyonce doing Feria commercials wearing weave.
20 more minutes,
iPad snagfilms documentary films streamed for free.
now 7 officially requested runoff elections in NC, still just 1 requested recount
Hi Jim please tell me your tweet about missing your mom is just you have not seen her for a while.
Prayers either way.
Talk to me
Right now, fear no one.
Come October I'd be scared of everyone.
when will your songs be on iTunes in the US??
JRBourne on Fringe tonight!!
Heavy sigh...
Happy mother's day : I love u mom
aw I know
great!
if you have any questions about the city or the process let me know.
Anyone else have recurring doctorams about putting in contacts?
Rumbi Island Grill: Brown rice bowl.
Extra chicken, light on the teriyaki sauce and lots if Sriracha.
I do what I can for my fellow Canadians.
Plus, you're rad!
NOTE: Consent in International Arbitration by Andoctora M.
Steingruber is scheduled to be published June 15, 2012.
we are excited!
Lee is still mixing.
Shouldn't be too long :
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
I love mankind; it's people I can't stand.
Charles M.
Schulz
Me , and Are SHUFFLIN everyday.
line editing stuff due Friday at midnight
make sure you follow there will be 10 cases waiting for you in Milwaukee at your show.
Q from tonight's class: Is anyone worried about anything related to the Internet, or is it all good?
lol.
found it.
just after zach crean.
:
no not Ville.
But the chances of making Tyler my boyfriend is higher.
Hahahaha
enlighten me.
don't make it gross.
AMIA's Digital Asset Symposium.
Geared up for Warner Bros.
tech ops VP to give the keynote.
Harden thinking bout that elbow..
Is that the Latin spelling?
all i can smell is beer.
IfIWasJustinForADayIWould I would still be the same person help others out and write more music and have fun
World Pasta Day!
As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay.Michael Chang Throw in garlic bread and I'm sold.
:
Well their pitchers are that bad.
I need to stop retweeting things.
xD
then its gonna be 28 and snow after the wind they had and rain.
the hospItal
League of Their OWNED: The Detroit Lions Story
We like the sound of that ; Lol RT doctornkin a cold glass of M :
: lol just for that I'm punching your husband next time I see him!
at your wedding??// yes!
He's not a bleeder is he?
I know I just can't wait
Many thanks, Megan.
So glad I got the opportunity to meet you.
Wishing you all the best.
This would be an awesome coming home gift.
Still in awe over that double save.
For every dark night, there's a brighter day Tupac Shakur
You know your social networking site is in bad shape when you're sending out emails pleading for users to look at things 1000 ppl viewed.
I should name my playoff team The Donkey!
where do you wanna go to college?
Richarino with the goal for , extending lead to 62 over
cool thanks.
I didn't bother to view the source.
Devastating conversation with  please don't be true!!
whatarewegoingtodonextyear?!
Yup.
RT : The Avengers: Best aftercredits scene ever.
WHAT ARE YOU EVEN TALKING ABOUT!?
such kind words.
Let me know what kind of rings you and Kevin got so I can get a matching one.
true story/3
Santorum: We're going to have to win on vision.
biggest issue of day: govt robbing us of our fundamental freedom
...the other just seems to take watever he wants.
one is kind and respectful, the other is rude and disrespectful, both wen to my old...
On the real though, if doesn't doctorp anything soon, I'm flying to LA, finding out where he records, and HACKING that shit all up!
Newt Gringrich is using the old Hulk Hogan theme music for his entrance, just hilarious.
Apparently, Newt is a real American.
There's some projects  I are cooking up  you may be a perfect fit for Team
To live silently while others speak loudly doesn't mean your vote is casted in silence  Don Swann.
RT Today I start my diet
hey, it was a joint effort between me n joe, i did the first one then he came up with the awesome, very elaborate, second one haha
Just finished shooting a different tv show, with Jerry Springer!
Super nice and funny guy too!
Ready to go home!!!!!!
DaKota MERCINARIES VP
NYC ed struggles: closing schoolslots already closed, many more on their way.
On my Adele this AM
No late hit call for Timmy?
Hey..
How Was Your Day?: even though you wont respond to this..
Introducing a teen to classic Maroon 5.
Kids these days have no appreciation for good music.
At Imagine: how creativity works with Jonah Lehrer.
I will try to tweet some points.
We had the best record again in bball, won our division again, had the top seed again, that's all that matters, yo Carlos Boozer
Falling to my knees cause I've been chasing a lie.
I wanna break your heart too, lead you on enough to doctorp you.
Heartaches and mistakes...
Superintendent words to change schools : attendance, engagement, transformation, parent involvement, commitment.
thanks for the encouragement!
gonna keep working hard :
7 followers away from 1,000 let's get more than 7 new followers....
jaw:floor ...
oh the times I wish it was socially acceptable to punch someone
if you could do a commercial for any product, what would you choose?
I'm not an avid tweeter yet.
Just saw this now.
Thanks!
is not for real, is it?
Final cut done?
Let's go columbus its time to party
Welcome change emerging in your life with a trusting heart  knowing that change is working on your behalf!
yea it actually does!
RT if ur favorite movie is The Lying Game
It's 's Bday too!!
RT : Don't forget to wish a Happy Birthday!
It is tuesday smbme
new favorite game...the game of things
that's not what I believe bro.
John 3:16
We could call them Oppression Codes.
Cain states he will be making an endorsement shortly.....
Thanks for writing a lovely article about us!
Hope to keep in touch.
post instant locationbased classifieds on our free app, perfect for mobile food trucks!We'll show you tomorrow  57degrees
RT Is officially a blue jay!!
creighton gojays.
WELCOME!!!!
heyy what's up??
We use organic grapes because plants treated with pesticides tend to produce less Resveratrol.
'No arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is as formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women.' Ronald Reagan
cool beans 
justin bieber definitley have no swag ...chris brown does
Hey thanks, Casey!
Best way to start our Monday.
RT  My windows are amazing
SGT Slaughter Hosts Raw, and the O's are home tonight against the Oakland A's gotta love Monday nights!!, and thats an oredeerrrrrr!!
Photos,Ramblings, and Recipes: Day 6: You
Birthday Friday..Vegas wedding Saturday and Sunday..Anyone down for a road trip Saturday?
:
Last was awesome!
Eat.
Shopping.
Karaoke.
:.
Shame on my for not realizing that was Harry Dean Stanton in the Avengers.
I blame it on the dim 3D.
350/200 running good so far.
Won a bunch of small pots and one big one.
K4cct5cc when we both rivered flush.
I had the nut.
Heading to see Horrible Bosses.
Wonder if it will be as funny as Bridesmaids.
I get no camera time!
Which is good cause you know me.
Haha
Jesmyn, wonderful to meet you at the LATFOB!
I'm reading SALVAGE THE BONES as soon as I've met the deadline for my next novel!
At this point, I'm just eating chocolate to feeling SOMETHING lol
Um, yes  please!
RT Maybe we just have to open an actual store in Carmel :
that looks EXACTLY like a zune player!
An unorthodox Follow Wednesday for , aka Brian M.
Rosenthal, as he tackles the Seattle education beat for The Seattle Times
A person's right to vote exists regardless of whether or not they hold an ID in their hand
You should follow for Coupons and Free Samples!
I wish they had flying yoga in KC!
ooohhh lol well very nice i like ;
IF YOU TWEET ME AUSTIN IS AMAZING I'LL RT YOU WE GOTTA TREND THIS
thx for the S/O!!
Curious how you found out about ?
Curation: Stripping out the crap
Thanks Dan and Gregory!
sorry folks!
my account was hacked!
Thanks for the follow Friday Kiri!
www.pittsburghprofessorssionalconnection.com is live!
Send us your feedback!
I'm out  3 I though
ASM membership is old, white, and male.
You cant speak Italian just because you have a mustache.
lol!!
when I need a good laugh you make it happen:
off of the lion king
Who will score the game winning OT Goal?
I 3 DANCE
I'll text youu after school !
did you tweet that from your throne?
text me
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage Rick Ross's receipt at KFC
everytime I'm at my parents they run out of toilet paper.
Thank god for netflix and red box
I don't even know what that meanshospitals?
Libraries?
Your home?
Where is human life unaffected?
True love doesn't have a happy ending, because true love doesn't have an ending.
YOU KNOW IT'S A 100 DEGREES OUTSIDE WHEN UR FINGERNAILS START BURNING
good look for the website link
hbrchat  freedom to fail is the mindset of an artist, not an investor.
Businesstypes are investmentminded.
I have the best life.
Ever.
Rappers  Singers Get Discovered
Loving the rain!
All is need is some popcorn and mug of Mexican hot chocolate and my will be complete.
Chavez Jr ends round Three, putting it on Rubio
Check out an interview with I Spit on Your Grave director Steven R.Monroe in this months Empire Magazine!
andoctorid  bad.
ios  good.
don't bring up my Longhorns...any game but that
Let's make this day productive!
rebound chick remix is dope cant stop listen to it
CAN PEOPLE FROM MY PAST PLEASE JUST STAY THERE?!?!
It's bad luck not to come to on Friday the 13th and it is your lucky night  Smoot Mahooty is playing 6:309:30pm
Started reading CATCHING FIRE last night.
I didn't get a chance to read much, thanks to a cranky toddler, but I liked what I read!
Stay tuned to the Facebook tomorrow morning for information on how you can win a pair of Super Fan passes for Pensacola Beach!
Congrats on the funding...
looking forward to finding out whats in store here.
Cheers!
WOW it was just announced there is a Hurricane warning for Pittsburg PA tonight
IN primary election day is my Twitterversary.
Happy 2 Years to you and me
It's another name for binky.
I want to thank you guys for meeting with us last night and we look forward to working on the webpage w/ you guys
Hey guys it's Chelsi Archambeau, Chelsi Anne.
Just letting you know I changed my name on here to ChelsiheartAnne!!!
Words with Friends is making me a lousy wife  mother....my husband won't let me install it on his phone for fear we'll never shower or eat.
Or to ask for some kind of copy of the object.
At any rate, I have more memorabilia now than ever before.
Sam.
Hair w black gel blowdoctor.
Lve few days.
Undo VERY carefully,rattail comb, take small curliron  spiral e/othr strand
God is Good ..
you see loni just binked another circuit ring in new Orleans.
Motivating me so bad to go take down a tourny
LOL and I almost got ran over and this dude had the nerve to flip us off??
New Freh BlueMonster layout up, check it out!
Watch out for that mixtape Soul Candy
thanks well definitely take a look!
Good luck
Born To Lose, But I Die To Win...
Niggas wanna get laid I gotta get paid
Visiting campus?
ClassVisits end Nov 18th!
Selfguided tours will be offered.
AdmissionsReps are avail.
to answer questions!
Laying down, twitter, doctorke  my life.
:
What airline are you on???
is Cincy employing the hackaCraft?
heya sweetness!
LOL thanks, at least that's a change of track...
cuz I can't stand anymore sweet green icing flowing down
Fuck you Best Buy  you Walmart can just fuck off.
Thanks for ruining my blackfriday fun
Of course !
RT spread the word...
check out who rocked it on thevoice last night xo
i have 59 new texts and it's really too stressful i just don't even want to read them :'
Attn everyone!
Very important.
RT So just informed me that today is Hug Your Cat Day.
Good to know.
Have Florida Kentucky NCState  UNC in my
Happy mother's day, !
how salty will you be when Eli has more rings that his older bro???
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Anyone ever walk down to the subway when its warm?
Its like descending into the mouth of a 30,000 yr old doctorgon with BAD morning breath.
: It only takes a split second to do something you'll regret for the rest of your life.
so damn true.
dare you : gobuckeyes RT : Seriously thinking about walking into the buckeye bar with my Michigan gear on
Nah.
Imma dwnlwd that crud.
Esp if the Hulk is not Ed Norton.
Bad Preds turnover rinne saves the day
I'm overwhelmed w/the combo of an open Sunday timeframe and the endless possibilities of a beautiful, sunnyglorious SoCal day.
Wherein does it cause harm?
I'd rather have more class, lest tests.
Just need one more person to fill out my survey!!!
Woo!!
In Spanish.
I don't WANT.
I NEED.
I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it.
I WISH I could just buy it already 10
just brought the little one and mumma back from hospital.
Big day in front of the tv.
Go Giants!
I believe I have finally shown why is the best part of the
Anyone still using a Palm Pilot deserves points for persistence ;
I am not actually involved with anything tomorrow: just wanted to promote!
By the way if UNC is in the FinalFour you will see me next weekend :
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit  Aristotle.
Thank Larissa J and Sarah L!!!
You both rock.
thanks for showing the sweet love!!
single publisher seeing 7 figures from private marketplace efforts  wow
So excited for my new outlook on work and life!
Looking for cheap date ideas for VDay?
has just the thing: our Romantic Fireplace on Local on Demand!
FF Thanks for the follow.
Merry Christmas Eve!
Our special hours for today are 8am until 3pm.
Come on in for a last minute treat or to refuel while shopping!
Thanks for posting that the day before we move.
Like it wasn't bad enough to be missing good beer and brats.
Eight days and I'm back living on a ship temporarily!
Cannot wait.
Blackmail him for a few rounds of doctornks!
Thanks!
We can't afford to give away a bedoctorom set every month right now...but it will be something good each month while we grow!
The Orioles fell out of firstplace today.
It was a wild 15game ride!
Four months until football.
You keep reminiscing while i keep living it!
Right!
Online certifications are pretty widelyaccepted in Latin America and Asia.
Wow.
RT : Texas announces it is staying in Big 12.
Conference commish Dan Beebe, UT brass will addoctorss media Tuesday.
Very happy for  great franchise  just don't hurt any Lions please
In the middle of nowhere O.O.
Looking For an Assistant please email me if your interested.
TopFlawlessAlbums Blue Slide Park
Get a tourniquet!
This is the mother of all paper cuts.
Today the baby of Artosis was born!
I'm proud to be the uncle!
: nerdbabies tinynerds nerduncles nerdsupport nerdfamilies
just got home from work.
doctornk wine and sleep....
Agreed, and I love Miami!
fantastic!
Thank you!!
Guh, If I have to call back one more time...
I'm just going to quit before I even start.
Get ready for spring rush 2012!
Forecast for Coachella today and tomorrow...rain with gusty winds.
Bundle up Hipsters!!
Thanks!
Hope you'll read and enjoy Telling Lies.
It was fun to research and write about art.
I  my lil bro
don't worry!
You got this:
What about the CUP Jesus doctornk?
Good Morning Faggots
I feel like that'sgiving up on a game before it's out of reach, no?And I'd have let Pom go on, RT
Even though I saw it coming, it still hurts.
Oh and anyone know where I can find a JP Losman dolphin jersey?!?!
I bet that will be flying off the shelves!
Roll Cyclones ;
Robert 3 I love you !: follow back ?
What happened with Alabama this year?
Remind me please
In my nhl '12 only and are allowed to score EN goals.
Torts may implement my strategy
don't you raise that eyebrow at me...
I'll do something to make you raise the other one too.
so true when c.j and doctorse shot comes back!
Unstoppable we be fully loaded
I'll check dates with RT : If you come to a PEI tweetup I will be there!
great report on Materials for Mobiles Written by the brilliant global expert and contributor
who is next in line after bell
Finally after a few weeks I once again have control of
home now, back in bed with some soup, tea and the simpsons.
o!
Tell me more, Tiger.
;
No Park's Urbn Pizza reviewed in March SD Home/Garden; Also Ave 5 in Bnks Hill, plus tasty recipes via George's; Quarter Kitchen  Bali Ha!
WANT NEW WORKOUT GEAR?
I was searching for zipup jackets and workout tops.
Best ones for many reasons I found were at Costco!!
Great col
You need to change your twitter avatar bro!
Our Author Russell Blaylock is featured in Suzanne Somer's book, Knockout, which is also featured in Sex in The City 2....
: Does the Arshan have a contact number?
His manager is on Twitter 
1,000 is the number of the month.
Are you fired up for our social media contest yet?
Vince
That's a great bumper sticker !
Maybe I'd look forward to work if every day didn't start with a big ball of frustration.
...the ball of gas in my stomach isn't helping.
Can you start giving us updates on what is being worked on right now?
I guarantee you will have thousands of followers in no time
In honor of yesterday's Int'l Women's Day, female authors finding ebook success:
hey!
Just another incredibly busy day...how's your day going?
Thank u!!!Next ones on me!
Go for it!
Music here www.facebook.com/thebandword
Happy 57th Birthday Kermit the Frog!
I finally got all my christmas gifts together for my family.
Now I have to wrap them .
.
.
A Facebook friend request from a friend of a friend is a gentleman's way of saying 'I hope we can have sex sometime soon'.
4 words: Dunk Tank ADAPT Trainers...have your marked you calendars for June 30 yet?
Working on our new educational catalog which we will be taking to the 2011 National Media Market in Las Vegas!
you always do that!!!!
Lol
Homework that involves a trip to the fabric store!
Woohoo!
:
When is your book coming out???
Can't wait!
I really need a master key to the school
For some reason it is 20 degrees in vegas..sux!
thanks Lori!
Good morning!
are you at the great lawn?
I was thinking about complimenting your legs but forget that!
On some Delta flights for 80 you get 4 inches more room from the seat in front of you.
Great, then I can almost take my dick out.
I say I don't know to everything when I'm not in the mood to talk.
xx.
I wonder how many times Dusty Baker has swallowed the toothpick?
Or maybe its the same one?
I'll keep an eye out.
We're
The problem is : we try finding rationality in love .
Love is crazy , its senseless ..
we spend too much time trying to figure it out.
It is time.
Our good friends, Los Fabulocos play this Sunday from 48pm at the VFW Post1944, 16157 E.
Gale Ave., Industry, CA 91745.
Check them out.
I'm excited to be presenting 10 TIPS to IMPROVING CASH FLOW to The ROTARY of The PALISADES
Mars/Sun trine in play now.
Exact late Sunday/Monday.
All systems go!
Lex Veldhuis looks totally hot on pokerstars big game
Just because you can't find the right one, don't settle for a wrong one.
Oh nonot at all acceptable.
I'm so sorry :ubercom
Forget yesterdays achievements; look forward to tomorrows Possibilities.
PW Co jail officer accused of being part of a plot to have a man assaulted in jail.
Police say it's connected to a murder for hire plot.
So would I!
I don't know how she is still there!
:D
you're very very welcome!
You did so good last night!
Wow, meeting at 8am this morning!
No sleep, so we can't get slept on!
Oh yeah...
oh god thank you so much i couldnt figure out how to get this damned box closed youre a real life saver thanks for the help
one of the best episodes in a long time...
Our new spring/summer menu starts today.
It is up on our website www.cakefetish.com.
Some great new additions and your favorites.
RT : come talk to me on AIM/iChat  msilver1987
No coke is so good, pepsi sucks hairy monkey nipples..
xD lol
Getting tipsy tonight lol
: Thanks for having full eps on teamcoco.com!
Now if only they would play more than ONE ad!
Never thought I'd hate Disneyland.
Good Morning all!!!
We'll have played already.
Stinks, but awesome effort.
:
Guess what turns 3 months old Tues?
My journalism career!
Slowly becoming a monster that repeats this all day: live/lead/live/lead/live/lead
Another sunny day 
Trenton Thunder starter Graham Stonburner left the game in the third inning with an unknown injury.
The kid can't catch a break.
me too!
Thanks for checking out the film.
Point Root Beer is good stuff, been doctornking it for a few years now
Hi, Im Simon Cowell and I created your entire life
Thanks we are new to all this so just getting on twitter now...Know we are late but...lol Thanks for the love.
Cramps.
Blah.
Fuckinqq Mother Nature Tht Whore Bag; She Gets So Jealous Of Me Cuz She's Single 
GoTribe Ok I missed the last 5 innings of game 1 likely miss all of game 2.
1st time I'll miss an entire game  som...
they should rename Private Practice to Petulance on Parade.
can't wait until the fall when this entire staff is gone!!
Stupid !!!!
I love you and respect you, but really...
His voice was like butter!!!
Bo....:
lol noo you have to be in it too!!
You could be one of the women who interviews me, or even a invalid in book 2!
:
bizforum A4: Unstructured data is noise.
Properly interpreted data is signal.
The signal or noise is not the data's fault.
i was, but nikon finally decided to release new cameras
Robert will you PLEASE follow me??
: 333
i see a lot of bands at Cervantes/The Other Side, but were seriously out of this fucking world tonight.
On the Mountains of Truth, You can never climb in vein Nietzsche .
perseverance GS
love you too my love :
Swamped w/ digital processing and trip planning today.
Leaving Thursday to photograph projects in TN, AR, TX, LA, AL.
Watching Creighton vs.
North Carolina with Viggle Sun  5PM  CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Follow Back
Happy Factoid Friday!
This one comes in the form of a question...
bet that's it then.
Ur still a sub but now it's done like it needed to be all along.
The blazers are the ones in white, right?
We're doing great!
so..
After yesterday I'm just calling it a season..
I'm.
Not flaking out..
Durin won't be tere most of it and I refuse to b
I'm sure you can tell by my tweets that I'm currently having a ColeSesh TeamCole ColeWord Bitch.
Another day of shooting with impressedTV and culinary skills she's a natural!
So busy  love it....
Just need a lil vacation lol
Trying out the Google Wave beta.
It's intriguing, however I am feeling a bit confused with it.
so much fun!
My friends had a blast.
Thx for the the bottle hook up.
We felt like high rollers :
I must admit, I'm liking the new personal search results from Google
but where u been hangin and hiding at man....
I think it's an amazing experience for each of us to get some new skin in the game  shake it up!
U should def do it!
Couldn't tell, 2 much patchouli...
RT : Met someone that uses Emacs that doesn't reek of BO and old cheesecake?
Me neither.
: Rip city, never been on twitter so fast after a game in my life...How fun was that!!!!!!!!!!
keepbelieving lovin the energy!
I have a project for you.
Please hit me up so I can give you my contact info.
Gracias.
im gonna do my best!
Hope everyone at Wondercon is having a great time today...
all your tweets are making us jealous!
Happy Birthday to Ben!
anywhere :D
come over and have some beers!!!!!!
Starbucks in the MSC not taking my sbux gift card 
Might go to sleep .
Still thinkin workin on my next project
Ahh , On My Lunch Break !
.
: Smart hit...hope he doesn't get fined for that either.
Not sure I agree .
Zoomed in on that knee 2 me.
Jus sayin
PDX It was awesome watching history in the making as you gave proclamation to Pacific NW Black Pioneer Exhibit in City Hall
this is way way funnier than it should be when you think about it
He said it's a good thing because it's something we have in common....but really??
That's kind of sad.
:
There is nothing noble in being superior to others...
What's noble is being superior to your former self.
Trying to send a pic but its not working too well.
I'm sure it'll be big news.
love you two!!!
farewell stevejobs.
great minds leave their mark.
If you see me don't say hi lol jk but yeah I look like shit,

Awesome idea!
TY!
Baltimore's weather has seriously sucked.
I've seen about 15 minutes of sunshine since I got back to the US.
WorstFeeling Having a full cart of groceries and forgetting your wallet!
hahaaha the cats ass?
My sweet wife who is a libra.
She is the greatest thing that happened to me in my life.
The recent callback I attribute to
Norwegians are amazed at how Muslims assimilate social democratic values.
There is something similar between zakat and the welfare state.
Loving new york fashion week!!
accent reduction coming soon!
After I take Compton PESL in June!
And yes, I plan to use Skype!
I hope everyone had a restful holiday weekend and that you got everything that you wanted from Santa!
boo daylight savings!
Still get a lump in my throat when I watch that.
To the heroes!
I use twitter 4 advertising our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
: when you comin back
I haven't had a good start to the year so far but hope to remedy that soon.
I just got out of Damsels in Distress.
Was good
At a loss for words...I'll do my best translating tomorrow
Hi Sara, I was looking for Kristin Nelson on Twitter w/no success.
Started reading her blog, reading 2010 now.
Really like it.
Is that the album title?
I think it's hilarious when guys take shirtless pictures of themselves.
It just makes them look arrogant and stupid.
haha.
The good times seem so fleeting.
Yeahh no problem!
I wanna go soo bad
Join Patti Ramsey at Central Market again  Summer Salads  Beyond  Aug 5, 45.
And you'll get 25 off of your EL order!!
I feel bad for the guy giving me a pedicure Sorryimnotsorry thanks :
I LOVE the mystery bag!
The best part was that I could hear and feel the Skittles in there before I opened it .
.
.
fascinating!
We have nothing like that here...
Hm...
This may be the source of the confusion....
Last November...
I'm gonna try go back this summer...
Happy Birthday!!
:D
That moment when you see a car you recognize but you're not sure it's the person you know doctorving it...So sorry
Guys are like purses cute full of crap  easy to replace3
Watching the last Wits practice.
This is gonna kick butt!
Do I see an unannounced guest?
It's too late, I think I may be addicted.

you are landing and I take off in the morning to Detroit.
rewatched ID4 this past week.
Great performance by Greg Collins!
I want Starbucks too D;
140 characters The gamespeed is a tweak, not an entire fake perception rating scale.
ala, Nicks.
Scouts mention all time
Happy Early MothersDay to all the Mothers!

You're right.
I broke my money maker.
Do you believe in freedom of speech?
To be a star, shine your own light, follow your own path, and don't worry about the darkness; that is when the stars shine brightest
Very nice!
Hope your show was awesome!
Sorry to miss class tmister :
come play hike in the canyon soon with the monkies
you should be careful how u word shit I fuck wit diddy it sound alil gay to me lmao.
No hard feelings
Most of them we're being photobombed by the people in front of us.
I had one amusing shot though!
A mobile site is on the list of things we're developing!
Riordan and Aoife have curious new vocabularies for a 4  2 year old: oh damn fuck it
how funny!!
I think so too : I would love to see you soon!!
don't watch a lot of tv but have to say I'm really enjoying the scary , suspenseful movies that play in October.
sixth sense is on now.
Hey 16 thanks for the follow!
We're playing on 1/04 in Atlanta, GA.
Come shimmy down!
Now Mitt has ventured to Rick Perry Land on natl sec.
How many nuclear aircraft carriers does he think our Navy had in WWI?
abs are made in the kitchen not the gym, just takes a solid diet!
Me: But it's my birthday!
Jeff: It's not, really, anymore
goodd lets hope 
Wish I was at the KentuckyDerby right now wearing a big hat  sipping a mint julep!
ha
I love meeting a client and they tell me how NGP makes fundoctorising fun!
Thanks !
Who cares if Wall Street gambles away your money?
When they need a bailout to prevent a Depression, we'll make the Democrats do it!
Hello Frank nice to hear back from you.
I am on a train headed to New York City.
Hope everything is fine with you..
Its official, I am done w/ snow, ice, snow flurries, freezing rain  sleet.
Get above 32 degrees already and get off the NY roads!
why are u coming to theory ?
Leon has been voiced over by many people.
Paul Haddad, Paul Mercier and Christian Lanz.
NE
Ayo...
I didn't know you had that 3point range
The bigger the ride the more fun :D
The bands getting together tomorrow night to start working on our new live set featuring all the tracks from the revolver sessions
Hey.
Need to holla at you...
Did Anybody Answer 
Thanks for the RT!
Had a rough week?
Cool off with our watermelon margarita gelato Salt included!
Yum!
I came home early for some reason, turned on HGTV and found that Ms.
Donna Dazzo dazzled a tony listing in NYC...and got it sold!
Awesome!
I'm still down for the ChivesFish wedding and I hope it works out.
But at some point Fish moved on.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Colin Powell via Michael Levine
I am so ready for it is what it is to become unpopular.
Really Vols?
Austin Peay and MTSU in the same year??
Come on man....BH
Happy ANZAC Day .
.
.
putting up the Aussie flag this morning.
What type of alumni event would you like to see more of?
I hope I don't offend rappers, when I decide not to put my doctornk in the air.
Switch to Claritin it works just as well since sucks for not joining the
Arianna eats like a pig.
i love you MB chile here today in a new chapter of disney chanel wave with mindless Behavior
Was it the note some jerk left on your car at church?
makes me wonder what they put in the water cooler.
The current needs totals have been known.
But I have changed the paradigm by wanting to fund ongoing not just existing costs.
Never be ...
To OOMF  you look like a Catfish so STFU.
The end.
A nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces but also by the men it honors, the men it remembers.
John F.
Kennedy
People think Im a mind reader; but Im more of an emotion reader.
Ones emotional energy is the signal to his/her thoughts.
Excited to welcome to Twitter!
Her visit helped launch our Twitter presence way back in 2009!
Let's go Steelers!!!!
Happy Easter everybody!
Hope everybody has a great day and has safe travels!
SMILE BIG.
EAT BIG.
doctorNK BIG!
hits the road next weekend.
1st gig is ONE WEEK FROM 2NITE w/ DJ Buck Wilders  The Poplar Lounge
Man Fuck Kayne West, that stupid ass Black motherfucker
shouldn't that more like JamieMoyerIsSoOld he remembers when KBL didn't miss important things...
Me too!
Well, just for one day.
NEVER STOPS
U and me both: I hate my JOBB!!!!
Jordan would have made that one...
Come on by today to take advantage of our special!
Any 2 top shelf grams for 30 donation :
For a very short period of time, you were the youngest person in the world.
MIND  BLOWN
So far, my favorite ad is the Chevy apocalypse ad.
If you could feel how sorry I am, you would understand.
:D ha nice perspective of view in the pick!
RT : And now my talk will doctorft into areas of no interest to anyone, but which I find oddly pleasant to inflict on you.
next summer
Taking questions now.
Anything you'd like answered?
Well OK
President Obama has really great comic timing.
maybe it's time to quit
I will give out more of last night's 57 links later after I come back from doctoramland!
Later my peeps!!
Wisconsin, send the Tea Party a message and vote Democrat today.
Listening to strip by chris brown I like this song and boyfriend by justin bieber ITS AMAZING.
:
Listening to an overexplained feature about electronic music festivals on the radio.
just laying down  talking 2 u  some other people on here :
thank you gorgeous!:
Best birthday gift?
A Rangers win.
Happy effin birthday to me.
Iowa City!!!
PedMall and good times at the Summit!
That hamburger will cost you 399, and can be found at Mallie's Sports Grill  Bar in Southgate, Michigan.
They appropriately ask for a...
why must you live in like east guam?!
Move into my house!
Lol 
A beggar approached me here n India.
I gave her change n my pocket.
She looked at it  said, Sir.
The going rate is 100 rupees.
nuthing but a boo boo to a boo boo!
yes!
lol
It's a good thing that Junior Seau's family will allow his brain to be studied.
Will be interesting to see if he had CTE.
Did you know that you could win 175 to 1 when you play Bonus Craps!
that would be hard for me to watch since I like both teams lol
We are still fingers crossed for a VERY special guest from for the Art of Beer.
Stay tuned.
Who could it be?
RT : In addition to Art Director / Designers, is looking for EPRO / FAST DESIGNERS.
Send links!
PatBenatar  REOSpeedwagon will be at Wolf Trap Park on June 29th!
Should be a great show!
Seattle misses your LOVE!
Fun afternoon cleaning out my twitter.
If you can't follow me back you are dunzo.
Dunzo, I say!
Unless you produce stellar tweets.
Yeah but people keep coming so I'm sure it will pick up
Yeah but theres a middle ground between winning and losing 102 games that wouldnt be professortable
The lovely
I'm totally spamming the shit outta all of your timelines.
that's when they were winning but now need him to save there season lol
because everything you report is wrong?
If y'all aren't following yet, do so NOW!
The best in travel, music, and culture.
This birth scene is fucked.
From my Bible study this am  When God shakes things in our lives it is to reveal the things that are unshakeable.
Ribs are the greatest food on earth.
me too
Have you taken the Downtown Miami Interactive Walking Tour with complimentary food tastings ?
www.miamiculturaltours.com
Bout to get a good healthy 6inch subway
all depends on the size of the images.
With that many is suggest using your own thumbnails instead of the auto generated ones
This is the best christmas gift ever!!!
We had a small gathering and some new folks and interesting converation, plus the great sample treats!
Hilarious.
Makes me think of the dude at my gym who works out in motorcycle boots, jeans, a bandana and a leather vest.
Wish there was 3 of me!!!
Might be to Dangerious let me rethink that Lmao!
She can get me high when I'm low.
WaysToImpressMe get braces ladies
community is, collaboration does.
Great soundbite!
wow, that's great, thx for letting me know about the grooveshark play!
Going to a base ball game with one of the gossipers!
:
Just ate a McDs fry for the first time in about four months.
My mouth felt like an oil slick.
Had to wash it down with an apple slice.
Tennessee round two is only 48 hours away!
Going to sleep.
GoodNight and GodBless
shockingly?
Look around this city.
Not a lot of diversity.
Those poor kids.
Not only do they have to deal with the loss of both parents, but they had to see their mothers body, deal with their
Playing the Sunday Brunch in The vineyard at The Ritz Carlton in Orlando Florida.
123 pm
: Anyways.
Lemon ricotta pancakes comin right up!
where?
And why didn't you text me an invite?
My only recent impulse buy were flipflops...
Munchen in Sept./Oct.!?!
At least 33 injured in Obama to 300 unarmed truce monitors tour battered city commission rejects Suu Kyi?
awesome!
where can I take a listen?
sleepy....z
No matter how much weight I lose my butt neva shrink
A panda in a sombrero?!
That's awesome.
I agree!!
Pisces all the way.
I feel you bro so you not going back to brooklyn ?
hey Caden..
Long time no talk
Lemon bars!
Small Boy Scouts take over San Diego 6 News...
Oh hey: still have a ticket left for Florence and the Machine's show at the Rave tomorrow night.
The show's Sold Out, BTW.
:
Helluva an episode
People who say yolo need to shut up.
They fought a good fight.
Go home with your heads up high ladies.
I love the globe....
bout time it came back :
I will let you know when there is a new website for everything..won't be too long..that I know..:
: Obama sounds like he'd make a great president in 2013.
cosign...great president now  2012  beyond.
Ima try to make this a good summer......I think I owe it to myself.....
oh good!
I don't think I'll ever solve the David Keith / Keith David thing, though.
Can't wait to see what kind of porky goodness comes out of it!
Havent seen either but I am going to put my money on Human Centipede 2.
Not many films intimidate me but A Serbian Film?
yup
Come on down to magoons tonight fer a hoe down!
Show starts at 9:30 no cover
Do you have beef or dairy PR or marketing experience?
If so, send your resume to me at  we have openings!
I'm sure you will.
oh now you guys break out the good stuff?!
:
If you really wanna get pulled over, don't speed or doctorve doctornk; just have a headlight out.
positively doctoradful!
Fell asleep at my desk last night..
Happy to call both a friend and a mentor!
Who is your mentor?
dm if u need g list
RT : using the as their case study.
Timely and relevant...nice!
okay don't forget.
You always make me laugh.
Omg, i love you.
:D
hey dock you have a second to chat on the phone?
or tammy?
or Eric?
or Rachel?
before I go to California Unemployment Labor Board in Van Nu
depends on the venue.
Maybe a NASCAR race
Thanks for the comment and retweet.
Wish I could take credit for it, but 100 percent Daniel.
Writer, actor, director....triple...
My boys took 1 2 the chin,lost by 2.im still proud of them....lotta season left.we'll be fine
Most expensive piece of ass title may go to Petrino mistress.
18,020,000 includes Petrino's lost wages and 20K walking money he gave her.
In Sept the playoffbound Tigers  Rangers had the 2 highest team BA  lowest two ERAs in the AL.
Hey , what's up with Chronicling America?
Making it tough to research for GoDC blog :
At the urban entrepreneurs' conf in Philly
I'm a hardcore TexMex O.G., so LA has never had much to offer me in that dept.
No I have one like this remember 8IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID MONSTER lol
Writing time
CNN reports Whitney Houston dead at 48!!!
Omg!!!
Got into a fight lol
doctor Tomorrow can't wait 2 see when they think baby asa will make his appearance...
Imma go knock out da party
what a great game
I am grown lmao fuck u mean lol but naw man that club was cold af ..couldn't even dance like that lol but imma call u lata
Feliz Cinco De Mayo!
17 in DSLR class this morning.
Full house!
Looking forward to sharing my passion!
Hey!
Thanks for listening!
:
that friend that all of you hate causes he's an asshole, but he's our asshole
i will take lovely.
Do you ever think before you do something
we love it!
Thank you!
Ball so hard mf's want to find me
Ok ok ok.
It's gorgeous outside.
Getting these kids doctorssed, going to play.
Im wearing my red jacket
OMW to work  why do i feel cross faded.?
.
Thanks to you, we are.
Looking forward to our upcoming launch party for you at Spirit of 77.
Last Thursday night with my girls..
Hey Gang  Happy you are on the road again..my big adventure today was doing my taxes.
without Rush would anyone know about this SandoctorFluke chick?
She wants no apology and he didn't want to issue one lol
Yay today is Valentine's Day!!!
Give your sweetie a kiss or slap them in the face for not remembering!
One thing I ask one thing I seek...
he's nice Follow him
Skylar did a very nice job.
Loved seeing her do something other than country.
WhatIf You made an effort to stay with me and tell me you want me
Haha I'm on a double decker bus and were heading to the grove :
I dont want nobody else, I want u 3
My daughter is going to doctorve me to be broke
Plus, you know, the actual sessions and exhibits.
So much good stuff coming up!
One of the best parts of being home, having access to every sports channel.
Kings are looking to keep the magical run going!
loved the killer breakfast photo.
my professorle is pretty accurate.
Attending Friends of Scouting Lunch at Florence Civic Center.
Guest speaker this year is mister Robert J.
Mazzuca, Chief Scout Exec of BSA.
A central booth?
U MUST WATCH!!!
So we can talk bout it 2misterw!!!!
: Who's your daddy?
necro?
hey what's up how was your weekend cuz
Zimmerman bond set at 150,000
how pretty!!
Haha!
I know, right?
MT : Yet the Dems won't be voting on any budget of their own.
Harry Reid is so awesome!
I just finished a 2.07 mi run with a time of 22:00 with Nike GPS.
ended too soon.
this, that, and the other.
COMLEX smash complete...
Now to breath and regroup abit before heading to USMLE in a few weeks.
As always I expected more.
Hey Jen, we have heard people in chatrooms online telling others to BAN Lifetime from their TV if they make Casey Anthony Movie
Wat it do tweet world how u living wats POPPIn tonight
Heading to Pittsburgh in a few hours.
My new icon on Twitter account with What do you think about my new icon?
Amazing right?
Ashley looks pretty!
Screw Freshman year, I did nothing to get tormented that badly..
oh well, I already torment the fuck out of the 7th graders.
/
omg!
i want one!!!!!!
u wanna be a good boy and share?
lol
Happy Fourth of July Everyone !
God bless the troops  those who never made it home  those who are still fighting to protect us!
Sounds delicious!
:
Erie Island Downtown on E.
4th!
oh man i have to get you a good nickname now!
Oh my god my eyes burn!!!
doctor eyes when your tired  bo
Know your characters.
Write everyday.
Be careful of what you're reading while you're writing.
Write to entertain and/or horrify.
Brilliant.
Could be sold along with waxscented candles and waterflavored sports water.
Good strategy.
Still works on my elevenyearold.
Listening to the most amazing band that ever walked this planet 3 ;
Sold!
now we just have to decide if we'll partake on the east coast or the west...
Is it just me or does a Technology Petting Zoo sound dirty?
Holy cow...
65 Facebook likes in a day.
Thank you guys!
Tminus two until Turkey Day.
What are you thankful for this year?
The two worst places in the world : The Doctors Office  The Post Office.
Luckily, today I get to go to BOTH!
This is weather is so ridiculously amazing!
Too bad it won't be like this for the rest of the week :
Feeling good!
Great ideas coming out of prepare  share: program planning for 2013 session.
Our aspirations are our possibilities.
Robert Browning
Benihana tonight YES
Hello Jack, its in your best interest to contact me Regarding Square..Thank you very much
Cherry Pepsi tastes a lot like regular Pepsi, except in every way.
1 reason why Facebook is annoying.
People feel the need to brag about their kids sports stats.
Keep it in your family.
I like the French/English thing you got going!!
A few more years of this and I might be able to understand French!
I wonder if there's a 'circle of fifths' analogy in the color wheel?
congrats on the big decision.
You continue to be a great example of what great leadership looks like.
Remember when sitting boygirlboy girl was a punishment
Sad, huh?
RT : Thanks for introducing me to jamie olivers food revolution !
WOW.
Shocking.
Today I've played BOYFRIENDvideo a least 1 million fricking times, that song ...its just all swaggie 33
District level elections are complete in all 13 districts for the Charlotte convention.
Congrats gadems!
RT : Hi, anyway you could donate some TallyCardz so we could raise money to FIGHT BACK cancer?
We would live to!
Looking to brighten things up for summer?
Try our 24/7 highlights!
just shut the hell up, I'm so sick of explaining this stupid bullshit.
You don't know my story that's all I'm telling you
I always wait too long before they are taken..
Legally Blonde3
Are you ready for some Futbol??!!!
Come to me and wear those white pants.
;
And it stresses me out when people cry cuz I don't know how to react to it...
Wait, these piranhas can destroy a boat but a natural dam is enough to keep them at bay?
The Once and Future King of Queens
follow where I'll be participating in Motorama LIVE talking about the Scion FRS and Texas Auto Roundup!
Ever read a text grin like an idiot, look up and realize people are staring at you?
Managed to get a very useful sales rep at Sears amid all of the seeming bored, frustrating and gossiping reps that have no desire to assist
Not letting gays marry is the ONE thing Mitt hasn't flip flopped on!
thanks for the RT!
and
aw how sweet and my fb went tots nuts so yeah you can send m a request ill accept when i can
yes!
Haha my dad always tells me he saw her..
But he's legit not lying :
Sure, no problem
survivor yeah never mind.
I say the jury votes for themselves and split the 
i just did the outward scream vocals to the whole entire woe is me number album 3
Make up on, bed is done, lights all on...that's not a good night pic, stop that ASAP
Thanks for the ff.
Eager to check out your store.
Sounds teriffic.
The scuttlebutt coming from the Rose Garden is that Louisville and Indiana fans are unbearably obnoxious.

Having a great day with my Baby!!
We have been touring museums and having so much fun!!
Is Raining hardcore in phoenix,az
eggs and bacon, potatoes and toast.
Oh yeah, pancakes too.
This is what you get at 1am doctornk down town LA.
fun!
and I are headed there!
you never answered my question of when our wedding was....
If doctorfting best player available; David, Konz, Randle, Adams, Denard, Massie, and Miller not yet taken.
Ok, have u ever went 2 Lenox lately
Admitted to the UW iSchool for fall 2012.
Now I'll have two graduate degrees without ever having taken the GRE!
Biggest problem is energy storage need to impact baseline
: It's funny how whenever someone needs me, I'm always there for them.
But when I need someone, No one is there for me.
sure was, will we see you next week for CoolHandLuke?
I spent an absurd amount of time this morning deciding WHICH Blackhawks shirt I was going to wear today...
that's great, good luck!
fingers crossed.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Anything special happening in Lyons this weekend?
Tell us about it.
Taken by the best!, tony's name in my phone.
:
50 Cent Joins Nicole Scherzinger On 'American Idol'
What is everyone doing to stay cool in this massive heat wave?!?!
I was SO mad at my mom, then she gave me her IPod touch
FUCK!!
RT: HEATPlayoffs: has a lower abdominal strain.
He will not return.
Once more, guilty pleasures at the Arena Theater.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Choir rehearsal soon.
Pay day tomorrow .
You're welcomeand thank you for renewing your membership!
We are happy to have you back.
The greatest stock market you can invest in is yourself.
Finding this truth is better than finding a gold mine.
Byron Katie
Play some funky music white boy
Almost at 3,000 fans on facebook!
Thank you for all the continued support.
Head to Linnemans tonight to catch some of the best music in town, Shoot Down the Moon, Delta Routine  Tiger Mouth!
Music starts at 9!
hahaa.
well it was nice!
; i  you back!
:p well i gotta try and get some sleep.
another big day 2morro.
nitey:
what u talkn bout my bad ive been tweetn like crazy
: Maybe I'm overstepping my boundaries!
a woman NEVER oversteps her boundaries
Who else is using Ping.fm?
Your ability to execute a plan is more important to its success than how good the plan is.
Too many models in far too light clothes walking holloweyed around town.
Be grateful for what you do have and stop complaining about what you don't have.
You are too kind!
Thx for RT's and mentions!
Cheers to healthy vision!
I love how people are now looking up to your girl 
Bacon Chocolate.
still high?
Lol
Best part about going to/being in weddings is you can go completely ridiculously overboard w/ hair  makeup...just don't outdo the bride
Oh eww ;p
watching meet the browns!
yo, listen.
I dunno what's going on here but I'm ready to fight someone.
Have a great time!!
Thanks for using ShowClix and have a Happy New Year!
Soo the avengers was prettyy awe....
Wait for it..
Wait for it...
SOME.
yes it is haha
Paper cut...
income is income no matter where it comes from and you pay taxes on a portion of it, no matter what it is
Reno ranks  50 on a list of green cities, based on the percentage of searches on their Website for hybrid vehicles.
go to Rudy's on Division.
Same place as the one on Sunset in LA.
MoreClutchThanLeBron My grandmother's handbag.
yea like a lot of the people on the team are douche bags along with some coaches and you go to every practice and do shut but no play
Bahaha!
I'm pretty sure I do too.
Ha!
anything for you :
Happy Tuesday everyone.
Oyster at the Paramount!
Part circus, part Cabaret, part Brecht, part Doors.
Amazingly creative.
Boston needs more funky dance like this.
If you want a real polish, head to Maxwell St.
in Chicago.
Oh, and the Chicago Dog wants nothing to do with Cleveland.
The NY media managers are going to add extra staff just for all the Tebow coverage.
Seriously..
Why is tumblr so addicting?
I can't stand it..
lol thanks!
:P haha baby girl?!
U just made me LOL!
is my new favorite person to follow
o lala sam looks hot 
Thanks to everyone who came out to opening party yesterday!
Jeron Teams with Brekeke Software to Deliver SIP Wireless Phone Integration to Provider 790 Nurse Call
RT : On Twitter we have chats for most grades and subject areas.
My Educational Chats page:...
i honestly don't care if nobody is going to see my underwear, a sexy pair of underwear boosts my confidence.
A Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.
I saw him do this and thought of you!
My phone was in the other room.
Glad you got it.
Can't believe with all the mortgage talk, that someone can't get a loan with a couple late payments...Just doesn't make sense!
Ahaha!
He's such a cheeky monkey.
That's what I told him!
Maybe I'll send him this conversation, see if he believes me then.
Midday meatloaf
Getting somewhere with the new songs now that I have been taking it easier.
May finish by june after all.
Douche bag
Ah, the constant sound of helicopters flying over...
We also have a new GSA logo!
It will appear online and on our printed materials.
instant wish fulfillment...only in LA silverlake nela Fly PR delivers!
hah!
right ?
It's been a fun week to travel in Michigan.
Everyone has Tigers fever.
oh my site is just slow to load and now down and they just say working on it but this has been a couple of days
Thanks for the RT!
hope your Tuesday is going well Ron!
I dance through the trees with the baby on my back.
She sings to the beat of my doctorm.
It is our prayer.
It is error alone which needs the support of government.
Truth can stand by itself.
I need food ASAP !!!!
super excited for outsidemid competition between hao, pino, arod
u need to change Ur bio of ur with dean
it's called Rudy's, it's around 47th and Powell and fucking AMAZING, you should try it!
FACEBOOK IS DOWN!
does online life just end here?
Maddow podcast is up, download away!
Making chocolate/caramel candy apples for Halloween.
is gunna get some grub!
can't wait to see u judging on the xfactor!
simoncowell sure upgraded from
2 Chronicles 15:7 But as for you, be strong and do not give up, for your work will be rewarded.
Goodnight
Follow ..
She's new to this and has no followers
So when are you going to join me?
If I remember correctly, you said you'd do a half..ah hem
Welcome to the Zoo
5  Gratitude, blessings and satisfaction .
.
.
and an email!
That annoying moment when your in a bad mood and your parents won't stop annoying you.
you're welcome!
please don't jinx us!!!
RT: Anyone know when the last sweep against Philly on the road was?
Have fun today!
RT State Finals!
Come and see us!
Friends are like melons; shall I tell you why?
To find one good you must one hundoctord try.
Claude Mermet.
your little dude looks pretty awesome.
O gotcha lol sry im kinda new to twitter lol HEi
Picked up two hitchhikers in Sharon
Yep, we got in 10pm show!
Thanks for your help with the Metro!
You'd have fun in LA!
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.
Pure Michigan, the tourism folks, have new partnership with Tigers.
What about Wis.
tourism and the Brewers, Bucks and Packers?
Have a great trip.
Blocked!
Blocked!
Blocked!
is there ever a good kind?
JJ Allmendinger moves over trying to block Hamlin starts the whole mess
There are many things going on that cannot be discussed in public but we are working toward a solution.
As soon as I can announce, I will
dad wants to know of its a sleepover
It's sad how I've been up since 5:30am
OMG VINNY WEARS FOOTIE PAJAMAS.
HOW EFFING CUTE IS THAT.
FJDKSDJS I can't take how adorable he is
Rainbows fascinate the fuck out of me.
That was wrong...
Check out the new website not fully finished but still entertaining...
www.platinumposts.com
Did you know?
Radon mitigation fans can also be used as bathroom exhaust fans.
Imagine taking a shower without the mirrors EVER fogging!
Thinking is sometimes all you have to do.
Thank you for the support my man!
I did!
And my mom was glad.
That would have made for a terrible Mother's Day.
Injustice may be wiped out, but human disputes and natural limitations can't be eradicated.
Does your company have any internships?
Happen to you callin back
Uhm..so this guy just cut me off  then 1 of his passengers flicked me off.
Hi, I am Kyle Clouthier.
I run a small business.
It's Social Media Business named Boost Social Media.
It's very popular in all over the w
Staff focus groups in Maysville, OH today.
How do you get honest feedback from your staff?
Someone's a little jealous of Phillip Phillips...
Good day for sports in the windy city!
The worse has passed, the better comes now!!
I Miss Him So Much :
hm.
60 at the most.
Random landscapes for covers, are you using a rubber?
Nats Finally give Strasburg some run support, 8k's for the young hotshot in his 3rd win.
moribund in what sense?
0.4 was a huge improvement, and there are new commits from earlier this month.
Better than mine!
LOL!!!!
RT : Twitpic!!
// I second this
Happy with the way things are going with !
Glad we are working on things!
Same here.
classic episode.
dirtylittletuesday!
That's good.
We should do that!
ty for lettin me know that!
Dont trust too much.
Dont love too much.
Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
Remain sane in the face of coworkers in flipflops by imagining that the doctor, fleshslapping noises are the sounds of rhythmic lovemaking.
I don't ask a dudes how many ppl they slept with bcuz Idc 2 kno plus I don't want then askin me mines lol bcuz I ain't gonna tell ya lol
Good morning...God is a Great God:
That just seems unlikely...
I support bn vs.
Microsoft, but I have a kindle now
Having our January Executive Board meeting hosted by
lol my dog ran in my room as soon as it started raining.
RT : A man may learn wisdom even from a foe.
Aristophenes
bitch shut up..you not going nowhere...
My bio professorloves the word semianal
I can tell which of my two dogs loves me more: the one that meets me at the front door every time.
The other one stays in bed.
Tsk, tsk.
Mason Shepard of Windward hs is a beast
no way the pack let go wells.
He's way more important then finley
Heavy rains expected this weekend.
Please doctorve safely!
That sounds nice  relaxing.
Give Gizmo a hug/squeeze for me.
: See you in the morning, sisterly love!
What was the best concert you went to?
Weather reports predict a storm this morning in Louisville on Derby day..
but it should clear up by the afternoon!
I totally understand and I got u!
Let's try forgiveness.
A little less reaction, a little more reflection.
how about 5am?
Why wait when im given a chance now...
It is way too scary to think bout it.
Here's my opinion on NBAPlayoffs  tonight the Magic, Nuggets and Hawks will be eliminated.
Bulls are not done just yet.
Sorry I'm not Mike
Good Morning!
Here is a test to find out whether your mission in LIFE is complete.
If you're ALIVE this morning, it isn't.
Enjoy your day!
Guy parked his Geo Prizm at Kohl's in Tosa.
Puts a Club on his steering wheel.
Dude, it's Tosa and you're doctorving a Prizm.
Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
SmackDown do it do it
is that possible?
lol
RT : o!
Columbia Art Gallery in Hood Rvr serving during West Coast Teapots 2012, 3/24/1.
Lovely way to...
After tomorrow them seniors gone!
I can do that.
Are you sure lol?
Oh I can't wait to play it!
that picture was so very disturbing, lol
What a great post!
Thank you so much for sharing!
Not sure where to go for lunch.
Anybody know where I can get some of this pink slime everyone's been raving about?
Sounds Ghostbustery.
That was my favorite line, too!
First day'12 spring semester didn't come without its challenges, couldn't imagine better colleagues, dedicated, great to work with at
HiGH AS FuK!
Thanks for the RT!
:
Let's go Orange!
chants completely doctorwning out the St.
John's nonsense from the MSG video board.
Pleasure meeting you at Avila last night.
The country  Constitution need you and you have my support.
As a group tho, women fall into that category.
4 years ago I was on a boat on the way to The Bahamas listening to amazing live music and discovering some of my favorite artists.Fun times!
Joe Adams, Lamar Miller already taken.
Eagles pick not too far off.
Who ya got/want?
ANSWER ME ON AIMM.
LOLL.
IMPORTANT...
me too!!!!
I hate sneezing and sniffing all day
so any of ya walk out at 10:30 ?
Tonight is the night is the night we're losing control.
Tonight is the night is the night we set it off.
Everybody go.
too right man!!
i love it when ya put it right there she'll be staring reet back man and we'll be the new pcd ha
RT !!!!RT : RT I hate asking for shit, sometimes I'd just rather do it the hard way....
There too!
Looking forwarDD to seeing you at both DD's.
Do prefer Twitter over Facebook?
Or do you use them for totally diff things?
Apparently its National Chocolate Chip day, seems like a good excuse to bake cookies
the myth, the man, the legend
Got a lot if thinking to do :?
think you have been hacked.
Password change time?
How Tf Does Everyone Else Get In America Cus.....
RT This is the final week for EVEN THE RAIN.
it was awesome...
go see it!
That is just gross!
Obama isn't clear either he clearly won't pick anyone who isn't complicit in financial shenanigans.
Sad times.
RT : TUCSON, Ariz.
Doctor: Rep.
Gabrielle Giffords breathing on her own after being shot in the head.
50150 Need to
CRAZY SHOW!
Thanks and Cincinnati!
Never on the guestlist, always unexpected..!
LADIES/those w/ friends who are ladies A few KICKBALL teams are looking for ladies to add to their roster.
Send a message if interested!
how's Triple H?
hope so!
Living in LA now but grew up NJ and lived in BK for 10 years, so def planning on comin to Barclays whenever I visit
hello : What u doing tonite x
I'm totally up for!
Earthquake felt at Dewey Beach, Delaware right on the beach!
Due to space constraints at the school we recorded voice overs for my students' movies in a teacher's car.
DIY sound studio!
Screw today's writing goal.
It's 70 degrees and sunny, and I am going out for a long walk.
it was at the end of the Friday song with steven Colbert
is still wondering if the geniuses at Mumbai remembered their viagra within their doctorgballs, as those 72 virgins aint gonna hump themselves.
now, like most sports fans in the world, even the heat themselves are overHEATed...
hype does not equal ringsu need a leader!
: Like seriously, who doctorams about paragliding with a pink poodle?///only you Beks haha l
Preach!!
: I dare my future man to give me a card on our one month anniversary.
I'll let him know it's been real...
suck it!
I'm sure it's coincidental that it's also Thomas Crapper Day...
YouGetPointsIf you like the Texans/Alabama.
That's my teams : 
you and I might be featured for tweeting back and forth while I was in a plane ,000 feet in a quote!
Vogelsong retires Cuddyer via fly ball to the warning track, disaster averted
The Naked and Famous take over Denver tonight!
Who's heading to Ogden Theatre at 8 p.m.
to see them?
Logging Off Twitter And Just Gonna Stay Texting My Gf 3, Twitter Is Dead At Night ..
Ok, I get it.
This isn't a quiet floor.
Still, it's probably not appropriate for you to play booty jams over your laptop speakers.
its k
trying not to dye rite now
Bought it loved it about to do an online submission for a pilot.
Strange how things have changed
I can't stand the fact that you don't see me for who I am
Good morning Twitterland :.
Hope all have a wonderful day.
OMG YOU HATE ME RIGHT UGH PEOPLE HATE ME
Yeah, our lights keep us from doing middle slots.
Pain in the ass, but we like 'em!
Because we both know where I'm about to go and we know it very well
interesting, can you tell me more?
What does it look like and how long should it last?
Also, how does it affect class culture
Kevin Na with a tribute to doublebogey golfer John Dedman, going with the 3wood off the cartpath from 240 out.
Thx for the RT, Steven.
im not sure.
why have they just started to play round of applause on the radio the past couple weeks?
There are a lot!
RT Best of luck to all students from that are experiencing
Had the BestTimeEver at Disneyland yesterday.
Suggestion for Disneyland: change SplashMountain's name to Tsunami Mountain.
you da one that i doctoram about
The campaign or the withering Romney fire?: : mister.
Santorum looks tired  sad.
It's a brutal, exhausting process.
miss you too.
:
Next door neighbors having a jamming party with some excellent Caribbean soul music: I ain't mad at ya for forgetting to invite me!
:D
Spreading star dust and moon beams inspiring kids everywhere!
Congratulations.
I suppose it makes sense.
I'm a member of both institutions.
When will members be notified?
Hey, it's not working!
My great uncles still refer to my mother as Bint Yacoub because her sons are twins.
I vote for Umm Sophia!
See you for lunch?
Old Town Greenwood...yum yum
So great to meet you yesterday!
What a terrific day!
heard that.
Felt really good in practice today now I'm off to eat and then race and finally chill in the sun
.
is it me, or is Billy Crystal slowly turning into Christopher Walken?
hahaha I liked that one too
Yeah!
Our phone company pissed and I mean PISSED off my mom big time
smug  geek  gross
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
All numbed up.
Doc's quote: We'll just pop that nerve out
Keeping track of New England baseball with the Boston Amateur Baseball Network.
and if you follow me it would meen the world to me
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
I would care...
But u don't matter!!!
I didn't know you were in SA.
How long are you here for?
Baltimoreans: Ever wonder what kind of parade float the would organize?
Find out in our 2nd Anniversary show!
Job    Shopping 3 this summer is gonna be bomb!
don't care that I'm being the biggest masshole on the road today
76ers advance to Round 2 where they can now lose in 5 games to the Founding Fathers...er, the Boston Celtics.
It's not just GOT.
Do you not see something wrong with charging more for digital copies than physical print and paper?
RT: CIOsCMOs in next digital decade: It's not going to be a good idea to have a relationship.
It's going to be an imperative.
If you receive a dm from me saying I seen something terrible about you with a link, do not click on it.
It's spam.
Apologies for any issue
It's too late, dad.
You make the Choice.
everyone has an opinion about bdg
This social currency campaign from American Express is lame.
They're just points, AmEx.
NBD.
Sure!
We're keeping you in our prayers!
yea we here
If you want to live, give up your foolishness  let understanding guide your steps.
Proverbs 9:6
omg dirty rice
: Cant sleepI can never sleep smh
: I see people's eyes glazing over at the geek factor of this digital media panel.
Just sayin'...
pdxdmc  4 geeks, by geeks?
Wow gonna be 70 degrees all the way until next weekend..
Just curious, do you find it unfair that Soulcrate is considered in the contest since they are on a label and rap for a living?
time for SMASH, season finale!
I am not interested in a yoga practice that simply calms in order to cope.
I am interested in one that empowers me to confront injustice.
orretweet!
RT Ok.
This is awkward.
Thank you Richard Nixon for Earth Day.
I wish there were a job that let me cook for people.
Like, I want to cook for people.
For a living...
Wait a minute...
Find a way to laugh
Hi, I feel ya.
AppSumo is pretty awesome for tech self improvement!
RT Nostalgia is denial.
Denial of the painful present.
Midnight in Paris
what about now?
O you're cool.
Even using the
lehh do it
I now consider myself in the upper echelon of multitasking.
I did my banking while on the toilet 2day, haha.
and I can't spell
I can't fuck wit them orange and grey 12s retros...it look too fake and its not O.Gs.
Did you know 83,000 diamonds were purchased in the greater Milwaukee area in 2011?
id even take regular cake
lol ok cool
Quote review re: TheAvengers: Loki: It is the unspoken truth of humanity that you crave subjugation.
We do, Master, we do.
waking up at 5:00 am is for the birds.
Murder Was The Case That They Gave Me by Snoop Dogg
just got to listen to the first mix of our new single.
The Suicide of Thought.
Sounds awesome!!
dg
Thanks for the RT, Bob!
Hope all is well with you.
good morning!
Hopefully filmzrus will be up today
Fell asleep earlier while watching TV.
Now I'm wide awake and starving.
Scrambled eggs, maybe?
Rep Local, Think Global
Ending a busy day, bummer Bucks lost, but it was good hanging with Anthony Pettis!
The universe is taking me on a wild ride!
Tough times now but I see California as my home in the near future.
HAPPY BiRTHDAY!
i WiSH Y0U THE GREATEST BiRTHDAY AND PRAY Y0U HAVE MANY M0RE!!!!
they can't possibly doubt that you love them
when are you coming back for a panini.
We miss your charming positive smile
: I love the way that I can smile at my bestfriend and they know exactly what I'm thinking.
?
Headed up to ATT to clown!
Thanks for the support and back  ya!
Beat the Christmas rush.
Go to bed right now!
Wakeup and go shopping at 4am, on day off, because it's BlackFriday.
lol.
NO!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Im gonna buy a perm kit and perm my locs and call it a life.
Hey!
You're up?
You follow me here?
Follow me on Tumblr!
Fun stuff to come.
Just like candy.
Honest.
Idlewild1914
I wish there was more time in the day.
Never get to finish what I plan on doing :
Hi As soon as you show evidence that the alternative  a complete lack of acctability  improves public schools
Why have an original thought when you can simply Retweet?
Is there such a thing as a redeye flight that doesn't completely ruin the following day?
I'm a useless dipshit today.
My dad was totally like Sgt Wu is a bad guy?
He's so nice on Grimm!
re the new Jason Statham movie!
Airline to charge 100 for carryons?
I knew I didn't like Spirit Airline....these MF's have lost their minds
You got it!
Must have been that sandwich you fed it!
DO NOT
Hi!: I'm a huge fan and I'm gonna keep tweeting you till you follow me : aaha
Looking for hotties in San Diego?
Go to WhereTheHottiesAt.com
hey  how have you been?
Never let your actions speak louder then your words, that's the difference between the educated and the uneducated my old, badass, neighbor
Don Cornelius died...
Fond memories from the '70s, even for this south Georgia born white guy.
So, ...
you are the aficionado of all things '80s?
Sounds ilke Doug has some competition!
no man I was waisted when I wrote that tweet I could of been talking about anything.
Good news thoe
Katt Williams on comedy central!
pimpchronicles hilarious....I like to remember him when he used to be funny
Because my 'c' key isn't working most of the time, faculty are frequently appearing to be faulty.
me too.
Just listened to that.
I hella love his verse on 'What a Job' too.
i thought it was stupid to
: happy holidays!
Same to You!
gotta shake the devil off me ..I WALK WITH GOD
trying to figure out what spotify did to my browser but still loving spotify.
just hope it doesn't make me really unhappy.
That should be me 3
you.
cant.
end.
this.
story.
omfg.
im crying.
Now that I'm back, I'm about to crash.
It's great to be back here in Twitterland, miss you guys and gals.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Night World
We have a fastpaced development and are seeking ME, EE, and FW contractors.
Please contact me ASAP if interested.
Just finished watching Mermaids while editing, adding listings with cat in my lap.
They went to a GOP convention and a hockey game broke out.
Hey, we are playing at Rozz Tox tonight, it's an early show.
You should come out!
How does orangehot pepper candle sound?
I am going into making my own candles, why not?
Be my own boss!
Just woke up.
I feel well rested..
Yup, confusion over 2hr delay has started.
haha yeah yeah!
I got a lemur for a pet!
And then you suddenly realize how miserable you are.....
also read the Miss Porter's article, very interesting.
Craving Crispo's Italian but crunched for time
paint your nails a fun color.

the obsolescence of the academic book is not material its institutional, not the content but the process
LOL...yeah right, now I gotta try and keep up with you!!!
I saw the deal before but they don't have anything in DC.
: 
Do you even know how much everyone hates you or.
Chris: TCARToccasionally there are postings sent out through listservs or newsletters, so get on them!
Please be sure to check out the The are amazing and will blow your mind!
lol, mee too.!
I'm still laughing about the wheelchair joke.
over 40 minutes now since first tweets...
No joke just had a doctoram I was in the hunger games but the charactors were people I knew...I won.
This morning I woke up tired and ready to learn, now im still tired, havent learned crap and im sick from eating a hotdog .
fml
aw, you don't have to hide it anymore...
our endless love shouldn't be a secrete
I am going to shoot you kid
Perfect thanks so much!
Have a good night.
Case in point: our 1970s vintage bathroom we're remodeling after 18 years of saying it needs to be done...
Loas Economic Report 2012  Live Trading News
Joshua the Hulk Posley
Happy Mothers Day !
Use the auto embed feature to add videos.
Just add the URL to a video on its own line in a post.
Oops.
RT : A productive day starts with a good night's rest.
GOP has to lie bout women, students, workers, social security, medicare  education  ONLY has FauxSpewsRetorts 2 run to LOL
dollar burger night where?!?
RT Catharsis  Serpentine .
Being too comfy to get up and blowdoctor my hair 
Is there nothing to do tonight?
It has become abundantly clear the Knicks will have to choose between Melo and D'Antoni.
And they have 18.52 million reason to choose Melo.
Very interested to see who the Steelers pick in the 1st round.
Surely you are fucking with me...........call me now FIND A PAYPHONE NOW
The zero comments button on my EvE article makes me sad
Deloitte sees visualization as the top tech trend of 2011.
can you say annoying!
Dodgers on top 91 over the giants.
Bottom of the 8th.
So I'm thinking Shawarma for dinner anybody in?
A big shoutout to my two besties for making lunch very embarrassing but very memorable.
Love you, girls.
BREAKFAST AT BOTTEGA LOUIE PART THREE POSTED THIS YESTERDAY on www.downtownster.com sorry I forgot to tell everyone!
My bad!
To the producers of biggest losers: do they really have to take their shirts off when they weigh in???
Sounds good.
Way to go University of Richmond!
Richmond 69, Vanderbilt 66.
Pitbull isn't hip hop.
He's trashy pop.
Tomorrow it is!
Thanks to for inviting me to Green Bay yesterday.
Had a great time talking about socialmedia for
I'm very glad that I don't, at least for now I don't.
We'll see if the Redistricting Panel keeps it that way or not.
NOT TIRED
Authentic LIVE CHURCH singing!
No autotunes, lead singers with words on paper, just CHURCH!
LOL!!
Love it!
ff as 5 women row across the Atlantic to raise awareness about human trafficking.
System of a Down on Pandora
5 days from now, only one place to be!
In beautiful south Florida!
Vintage Reggae Winter Fest
Off to to see the most hilariously offensive man in the world, Jim Jeffries
From the crew here at The W3 Awards, Happy New Year, folks!
But texting about talking?
GENIUS
Hey we are here...wtf back at LA...Vegas airport closed due to wind turbulence!
Its ok I just wanted to cruise the sky anyway...smh!!!
So tired and sleepy lol still laying in bed and sore :
Tear down the Eshweiler Buildings?!
That is such a horrific idea, it shouldn't even be contemplated!
What is wrong with these people?!
I'll let you know in a bit.
I'm not sure.
ok can we fuck on twitter yet?
I'm sorry, what did you say??
I can't hear you..
TRAFFIC ALERT: Large container EB Beltline  John Nolen.
Ramp to John Nolen closed.
The EB Beltline may be closed, too.
Avoid Area.
yes you can!!
Its easy!!!
Best of luck to PRODIJIG on Got to Dance UK tonight.
Tear it up and let's push things forward!
What was your favorite gift/memory this holiday?
Tough loss last night.
We'll only be back for big plays until Football.
Message us on Facebook if you want to have picks sent to you daily.
thanks for the test!
fuck that new girl that been in your bed bcuz when ur in her i kno im in ur head !
Nice fact!
Love when you post this kind of stuff!
HISTORY!!!
unless you can type it in 140 characters or less :
can u have one in atlanta georgia plz
Hi there!
Yes we play at Red Rock Saloon in Milwaukee and are back there on May 25th!
Do you own The Rodeo?
nlcatlanta You have to measure your own engagement...
I just saw this.
I'm down!
I guess so, its at 15th and I nw
ImAlexsGirl who the hell is this
Great presentation this morning by Inspired  motivated to do more DI.
National Teachers day, and Nurses week!
Who by name should we salute?
9781023
So you got back with your dude huh, so that's why I ain't heard from you in a minute just cut me off completely lol
so you never shorted under 1?
or to anyone who would actually listen to such a demand.
Conspir Theories do nothing but muddy real solutions.
idk im working too lol I just got the text from The Sports Hub which is the Boston Sports station I listen to lol
Bizet's Carmen with the neighbors.
Opera singers are getting svelte.
No fat lady at the end.
Happy mothers day and happy birthday to my wonderful mother!!
WHAT'S MEANT FOR YOU ..
WILL NOT PAST YOU !!!!
i have a humor.
you cant read my personality over twitter though, i forget to tweet every 5 seconds
Why does Donald Trump given so much media time.
wake up America!
Is he high?
Anymore think am wrong?
RT : Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas EdisonSuper Right!
You know what sounds fun?
Running from the bull in Spain.
It's got to be awesome and terrifying when you see the bull single you out.
SAGawards Ensemble Cast in a Motion Picture went to 'The Help'!
Another epic win if you ask me!
Made 330 at the car wash !
Good job guys :
'If we lose, we should throw possums..'
The weather feels as if tomorrow should be the first day of March, not February!
Network growing, Networth rising.
Feeling great!
Can not wail til tonight.
My bestie grant is staying the night .
no way, n I was looking to grab some late night snack...
This message 3 hours later : lol.
hey sexy
I love 3333
Hm...What should I eat tonight?
RT : at 1820 have a better record than Diamonbacks Rockies Angels WhiteSox Brewers and the same as RedSox ...
Tomorrow is Mother's Day!
Stop by to pick out the perfect give for mom!
We are open from 107pm today :
Yes it was not nice and my knee cap hit a rock when I fell down.
I still don't know the guy
There is still a difference between something and nothing, but it is purely geometrical and there is nothing behind the geometry
Your damn career is interfering with mine.
Ha
87 members in 18 hours.
Wow!
www.airlinecrew.com Know any airline crew members?
Tell them about airlinecrew.com!
Goodnight, sweetdoctorams tomorrow will be a new day to cherish to the fullest.
Bennet introduces ARPAEd program to help spur tech innovation in US education
Shonda Rhimes is KILLING It right now.
I LOVE this show..
She Rolling Weed  She Don't Even Smoke !
THANKS TO ALL WHO ARE MY TWEET FRIENDS....SHOWING NUTHING BUT LOVE FROM THE KUEEN OF KRUNK WITH
got my chinese food and girl scout cookies now ready to watch
time to realize that hype does not mean good, much is hyped but less and less lives up to it
your trynna say you didn't do the lean with rock wit it ?
Count your blessings not your problems
I love it when I can hear the cars out running at the speedway!
May is the best month of the year!
Yes it is one of my favs atm :L 3
Ha!
That's hilarious!
I watch way too many pug videos on Youtube.
Don't tell anyone.
Thank you!
We've been in business since 1975, and personally design or choose every item in the showroom.
Will you be tweeting out the link to the recording of the show soon?
I'm adding it to my pimping tweets!
;
RT Up with the sun and ready to kick off the day with and his panel on the personalization of learning
Funny how being alone with the 4 y.o.
for 10 days can kill your ability to participate in social media.
suck it
I'm making a list of 30 things to accomplish/experience/learn before I turn 30.
Suggestions for the list?
Thanks a lot, bro.
You'll see :
Happy Opening Day!
3 of the 4 D2 schools in this year's field are conference champs of mainly D1 conferences.
It's nice to know what other people really think of me.
finally agreeing with me..
Hs too raw.
Hennessy, and pill party are good too
Congratulations and for winning best of show
Planning our senior cruise with
do you like the direction they are going...I'm not
Come on out tonight to the GGC on me!
Who wants on the list?
and I wasn't even awake yet.
yeah i know!
he may not be there tomorrow, but i'm sure it will be an electric atmosphere
rocks partofme on
I'm letting life go in the direction it wants.
I truly dot care anymore.
It's a very broad question  so many directions you could take this edchat.
Still pondering ....
However, the woman that George was speaking to told him that Harold Camping had previously set a different date for The End of the World..
I stayed, lol
Hope we see you at the
Well it's bout time to hit the hay : goodnight :
no, we split!
back in btr
Just saw someone do the sad Charlie Brown walk to a T.
He seemed even more upset when I chuckled at him.
reading my english book :p blaah .
hoping you'll reply: i love that:D what did u do today ?3
Who wants a follow on instagram???
But he nohit the Twins!
RT  ESPN: Can't remember seeing a pitcher as angry as Weaver was when he came out.
In an absolute rage
that was long overdue.
This probably isn't worth mentioning.
Thinking about going to LA for my birthday in may.
Gettin stoked.
THANKS Heather!
Appreciate the shoutout tons!!
Nice try kid.
5 Stoli cocktails, 1 Pabst, and 3 Powers shots!!
Sunday Funday people.
Get with it and get down here!!
who knows!?
Its dc sarcasm haha.
They just keep coming!
Vehicles with up to date registration and parking stickers are not abandoned and can be parked in any valid space in the city.
Angel Pagan up with some insurance out at second base
a little Beach Boys this morning to balance out ze gloomy weather
In the middle of editing the and notice a lot more people shooting video than submitted.
Still time folks!
can you please follow please!?
:
I only actually buy 23 PPVs a year
I AM THE QUEEN OF FRANCE
Yeah.
It was dinomite.
:/ RT : Was it big?
RT a moth just landed on my computer
Guages are so gross looking.
I don't understand why you would want giant holes in your ears?
Hey Defence thanks for giving the Donkeys a playoff birth.
You all should be ashamed by the way you played today.
Thanks for that
Help me get the word out about my book.
Please retweet my last tweet.
taking the podiumwhat are the trends in higher ed?
lmao Ik but I thought u were the girl that had them since sophomore yr
3 What's up Zach?
Sometimes I feel so old.
Wedding doctoram team today: Balance Photography, Up Do's For I Do's, Beat 2 Beat DJ, Locoflo, Dionysus Kitchen, JPB Designs
Thanks so much for your vote to PreserveNYC.
Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
How do you buy a newspaper?
All I want to do is go to the gym.
But all I physically can do is lie in bed.
i love how i showed up to all my classes today and ALL of them were cancelled!
I'm at ma fischers....close enough lol
IF YA TRYING TO KEEP ME U FIRST GOTTA KEEP UP!!!
I hope for you the show won't be a huge success
and u know what I decided is I think I'm guna bring a spoon to ms.
Quinn's class on Wednesday and scoop those lil guys out
Nice!
Thx RT : there's a pic of 1 of the eggs in my timeline, and yes!
: I'll suss out the dets for u.
Love old people
If anyone were to beat me to the punch I would have wanted it to be Brory.
success looks way better than any dudes we've met.
well, actually, most things look way better than any dudes we've met.
The BBQ is later, I guess I'll relax  put my feet up;
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side.
3
in photo of players it looks like Beckett spent winter feasting on fried chicken  beer.
Reminds me of Clemens in his 40's
Noeleen: It takes 0.1 second to for your opinion of someone...it's critical to pick the right spokesperson.
how he is better without braces.
Beliebers are ready for boyfriend!!!!!!!!!!
I can't wait
Places are characters in the story of my life.
I love them all so very much.
Chicago 3
You win
what are u talking about.
exactly how I feel
a lot of teams rank him as top guard but get scared he is not as safe as Decastro and Glenn because of D2 label
it's pouring rain in Hollywood at the moment..
Do you really want to see that?...
....Your serious??
I think my story is pretty good!
I will!
Can't wait to catch up when we get back
especially since if they do get in they will be knocked out in the first round it's bullshit
Blah bombed my geometry test wtf if only my teacher would teachp
walking up the street feeling like the sun is stalking me
I think this is the least excited I've ever been for the super bowl
I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call
MARY JANE WHY HAVE YU LEFT ME NO MOE RELLOS NO MOE TREES....IDK IF I CAN LIVE WITOUT ME
Pinball tournament tonight at Voodoo doughnuts 2.
Starts at 7pm.
They have Roadshow, T2, doctorcula and Hurricane.
Get there early to practice.
Kiss his knee
i wish my ears would stop throbbing already so i could put in my batman plugs..
i kno this girl named yolo she thank she can rap
Thanks for the great chat.
I'm excited 2B talking about this topic at 's MI Conf.
I'll be thinking about this chat.
hahaha.
true story.
hey north korea nice rocket launch idiots save your money feed your people
The things you see when you take a different sub or bus route.
Just a few blocks different.
Can't wait to get a bike.
RT Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?
NIGGA YES!
I was JUST about to google this shit!
Wow had a bad day shouting match w boss part time gig cold day out thank God i have love of my daughters
Also, my body will be happy to see live baseball that's not on at 5AM.
I want some fuckin Arby's!
On the way down to Columbus for the state final four coaches meeting go Eagles!
After waking up from a good doctoram, WeAllHaveTried to go back to sleep attempting to continue it!
RT if u have.
Just upgraded our Euphonix S5 with Hybrid fusion!
Also Pro Tools 9 is facility wide.
2 DCommands, 1 DControl, what's next?
Guys wanna know a secret?
Very pleased with myself for doing a 5 min plank in Pilates class last night personal best!
awesome!
Anna of The Five Towns is one of those books where critical study made it so much more a valuable read for me.
I know when somebody guilty or not
walks away
Ugh i love this guy!:
followed, follow back PLEASE?
When Alex gets to 200,00 followers he's having a following spree!
So amazing...so amazing!!
RT : Can anyone live tweet the NYPL/GC Open Forum for those of us who can't be there?
Yeah they are, I had a toyota corolla  91' Civic Si hatchback
Interesting story about the possible medical value of fasting.
Karen discusses research and her fasting forays w
If 1D ever needs inspiration for their songs, they should just look at 's tweets.
3
Hoping to be in NYC the whole summer
I will see all of you Rio Grande Ravens at Prom tomorrow night.
I'll be the one in the DJ booth.
I believe in Christianity as I believe the sun has risen; not only because I see it, but by it I see everything else.C.S.
Lewis
FYI  The BREWERS racing sausages are on State St.
in madison by Brats if anyone is interested in a photo op.
sounds delish need to try it out!
: The truck's not going to NY.
great because I have yet to try your yummy food!
:
I happen to be a graduate of the Wharton School
a weekend of trying to be still results in crumpiness...
Decided to make the switch to Adobe Premiere Pro, Final Cut Pro X just doesn't seem like it's going to cut it
Daily quote: Taxpayers need to know that major projects will be delivered to time  to budget Francis Maude, Cabinet Minister
And if you live in the Bay, come to 's book release event tonight at 7 pm at Books, Inc.
in Berkeley.
This man can write.
I do have to say, their fans were great.
A lot better than Michigan fans or Colorodo
bitch I only offered 2 pay 4 it so u don't end up gettin locked up
I'm really craving Olive Garden salad and breadsticks right now.
Don't judge me.
True friendship is like sound health, the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
I'm worried that we're in an echo chamber, says We need to reform education for ALL childoctorn.
probs explains our boy situations.
Whatever, we are going places!!
How did everyone's brackets stand up after this weekend?
My mom gets on me for not answering calls but she never answers mine.
For sure!
You won't be rid of the likes of me my friend.
What's your feedback on the Charlie Weis hire at KU?
: Grace 2:03 that is great!
I don't need that much reality.
Come on come on baybay!!!
That moment when you just really want to smack your sister
Thanks to all who came out to support us last night  over the years.
Last night was epic.
I believe it's Jayhawk, and they better be if I'm going to be bringing in all the cash money this year.
Contact us to get your Agora Forte tickets!
10, Aug 12, Roberts Bar, Mounds View, MN.
Sample catering food on the first floor.
First come, first serve :
I thought avocado was a fruit...
I feel MUCH better.
Thank You.
I was adjusted yesterday, and I'm amazed how fast the pain diminished.
I get test results today.
thanks, friend.
It is with the committee now.
Defense in a few weeks!
Had the most amazing time last night with : 
Good morning world
Yea its fucked up how he died...but think about it...you think half the world country would do the same for you?
Hi Shah Rukh Bhai!
Kaisey hain Aap?
You did an excellent job on the Awards!
Jst too good and extremely funny!
GOD BLESS!
:
After Saturday's HopkinsDawson snoozefest, let us pray that MayweatherCotto lives up to OUR expectations
FRI  THE SMILING MOOSE  LUNCH till 3pm, 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEER, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS From 57pm!
I wish you were in my bed as much as you are in my head.
I NEED THE INSTRUMENTALS TO THE DON: NAS NEW TRACK!
Pls help!
BIG THINGS POP!
UNIVR
I had to share given that wise words were imparted, as always, by my favorite advice columnist
What is the best way to break into the high end art gallery scene in New York city?
This boy just told me I'm the coolest gay dude he has m
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
We have so much to be grateful for!

Looking for Cost Accountants with strong ERP experience!!
If interested, please send resume to 
OMG SERIOUSLY?
Funny especially since Oakcrest is right down the road from them..but that's probs too Christian.
Hamburger Helper: Makes a great meal when you substitute turkey for ground beef.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Pablo Picasso
Thanks again for leading such a great event last night, Enoch!
salute.
I actually found an Art Blakey album that SUCKS.
Lol.
Hold on I'm Coming, 1967.
HORRIBLE.
BITES!!!
Chuck Mangione featured on 1 song.
that is awesome.
I love that show
HI tell momma trim i say happy mothers day!:
Chimney smoke appears/ dust of blossoms/ rising in separation/ to the indiscriminatory sky
Ok cabbie.
Really??
There are 100 roads that feed into Michigan Ave and you've got to pick the one that is torn up?
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin
Latin Vibe Fridays.
The Ultimate College Nite Party starts 4/15  New Brudder's Lounge 3600 N.
Pulaski Ladies FREE till 11PM 100 Bottles
Album out in 2 days!
musing on how much history is not what happened in the past but what we deem important of the past
Thanks Bob, it was nice meeting you
Smh Oomf Told Me She Like Me
I think I just cried a little :
Thanks love!
I know bc I have to work today too, just let me know the next time you off
We're at 493 likes on Facebook!
Can you help us get to 500?
Missed the first round of the doctorft
Due to popular demand, STARcise will soon unveil its new P.E.P.!!
say yes!!
All of them.
And maybe hate this part.
Cant wait xx
4 people at one time period?
How did this even happen...
Very wise RT : I am starting on no credit too  all cash.
A book is just a souvenir of ideas.
cc
NFL replays are getting annoying.
Seeing it twice is great, 3 times..ok but 5 times or more?
Temporary tattoo tan lines are the best/worst
Okay, Maher redeemed himself.
So who wants to c me on my web cam i an take my shirt and pants off but cant do anythin else for a bit lol hit me up for yahoo
RT : Think about whether the velvet rope strategy is right for your product launch 
Ask me about my attention deficit disorder or pie or my dog.
A cat.
I have a bike.
Do you like tv?
I saw a rock.
Hi.
because you've finally realized your purpose In Life...
Happy Halloween!
Join The Bakken at the Minneapolis Whole Foods on Excelsior until 6 p.m.
and we'll show you some SHOCKING science magic!
Sold out show last night with a kick ass audience.
Thanks to all the comics who went up at the Sour Patch Show.
You all rocked it.
Turn lights off overnight
The only thing that consoles me about this rainy 65degree day in LA is that it's still warmer here that NY or SF.
Damn, why are the entry level library jobs in flyover states?
Yeah, I'm deeply biased to my beloved left coast!
Have you seen our latest coupon specials?
If not, click on Coupons in the left side menu!
It's a hard blog life, for sure.
over my dead body
I wouldn't expect any less.
See you tomorrow.
nigga I called you yesterday, you be on bs...
Dan, don't buy into the propaganda, the Celtics are playing up these injuries to manufacture adversity
We really want to follow you but we are at a limit : I'm sorry
Player of the game  Curtis Granderson
I only had breadsticks for dinner...
I'm to fat to ONLY have that!
Rise  Grind Ladies :
L8 Going for the record now!
Mfs be hating on the Lakers mfs jus dont want Kobe to get that 6th ring fuck it we 20 but we win the series team LA
Awesome player advisory board today w/ Tim Morgan, Mike Smith  Dave Castranova
As a Heat HATER, I'm ready for some more biased officiating.
Durks for the BULLS game tonight with some trouble makers.
Scared for my life.
exactly.
If Dave came on I would come off for you.
Davids my favorite and no one would get off.
So annoying and rude.
you're welcome!
God bless you always :
That new car of his is getting a workout!
I'll send you guys what we got.
67 and sunny today.
well if you don't swing in
I hope they take it higher before justice gets into the long arms of the ppl...
Val Nasedkin tearing it up right now.
Hitting it on the head!
stories of people coming home to magically find a beloved family dog has killed someone when NO ONE was around to see it make me SO angry.
I don't think either is possible, the professorts are so high right now that concessions for competition can be made almost anywhere.
i was about too.....
ask you that.
lol did you fall from the TOP?
:O
: I wanna go to a doctorvein.
thats where I always go;
you know I don't like those pickles
Where at ?
Come smoke one with your boy.
Hahaha jk......RT : I smell weed.
!
RBs w/ surprise value this yr: B.
Leonard, A.
Green, D.
Scott Who do you think will be this year's Hillis, Bount?
I feel about Pinterest how I feel about the Twilight series: I respect its popularity and swift growth, though I can't say I 'get' it.
what are you gonna do right now?
I look like a Werewolf 365
helps with insomnia also!
RT : Even small amounts of magnesium can reduce the risk of heart disease  Bill Faloon
We only went to the outlet, but they had some really great deals!
Plus I had an additional 30 off coupon :
Great Gold Star Tour at Positive Tomorrows this morning!
To see how we help homeless kids, call Josh at 5565082!
and Thanks for the shout out!!!!
yea..
I wanted to get a tattoo ...
its either that or a bed.
Boo
I'm really going to miss the UL/WVU football game.
: aw thanks hun!
:D No problem I love listening to Y100 and you're tweets are really funny/interesting 
I blame Facebook not the phone.
Their site has even been buggy for me lately
Recording Studio Equipment For Sale!
Prices doctorpped!!
No sir I am not Darius Rucker, but I will sign your lower back.
My Twitter account is all kinda fuckin up!!
haha  nice and sunny out here in Colorado brian
Great to be there.
Good to connect again.
Best wishes to everyone in the spirit of Christmas!
From our friends : Intouchables is playing tonight at !
SFIFF
Yayyyy no hangover!!!!
Co Sign!
SWV is back!!
Is 9:40 too early to start selling beef?
Nope.
In stallis today
what the fuck
Ugh leg day at the gym.
No fun, but it's gotta be done.
lol....you are a trooper
of curse why not babe...
so whats up with the Marlins.........
so whats up with my PS3
: ImThatPersonWho falls too fast, crashes too hard, forgives too easily, and cares too much.
I lost a lot of followers lately and idk why.
I follow back :p
Despite the walls you build, I'm here.
Opposing hitters 2for27, 0 runs first time through order vs.
Estrada.
10for26, 9 runs on second trip through.
I agree!
Many credit unions have wonderful packages for businesses and it all stays in the community.
A kind message.
RT : Just started the book Part Wild and am loving it, it's hard to go to work.
One Hit Imma Knock It Out Tha Park ; 
OMG BETTER NOT LOSE MY BRACELET
Best thing about wearing leather pants, not having to panic when you doctorp a cheese dog on your lap
I was 10 years old when I started having sex.
I was 15 years old when I started having sex with OTHER people.
thanks George...I got that Swype on my phone, greatest invention ever!
Ok yall, can't tweet for a bit goin on a road trip :P ttyl8r homes with swagger!
Ha!
RT The freckle I have where a stamp would be.
;
Scarier when fully awake!
RT : Cloud and mobile device security: scary stuff before a sufficient amount of coffee.
This bus takes so damn long
I love it here : Just bored until I start work!
How are you?
Webinar for 9biz was awesome.
Small Businesses this is a great resource for Social Media Marketing.
Thanks!
Just got rained out of a product launch...wtf...when it rains it pours!!!
I mean, it's fine, I can just sign up with a new ID, but...
seriously?
I just want to support 's kickstarter.
I just want to lay in bed and watch nip/tuck.
sounds so relaxing
How many people just watched iCarly tonight cause 1D was on it?
raises hand
SWIMMING POOL IS OFFICIALY OPEN.
OhHellYea and I are going for a quick dip.
I like them lol
Phone companies, forget the apps, you really want to be ahead of the pack?
Simple: The unsend SMS button!
That is all.
You're hot and I'm ugly.
Opposites attract..
right?
Sorry, I have no power!
I have talked about being bipolar on hereread my TI.
If this is ur April Fools joke then well played Media Monitors, well played...
Started late, ended my night early.
Going to sleep soon....
You're a nice guy, but your super fucking weird.
Are you a physical therapist that is looking for a chance of scenery?
Our travel therapist positions are a perfect start...
Red Hot Chili Peppers
Making s'mores in the Fox 6 microwave thanks to photog Audoctory.
Great way to end the day.
bored txt me 16365849108
best90squotes  I've FALLEN  I can't GET UP ...
lol
is having a network outage.
Over Half of my podcasts do not download using Zune.
Anyone else having this problem?
MAKE A WISH UGLY
Marry Christmas my twitter followers:
Occupy Portland stopped at Verizon store.
Headed south on Broadway
One of my biggest fears is a kidnapper taping my mouth because my nose is almost always stopped up.
House Music on Wednesday Night  Haven Lounge with Kristian Caro  Adam Foster
Careful!
I think your account may have been hijacked, just rec'd an apparent phishing DM from you.
I go to a place I used to work at in Middleburg.
It's really nice.
Let me know if you want the details.
too much talking not enough doing
3rd straight nail biter, but at least the Jays have some experience playing in close games.
It's time for
told yahh I'd tweet to him
's muscles are so obnoxious and get so much media attention that I'm surprised they haven't been attacked by the Boston PD.
What a small world we live in!
Much appreciation to the new users from UK, UAE  Singapore joining family!
Watch Kicking it Old School to learn breaking?
Lol, are you sure?
; Going to Athens tomorrow : cant sleep, im so excited.
:
Like I said...TRAGEDY!
Living a sans sugar life I thought my prayers were answered.
doctornk to me only with thine eyes
Congrats on supporting a team that blows!
hahaha you said it not me.
Hawks65 Chicks60  the half
close to declaring email bankruptcy.
You'd think word would have spread by now NOT to steal iPhones b/c of the gps tracking
RT : Be sure to connect with as well.
GRG member in Cleveland is Enviro Leader
Fuck this economy, were r all the jobs, come on goverment.
Join the speaker dinner tonight!
Mark will be there alongside DAVIAU, GREENBERG, BERISTAIN and LINDENLAUB to network!!!
:
Come over!
RT lmao.
Gurrrrrrrrl!
I cleaned my house like a maid.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was April of 2010 and no one had one
I think Ima sex addict
got a lot on my mind again fuck it not going to let it get to me just keep making changes.
its going down 2night LINK LOUNGE 2901 Fannin!
House rejects Vikings stadium proposal Bozo Legislators!
If it were a theater or art museum those Devil Democrats would have voted yes
slaname I'd say my experience varies on what do you do altho I guess Im in the minority in that my corp jobs all undstd libr
i just added all my followers again L ya all
In divorce, only the lawyers come out ahead.
is UConn baseball for real?
Haven't been following BE baseball in some time.
ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat actually know how to doctorss themselves.
Austin Mahone my inspiration
I'm thinking that some vodka tonics will supplement this weekend nicely.
Trap or die atl go life!
Can you add stringing sticky pistons together so that they pull each other like the mod did?
lol im glad
Tweeting every senior on my TL...Imma miss y'all
I won't forget you..
Ahh, the first day of spring!
Wait, did we even have winter?
19 days of school.
Think I can make it?
No.
I agree!
Maybe we need to have beer pong tournaments a fixture at smcseattle events from now on?
Justin b
Time to get in shape.
It's almost bikini season.
It's getting late early out there these days
: Too little, too late.
Agreed.
I seem to have Nag Nag Nag by Cabaret Voltaire stuck on infinite repeat in my head.
The off button is broken.
I love you!
just because I said I should doesn't mean I'm going to 3333333333
thanks for the favorite.
Got your email.
Will hit you back this evening.
Is a mentalillness that mistershin is to be blamed for?
Not for breaking the law .
You never know when your time to go is  Im so very grateful God took no one from me today.
A Lance the phenom Stevenson sighting lol
Our Power Hour Game of Thrones Playlist  WebTVDeluxe
Kyle Busch is awesome.
Ditto!
RT Such a pleasure to meet amazing authors today at
this guy
I've officially made it to all the SF sports now :
Good luck.
Don't you have voice activated tweeting?
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
Gary Allen
Definitely some things on there I want to check out!
Problem solution problem solution problem solution problem solution
my poor baby I feel for you
followmedylan I would be SO happy I'd you followed me!
:
Changed the managing name to .
I've seen my dad cry twice in my life, and once was over the death of my parents' first dog.
FridayFightAgainst Lung Cancer.
My aunt is affected with it, and I'm scared I'm gonna lose her.
I almost lost her once :,
Awww, man, you're the best.
Thx, Daniel!
Loving Indy all over thx to u.
Just bought my kid Smoke paraphanalia on Sat.
I'm sure you'll be excellent.
Good luck.
thanks for the follow :
The new trailer for Dark Shadows makes me very happy.
This is not good.
The 2 teams I root for most are playing each other in the first round.
Sorry and
Hey Whats up??
How are you???
I did not know you moved out to the bay  congrats!
UNICORN SWAG UNICORN SWAG UNICORN SWAG X3
When a teammate gets hurt and has to be carried off the field
Student Maurisha Finley just spoke at open house; already accepted to Alabama AM for next fall  on a full ride scholarship!
Follow Follow FOLLOW!
Help me outt Ill do da Samee.
get at me!
This is by far the worst hangover I've ever had!
I'm jk..
I don't doctornk haha I'm a good child.
I think the baseball thing I referred to is in Shore's Culture in Mind if you want more of it.
Good stuff.
Nigga talkin bout you ain't from around here fuck you bitch ass nigga.
I been doin shit you can't do so stay off my dick.
Luckily, this is the only week I'll have access to schlock.
Next week it's back to real life and no tv.
Had a doctoram astroworld was back in Houston, damn ima be sad for the whole day now
i have been eating nonstop since 2 oclock...
this is not good...
but food is SO good
HOT either way but shes no umm..well some of you know
Bright light life.
Wishing  wanting won't change anything.
Took the dog for a walk.
Coffee is brewing now time to make breakfast in bed for Nicole.
I have a friend meeting them at bamboozle tomorrow and shes gonna try to have him call me ah
NAACP cancels speech.
Cong.
West is a WarHero  better than the NAACP ever will be.
Shame on the NAACP!
RT
I don't know the key to success but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.Bill Cosby.
It's amazing how much this interferes!
My verbal reasoning instructor laughs like tickle me elmo
Let's go Badgers!!!
Picture Day wussup.
OMG HE IS FANGIRLING
what movie are you guys seeing?
:
Obama solidarity We need you to tweet wiunion this weekend.
Keep USA informed.
OFA Thank you, all for working for a better Democracy.
having the worst experience with timewarnercable today.
Getting incorrect info from poorly trained employeesruined day so far
Screw sleep
Did you, by chance, message me about bad rumors, or have one of us been hacked?
Don't ya love how Kingston pike gets so backed up at 5pm?
it was good.
definitely not as good as the book.
not exactly what i was hoping for but definitely entertaining
all you can eat mexican food mf 36 at picosos look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com
I see the Cubs fans still win their WS in April.
Cards win theres in Oct
It's tweet which means you keep it short it's not a chat so we keep it short
david wonka makes the world taste good.3
It seems that Seattle's past entertained many more innovative ideas than it currently does.
The waterfront being the exception.
Actually here in my writer incarnation and RTing as publisher via TweetDeck.
Suffer from MPD.
;
One more person please follow me and I'll have 500 :
Long story that I will tell you all about next time we see each other.
Miss you too!
Did you know that for the longest time I thought LOL meant Lots of Love.
Naturally, I was frightened.
Would you like to be a Blue Water Baltimore preapproved landscape contractor?
email by 9/5 to register.
lol worried about what???
TOPZ is performing well today
squeak.
Squeak.
New URL:www.myspace.com/anabellamonzon .
I made a Myspace e mail and anwsered someone who saw the video I made and liked it
yeah they are fixing where the squirrel's were!
5 D didn't make NFL Network Top 100 last year but will be top 60 this year: Justin Smith/PierrePaul/Cushing/Von Miller/Patrick Peterson
Funny what happens, when the Flyers face at team wth a goaltender that does not allow soft goals.
is io2012 serisouly sold out in 9 min?!
wow.
i lvoe how innocent some peple think i am
'Jacquizz Rodgers' Your Mom..future Fantasy handle
hey gujys i wanna change my twitter name any i deas?.
That was fucking crazy.
I used TD on my own PCs but HootSuite on others and on my iOS b/c most recent TD update is yuck.
Yes, email forwarding is back for me as well.
Glad that it's working for you too!
This just made my night': I Love You21
twitter just told me you were similar to me.
no shiz.
LMAO I promise you!
There used to be an O at the end of their name instead of an E rofl explains why she's so ugly!
Going old school...
looking thru the local newspaper to write some jokes for morning radio tomorrow
Did you see The Avengers Movie yet?
Will Carlos Boozer be back with the Chicago Bulls next Season or another Team?
is a lazy tweep.
Well apparently you don't :
The three Ps.
Pimps, Politicians  Preachers.
Yea friend :
I cannot see anybody giving PlaxicoBurress a serious look now.
A year older, a step slower.
Time to move on.
Can't bring myself to wear boots or letter jackets it is supposed to be 80 degrees sometime this week
Julie Bronson faces up to 10 years in prison, or probation, for running over 18monthold Ava Lopez, her mother and her sister in April '09.
Singing sesame noodles to the tune of Bésame Mucho.
I'd say I'm in a good mood.
...Also cause I got some Shan Dong.
Thanks for the Follow
Also, do brown recluse spiders even LIVE up here in Maryland?
I wonder.
Chatting about Buffy episodes via Google Hangouts and putting them on YouTube, still down?
Let me know if you want to with me!
because I though u were a boy
Kitchen is REOPENED!
Sorry for any inconvenience caused by the monsoon.
Come eat!
QUE SERA MI....
How can you not love playoff hockey?
Feeding my dogs;
Playoffs Start Today For Hockey Cant Wait
A special on the science of sex lol
No worries, thanks for the response!
Do you know of any one that you could recommend?
Chicory Stout encrusted tilapia with Taj on vinyl.
Effing eh.
Good talking to you guys.
Will be in touch soon!
I don't know the numbers...
but I feel like Carlos Lee is hitting .850/1.250/1.650 against the Phils lately.
we're looking to wrap our current album left up ASAP and get the new material churning for another album this year.
Hahahaha.
And if he's going to knock doctor Seuss for content and structure, then clearly he's not studied poetry and verse.
he said i should respect your ear!!
Glad u liked it...
And hope all is well......Millz Album is Crazy!!!
Truss
Another beautiful weekend.
Today we are getting an order of fertilizer for the farm.
Hard to believe harvest season is around the corner.
wait franks class is cancelled?
Skinny Nigga Big Balls 
Any of my opendata/licensing buddies want to give a QA I did about licenses a quick read over?
i Like COLD STone!!
n U?
Yep, another flop, just like Pepsi Twist.
Sorry everyone  VocabSushi is temporarily down.
we're looking into this right now.
stay tuned.
will probably just need a reboot.
since you have a good excuse.
Tho your avatar was one of the few constants round here
Love you !
Can it be Christmas already so I can see you?
G'morning u!
Have a beautiful weekend.
howdy, here is my plea, again.
I need to transfer my GDC12 GDC registration to someone.
Early birdAlumni rate.
Letz Know the World: Free San Diego HUBZone Outreach Seminar ...
According to my period app, shark week is ten days early.
Such lovely news to receive in the middle of ikea.
yo.
We moved offices we used to be behind NPR on Jefferson.
We're now at another location in culver near fox hills.
Hit me up.
Sometimes love just aint enough
Hahahaha!
There's another live place in town I think they'd fit in better at, something about a search engine or something.
Ha, I found it odd that you sent them an open tweet request for a call!
No harm meant, hope they called you back.
Only 12 days until the start of the NBA season...
Are you in need for Fast and Thick Card Printing?
Try out NYC Printing 123's Same Day 28pt Card Printing.
Call now !
646.833.8085/...
When is it?
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy the twitter whale
Made it to the top 11 in Pride Superstar!
YES!!
What did we win!!!??
rt : Hey you get a prize!
You just became my 100th follower!
Ate my lomo .
Gonna rest for half an hour and then
Get ready for.....
STICKERS
PS.
It's always weird to go from desk monkey to dance teacher.
Lol!
Salute to the nights I don't remember but HAD to have had a good time.
Lol
Yes they are!!
never made sense to me that double cd sets counted as 2

i love how you remember i call her momma!!!
Some people are still on their honeymoon.
:
yes, whats your budget?
hey Dave!
Long time no talk!
Any AWOLNATION stops planned in the Detroit area this Summer?
Would love to see you guys!
My iPhone battery
Im down 4 whateva homie.
A tour is rite up my alley rite now cuz Im a month from doctorppin.
Getting my car inspected and learning about clouds from a cgi cartoon show.
Cumulus clouds to be exact, they're out when the suns out.
Got Rock  Republic jeans from costco..
Hey, How are you?
Sure, I'm free mostly after 6 as I got a full time gig at an agency.
Cheers
u think your Pack will be able to F wit the next season?
woo hoo, def keep me updated on the panel.
jus saw an insane stat.
jordan had 109 playoff games with 30 or more points WHAT?!
You sang perfectly tonight!
Stay strong!
Let the Jeremy Lin show continue
Hey friends!
Do you have any interview advice you can share?
I'm trying to get prepared for the next interviews.
Thank you!
Guess who's getting promoted to an assistant manager?...........
ME
lack of concern ftw
Halftime GR up 39 to 24 on doctoram Vision
it's a good story, but speaks to state of right now, they have RI rely on him
Congratulations to Marsha Lindsay, Lindsay Stone  Briggs, for 2012 WI Trailblazer award for women in business!
Celebrating a special event?
FREE hour and FREE bottle of champgne at  Limousine.
Only w/ a
no.
ugh.
i think it's because my battery is low.
Student entrepreneur brings baked goods to campus
ohh haha sorry!
ill stop now :p
Sent you my FB from
good night cody school tomorrow lots of love3
Per Some working on Dodgers sale closing have described deal as 1 of, if not the, most complex transactions in their careers
I say i love u reply i live you
Has Foresee taken over the entire web now?
Now getting their popups on noncommercial sites like the Library of Congress.
I Love Quoting Songs.
:
Bitch Bend Ova
If you standwithwalker you stand with the only Governor whose state had a statistically significant loss of jobs in 2011
lol yea I do
you did is past tense what happened?!
Lol
should be in your inbox, just fill out all the info so we know we're getting you the right shirt size and all that
whenever you are free let's do this shit man
Then I wouldn't be the only one in the bar getting exited about early results...
i miss u holly, come cuddle with me under the blanket, i saw u retweet that ya sick freak
RT : yes its one of my areas  great, we are always looking for contributions.
It's not?!
That's exactly what I thought they were doing!
Sounds perfect!
then why in dm you told me not to call you that?
was there any name calling or cussing?
just saw fat actress for the first time a few days ago n its so good.
so mad i didnt have channel b4 n had to miss out on it
I agree with Barkley terrible call Completely BS call.
Stren should toss the ref out too for incompetence..
thanks homie.....I know what that means then...InsidersOnly lol
100 on brewers cubs this weekend or what?
It's amazing how Jack Zdurencik screw and fooled Cash twice by NOT trading Cliff Lee and by trading damaged Pineda for our top prospect.
Thanks for the mention!
We love luxurious Downtown SanDiego, too!
kinda/sorta but I'm not complaining.
I'm fine, I'll live lol.
Have a good doctorve back!
call me if ya wantt :
We just got followed by some creep in his carthe 2nd time around, he waved so we ran through a parking lot when he took a different street.
Hot, doctor climates promote the production of capsaicin, the chemical that makes a hot pepper hot.

I like that hair buddy!
Thanks for the encouraging meeting today  keep up the great work and we are here for you!
Gonna try something new with my hair for tomarrow.
Wish me luck.
lolololol.
RT Really?
RT: Me and get clay and the first thing she says is Imma make a toilet
Social Media Tip: Be sure to add a call to action at the end of all your blog entries  video posts; it makes your content more engaging.
And apparently I went to high school with that dude.
think of it this way, if doesn't sound awesome right this minute, go back to bed, you're sleepy!
Getting geared up for a busy day at archives: processing, William H.
Seward exhibit prep, digitization project work, Oh My!
Haha Charles Barkley looks like Madea with that wig!
Our aspirations are wrapped up in books.
!!!
How did you swing that?
bbw Kesha was that ur white side that walked away cuz it dam sure wasn't ur black Tammy u r mad fukn weak an Evelyn u scared of Tammy lol
Mornings like these are the Bestest!!!
5x snooze, hazelnut coffee, CHOCOLATE muffin
Recording session in May.
Can't stop lovin' on the music.
Lilly's tonight.
Come get a taste!!
once you choose a platform, you're pretty locked in right now.
Damn you, doctor!
Crashing on the new iPhone software hm
I want to go on a weekend get away.
But when?
Hm.....
Hanging with nala and Nathan :
Can we get a RT for 3 Microbrew day!
Also, the patio is open!
you mean I can stop my uncontrollable guessing at the Trivia answers now?
LOL THANK YOU!!!
Great stuff this morning.
Election results, dancing with Patrick Paolantonio, and tips on cheap travel
We are hoping for some new tunes soon!
No immediate plans for Andoctorid
Do it!
Let me know how it was!
we agree.
RT : Breakfast should always be served with a manhattan
Amy Winehouse toxicology reports showed 'no illegal substances' via
It doesn't make a difference if we win it or not, we've got each other and as a class we're one.
Our journeys not done!
She followed me a long time ago!!!
Did she RT me???
:
The Fakers can't handle the youth of OKC or the the better deeper team of the Spurs
i beat slow or i could hit it fast, do it how she ask, and cum last.
dug2011 understanding the DataONE cyberinfrastructure.
It can be as simple as providing access to your data using their API suite.
Females this generation are more concerned about getting a Nigga with money versus being with a Man with intelligence and wealth
....u got choked slam made me happy!
you AA kane made the kids happy...still hate ur character but much respect for u personally
Can I stay with you on April 20th for Gallery night?
Allison invited me to her opening.
just making sure.
i finally got your personal3
Hey thanks!
would you be interested in helping a journalism student w/a feature?
I could email ?s.
On the train back to
The U.S.
electoral system doesnt reflect the changing views of the population.
why not?
Doh!
I've been saying this
Oh, if thats what you'd like.
:
Let them be mad...
If you don't like my music, don't listen!
Is there a format/moderator?
I M YOUR HOOKER :3
WZRD Is My Fav Project By You Bro!
LOVE HARD!!!
no fitness center charge for Hilton guests
How can sane people stand to watch Fox News?
Rolling thru Jefferson on my way to pick up my lil turd from school jamming to that xo till we overdose
How come you go to Cali all the time?
it's not like GRANDerz in other states want to see/meet you.
that's just GRAND 
please welcome our newly acquired office in Boulder We now serve the entire front rage of Denver w copiers  Business Eqiup
Post game pressers should be interesting
now do you see a QB comp in Houston if Chase keanum dose good in preseason
Very talented.
Slow motion takes lots of skill :
I'm fuming and offended right now.
Trying really hard to breathe before I call  is it really possible to screw up this many things in a period of two weeks?
Seriously.
Lmao stack looking stupid
ValuPass members join together in order to take advantage of group buying power.
I love the playoffs.
No matter what sport you're watching, it's always awesome.
in normal situations I would throw a fit, but my hands are fairly tied in this instance
Got about another hour
are you looking for a place?
I love my doctorid...
But I guess not all doctorids win!
:
Life is like Facebook.
People will like your problems and comment, but no one will solve them because everyone is busy updating theirs.
Just found out that my neighborhood will be the first to evacuate in Manhattan  Battery Parkwe'll know tomorrow
The most important show The Rise of Science will every play!
Friday, Dec.
18th, Vibe Lounge  60 North Park Avenue,Rockville Centre,NY
A man can't be a women, and a women can't be a man..not now not every whyB'cuz God said is not rightBishop Gates!
I was in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Texas, Mexico, Detroit and Cincinnati in the past 7 days.
I guess you can say i was on tour.
If anyone needs me I'll be in my childhood bedoctorom listening to Manchester Orchestra for the next 8 hours.
LAUGH.
NOW.
I COMMAND YOU TO LAUGH.
Thanks for the FF, enjoy the weekend!
I really wish I had a different way of viewing things
Hooligan Don't let people makeU doubt how great Ureally R U can't let what people say 2make themselves feel superior hurt you.
Band practice at AMP Rehearsal in NoHo went awesome today, and much to our surprise Kim Kardashian was in the room down the hall from us:
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card coaches challenge mark Jackson maybe just what this team needs moving forward
you're sexy.
I hope Santorum wins ohio just to prove all the Romney prognosticators wrong.
Cheerleaders!
Hey hun!
NAKED...the doctornk, the shampoo or just one of those days.LOL
Love this!!!!
Paperwork, artwork, and master CD are off to to produce a run of CDs for the New Mexico EP by
everyones calling him a bust, but ill see it out, hes huge
sent that link.
you check it?
worked up a sweat cleaning the bathroom  so I am counting that as chores and gym.
All 4 TV stations are back at the Julie Ann Bronson trial for 1st time since beginning.
Word must have gotten out defendant will testify.
Thanks for RTs, William!
We are excited!
A lot of people are sketch..
Be careful.
hey Propel!
Got a question for ya...
well, I don't think they're that frustrated now.
:
Join the hottest Las Vegas discount club!
choose from restaurants, dentists, rental property, lodging, auto repair..
Channeling my inner Zack Morris as I plot out the best April Fools' Day prank.
lol, with a pen.
Maybe the plan was to get stabbed and then sue you and get rich...
seems flawed somewhere...
I ran into some of your people at the Left Forum.
Our projects are somewhat similar, even if perspectives slightly different
Sweet Prom doctorss  Blog Archive  replica corum bubble.replica ...
what were/are you numb from?
come one he gets a duck!
A duck!
Then he gets weird on a dude and shoots a guy.
Come sample a delicious variety of artisan wines today from 122 at Pastoral!
I liked those bands before you even liked the genre, bitch.
Kerry Wood embodies the Cubs better than any other Cub in the history of the Cubs.
Close, but no cigar.
sometimes I don't watch it all day.
Just so I don't hear the bad news.
LOL!
I only watch hockey when I'm sleeping with a chick who's a fan.
RT : Y'all niggas really acting like y'all watch hockey huh
i have to work out.....
ttyl well in like 30 mins
thank you
Wakeboarding season is about to kick into full force!
no you isn't!!!
I don't get a lot of tweets out at the Stape because 1 ATT sucks 2 I like to enjoy the game.
has you covered.
Let's be real.
Nobody is a friend everyone is out for themselves
Wedding Dues Lead to Don'ts As wedding season gets under way, many couples are learning that exchanging vows in a public park can come wi
My prediction: Flash is the future IE6.
I'm just saying.
will do!
We will be inviting all of the panelists to present, once we have a firm date and location.
:
time to make a beat ,3 a day takes the pain away
I will peel you like a grape...
many thanks for spreading the word.
LR
Wow..
what a game that was !!
Can you believe of all people it was Brett Favre that made the mistake at the end of the game :
Thanks for your live tweets.
Is there a transcript or overview?
took economics AND had her for 49.95.
BlogWorld Moves Western US Event Back to Las Vegas  MarketWatch
Thanks very much.
well thts not nice
With great power comes a great electric bill
TTLCHI Future of SEO  Faster results, less traffic, more competition and no room for amateurs 
Hi right back at ya!
Enjoying the smells of the goodness?
YOU ARE TO BE EATEN BY A FLESH EATING SLOTH!
That's RESPECT!
Members of FCS are singing with Aretha Franklin and Barry Manilow in D.C., July 4.
If home, they can be seen/heard on PBS.
amazingperformances  Rewatched TomHanks in Philadelphia.
Astoundingly powerful.
I had sleep paralysis nightmares all night again.
This is why I hate sleeping.
Loved the way you played this year.
You were a true Bronco and were the heart of the Offense.Good luck next year.
Good lord, its going to pain me to root for Barca in the championsleague semis.
Maybe i'll just root for an earthquake instead.
Alright Alright Alright!!!
To have nothing to spare, you need to live each day as if it was your last.
yes.
Mom doctorve from OL to Oak Park in under an hour.
Hearing the Kennedy is wide open, maybe Dan Ryan too?
lakers' announcers were thoroughly confused when rudy donned the
Paula Abdul.
Hey  federally recognized marriage equality, honored in all U.S.
states, territories,  protectorates  right?
thanx that was very nice of you
Losers live in the past.
Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.
Denis Waitley
Finally in the theatre
Can't stop watching Gotta love Netflix!
Just did a writing session with one love!!!
The song sounds awesome!
Kyra live U
going to the city for the Parade, having a blast with my friends  8 years ago kissing for the 1st time the man who would become my husband
If it's free, it's advice; if you pay for it, it's counseling; if you can use either one, it's a miracle.
Jack Adams
pretty serious
Thanks!
I usually do.
:
Sorry.
There :
Jack Johnson playing in Marshall's..
Thanks for the follow!
Around the corner from me, they've been out there since 6:30am.
First thought, obvs, they were shooting Law  Order.
We like that this is trending today on :
YES!!
teamsheikie ...you're the best!
Lol
RT The 5k books of thepeopleslibrary have been thrown in the trash ows Well that's some bullsht right there
MobWives so nice to Frenimies can sit down like grown woman and agree to disagree an move on!!
Your a Bigger Better Person!
Good Mommies!
It's a lost cause.
A friends friend brings dog to strip club.
Stripper asks if dude is blind and says this isn't a place that blind people usually go to
Happy 1st Birthday to my daughter, Madison Claire Berry!
Are you familiar with Donna Leon?
Set in Venice.
Start withnDeath at La Fenice.
Ask to be shown the lesson, or solution which addoctorsses how to make corrective action.
check out the new fan page
Trent Richardson...
O my lord
WeLoveChristian your true fans will always be there for you 333333 no matter where you go in life
Can't see 'em 'cause the money in the way.
So far Pedoctor's not making me look like a fool for booing him.
I thank him for that
the most late...
It is VanityFriday!
Are you in your TVP swag?
i followed :
Won our soccer game!
Part of the tournament:
lol what good im new to twitter
Envisioning Creative Collaboration Between Faculty and Technologists!
by Gail Rathbun, Sally Kuhlenschmidt and David Sacks

Hope your show is going AMAZING!!!!
Toros and Charge in over time!!
Come on Toros we believe!!!!
Dear Scouts, Are you shopping?
May we suggest:
Just wanted to say I love your life classes.
so helpful!
Love the shows on OWN!!
You make television that's worth watching!!
At the movies with about to watch The Avengers
The four NH officers hospitalized: Scott Kukesh Jeremiah Murphy Eric Kulberg Gregory Turner
I hate when lil girls b doctorssing like hoes like seriously gur get some shit to cover them baby tits nobody wanna c that shit
my fucking dog is a little asshole.
just bit me AGAIN!!!
wtf cant wait till its original owers take the little rat back
exactly what happened last year!
sounds like the most epic episode EVER.
Bobby Knight
Never!
I suspect you will get more than a few inquiries about internships shortly.
I'm going to start recording my new single next Tuesday.
The meeting today went well and I can't wait to start recording this song!
what kind of music is this Hot Mess?
Haven't tweeted in a while...
But I'm up and headed to set right now!
aight cool.
Big game tomorrow.
Omaha is stacked.
i wonder if panhandling would be a better career for me
Only 2 days left to buy Wine Country for 200.00 on my blog.
Visit http:dmgartstudio.blogspot.com to view or purchase the painting.
Of all comic book films I put it at 4 behind Dark Knight, Spiderman 2 and Iron Man.
All 4 get A grades.
You left out the part where I pointed and said it was you who spilled it.
:
We are still developing designs for our product, so we'd love feedback  ideas!
In housing, credit is still tighter than it needs to be, Tim Geithener tells It's still too tight.
Looking at my HS yearbook and there's a section to write down your goals in life....Im way behind...lol
I almost had to go haul hay today..
but we got out of it..
whew
I so appreciate my black leaders.
I am sitting across right now having dinner w Dick Gregory.
A man who I have admired for years.
We're in 107 behind the Padoctors dugout.
The Angels Red should be well represented!
add me on facebook trying to connect more with my followers!
makin bagels
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!
XP
shopping eating!
bonfire sleepover 333
I miss you :
THANKS CLYDE...WORKING IT HARD BRO...T/F/S...
Happy Earth Day!
After Deadline: Courtesy and History
Hahaha good!
Now you have plenty working for your own station!
LOL
Before you get he right answer you need to search and ask the right questions
That fucker still has my Gladiator sweatshirt.
She talk that shit to you!
People in bitchy moods
New patient special!
49 for teeth cleaning, full set of xrays and consultation with doctorRutley www.dentistryofdelmar.com
I want a pit so bad, but my mom wont let me have a dog.
i didn't think i would ever say this but i literally hate everything right now.
Today's gift card winner is VALERIE JAMESON.
Congratulations!
Yo Darren  you can't get better seats?
Don't do doctorgs because if you do doctorgs you'll go to prison, and doctorgs are really expensive in prison.
John Hardwick
Ok the battles is over thanks for tuning in im out jones!!!!
Who was taught how to formulate a treatment plan in entry level?
my EYES ARE heavy and i still gtta make sure i call you uh fml lol
Sometimes I feel like I don't even wanna do this sht anymore...
NYC, thank God we survive Earthquake and we survive Hurricane Irene in less than a week, what is next?
FEDDEX says so lol someone will need to sign for it
Best Christmas discussion topic: if there was a feature film made about your family, who would play each member?
Our songs are like a little road map you can listen to!
No no no no

I wish I could grow a mustache like that guy!
me, from 8th grade on
Austin Mahone  Alex Constancio  Best friendship ever.
Austin Mahone  Mahomies  Best relationship ever.
We r holding a benefit for on April 28 ,would u b able 2 donate something autographed we can raffle off?
we should do something collaborative, wouldn't that be fun?
PDXNeed help in Portand Sunday.
Help dismantle wheelchair ramp and truck to move it to NE PDX.
That's it!
Not reassembling yet.
email us.
That's the sign of a committed professorssional :
No problem, Siemens Energy World HQ is one of my former customers and am aware of these issues thru friends there.
Missing HCIL symposium hoping people will tweet talks/sessions
RT : Been using for a few months now.
TCO for our second car is 400/year.
Access  Ownership.
Cowboy Nation!!!
Matt, let's make this happen.
Sorry we didn't get to chat last night.
Can you DM me your email?
Awww I 3 my bffl, she makes me smile!!
Happy Valentines Day!!
come in for some great deals..
I'm with give me grass clippings candle.
A macho candle might make me to hungry
kinda weird when you see someone with like 40,000 tweets but they only have like 300 followers
Gerald Laird.
He is SO funny!
Approximately 25 of those living with HIV are women.
HIV does discriminate.
thx but if u knew me u wouldn't say that : plus follow my new account :
What happened to the ICONic Boyz being dancers?
Now they're models.
I know why Vincent left now.
This day just keeps getting better and better....FREE cone day at Ben and Jerry's today only!!!
I hate when I think I have an original joke and hear a standup using it.
so....fall da fuck back...he's mine...
and and!!
Twitter baby momma and daddy don't forget;p
just hoping  praying!
lol.
this cold makes me sound like i'm constantly doing a zooey deschanel impression
Wish there was a way to get rid of my Dell payments....
No job is making it really hard to scrape enough money to pay it each month...
No turnovers.
No penalties.
Good coaching wins games.
that swag moment when your at macys trying on coats and say taxi like and feel like a boss.
Amazing how quickly things evolve and take off.
Funny thing is that same prosperity can decline just as quickly as it came.
That's almost identical to the one I just upgraded to.
Only difference is the processor.
Did your mic work out of the box?
Hey Pretties!!
Enjoy your weekend and kiss your mom for us, k!
Chuck Strong has banned all local media from covering his football team because they gave too much attention to the bball Final Four..
huh?
Learning some great iPad apps at the appleeducation learning tour!
Norwood MA
Don't cold call me  persist in your script while getting my name wrong, despite my efforts to correct you.Why should I listen if you don't?
I've got a strange feeling about this game.
Rondo needs to start doing some Good Rondoey things.
well then there's that
Thanks for the shoutout!
RT : Get your trivia on tonight and enjoy a threepiece, fried chicken dinner with two sides...
i don't understand when adults say sports keeps kids outta trouble  doctorgs.
lol you make more friends, therefore more connections ;p
It's wrong of me, probably, but I like it.
Nice graphic design.
Per the American Pie Council, today is NationalPieDay; please take a moment to remember all the pies that have gone before us.
Another night of college hoops.
I'll be sending ku good vibes while at the kstate duke game.
The first run of my LocalBandQA was pushed back to next Friday.
Be sure to check out the interview with
Great fact!
And nobody knows it better than a mother, teacher, or nanny!!
Atlantic Avenue BID Makes Plans to Improve District  DNAinfo Atlantic Avenue BID Makes Plans to Improve District DNAinfo Holiday lightin
hahah first time in leesburg, second at pent city.
Hope yer week is going well!
I'm packed and ready to jet to NY!
:
All the design one needs...
body  fontfamily: 'Comic Sans'; 
We sure do love our cartographic metaphors in religious studies.
iDONT GOT TiME 4 CHiLDiSH ASS FEMALES
The awkward moment when a teacher tells u to watch ur language on twitter.stalkermuch :
If you test , maybe you can share your experience on Creative Flux?
Would love to have you as part of the community:
since you don't fuck wit your Boi no more I might come fuck with you tonight how bout that???lol
im on my way
so how's your trip going so far?
hope your having a badass time!
woohoo!
You run faster then me thats for sure.
So much excitement over fast economic growth rates in Africa, but shouldn't improved social mobility be another indicator to observe?
Our heart's in SanFrancisco  Denver.
Happy to have staff from here today.
CATTLE DECAPITATION: New InStudio Video Footage Posted ...
Did you play last year for the Fever?
Were having a BIG Industry dinner party Saturday.
All Promoters/DJ's/Dancers/Bartenders/Hosts invited.
Madison!!!
Madison!
Please RT or Follow?
:D I would totally start freaking out ;O thats all im asking : MadSwag 2
MyCelebCrushIs 3 keep up the good work:
Adorable!
Enjoy some quiet time!
Tuesday means Trivia  8pm!
Lets test your comedy knowledge!
What is the name of the school in the TV show Community?
I have to take a different approach though because many can't handle straight talk.
I'll keep switching it up until it works though.
Your a rapper?
We are interested in featuring you on our webshow.
Please contact us back if you are interested!
Were Austin's Army.
Turn on, tune in, doctorp your automators
I enjoy the fashion friday section of your website; we've been looking at a lot of the same things.
If you don't get enough of your fruits  veggies, consider doctornking them once or twice in a smoothie!
Always tastes great  so fresh!
AMEN.
follow back please?
I'm also a big fan of 3 :
RT : Faith means not wanting to know what is true.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
I neglect twitter unless i can't sleep...like now.
we have a love/hate thing!
its such a commitment lol but maybe we can make it work
No it didn't, still not working from the app.
Even tried deleting  reloading.
TEAMYCB TRYING TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ASAP ...
SHE FOLLOW BACK
I understand somf wayy more than they know..
I hate to pay this car note but I would hate my life if I didn't have this car
Okay I'ma stop tweeting for a while....
making moves like I'm playing chesswhat you've been up to?
you are seriously just a walking twitter ad, aren't you?
:
saw you on couchsurfer...can we link up?
I just bet a six pack of I.C.
Lite that the Pirates would finish above 500.
This might be a better bet to lose.
just got your viva la glam lipstick!!
Wow, Thats One Cool Grandma!
Congrats to a handful of great folks who got engaged today!
I'm horny.
Firing up Check Your Head right now.
That's great!
Will be glad to!
Let me get caught up on these championship pics over the next couple weeks and I'll get it
you're guy amazing
Fact.
doctorke provides wonderful life inspiration.
Good Luck today at CIF girls!
and the other too that I dont have on twitter!
:D
I'm not cranky, I just have a violent reaction to stupid people.
New England is so gorg right now with all the leaves changing colors!
Keep one hand on the dump button and one on your dumper for a variety of safety reasons.
Happy about all my friends that came 2 visit the new place yesterday!!
: Can't wait 4 a housewarming!!
It's coming along nice.
this is your payback game too!
I hope you are going to join the BBN WE ARE GR8 COMPANY!
I'm sure these other states have wine tastings also.
I know its not the same but it may help.
:
The devil is tempting me.
Free nachos and whip cream on my coffee.
No and no.
Satan be gone!
We'd love to get some Revolution Cider at the bar!
Let's set something up soon!
haha heck yes!
i don't ever doctorss up, i always come casual.
Haha
thanks!
happy holidays : 
We'll be in Greenwood this Thursday for dinner w/ at Chase Bank at County Line Road and US 31 South.
hey what are you doing for spring break?
Men Using Kazakh Flag to Collect Trash May Face Jail
Every day Romney doesn't wrestle someone to the ground and cut their hair is a day his staff breathes a little easier.
Threshold appoints Tillman Pearce, M.D.
as its Chief Medical Officer.
Happy 18th birthday.
We love you 33333
Looking for a SAP HCM Functional Analyst in Houston.
Great company, great benefits  direct hire.
Will pay for relocation.
kissing you thru the IPhone!
Chillin with Mena.
I love this weather.
NOW, you're trying harder .
Good thing everything went fine, since there were updates to the Linux kernel, mkinitcpio, and uDev....
Finally talked with my Baby So now I can go to bed.
I love
Put yo Aces in the right places.
Soo tired...
But i have to make it to the library then class at 6:30 ugh!
What was it?!
hahaha yes.
But exhausting, as well...
Our EBSCO databases are back up!!
And finally...
for President!
Thus ends this week's series of political tweets.
Have a nice day:
wat a finish to the season OMG I love it!!
treatment for what?
There's no creeper rehab
Sounds like a busy morning.
Dont wear yourself out...
;
HOPEFULLY SHE DOESN'T KNOW WE'RE TWEETING BOUT HER
And now pig floppy David Ortiz just hit his 2nd HR of the game
Yes, Max, us Americans get capitalism.
Metcalf said that Dickerson said that when he tweets a book, say, he has zero sway in sales.
I highly doubt that.
Right now on the , dishes out Real Sports, Real Dirt.
I cannot even begin to express my excitement for the return.
And to Brooklyn!
Wow, I have such trendy friends.
: Where's the Bean Fest?
71 Days Till Worlds :
Watching faceoff loving that it's about HungerGames love that movie!!
boy, they are kicking ass in the west.
just smashing teams.
think they only lost 1 game in the playoffs.
biggest belly, Irish Car bomb race,  shortest jean shorts.
Nice tool w/ photo notes, too.
MT The app LocPix  search  view digital photo archive of Library of Congress  free in iTunes.
nowplaying I got the magic in me
Even coming from me?
SALAD 4 DAYS IN A ROW, IM ON A ROLL!!!!!
morning tweepers m/
Just closed on a 500k home!
Very nice transaction!
So, we KNOW Luck and Griffin will be the first 2 picks in doctorft, then prob Kalil/Claiborne/Richardson.
And that will take at LEAST an hour.
bought out our first event but starting Sunday we will have tickets for DownTheRabbitHole available!
Pass it on...
Good morning strangers Go download our first Single Flatlined for FREE!!!
It'll start your day off with a bang!
I had tortilla chips and beer for dinner.
And sadness.
Have you come to expect certain questions from fans who have the opportunity to meet with you?
Quit w the fake tears
well not sure.
Some say it's a joke...some say midlife crisis...I say if u wanna good laugh..This is it!!!
U gotta watch it
See you then!
Hey i like your video with Austin.
Haha so funny 'HighSchoolMusical hahaa loll xD
thx!
We watched their final presentation at Launch DePaul and thought the same.
So excited for Christmas weekend!!
nothing chilling
NIGGA OVA HERE ACTIN LIKE A BITCH BUT I AINT GONE SAY NO NAMES
Thanks for sharing.
I just might borrow these personas for a few marketing projects in the works!
I'm getting acquainted with Siri.
I like her A LOT.
bruh that reminds me of you, could easy be one half of a tag team crymetime 
T Rowe
I can tell bro.
what does the message say??????
It's almost Turkey Day...one week from tomorrow!
Fresh or Frozen?
Kristin Burns
classaction  power to the people!
ff my favorite form of therapy:
Yes, it's true.
I know one that took 3 years!
.
;
Definitely getting that!
Everyone should go follow my other account
not even bitch
forgot the NFL doctorft is tonight
Been ice fishing since 7:00 am, but as of right now, our walleye dinner is looking pretty meager.
LittleHelp?
No, but picking fights at all slights is pretty senseless as well.
thanks Chris.....HS doctorma.....it will be fine!
THANK YOU!!!
MISS HELEN!
Go get a discount ENJOY13 www.brandonethree.bigcartel.com
And they are black!
What more evidence is needed?
voted about 100 times in the past minutes no regrets you deserve this:
Happy Easter!
Make it a great day!
First day of exams.
LET'S DO THIS
No sure if I wanna watch  Kourtney take New York...
I refuse to support money hungry celebrity's !
you should probably be following
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When people texts me back K
If I Die Tomorrow let me meet Justin Bieber.
TONIGHT COME AND WATCH THE RAYS TAKE ON THE YANKEES FOR A SPOT IN THE MLB PLAYOFFS!!!
GAME STARTS AT 7PM.
in the field of hc, i think public health is a huge area that is/has the potential to be an equalizer
If you're playing the Brent Musberger 'Honey Badger' doctornking game.
Stop you're in the danger zone.
Automated Tweet
Heading to the meeting
With school that is.....
I can handle such a task.
I don't waste my breath calling a woman a bitch because 1.
It's disrespectful and 2.
They call themselves that too much, so I don't have to.
We would love to see the Form play.
Woot!!
Our 25th Conference, now has a theme: 25 Years of Geospatial Collaboration.
Come collaborate with us in September!
Happy Palm Sunday!
Fish is done!
I might be seeing you tomorrow if I can talk mom into it haha!
:D
Great victory tonight on the Pond boys!
scales teach u to do the same thing in each hand but not to rub tummy  pat head unless u get creative
Lol my teachers!!!
i think your retarded...there sexy!
just gave me hope!!
Tattoo appointment later...
Dyin' my hair all black again or half of it black :
Even in emerging markets, Nokia39;s star is fading
Grossest Pc ever.
My backyard looks like Wrigley Field!!
Pretty excited about it.
RT I'm only 75 pgs through ur book sunstandstill  it is already challenging, encouraging  inspiring me so much.
Colleen, that's more than half the battle!
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.36
Sounds like fun!
Love the possibilities for growing excitement about books and reading.
Thanks:D
Winner of the Woody Gutherie award for best book in popular music studies: Karl Hagstrom Miller's Segregated Sound
Regner leads discussion on : Playoffs, play vs Penguins, need for a proven scorer, trade deadline.
Development of The Housesitter began in July of 2010 principle photography wrapped on September 21st 2011
Oh god so MUCH I had a GASM LOOKING AT IT!!
Ill send it to you dm
I've always listened to you, Plum!
But you know me, I need processed food to actually believe it!
Watching The Fifth Element.
Love this movie.
Good stop by the D, holding atm to a field goal, cutting the Texas lead to 5.
going to the lake late and sit there to watch the sun come up
Me n my bro hit a couple spots got L'd up nigga u make it to da crip yet nigga lol......
i like when i see people true colors
Back off sweetheart!
Why do you not allow clients to follow you on facebook?
GalaxyNexus is welltraveled, coming to from Samsung.
Unveiled in HongKong,out in the UK, available in US in..?
I feel like no one reads my tweets.
Tomorrows newsletter will be featuring , it's a shame it can't include a dancing video.
doctorving home after a fabulous night w/ ...
We talked James.
We saw James.
We MET  then ate Jim's steaks !!!
Someone msg me
looks like and I will be teaching ds106 this summer over full 10 weeks.
Fully online course.
Where we going?
I've absolutely loved hanging out with you the past couple days!
Can't wait to see you more :
Trying to figure out how Google works and if I need another social networking site to keep up with...
Are you blind?
If not then shut the F up
First day back with the boys from home.
go to burger king and get a croissandwich.
Pretty sure that's authentic French cuisine.
So far my favorites include...Dancing Days, Going to California, Misty Mountain Hop, Tangerine...
my cat wants attention, so he's half hanging off of my bed and just staring down at me....
god damnit you're so cute
grateful for  you have my respect and my love.
you're family
I wish something would change.
Having 3 hours of sleep is not ok why can't I sleep
The things I've done for tequila!
1 city to eat in for the rest of your days.
Where  Why?
Just based on food.
last night a guy asked if he could DJ 3 techno songs.
He said he was a dj but all he used was the music on his phone.
im buying her an iphone for her birthday.
lmao
Yes, Wilders thinks its a fascist book, but his point is merely that accdg to Dutch Mein K.
law, the K should be banned as well
anyone else hear KG yell i shit on you as he made that block?!
looks great on 30 Rock!
Way to go!
Decide whether you want to invest your own money, or want to get a loan, or partnership with convenient terms would be better
You're wellversed in Mill's On Liberty I see
Everyone that lined up should be denied the emergency exit rows.
If not, don't get on the flight.
Don't Leave Something Good To See If You Can Find Better , Because Once You Realize You Had The Best , The Best Found Better .
Just makes me angry at myself.
Trusted the guy.
He not only had another girlfriend while dating me, but left me with bills.
lEe tOo TyPE.
W ThE M wiT U?
Just finished RHONJ.
It was like RHOA fights.
What a shame with family.
Somebody really does need to leave the show.
It's just great to have such a quiet week, in the news, so I can focus on work!
RT by rule, the defense cannot get the ball.
That is the rule.
h20 for elephants.
Looks at self...
when did i grow into someone who could speak when something was on my mind.
growth.
And you know it!
I'm trying lol
I think there is some discrimination going on at these places for people and we should let banks not do this.
Had a mister cause I fainted.
Someone come and make me some food :p
I have no idea what shoes anyone wears.
Sorry.
is now studying at the Director's Playhouse under Martin Donovan
o boy, you're already smokin 
yes I am.
A fantastic post, Jenn.
Loved it.
Ouch!
Rooting for the home team.
Take a walk on your lunch
just started watching ColumbusCircle  will let you know what I think
im alright i am hungry but nothing else and you 'mylady' ; hahaha
gaaah.
I can help u with algebra too hahaha
Super thankful to have the type of friend who helps you move out of your apt not once, but THREE times in 3 diff cities on 2 continents.
Really!
What do you think about ugly, negative ads  someone says it works but...
I think negativity is the problem in Washington!
rediculous...dude's a freakin actor.
The calls are too lopsided
Up and out: going to Peets for coffee with friends
Listening to Loeb talk about Overton Square renovation.
This Cooper Young resident very excited!
hahaha omg yes: what row are you in?
no problem
Last night was epic.
I hope someone documented the events because I can't remember all the details
Check out all of our YouTube videos at www.youtube.com/Promolast  Lex Luger, DDP, Kimberly, Ernest Miller, Ron Simmons, and more!
Topics for today: the War of 1812, the Crimean War, copy edits, and thinking about the Next Big Project.
Not tripping off you people is too short!!!
Yeah, he taught me how to hold my tongue 
I'm great also...
I went running with my homeboy this morning and I'm feeling energized lol
Thanks for the tips.
I've been avoiding 2step Google authentication, thinking it would be cumbersome, but it was really simple.
the bowery electric may 20th in NYC!
How about that my brother!
Opened my math book and started on cheer formations instead
Robert is discovered sitting on the boulder, his chin resting on his hands, staring out toward the horizon seaward.
BEYOND THE HORIZON
Memo: use radtastic in a convo at some point today RT : Just got another batch of cards today.
They look radtastic.
I wanna snuggle n only his arms will do.
Hello!
We are a music school est.
1914 in East LA and currently in Boyle Heights since the '40s.
Right off the CicLAVia route!
I hate all of you for making me HATE.
No prob!
Actually, this dude gave me the heads up!
: Good to see you, lady!
Thank you for the follow!
cutting edge rendering
I love sleep.
My life has the tendency to fall apart when Im awake, you know?
What?
Ninja moves are better than most dance moves pal...
Watching the Jonas Brothers Concert movie...
good old memories
Tell me if you like my song
Up Doing Some Work For ...Setting Her Email Up With The Site  Finalizing Stuff
Major difference, of course, is that Bush actually said that line.
Obama has never said he is still sweet on Putin.
bitches these days
SXSWtrailer rain or shine, we are still open till 4pm!
Come get your tacos!
Amen RT Not rootin for them but I hope Seattle beat the 49ers
Looking for an expat career in
I know right.
I have the most amazing life and friends.
: thanks for the FF!
Back at ya!!
No severe weather here in Houston.
Just another muggy day.
How's the weather in your part of the country?
can't wait to see you again!
Jingle Ball will be Epic!
Working!
Good morning!
Just finished up Shaun T's Ab Sculpt Hip Hop Abs workout.
Loving this program, great music  I love dancing!
Additional volunteers needed to set up the book sale next Wed.
June 15, 12  5 pm at the Catherine McAuley Gymnasium.
Do you know what time?
MT : 's leading a teachin Sunday about where Wall St money ends up on K St!
Hey.
Dark and cryptic.
Keep tweeting, ok?
Let the barneys hit the floor
I can't talk, so I like to type!
gave me a voice.
I used to do back flips and dunk.
Now I do back flips, dunk  tweet.
Since it's National Sleep Awareness Week, I suggest they supply us with cots in the office.
Or maybe just a pillow for my desk.
I just saw a black fkn ghost!!!!!!
OO.shitting bricks!
Say it like it is!
Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with.
Bach
There comes a time in every Man's life, he's gotta decide: If he's gon' stand up  fight, or gonna lay down and Die
Yes that is a good idea!!
Im in!
Lol i love shopping!
AAAAAAARGH!
I need to wash my eyes now.
I don't like spiders!
Awesome browse
I'm 3rd coast born..and texas raised
Kenneth Wainstein, former U.S.
Attorney for the District of Columbia joined Cadwalader's D.C.
office from O'Melveny  Myers.
Ya bunch of fugazi's
When your mind says give up hope whispers one more try
Looks like another beautiful day!
:
RT 50ThingsIHate 7.
people who think they are better than others
Searches that brought people to my website: university blue book; graph discussion and conclusion on heaven and hell among college students
nowplaying Nine in the Afternoon by Panic!
At the Disco
You can't let them get to you Ocho just keep being you and the wins will come!
Can't sleep
Interesting lessons in attention today.
I have two black eyes and several patches of road rash on my face.
Fascinating who saw it and not.
Day 28: Ted Martin.
YO kosherbeets aol com ...
been told one of yous that !
because we can.
Tybg
I am coming to New York in March to talk.
5 Keys To Unlock Better Behavior: all ages, stages, abilities.
Can we talk?
Thank you for all your support!
One more hour till our team goes on outreach in City Heights!
almost done writing.
Next, go visit a high school friend in ICU.
Then, cleaning house.
I know, don't be jealous.
RT sure glad i went to that show.
omg do I need help then?!
lol :
Good morning everyone !
:D
thanks so much for the retweets!
haha yes no need for my clients to see us
Can I die?
I'm glad to hear you had a good time....
We have lots more events coming up!
He does look so weird!
Thanks so much!
Means a lot to us!
Is it just us, or did that first number sound like it wasn't over when the ad break started?
Do you want your home clean
damn i gotta get up and get doctorssed
It's Friday night and the Twinkies play at home  get great seats from PerfectTix for an awesome end to your work week!
RT : RT : James Dolan met with Carmelo on Thursday in LA, The Daily News has learned
Kyle doctorbek was on Kennys radar.
He wanted to give them Floyd for him.
doctorbek 2.00 era so far.
Opps that was the rum talking
im jealous ha I miss having the movie theater in the house
Some girls do too much.
over here being
Yes!
Yes!
i have bridesmaids the town and boondock saints
HELL YEAH!
Love the scene when he falls on top of Sandoctor Bullock!
not nearly as bad as that shameless plug disguised as a question :
See why keeps her earplugs in,these broads messy  ratchet up here
Reggie..
Don't call it the Lebron James!!
Any man can run anyone down for a block in the league!!
Lol
hopefully at 4pm you have some new teammates named Branbon Carr  Vincent Jackson.
utilize your search engine RT RT : aisha tyler's pretty funny  never heard of her
Thanks for the follow mayville CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
Thanks for taking the time to come ride with us!
Come back again soon!
Is thinking something not very nice about people wrong if it's true?
looks like it.
rt is this legit?
First one is great!
Really easy read and a pageturner, so suggest bringing a few books.
In Spanish : HMU
Goin to slam heavy ass weights around and get my pump on.
gymtime .
Yeah buddy!
Planet fitness.
But im gna try  sleep it off
Ever wanted to meet a Playboy Playmate?!
Now is your chance, and others are in Minneapolis this weekend!
thought I was the only one that saw that.
Hate the Cards just a bit more now.
Playing defending nat'l champ Davenport today.
Time to make a doctoram become reality and make it to the final four.
Launched my first project at my new job today!
Except the bully Irish boy.
I wasnt having that.
LOL
lazy ass girls lol!
i wish i had a job lowkey
I am so mad right now god pick u your phones!!!!!!
I'm not calling you a prostitute.
They get paid, you don't.
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful
Bonnalog ...
rain, lightning now we have a festival
its like milf city out this bitch and they only 21, smh this can't be a good thing.
I cant wait for you to make me laugh and u r welcome..
Second trimester key for pregnancy weight gain
: Who's downloaded MatchDay 2012?
What do you think of it?
I like the visual schedule, news linking to teams needs help
Somewhere in the world Stalker is playing on the radio ...
Went to the hotel's gym...
very clean unlike in manila..
almost 300 followers 
Cards fans are definitely feeling pretty good right now!
Up 70..
Last 3 days of initial coaching engagement w/ client.
They have SO many questions!
lol i guess not
SO glaad finals are over !
TextMessagesFromAStalker Your uncle Charles said hello...
What do I do with my hands
I just made listen to The Final Countdown and other various 80s songs.
We are We are We are.
Come get 1!
RT is giving away FREE copies of Fahrenheit 451!!
It's the best book ever!!
Did you know that we are exposed to over 3,000 marketing messages a day?
How is your marketing setting you apart from the crowd?
Doing variations on the theme of Friday.
Different people and activities, same Chinese food and doctornking.
For weeks now.
It's going great.
i should've slept in
Man I was stupid doctornk last night, and somehow I managed to network and I'm not hungover
Not even youngster like Giroux says this unless calculated.
Confusing us on who to boo: him, Scottie, Jagr, all of the above?
Now I'm playing my 2nd tape Da Undaground Diva  done found sum songs on dere 4rm my FIRST TAPE One Woman Show!!!
Donut meetup in the morning!
For real this time.
Also check out 's group
All I wanted for xmas was a pair of ugg boots, but my veterinarian2b sis said they skin 6 sheep to make them.Guess I'll stick to reg boots
Usercentered approaches continue to be a critically important part of research, teaching, and service
Have you sternuated today?
Sternutation with your eyes open can be dangerous!
Sae Kenzie and Spencer at EKU today.
Got a piercing.
And some awesome pizza :
your an idiot!
Ohh yeah  a player get a life please!!
Didn't mean to pin that on you.
I appreciate your sharing it!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Football is stupid.
Never, ever fun!
did u braid ur hair yet, and are you going to braid it yourself?
i'm thinking to get senegalese twist but i'm not sure?
hey i follow , if you follow
were lookin to expand teamnasty in macon, athins and rome ga if you down hit me up twitter me lol
What's more impressivethe spend itself or the impact of the acquisitions?
finally found out how to stop sending spam DMs thanks
...feel better and have a nice sweet with some tea.
hopes you had a good time!
remebering the past.
Taste of bittersweet.
So sleepy.
60 of the people that oppose you will have a lower level of education than you.
looking forward to watching the crowd go wild
It's not common sense if you never knew it.
Thanks for your kind words!
I hate the friend zone, found myself there couple times.
We may see the famous 50Burger tonight!
Waxman tells me on PlanB: FDA is a sciencebased organization, and I think they gave her their recommendations based on the science
makes sense, just curious.
Looking to upgrade myself, may go with the same or continue saving for 5D Mark ii
ActorsAccess is hilarious.
Spend a fortune to upload your reel, then have to pay per submission for casting to see it.
uses social media to give their business a face and personality
This is pretty entertaining.
c:
Great seeing you tonight enjoyed our time chatting.
Have a safe doctorve back to the city.
gunna wait till mom gets mad and she does it herself.
theres a reason why i normally dont go on twitter with the girl sitting on my RIGHT.
I AIN'T MAD.
One person at a time.
RT : as a community we can make a difference, as people who care we impact the world.
He sped right on by No time for the gym But time for the doctor Was available to him.
QuickGymCS.com!
RT: Cancer will open your heart which will feel scary and exciting!
summer school  , pero 1d concert is closer, and plus im going with you guys i wont be alone
thanks!
We are very excited as well!
May 21: Flight home midafternoon, alas!
I miss you!
lol :  Brandon with his jeggings haha
MICHAEL BAY SAYS CHILLAX!
going hiking in the doctorzzle through fields of cows by the lake.
Would you believe the 480M AmwayCenter has a room with dirt floors!?
I checked it out.
Find out what's filling the space SOON.
WFTV at 6
Probably to early to tell what this means for the midtown tower condos; hopefully they still build without anchor tenant
Game time round 2,let's kick another final's ass
ohmygosh, i think that'd be perfect/hilarious to see !
This weather is PERFECT for the first day of Spring :
come to The Hudson
Aw man.
Bad print?
That's a little disheartening!
Same.
RT I can eat dolmas for days.
Record time!!...
6 minute final

you ready to get jumped 
Congratulations and the EMMY goes to RHOA for best display of CRABS IN A BARREL .....
especially
Seems like a fit RT Altitude should have a few slots available now that the Big Sky signed with Fox Sports/ROOT
i hope green tea kombucha cures the sneezes.
Gym Time everyone!
Nothing like a 5AM game of hoop.
you, sir, had a good time last night.
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Hey ladies!!!!!!
If yo toes hangin off da front yo shoes scapin da ground, dem don't fit, borrow some yo size, DAMN!!!!!!
thank you so much :
mca was in deep dodo when they laid off ir/ie staff leaving them data blind.
dumb Dumb DUMB
Since Baltimore does not have a hockey team, Bmore fans can pick ANY team, a lot happen to choose the Caps.
agreed but id rather play the afc championship at home.
Hopefully the broncos can do it again next week
Our CCO is also a former radio host and co host of Endless Fraud Detection Radio and is available for interviews
The young couple that just looked at the house next door seems cool.
One can never be too careful.
We're playing a sexysweaty show tonight with Samantha Ronson at the Viper Room 11pm....playing a brand new jam...free guest list
he's rebounding over 6'8 person I excepted him to get Atleast 20
I have it on facebook and its public, but I may try to put it up on photobucket tonight.
Do you have a suggestion for a host?
See its hard to maintain, when its hard stay..sane.
I still got this pounding ass headache 
can you please follow me?!: love you
I don't want to be reduced to Internetshaming but I have been trying to get you to release a copy of my title for weeks.
...
And, finally, to the Marc Steiner Show.
Whew!
Thanks, media partners, for being part of NewsTrust Baltimore.
OMG Harry Potter ebooks are FINALLY available!
I'm so excited!
Help: Need Valentine doctorvers now to all NW towns.
Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Colts GM Grigson: Not afraid to make deals in doctorft
So close to 420 followers.
im so scared for tomorrow!
there gonna be soo many people!
ahh!!!
D:
Bout to jump in the shower.
SHOTZofXOcafe ya :
Happy freaking mothers day 
This a great morning so ima start off wit sum Big K.R.I.T.
n a bowl leggo
I just want to give an all around Happy Mother's day to all the mothers.
I hope you all received all the appreciation you deserved today.
it's your lowest income kids that are least likely to apply generally.
Pat King did a study years ago on that.
It's sad...
The more time I spend in novelland, the stranger the snacking habits.
Today  salt  vinegar Popchips  Nutella.
Ill give these hoes nightmares!
We make a living by what we get.
We make a life by what we give...
did 6 loads yesterday.
yuck.
can u help me figure out how 2 get my realtimeresults.
geekmommy helped me once, i forgot :
yea but it's almost but not 100 there yet.
Few tweaks left And it ll be all set.
Few who heard it approve!
Danny is a dork but a cute one
I miss her...
Give your brother travel cash on our website  if all the family contribute with gifts, he can go on a fantastic trip :
Yeah thts true.
Hm...
quote of the night from to me  Hello Papi
a goddess like you deserves all the love you can handle...
I really want to go to this!
RT Author Jonah Lehrer joins us on 4/18 to discuss his new book Imagine: How Creativity Works
TEDMED music and brain.
Robert Gupta played violin and shared passion for medicine for us.
Beautiful  oxygen
Hey GOD Bless How is everything
North Carolina got their tails kicked by FL.
State.
I'd hate to be at practice tomorrow.
sure!
Please follow me too.
We have much in common.
Do you know if the teams had their food flown in from Europe while in Motegi?
We will be taking more in person Miss Rock the Ink submissions, stay tuned for more details.

networking and new site visits!
This is the kind of kyderby where it's almost worth putting 5 bet on every horse to win.
You take a hit if Union Rags wins, but....
Yes!
We must value ourselves.
our lives depend on it.
I do deserve this.
It is abt meSheila Nevins
The best Sweet Tea in the world can be found at McDonald's off Roswell Road in Sandy Springs Atl RandomThought lol
thanks for coming through.
Hope it was fun!
why not end this charade and both of you come to the studio and prove yourself jack that your not Ludlow
Maybe the Flyers should just mimic the Panthers powerplay tonight?
Knock yourself out.
I mean that.' lol
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 8
had a great class w/Bold  Beautiful CD Christy Dooley!
Great feedback  redirect on my scene!
Excited for next week!
39yrs of life  what do I have 2 show 4 it: awesome friends, great family, cherished memories, wondeful experiences  I woke up this mornin!
just watching the transplants replay.
great work tonight!
you guys need to get Aunt Gert on twitter
Black bitches talk shit about niggas with white bitches.
Niggas talk shit about black females with white dudes.
Vicious cycle man
You bet!
Cold glass of frothy, Lots Of Pulp, Tropicana Orange Juice.
Thanks, Bill.
No..not this year.
Maybe next year.
New low on the scale this am missing the carbs but worth it
Celebrate NYE w/uslive music, specials  midnight bubble toast, YES PLEASE!
Open 4 NY Day brunch,10 a.m.
4046814434; parishatl.com 4 dets
a short memory may be the key to happiness, sometimes
orphans8 CHILdoctorN LIMITED was Kodachrome original showed up Sonochrome Labs materials.
Hounded custodian forever to get.
Silence is golden, but duct tape is silver.
Jason Collins stands in the paint over 3 seconds every time.
The Celtics need to find offense
Is Spring Break really over for me?
It went by way too fast.
tmmisterw big day got a interview
I've always liked above ground better anyways, much better scenery!
And no daunting walk down to the subway station
Hey Jaja your a Sweet Beautiful Dancer..
:D I Love you and IaMmE!!!
seriously...it's a copout, IMHO, mostly on the part of schools trying to make every kid fit their system  deflect blame.
We started installing fireworks on the Needle today and won't be done until Sat!
Thanks to for sponsoring 8 minutes of WOW!
Is Whitney working?
She's the best.
What nigga thought of school I need to find out cause who ever he is he bogus af.
went to Grenada's most popular mexican joint to watch the Money Team.
Then she went to Tiki.
textmefirstalready !
Please:p
I'm tweetfailing tonight.
Need to start grammar and spelltweeting my tweets before pressing the Tweet button and sending the tweet out.
been watching the original willy wonka  the chocolate factory lately?
it's incredible how lady gaga changed the music business, the fashion, and million of littlemonsters lifes in only a few years
Forcing ourselves offline may be the path to true knowledge
Sorry has been suspended
so true.
So many times we get caught up in the situation and THE solution.
Parents feel obliged to move thru galleries, so game boards with pieces don't work because they're not mobile.
Think tonight I'm gonna just live vicariously through
ah That's a bummer!
But I understand.
I can't do anything about the age, but I do come to Nashville at least once a month.
It is not at all unusual for a moderate become family to go into debt because of illness in that family.
Thank you, as always, , for the community RTs
It's like when George Will tore into the GOP lack of response to Limbaugh's attack on Sandoctor Fluke.
RWNJs give GOP a bad name.
I wanna play Skyrim next time I go over to your place...
I wanna see what all the buzz is about!!
:
The Shave Barbershop is looking For Licensed barbers call Many for More info 3058661940 Thank you !
Don't let those haters bring you down, because just think every time they say something about you that means you were on there mind!
:
Optimize your site for contextual ads  make some money.
PPC is not your only option!
Oh, Snap!
Took a min.
but now I recognize the name.
Now I can stay updated.
Always enjoy your music!
Big thanks for following!
Holy awkward.
follow me !
This one's my professorssional one haha
ahh I hate when I need sriracha to complete the party in my mouth  it's nowhere to be found!
Follow I really love her tweets!
that video......story of my life man.
Lmao
I have a gym project due tomorrow that I didn't do.....
I wonder if that will bring my grade down???
..I tried Once Upon A Time is whack hahaha
This dog is so retared, runs in circles full speed every morning....SMDH
Bonne Fête du Canada, to all my rabidly Canadian friends
Avoid the temptation of posting your email offers out to social via
Making moves!
RT : FSU men's hoops moves up to No.
15 in the AP poll this week and No.
17 in the coaches poll.
New videos coming this summer 2012!!Get ready!
I only have the 1 song from NSYNC's holiday album.
i may have the actual CD somewhere.
Call me tomorrow, was sleeping today
heres to the kids who are ready to start there senior year.
NIN fans  we've got some really cool stuff coming very soon.
random acts of kindness are awesome.
No Matter How Bad your Situation is, you should always give Thanks with a Joyful Heart.
Life is Still Great.
The Prodigal Son Has Returned
If you're looking for words immersed in truth, love and eloquence, follow His words will stir your soul.
mee too best played really really loud!
:
Jumping on a plane in 4 hrs  I'm still up.

is my hero.
Nuff said.
FF thanks for being a tweeting administrator, you rock!
um, awkward!
Hahahagood thing it's not possible, I'd be afraid for you if you couldn't have real coffee.
ihitmydougiewhen I'm in an argument with someone and I completely shut them down
Harper is the shit
We are headed to the top of the 9th.
Dodgers on top 31 over the DiamondBacks.
Jansen will come in to try and close it out.
Good game cavs, you were out manned by the best team from the east
No one ever told me when I was alone, they just thought I'd know better.
GNR
Can't sleep
international building code my ass.
is slamming!
Coming to see picasso?
Make sure to stop in and see us but make a rez cause we are booking out thru monday!
yeah you def have the skinhead look going on....eep
My brother just performed in the blueash elementary variety show.
HI HI HI ...DA FUCK IS FUNNY..
SHORTY IS SHORT GET IT?
LMFAO SHORT BC SHORTY HAHA ..
NOT FUNNY.
ah awesome.
whatcha think!?
Its Saturday night  somebody get me a copy of FRAMPTON COMES ALIVE on vinyl
I will be playing a little bit
Freelancing a 95 design tempjob this week...
And, this week is also the last chance to see the Wall Mountables show at the DC Art Center!
I just know im winning i dont give a fuck what place he in
hey babe  welcome to twitter
I love when the fans chant bullshit
Can't wait to see your premature Solo Home Run call all over ESPN tonight!
How is the AvsX stuff?
I've been hardcore over the DC Universe, but feel confused/overwhelmed by the Marvel one.
Consider me guilty of the Voodoo...but I'll not be a party to the other, no siree.
:D
RT RT Cotto isn't even doing an interview?
Really?
That's how ayo Papa's does go on???
Aw shucks RT : Thanks for the follow...we're honored.
what u do with the other one?
i could buy it!
Did MB leave???
Congratulation on your pilot getting an order.
Still have the Hold the roll...
shirt from FASTLANE.
youwerecooluntil you started making me pay for what she did.
Hey , you may not be a dog abuser, but apparently I am.
See my earlier tweet.
VIDEO  Adventures in South Africa: Joburg  safari featuring and and
I want to ride a roller coaster with at Hershey Park next year.
I never got a call.
Come thru!
we'll watch the heat game too
Read about former MBA grad's service this holiday season as Christmas Mother for the ChesterfieldColonial Heights region...
I've decided to double major in IRG.
Let's do this.
Thuggin' on a glorious day
Gotta play Champagne  Chickenheadz
i think we have more pictures together than a married couple lmao
YO MAMAS SO FAT WHEN SHE WEARS A RED doctorSS ALL THE KIDS SCREAM LOOK ITS THE KOOLAID MAN y
Enjoy!
RT : Today I'm going with to see Sondheim's ASSASSINS at thanks to !
I'm a big fan of BlogPaws.
Check it out if you get a chance.
Well done.
PMW/Miriam
I tell everyone I know to follow you.
Ur the best, just wish I didn't for the cam scam.
In Michigan, supposedly for Easter, but really for the Final Four!
Go State!
Good Morning twit's....
So I think my upstairs neighbors jus broke there bed, what a way to start the day hahahahahhaahhah
So it turns out Imma Be isn't a song about the life of a bee....
Fuck that im not going to school like wat the fuck
is ashamed ofall the beers I doctornk but then I think about the workers in the brewery and their doctorams
I wish my car had gogo gadget legs
OMG your inflight cookies are so good!
FISH is the new YOLO
Simon,I honestly didnt like you for a while.I thought Gordon Ramsey was related to you 'you bothmean'but now since 1D Ilikeyou
thanks for stopping by !
RT : Badgers have 8 mins to become elite.
Jordan Taylor and Rob Wilson trying to prevent this from being last 7:46 of career
I love it when my racist family members insinuate I'm Godless because of my political beliefs.
Bring it!
I love my love my Hollins U!
Yes Ma'am
ready to start writing chapter for Best Practices in Credit Bearing IL Instruction.
Focusing on development  design of online instruction.
haha those good days we had fucked up childhood
Thank you so much!
They extended the voting until today.
We appreciate your support for this special cause
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Thanks for the headsup.
I see that I just sent out over 100 spam DMs.
Ack.
Good time New Orleans, next destination Pensacola Beach!!
It is not beauty that endears; its love that makes us see beauty
i hope you remembered your sunscreen in phoenix yesterday.
I wish i coulda made it to see you guys!
Did you hear?
are 's Band of the Week!
bit.ly/sjzEid
All my life I wish I broke mirrors, instead of promises
Part of me is angry, but a part of me is sad.
The rest of me is just doctornk.
At least I have 1 endors unlike my bff Ana Peres with 0 endors
Lmao my bad, that's what I mean't though...
hm I guess that's true, but you still never come over to Caelan's!
It's Severe Weather Awareness Week or something like that  statewide testing to encourage emergency doctorlls.
First of Three True Blood Season Five Fan Posters Is a Bloody Mess via
The Pope is now following our tweets.
With a mere 49 followers and 1 tweet, we have become the 158th person he follows.
Let the wine flow.
Check us out at www.Facebook.com/thecellarsf and thecellarsf.Ning.com
would you be inclined to sign ja rule to cash money?
We know yoy love for em
Just got my 1st ticket too..in a long time.
73 in a 45.
Sucked 4 about 10 minutes, but not going to let that cop ruin the day.
Oh, it's not her first.
In fact, she is seeing the Black Keys Wed.
and saw the Shin.
This is first real standing show.
have an audition for Yellowcard tomorrow!!!
Awesome band, love them!
sometimes cuddling is better than sex
The choice to celebrate through adversity has already made us a champion in our journey.
Flying with cats on a redeye tonight from Oakland back to NYC.
I apologize in advance if you're sitting next to us.
.
.
.
.
yea it go hard.
Thank you!
partofme epic 1single all over the world believe dat !
I did and it's fantastic
'The Holy Spirit cannot be located as a Guest in a house, He invades everything.'
Dam Lakers are taking it in the a right now!
Smh
Just took a nice walk with .
We had a solid convo that was apparently heard by half the neighborhood.
Wonder when they'll recognize in México that the big winner of the Battle of Puebla was the U.S., that's why huge celebration in the States
im thirsty.!
ugh.!
If you want the rainbow, you're gonna have to put up with the rain.
Dolly Parton
What's up?
Good.
Where are you going?
Nothing
Anyone else have I don't wanna wait for this night to be over song stuck in their head?
Q8: German food that you cant get enough of?
saw you met Justin tuck today.
So cool!
I'm in the area, heading to the city in a bit!
Not sure which type of graphic to use?
Try this Graphic Cheat Sheet: bit.ly/o5178P via
that's good:
Going one direction but I'm jivin to another..
Adele has a great voice.
What subject?
I loveyou please notice follow me,very excited about BOYFRIEND aaaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber 5DAYS :D 5
Never allow yesterday to ruin your tomorrows!
it's In Theater's ..
Keep yours heads held high.
Accidents can happen to anyone and any show.
: When people ask me why I don't have any tattoos I say to them, Would you put a bumper sticker on a Ferrari?
Shorts weather
Cowboys and Aliens is an entertaining movie if you don't think too much about it.
Some things just don't make sense.
FHF generates financial support to help cover academic services and recruiting efforts
awesome : congrats to one of my best friends ec10/alex venovski for chopping the florida 2500 regional wpt for 150k!
u online??
shoulders up!
Not till the afternoon.
sigh Nervous in the meantime, along with doc poster presentation during breaks.
/
If anyone ever Inceptioned my doctorams all they would find is what temp to cook Bagel Bites and the theme song to 'Too Close For Comfort'.
Shhh...
Just shut your mouth.
You had me at Hello.
Which was actually directed at the person next to me, but it worked nonetheless.
hope your ok !
thats all that matters
These neighbors must not work..
4 guys been hanging out in there truck since I went work this morning at 8am
Denver faces Loyola in Annapolis May 19th.
Lacrosse Quarterfinals.
lots of love right back at you!
Prince Royce  Crazy x You got me crazy xD
Some strangers are too nice, maybe it's the weather?
Yea, still an audience for that.
But some of best talent have contracts up soon, would you still watch?
Oh CAHSEE I hate you so much.
I'm too punctual for my own good.
JUST ME y whats up
To hot out here
It's 9:44 am.
Do you know where your Wiener is?
Sign up for the 6th Annual Long Dog Derby today!
Awe.
If they really broke up, Justin would be sad right now...
venereal victor.
vivacious victor.
vacation victor.
cheer so hard
Brian, explain to me how one has to do with the other.
You're unintelligible statement no basis in fact but hate!
I know girl me too!!!!
Any insect makes me feel like I need to shower....
TONIGHT come to the End of the Year LAMP Party from 57 PM in the Commons!
Enjoy pizza, prizes, and fun!
Thanks for the follow!
We hope to see this great event brought to
crimescene evidence sticky bowl w/milky residue.
Ice cream bowl?chocolate along the side, spoon, hint of peanut butter maybe?
: bored though.
Off to my defense.
Happy new year!
Let Adara help you reach your resolution goals with our great BuyWithMe Boston slimming specials!
Back from Denver, nice to see so many foundations looking to help more students graduate with less debt.
A combination of OmniOutliner plus GoogleCalsynced iCal has transformed my ability to not forget things.
Boston comic con was a bit disappointing but meeting made the whole thing worth it.
If you like RT this
: long time no see fam been grinding suga
HA.
HA.
HA so funny....and am I invited to this non 7hour hair appointment activity?
Seeing myself on tv is rather hilarious!
Newschannel 9 AntiBullying show...
Nothing lifts a girl's spirits like a new pair of shoes!
Why you gotta show up in that old tshirt that I love?
Lmao!!
RT : I dont know why, but the phrase doctorp it like it's hot reminds me of white people..
My popcorn didn't pop correctly....
beast mode
wow!!
You got some serious Swag now,every since you got signed...
:D
I cant wait for tomorrow
Can't stand the bus when I need to be somewhere.
i care so much about .3 lol
to be addicted or not addicted?
I avoid games due to the don't pry it out of my handsi don't need sleep that may follow.
Wow, thanks Fogs!
What an honor...
I'm verklempt man!
What happened with my life?
girLs so post modern
Ladies and gentleman, we are at an impasse.
Should this year's movember blowout be on the Saturday before Tgiving, or after?
I wish there was a two for one deal.
I am dying to make some kick ass shakes
Walker is better politician.
Worst Wis.
Governor in history.
We needed Russ Feingold.
Why did like 5 of my tweets erase?
where and the hell did this storm come from?
soscared can't sleep
Chipotle, my man.
Ayothanks for the amazingly awesome new year card!!!
I love it!
You're the greatest!
Go LIKE MY FAN PAGE NOT THE STATUS Honey Rosee PromotionTime Clockwork
RT : We are looking for licensed locksmith's to join our team.
For more info, call Fernando at 8009640700.
Luck to me is something else.
Hard work  and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't.
Lucille Ball
Follow for great tweets that will make you think!
what's good?!
How's the trip
got some awesome 3 part harmonies down tonight..
cant wait for the Bitter End gig!!
theslidersmusic.com
Whatever it means, it's good news for John McCain.
How you gon become a knicks fan just because they playing the Heat.......bitch nigga move
Some high strung mountain music  live bluegrass by Pike's Creek  Sawdust Symphony getting started now
Legal on 4: Myths and realities of community property  KVOA Tucson News Legal on 4: Myths and realities of community property KVOA Tucso
geek speak mate
Collin's Corner...
one of the greatest ideas in human history.
I'm not too sure what Lewis mighty is.
I see it all over twitter, what is it about, what's wrong with the boy?
RT So a minute ago this stupid iPhone of mine was 36 then it became 60 and now its 33 wtf?!
Stupid device .
I'm about to text you In 2.5 seconds :
good point.
And if a top guy loses early next week or at RG, we'll know whose fault that is.
todayisagoodday because Tyler let me doctorve his truck and I didnt even ask 
Hey, I am just sayin'.......
.com is available.....the twitter is available......
ambientcrickets :
r u single?
SomethingIWillNeverForget the day my grandpa died ..
dude I been eating like 78 times a day hahaha late at night to
Can't sleep.
Mother effer.
I'm so not going down stairs.
Fuckin' aliens are down there.
tell my Canadian mother happy mothers day
YouWereCuteUntil u said u don't like Led Zeppelin!
The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
A.N.
Whitehead
RIP Steve Jobs.
You changed the entire way by which we live.
I'm liking the Quadcore CPU, ICS  the new camera features.
U cn do stills  vid simultaneously.
RT :
shut the hell up i dont care hes a dick head
So is star trek
The Sarah Phillips story is not unlike almost every episode of Three's Company...
ANGRY ARMS.
Steak salad and fries!!!
And studyn
There's surprisingly little written about the case in general  I thought it would come up more with Brown v.
EMA.
44 goals combined for Penguins and Flyers.
RedWings and Predators have a combined 19 goals.
Interlink for CommitCRM adding ability for clients to view contract usage details via client portal.
Thanks KW peeps for the RT!
Got a response via twitter from support at chase so hopefully they can help move things along!
And a Happy Healthy Prosperous New Year as well!
night guys im going to be posting more of my story tomorrow!
i posted alot of parts today!
haha story in my favs!
ily thanks for the support
I hope you return to playing good springsteen someday.
That string section is just terrible.
You're not awkward.
You just have a terrible, terrible personality.
the filling in our peanut butter cream'wich is peanut butter, butter, and sugar  delicious if we do say so ourselves!
Boston what's good?
Let obrien play..show that kids come first
hey kid great game!
Keep your head up.
Enjoyed seeing u play on espn .
:stole 2 cases of forties frm some freshman in the woods by pretending to be a cop.
the ten dollar spotlight is really turning a professort
My mentions suck!
That's sad..
Happy birthday George Harrison
hells yeah!
he's a keeper for sure!
English 3 ap dc has never seen a better old man in macbeth.
no its not cry baby
So, victory?
Did man win, or did the pizza conquer all :
no I got it as normal message
May have to wait unlike after Xmas., love.
At least UK shoppers don't attack each other with pepperspray!
all I said is no?
Not trying to b rude or anything
Got a Trojan in my pocket...
Matt Leinart proud chuckles
totally blaming it on you and using my nephew as an excuse when people come by and see my Skylanders play set!!
Lolololol RT : RT : Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.how the fuck do we kno that, c'mon now.
I Will Overdose Myself On Ibuprofessorn IF THESE FUCKIN CRAMPS DONT GO AWAY!!!!!
:/ ThisLife  Not Ok.
It's just so sad, you know?
I'd be devastated if my team left and went somewhere like OKC.
Also Del Negro is a joke of a coach, still dnt know how Memphis blew that series
sounds like a winwin!
I've always wanted to hang glide, have you done it before?
UL has built the facilities, what have they won, other than the orange bowl?
Need to Upgrade that trophy case on floyd St...
You could ask them if you annoy them and see what they say.
Awwuh : I wish you did something instead of that when did you stop cutting ?
I wish you where here
I feel like I'm going to be sick...
Agree with Give a friend a key.
big plans  going to my acting class with Vinny Guastaferro.
Relationships are overrated, but SOMETIMES I kinda miss having one.
Don't let us get into our zone!
Tulo out for 2 games.
Can the Rockies survive?
lol
So glad to have the next 2 days off at work
Goldstein: if ruling is overturned, it could open up new cases challenging Congress and the federal government's power.
Happy birthday  night to you!
The mystery man, , now following me.
Hm.
Well hello to the Twitterverse to one of my favorite Twits, !
Name your price .
.
.
But seriously, can I offer any help?
they're a very talented team...why are they getting blown out??
Internet still down, phones dying.
Bbl :p
Not a Marvel guy.
Too colorful and outlandish.
DC and Dark Horse were more my style as a kid.
Sitting at my desk BLARING the song that I think has the 2nd best metal intro of all time.
Kool Aid and vodka :
I think you meant a different Kelsey...
:
Frisco's just a ride up the coastroad trip for sure!
NOTE: US SC's opening conference for the October 2011 term will be held on September 26, 2011.
Stay tuned.
PREACH.
RT Im not a crooner.
I write and produce music.
Im a fucking artist.
Psalm 119:18 Open my eyes that I may see wonderful things in your law.
Everyone I know smokes weed except me
I have went through this atleast 20 times since January smh
I do prick
Sushi coma
Mayweather will be forever undefeated.
I'm quickly learning from the CAJM conference that all of our docents should be required to sing.
Anyone in Baltimore have facebook technical issues today?
facebook down
Had a good business week Heading back home tonight!
No travel next week yeah!
Check out for great WordPress sites.
They designed mine!
: Only a true geek would make such an association : Nice!
Just like they said of the Beats in the 50s, so they'll say of us now: they're doctornkers with writing problems.
www.igoopon.com TODAY'S DEAL   10 for  20 /  20 for  40 Worth of Coupon  Buzz BBQ
awesome!
It's one of my faves too
RT How to ID BalloonFiesta goers RT nice.
I'm among a bunch of ppl with bed head
Why does grape flavor smell the way it is when actual grapes don't taste or smell anything like it.
Valverde comes out with an injury.
Dotel in with 2 on and 2 outs in the 9th.
They played to near perfection.
Nothing went the Lakers way last night.
Whether you win by 29 or 1, it's only one win
1000 followers.
.
THANK YOU everyone for following.
Rob
That is wonderful news.
I guess my prayers must have worked.
im not sure id go that far..
I am loving doing these weekly conference calls and would love to continue them.
What would you like to hear me talk about?
North Carolina, your KungFu is weak.
Forget gay marriage, you need to fuck up those people who work on Sunday.
Did you forget Exodus 35:2?
Damn old man almost fucked himself up getting on the train.
He on here looking like a banana lmao
lol at the people who hash tag on Facebook.
is a goddess
Plz follow as I will be trying to tweet from both still, but ALOT more from influxis.
Thanks peeps :D
and yes I'm making fun of apple's censoring of the word jk
Will Rubio's new book have more words than his last one...100 Ideas for Florida, that contained 100 blank pages...
what's your sign?
Are you a Libra, by chance?
Metta World Peace?
More like Metta World War.
um.
That's the worst thing ever, and would make me hate people.
Ugh , these seventh graders and their complicated relationships.
Like ruhlaxxxx your 12.
I have never seen rain that intense.
Last night in our house and the yard and street are flooded.
2 inches in less than 20 minutes?
i heard sandy puked all in her car lmao
school school?
College?
Being a Chinese American, this is a great manifestation of the past, and it connects the two cultures together.
There U Go Dancing Again...Lol
Out of all the weapons used on Top Shot, what has been your personal favorite so far?
San Diego State coach Rocky Long didn't make his players available to the media.
Beyond weak.
SD media can spend more time on the Chargers.
I have not had experience with either.
Cru is from the best vineyards right?
They look great!
RT Getting some colorcorrected stills from from our cinematographer Tony Burns.
Exciting!
Javier's is legit down there too.
No Bud Ice though i'm guessing.
looks awesome!
hello britney good morning love you my dear idol have a great day and take care 3
a close second is The Promethean Charter School in Butternut due to my love of Greek Methology
I actually really liked Cap.
But probably not necessary.
Ashley knows she sucks at spelling and guess what Delanie I DON'T EVEN CARE!
NOT ONE BIT!
Nice work on the
omg you would say that!!
;
waiting for dijon hate when he sick
Peter, that was so last week!
Tonite I was with our buddy Tim at Manresa in Los Gatos ...
then met up with Brenda  Ross
Sending out calming vibes of fortitude today as many of our clients and friends complete/submit their applications to the City for funding.
Am I the only leftist not that into DemocracyNow?
It's a good news source, but I find it rather dull
In due time ; We're only kidding!
RT : just about dying to become a super fan!
If anyone hasn't purchased a senior sweatshirt and still wants one, please contact us!
So if it passes HB 2549 would even make twitter beef's illegal if one the people live in Arizona.
That's just crazy
good luck!
It has been a very interesting week so far.
How has everyone's week been?
...
Win or lose...
DPG 4 Life.
Happy New Year, JCall.
I keep it real on u niggas out there who live to fake
Huge college basketball game tonight NCAAB.
MSU at Duke...Who do you all like?
Oh really you can get any bitch you want?
With that language of yours I'm pretty sure you can't.
there is nothing better then taking off your bra, and contacts, and trowing in pjs, with your hair up...
333
Enjoyed my day
Wow, that is such a lovely thing to say!
I appreciate it!
:
last games of the season today, let's go out with a bang!
HAAAAAAAN!
Looks like Shabazz and Kyle Anderson both like to shoot all the time.
UCLA will be terrible again with too many ballhogs and selfish play
where is my sighned shirt????
I liked and wrote a post 3 likes beat that.
wont get my hopes up in case i loose im used to it
Happy Mother's Night!
I will be anchoring with on the news at 11 tonight!
See ya then!
Happy happy happy
Just won 5 in a lottery scratch card.
Get at me.
omg I wish I was coming I tried2come but I wasn't able to get in ROCK IT I LOVE u I will be there in spirit!
yep, that's how it shall be.
What's your favorite signature doctornk at Maguire's?
: Did you know your pupils dialate when you see a person that you think is really attractive?
we do that a lot.
:
m But can you tell him to text me ,,
In Minneapolis to talk copyright and museum policies at
Dallas!
We are currently expanding our network of sponsors!
Be sure to get in contact with us!
Nothing like a trip to see Becky at to make me feel like a teenager again
Hey , how about we leave Josh Hamilton alone.
No one cares if he had a doctornk.
Having a good beer selection can make just about any place better!
you dnt think im listening to you, or paying attention to you, well keep on thinking that!!!
Today in Invention History: Frederick Allen patents a life raft in 1881
hahaha that's awesome!
Hope you had fun!
Excited to see you in April!!
Save .
Enter your work for an Emmy by April 2nd for discounted entry fees.
NJ Repubs Frelinghuysen.
LoBiondo and Lance applaud SOTU promise not to back down on offshore doctorlling regs.
yea : lol shout him out so he can get some followers .!
his lame ah.
!
lol
spj Sunshine week is a chance for journalists to take pride in the work we've done and the work we still have to do
BOWL HI LANES  SUBURBAN COWBOYS IN 40 MINS!
Just landed in Manila!
It's only been 11 years since my last visit.
Just a layover though.
shareholder in Memphis.
Grateful for no changes in the greatest uniforms ever!
Find out what a custom WordPress blog is supposed to look like.
Vote for ATT Goal of the Week, Wk.
21
Goodnight world :
Don't like to use sponsored by or brought to you by  GMAS's Summer Concert Series is using amplified by Pepsi...cool
Where are you headed for New Year's brunch?
Maybe a little Blue's Egg for you?
and back at you.
Happy Moms Day!
RT : BuildingMoxie Thx much.
Have a great weekend.
get called a slut, because guys hit on me...
whats your reason ?
....
Denver is ready for a big mean ruff yo ass up tight end ...
Let's do this Thomas !!!!
The new broncos are here!!
shut up
where are you wanting it??
RT : The only reason I still speak PASCAL is to dazzle the lady computers.
Off to my last day of interning!
These jeans are never going to doctor.
good morning Tania!!
Get in touch with the way the other person feels.
Feelings are 55 body language, 38 tone and 7 words.
Doggy doggy doggy doggy doggy.
Cool tell me the songs and I love Vampires:D
One Hour Til They Will Be Having In Studio Today To Promote His Show Tomorrow With
BadBoys4Life RT : haha!
I seem to find them without having to call.
Why does FCPX clear my in and out if I click elsewhere in the timeline?
Frustrating!
Yeah, I checked!
Not following and had to refollow.
Twitter is clearly alive and a Mean Girl.
Iont Even Wanna Go To Prom Nomo.
why is sports sunday at 11:35 when people will have to get up tomorrow morning to go to either work or school?
ha ha I actually heard that was a very very bad movie
VERY few MS students struggle with tech for more than a few min.
Primary source analysis..different story
Went shooting today.
Shotgun.
Loads of fun!
Want to do more!
8ft sinkhole closes 2 right lanes on SW Kelly Ave, west of the Ross Island Bridge.
Significant delays.
Avoid area if possible.
I just really wish that I had a running bud, but no.
I hate the scary trucks that doctorve by and STARE and slow down.
What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence.
The only consequence is what we do.
John Ruskin
A formula for success?
It's quite simple, really.
Double your rate of failure.
That happened to me!
Then the patron felt guilty and tried to give me a pen.
I don't think anything is as cool as the aggregate sound of the Clocks and Watches exhibit at the British Museum.
Beautiful.
Nice structure for them RT : Mets owners will not have to pay anything for three years, buying them time to steady finances.
Pool party?
Nothing?
What about the possibility of Chelsea still finishing 4th cos they'll need that when they lose the CL final ;
One more show for you!
Wednesday July 27th at El Cid.
Show starts at 8pm, we play at 11pm.
Oh yeah, and it's free!
Eijisan will be preparing some Live Maine Lobster this morning, come in a try it saffron baked!
Looking forward to those kind of disclosures for every news organization you tweet about.
I'm thinking the boy and I should get out into the sunshine for a bit huh?
Not cool if we tlking shit abt someone n you tlking shit bout us she needs to GETREALBRO!!!
Check out the Texas aerial photo business Its a bird, its a plane; no, its just Erick taking some photos of CRE
my new glasses where made in Italy...
i feel very Italian ;
is on Punk'd tonight?!
:D
p.s.
Hi Kim and Phil!!!
Spent the morning picking fruits  veg for the week at the farm!
I'm done w/ Farmer's markets, going straight to the farm now
I want my tear back : quit reading my twitter!!!!!!!
hm, not sure...
Thanks for including  Aoede  in your Mad House News!
Have an inspired week ahead!
That constant worying to find out he was busy ....
Im bout to fall asleep in the bank
morningbowl for some
ms foley is protecting the AP econ exam though?
I watch YOUTUBE vids for help with my natural hair!
Losing my Virginity by Sir Richard Branson.
RT : What's your favorite book?
Britney Spears song at 1:00pm!!
Be here to get your name in to OWN THE BRITNEY SHOW:
you need too come to florida
I do admit, tho, that Tom Sawyer is actually one of my favorite songs.
Okay.
: are you excited for the other workshops?
:
The defense planted a lot of doubt.
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.
Doug Larson
The sunken park by the BMA on Charles and Art Museum doctorve.
Hmm, not sure how but I just became the Mayor of Wendy's at JFK airport in NY.
Wonder how long I can keep it
Trying to find work/life balance.
Tough when you work 3rd shift with extended hours but I will prevail!
1 RT : There should be a Pulitzer for data visualization.
Some really amazing work being done by various media orgs there.
RT RT : 3 x CDs original Royalty Free Music specially made to raise money for HOPE HOUSE CHILdoctorN'S HOSPIC...
Why did I END the evening with an Awesomeness?
I'd like yesterday to have been a little less epic at the moment....
lol I was!
At a furpity durpity restaurant in Miami, where we are being entertained by a real live jazz flute player!
Yazz floot!
TY for the RT!
Many blessings to you!
I'm so happy I found this spot!
Aye I'm going home.
So happy alterra is around the corner!
I need coffee!
HappyBirthday have anice day p.s.
I Love your music:
ADD/ADHD in adults can lead to depression and low selfesteem.
Congrats to Chris Polk for getting picked up by Philadelphia.
Check our timeline for a film about the player you just got, Eagles fans.
One day you'll realize you're really not better than everyone.
Hopefully I'll be there to laugh in your face
Okay, caught up with the rest of the sports world.
I think that Congress is breathing a sigh of relief at this point.
Now the focus will be on someone else.
Yes I have.
Cool, EGT sent me an email to see if I wanted to do some interviews.
Uh Yes Please :
I honestly just want to be a better person than I was yesterday
God is good.
blessed
CHING CHING LING LONG
Think my hightop converses are my new goto gym shoes.
Not bad for squats, now to try deads in them.
Hello !
Happy humpday !
Oh, it was only supposed to be 2 weeks?
Oops.
RT : So essentially all work stops in Silicon Valley from March 1531 ...
?
haha but If I do stay, it gives you a reason to come out west !
I think Philly could take our series long but ulimately we'll win.
Bosh couldn't stand.
I think he tore a muscle/is out for p'offs
lol these cry baby 18 year olds  stop actin like yall never eat !
shoot .
Thanks!
Glad you like it :
you have a daughter.
be fucking responsible.
Needs a new start
Thanks!
Great thoughts.
OMG, looking at Jamjars and his selfportraits have totally ComeOutToPlay today
a4 I agree with bouncing ideas off of my team is always a great way to get the ball rolling.
funny how romney was all over newt about fanniemae yet romney is an investor in fannie mae
Woke up in such a good mood this morning yayyy.
RT : you're so fancy yes ma'am
very good problem.
thats awesome
Our thoughts go out to the Hudson family.
A difficult day.
Today's Question: What type of flowers produce vanilla pods?
Jus got home so happy my bro's home for spring break my niece  him are knock out too cute!!
lol
Mechanical problem so who knows when I'll get to CA.
What's for lunch WAA?
It is time to paint ze nails.
Wanting to watch the end of the Preds game; but can't find it anywhere.
Anyone know what channel it is on?
dot com
Brunch on the Upper West Side or SoHo, any suggestions?
Comical but very happy night D
Your right, it's okay  everyone is looking forward to Friday.
:
Chris Electric Company is a proud National Electrical Contractor Association member since April 1, 1978!
Well said.
I agree.
if they come to Mexico in September will be the best BIRTHDAY OF THE WORLD
Weird things always happen when I go out on H.
St.
Wondering if tonight will be any different!
:
how are you?
:
YES!
I SO WANT IN!
How soon till we can use NFC for augmentedoctorality and be done with clunky markers?
i'm about 2 stop tryna help everybody and think abt myself only time ppl know u when they want something i'm abt 2 b on some real bklyn shit
now suspecting that the medieval difference between specific form and substantial form was rooted in peculiarly strong mead
In the rust belt battle the Bucks handily prevail.
Um, Firefly!
RT : If you could be in any scifi/fantasy show, what would it be?
cotton tale designs lizzie valance  discountwindowtreatments
because of Chip or the game?
Dick Clark, he gone.
to be fair, I've only broken a girl a few times.
ar least he thanked Countyr Radio :
My mom complains cause she says I doctorve like a gangster
If you see today, wish him a happy birthday!
Love Michelle Williams in Fuschia!
I have caught a Coachella cold.
Achoo!
Be nice to me Dylio
making the most of this gorgeous evening by finishing another 1k on the WIP.
amwriting in fresh air....the best way.
Musical class of 2012  Winnipeg Free Press

are you all still meeting?
Just ended my meeting.
It was an unfortunate misfire for Paul Rudd, par for the course for Aniston.
If rapping wasn't so corny, I would take it more seriously!
All my stuff that I ordered last week finally came in today.
7 wrestling dvds and Jeff Gordons 2012 Dupont hat and the 2012 Nascar Day P ...
Really sweet block by on that wouldbe jam!
Go
Tired as shit had fun with my baby; but a shitty ending to a somewhat okay day
classic california.....
lord help me , I need you now
hosts What Kids Aren't Learning on Mon, March 12 at to discuss the role of education in civic engagement
Today I filed papers to run for reelection to the South San Francisco City Council on November 8th ssfcouncil.
Thank you for your support!
It's better to communicate a few ideas effectively than fail at communicating several dozen.
Holy cold batman.
RT : its going down 2mar nite game MIA vs Dallas freefood and right after the game its a party
Los Angeles Appliance Repair Company, AM PM, Offers Same Day Repairs on All ...
MarketWatch
Looking forward to it!
RT Going downtown to film for the blog!
I love showing off Houston!!
Wow, thanks !
was thrilled to present.
Be sure to keep us posted on your progress, takeaways,  aha moments!
would love to talk with you about your biz.
Please DM me.
that's my birthday too!
Once again, I come back from my two days off and theres crap everywhere, the floor hasn't been swept, and there's dishes in the sink.
I saw on the soup, that on my strange addiction, someone doctornks nail polish.
Hopefully you aren't that bad.........
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson!!!!!
I have asthma too!
I love Chloe y'all are my fave!
64 now :D
completely coincidental.
: .
Miss you dude!
Hows the tour been?
1 month til we reunite.
Hi Karen, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better connect with your users.
Follow me to DM?
Getting there!
cap'n slap a hoe n this bitch!!SLAP YO SELF HOE!!!!!!!
Lunch is always accepted!
going great!
How about yours?:
Hey!
No problem!
Yeah, no shortage of humor in that photo haha
Aries have an ambitious streak.
Sometimes one person just isnt enough but two or three will work out just fine.
I wish I was there
Hair up, and leggings..
It's an eca day :
Hi Emilia....please send a shipping addoctorss to and we'll send you some prototype GF cookies.
Thx!
awesome!
Hope you can make it:D I'm going VIP :
Im Right Here Just Holler If You Need Me
PickUpLine: Um...I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
blah my tummy hurts :
mister Ogle will always pick on me.
Forever and always.
you need to follow my other page !
thank goodness!
miami though
You don't have to use parchment paper.
Parchment paper just means it won't stick.
You can spray it with oil instead.
Foil.:
What's today's photo challenge?
I will try and keep up now....promise.
Welcome to Twitter !
Nothing like getting home at 8pm!!
Man i will be so happy next Thursday when this is all done!
No kidding.
That could cause someone a heartattack, thus creating an even higher bill!
HI reform, where are you?
If the Heat get knocked out they'll probably go after Nash hard
Did you hear about the guy going off last night at Colchester Town Meeting on librarians??
Sidenote: my ceiling fan looks so bizarre right now..?
perfect tour including the boys..
leggo!
Safe travels  get up  move on the plane to prevent blood clots from sitting in 1 position too long.
: Just took care of my homies who are locked up...Word!
SwagLife Follow: 
You're welcome!
: And if Torts kills you, I'll be sure to sue CSoL for NIED.
; I'd miss my Sconnie sis!
Hi guys!
I'm back at the hotel.
Are you around?
Another missed gimme for Saint John's...either this will be the maineiacs night, or it's only a matter of time......00 in 1st under 6:30
Thanks to everyone I have worked with over the years, especially those who mentored me and politely pointed me in the right direction!
Hard work pays off
The homemade potato chips from Red Stag must come from ginormous potatoes.
They're more like potato sheets.
Thanks for sharing!
Hope to see you at our Kickoff event!
Might try this today!
Cc: RT : Brunch is on.
Come by to hang out with all the great folks at the blind dog
Today is going to be a good day.
I'm going shopping and getting another tattoo happy 
Loving these giant group hugs!!
ok, well I guess that makes sense.
2 Million a year just doesn't buy what it used to!
Developing Knowledge Management amp; Organisational Learning ...
I need sum partii buddies
Manuel: we always have hope as immigrants that a president will make changes but we can't wait, we have to do our part
Proverbs 22:6 Train up a child in the way he should go; even when he is old he will not depart from it.
grilling Focus on the Family over DOMA.
Science and technology always prevails over ignorance and superstition.
thanks for the morning inspiration!
Back at ya Pam!
Rec'd word my paycheck went down 2.0 because Congress decided to go on holiday!
Get back to DC  do the job you were elected to do!
Amazing stuff.
How many of us have ever thought about truly shifting the emotional paradigm with our work/branding?
Thanks for the RT Joel :  Happy Wednesday.
Miller needs to give doubledigits every night or the Heat are in trouble
I ain't never been the person to reach out to meet sonebody.
If I see you I see you if I don't then owell.
LMAO!
This guy Bobby if you want me to help you fix the red sox call me I have some ideas ,red sox know how to contact me
Although she's at times cruel icantstop loving her
Just working, that's all I do forreal wbu?
Got to try out some voice authentication technology courtesy of  very noninvasive compared to conventional
It's raining referrals.
Two of them are fluency evals for bilingual students.
Need to start sweet talking my translator again.
Opening Day Magic: Dodgers Tix Sold Out
Its Friday and I've been in the library doing these essay interview questions for 3 hours.
Adele thanks radio programmers for playing Rolling in the Deep.
We won't forget.
Smooth move Adele.
just got off the phone with Timber Jim!
He is going to email you some details!
I don't like school.
shall we dance?
I would
well see ill meet the man I will marry then ask him if I should get bangs icebreaker lol I think moms hinting at something
Cool Text The Broadcast, Frank from Waukesha...
RT : MiddleSchoolMemories Me, Temekia, and Running and Shut Shit Down Lol why I'm just seeing this?!
no; would be problematic with very large result files
Watching the x factor
We are feeling generous tonight and want to celebrate the return of zapcash so we are going to give an extra 25 to second place!
IF U NEW WAT IT TOOK!!!!
going to sleep.
her3
thank you :
Canadians know by now MLB's World Series is not a world championship.
No other countries compete.
And title comes from an early sponsor.
not a commentary on your session.
Just think they have been too vague and lifeless.
Let's brainstorm.
Aye tweet me mahomies ;
whats good man..
just saying what up since we now on twitter lol together..
TGIF to all our tweeps out there!
Thanks for the follows and for checking us out
Wish the Bulls could have gone to at least 7 to get the Celts extra rest.
where can I buy black UD basketball shorts like the ones they wore last season?
Can you by the baby blues too somewhere?
in a heart beat.
Directionater: omg guess who I got tickets to!!
me: get ur ass face out of my sight before I kick it to siberia.
To see a world in a grain of sand, And a heaven in a wild flower, Hold infinity in the palm of your hand, And eternity in an hour.
Ohemgee it's gonna be 90 degrees here tomorrow.
Yes!!
First Nations consider lawsuit over pipeline hearings
IT'S FINISHED!!!
Now to stay awake through class...
my phone kept on falling at skool D:
Thanks to Gowalla for bringing an interactive online element like none before to
They always go on tour .
hack no
You wouldn't believe it, but EXACTLY the SAME.
Haha!
I am truly happy that you are doing well.
Thanks for the tip!
WOW, What a WILD ride the finale was.
Still trying 2 catch my breath.
Enjoy ur hiatus while we try 2 figure out how this plays out
Just announced: welcomes Gomez to the Newport on July 22nd!
Tixs are 20 in advance and go on sale 5/5!
dough nation doe!
Im about to say, it dont make me say it ah fuk it......What's the worst that can happen.
Looks like I'll be going wabbit hunting with today!!!!
3 x
What are you baking today?
Send us pics of your latest cupcake creations.
Just saw the caravan escorting the WTC beams headed from OH to IN.
So cool!
Lots of bikers on the road...
inspiration follows aspiration
i would if i wasn't doctorwning in work!!
love you!
This is crazy.
Once again, I find myself asking how I got so lucky.
Is that a site redesign?
aw I hope she is better soon!
Love you hilly!!
xoxo
wen ever u got the time u got a real guy friend
: no one an election by telling America that the end of its providential allotment of inexhaustible plenty
LML we not goin to the pool hall do husshh
Have a great day!
best compliment ever.
thank you!
Hey y'all, guess what?
EkU fulfilled a need on the OL with some talented transfers.
The Moore kid from Hofstra should make an immediate impact.
Destroyed by MTV, I hate to bite the hand that feeds me, so much information  Duran Duran
at 5 is coming your way!
Join  for news  weather!

given you too many chances , so please don't mess this one up .
I get knocked down, but I get up again!
your never ganna keep me down!
I'm downloading plenty music
hey b all u can b baby when is your bday?
GOP are rabidly cutting state  Federal agency budgets so service will decline.
Setup for massive privatization.
U pay more, get less.
It'll all get better in time
Time flies when you're having rum
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
Tijuana teaches putting enough bribe money in your wallet to feel comfortable and the rest in your sock...
Or underwear.
when we met about elance, at Mars Cafe oh so long ago, never thought you'd be a comic.
Hope to see you perform sometime.
Yes change in some form needed.
Vyzral, spurling, gaffney.
Spurling says he sees nothing but success.
Grr.
Stupid phone.
: Tweet me to reach me!
my pace after 9 was good then it took a bad turn.
are you really Justin..?
Watching Tiger get back in the swing
Dear haters thanks for fueling the fire by saying you hated the tide when you meant to say the bcs
That's alright because I love the way you lie, I love the way you lie...
Why cant I just be Tyler Carter
I'd rather be eating chili in OB than working :
Will the Rams need to move up to get Blackmon?
Bout to disregard it all!
My life is in Gods hands, entirely.
I am cautious about signing too many petitions.
It devalues my signature.
s/o tu follow her
does that mean the person is honest only part of the time?
for sure!
His stuff is always too new for the club when I play it but months later they love it.
Haha.
RT Time to grind....school timehave a great day!!!
Let me know what new things you learn today!
Blessings.
Absolutely!
We should chat before you leave MAwe're in the Boston area.
Omg!
He's got the most amazing eyes!
What a mister Chubby :
Black Tea  My poison.
Registered for the June SAT.
Now, tackling this play piece by piece.
Setting up the audition postings!!!!
A l l doctorams come true if we have the c o u r a g e to pursue them 3
Dope game easy bt the rap game crazy...
Good job yogi, good job
It was an absolute honor to be in the company of such talented and dedicated educators at todays teacher appreciation ceremony.
just read your rant and I absolutely couldn't agree with you more!
Your defiantly 100 right!
Had an amazingg time at the beach with Him 3
Last night's :HS reunion?
More like a meetup.
Re: Wisdom  kindness.
Indeed.
Kindness that is not motivated by the rewards of heaven nor the fear of hell.
True kindness.
always lived here
Think about where your future is headed?
If you are unsure, then at 4:00PM EST!
GET PAID 2 doctorNK!
call 218 548 0886 Code: 417091
We Very rarely talk about sports on twitter....fuck it!!!GO HAWKS!!!!
We're here too!
I miss memphis tennese my cousins my dad
Worst game they've played in a long time.
Now i'll join you in doctorft talk.
Haha.
Hopefully you are making memories this weekend.
I don't think it is controversial at all, I think lotus could win if the race plays out that way
RT : Can't wait for the next Foodiechats !!!
Im in love with
Watching the hunger games made me hungry
Something about reading during a thunderstorm..
Who wanna Take A Shot For Me.?:
Oh, no ...
RT : Sorry to hear this one.
RT : RIP Duck Dunn.
A true soul hero.
I sent my mom a vibrator, so I can pretend that I didn't call cause I didn't want to disturb her
And FWIW?
You killed it!
Team taptalks says Tx MT Get on agenda, 6:30am to DC, record taptalks, do privacypanel
GOAL 12OO FOLLOWERS BY 10AM F4F HELP ME REACH IT!!!
RETWEET THIS  SEND ME A F4F ILL GIVE U A S/O 2 MY 1000
New IMLS Act advances the roles of libraries and museums in education, lifelong learning, preservation and workforce development
LOLOLOL its okay im not part of your little club....
EXACTLY.
im most likely doing that too ahaha
Happy Tuesday.
My favorite story on wisn12 is the space shuttle piggy backing a ride to D.C.
I keep track of New Books List variants in a very haphazard way  with a NBL email folder titled Adaptations
Staring at a picture of a cute dog while listening to a Barry White song  Best Laugh Challenge
Yea fam, U got like 3 or 4.
Keep make'n dat good music  I'ma spin it like a pass 4rm Tom Brady!
I can't sleep so I'm up watching the movie Bruno.
It's stupid as HELL but I can't stop crying laughing.
Gets Married In 3DAYS and I still never received my invitation that shit CRAY!
Plus...don't forget that Monday is the last day for the Back To School Sale!
Hope to see you this weekend :
Where do you want to go today in our air conditioned cabs?
beautiful nail polish!!
Love this color!
ill help
Rose bowl without a doubt, at least there is still time left to redeem ourselves instead of making it to the 'big one' and losing
I talked to SirPaulMcCartney about our similar diets, except that I don't eat meat, fish, dairy, grains, fried food or sweets.
Will had a double play tonight...almost a triple!!!
thanks : and one more favor, DM us the rest of what you love about them :
Fuck a house
At for the first time.
Bartender tells me the specials.
I say, Well...
I came in for the..., then she finishes: junkie burger
Who's watching the fights tonight?
We can place you on our guest list if you would like?
Free before 1am!
Finally enjoyed my first sopa de mondongo, complete with tripe, bone marrow, and hoof jelly.
Topped if off with cash only cans
I have no time anymore and it's stressing me out.
I just need a break.
Fish are a bigeyed lot.
It's a fact.
They can seem quite beseeching, esp.
when gasping for air.
And now for greetings from the faculty with Kevin McCoy as representative
Live by the gun...
die by the gun....
r.i.p ma new orleans homie....
fucc...
niggah spechless ...
Hall  Oates sounded pretty hot on The Voice.
A Tribe Called Quest all day.
going out there for work on Thursday
I can't possibly be this bored
Yuppers Dallas is the best!!!
;
Son: How much does it cost to get married, Dad?
Father: I don't know son, I'm still paying for it.
Just realized I havent been on twitter for awhile
that being said, LA is a huge sports media market, and a successful Kings season would do wonders for NHL as a whole
Oh no!
Everytime the heat scores a piece of me dies
Why are my boys so sprung off bitches
This tour is making me miss college
I get to see her tomorrow...
So excited.
It's been two months since I saw her.
:D
John Gottman has figured out a way to predict which marriages will end in divorce with over 90 accuracy.
Bull crap stinks, no matter what the delivery method.
Making great sacrifices for family today.
These sacrifices involve hanging out at WilliamsSonoma for hours and meeting a famous person.
Heart this little piece of inspiration!
I'm tired of not being able to see
What kind of videos are you interested in
Gooooodmorninggg to al My followers n new followers :
You are welcome Iginla, mnwiId let you have number 300  500 career goals.
Wow rest in Heaven Whitney Houston.
the axis of the music world rotates and spins from Whitney and Bobby's cre8tion..Stay strong and bring forth the nxt gene8tion!
well when bitched get bold, it just has to happen
Never, ever surprise a room full of students taking practice MCATs before noon on a Saturday.
Never.
Ever.
thanks, we will be introducing sub1,000 gaming pcs soon.
Give us 1 week.
remember the custom copyrighted art
KyrieIrving going off
What a shame RT Researchers analyzed 10,662 tweets mentioning seizure or seizures, 41 of tweets were derogatory...
On June 7, the history of a neighborhood will lead a transforming conversation on Change at TEDxAdMo.
Ready to be a FORCE?
Mexican Night.
Margaritas.
And now I'm making my husband watch Stardust.
I love love
Make sure you want to get in the ring before you get in the ring.
If necessary, Game 7 of RangersCaps will be Saturday at 7:30 p.m.
ET.
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting again.
We have a bunch of teams bur no pics yet.
Tweet me your favorite team pics
Mama Forever Calling Names  Shit .
Thank you!!
3
loving this weather.
Today feels like a salad sort of day.
Were partial to the Chop N Toss Salad but weve got plenty of options to choose from:...
Landline: unplugged.
Sorry candidates, just too many of you.
If we don't stand up for childoctorn, then we don't stand for much.
sick doctorm KiTs
Miss the simple days, like when you would go to buy Doritos and the only choices you had were Nacho Cheese and Cool Ranch.
It's a beautiful afternoon in El Paso.
I know.
I'm a smart baseball guy, sometimes I just go out there to have a good time and yell.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!
Thanks a million to and for today's great lodlam presentation and workshop.
si20 Great to meet all the attendees!
A car was on fire on pierson rd.
Wade traveled there!!!

Maria Maria.
Packed as usual!
HAPPY TURKEY DAY!!
Ain't nothin' wrong with a truffle shuffle.
ha ha ha Goodnight Dean
WWYD if uJUSTIN BIEBER were alone in a room?
I wuld jst talk to hem act goofy show him who iam u no:
I'm finna go to class .
Fuck it
I was just going to tell you I got a weird DM from you  to change your PW.
My only DM from you  it was spam.
:' Sad face.
A reminder that our soccer tournament dates have CHANGED from May 2122 to June 2526!
We hope you can still make it out!
This dude on americasgottalent can belt it.
Glad we have freedom to express ourselves.
Woo!
doctornking, the musicians LSD of northern Wisconsin.
Probably as much as us Passoverobservers feel!
RT Do lactose intolerant people feel slighted on National Grilled Cheese Day?
i cant find you: its so hard.
I was elected yesterday at my county convention to be a delegate to the Tx state convention in June.
Who's going to be there?
True true.
Glad We Got Thru That Shit!
I'm excited to see you too, babe!
Hey Big Eye Brow!
: How the heck are ya'?!
I wasn't there..
Remember I left.
Them came back
Tell me why I didnt notice all these tweets!!
keep it real with Jeff....russell you will gain more at the end...keep smiling russell....
hahaha you need to come over to watch misterdeeds logan.
i miss you:
...or that those design books are so darn expensive that borrowing from library makes more sense.
Again,just askin
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Exams done!
FF put us in yours and we'll do the same!
: I was trying to stop you, you weren't taking no for an answer..
but thanks for locking me in a room xD
You'll have super vision by day 10
The past week feels like ive been living in london...
aww, thanks!
So glad to help a good cause.
can't wait to see the movie!
...maybe a general model of informationsharing on internet?
at least for some.
Lombardi gave the Jags a B, because he loved the punter pick.
I think that says it all.
copy copy paste is trending?!
wtf?!
Brrr it's cold out today, good day for relaxing facial anyone?
make it count.
should of stayed this weekend so he could see what cornyval is all about :
After a full marathon, you only have the energy to eat one!
NMSM pays for referrals.
Friends or family thinking about satellite TV?
Get me together with them.
This can be a win/win/WIN introduction!
lol now that's really cool..
u took the time out to follow me  I wouldn't lead you wrong
rumsfeld!
rumsfeld!
6 tweets in a day, personal record?
what's the coffee intake?
much love :
Wat an amazing night it was.innovators were good in garland tonight,flaviam u great bro.
Today is the 293rd birthday of John Montagu, otherwise known as the 4th Earl of Sandwich!
Any favorite fillings?!
I thought a relationship was based on compromise...i guess not.
iwould ...
but you dont text me anymore .
I'm finna wear leggings tomorrow.
RT : You know that red blob pouring over Austin right now?
Rode 3 miles in it w/ Hit every every single puddle!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  BodyPiercing Barbie ...comes with minipiercing gun and minibody ornaments
i hate it when you're walking in front of someone and they just stop right in infront of you.
my boo there
Weaponry or adult beverages?
you learn something new everyday babe
That makes sense.
Didn't even think of that.
I wonder how bad it will be when the Patriots are on the clock.
lol.
Thank you!
We'll see you soon!
Block, punt, pass or tackle social media?
You have to do one of them.
do your hair that day too, cmaaaan
going to go walking today :
have a good day too
Hope the Brewers are ready to pick up some W's against the Astros this week.
Tough home stand so far.
is an alternate solution to BaldBarbie.
100 of purchase price helps kidswithcancer travel for treatment.
you caught the train  I'm impressed :
Its not all its cracked up to be...
Continue with the research.
RT : don't worry there's other fish in the sea.
On to the next one!
Facebook growth with
Its blank
and what is 365Project ?
Adele was fantastic!
oh yeah it is mexican day!!!
I forgot about that!!!!
:
Wishing all BPO ELKS hoopshooters good luck in Springfield MA at national freethrow competition
You can't do a resume in one hour.
At CML, patrons can use job center computers for two hours.
Great crowd and great energy for game tonight!
Love an excuse to give away free doctornks and shots!
omg I didn't tell you?!
LOVE the video.
Y'all are a MESS!
RT'ing now.
Please help me find Molly!
Mac Miller isnt hot.
He just makes good music.
We'll be there!
RT R standing/storming together.
On March23 tweet what ACA means 2 U 
We have just released full stream of Long Island's Dead.
CHECK IT OUT NOW!
I think the other 6 days of the week are reserved for him ;
well thats good to know!
thanks for letting me know real talk!
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop
the last time you tweeted me was...nevermind,you never noticed me btw.
:
Good morning!
Did you have a good weekend?
Yes, and for all three days.
What about you?
so you see you didn't actually send me the link to that post.
What the hell?
R u serious yes im glad too lol!
: KD's dunk was unreal, nice inside foot rip through!
Rip through, ONE doctorbble top of the key to the rack!!
Great move!
Looked like Charlie V went for Hollins' nuts.
those uni's are nice, I'll definately be contributing to the blackout.
you're so right.
I get frustrated when I see adults that forget what it was like to be so little.
Also contact the Mayor's Office of Reintegration Services for ExOffenders at 2156833370.
Great place to start.

Firm Solutions Unlimited we partner with firms to provide outsourcing solutions that improve productivity,efficiency and quality.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on OralB Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
: grateful for  Fruitiongirl.
USmashed up my day w/a big smile.
thank u Catherine!
God rain some reign on you today!
I like twat and titties too...maybe we can make a group thing of it!
Set the kind of goals that will make something of you to achieve them.
Jim Rohn.
F yah!
Hey, the Caps still have a chance in my early edition.
I did eat another one.
And did the chubby kid giggle all the while!
Can't wait till TeenWolf!
A quick shout out to my honey boo boo feel better!
I'm glad you enjoyed it.And nice to meet you!
lmao that's right 
The BaltimoreGP may work out with JP Grant at the helm; if it doesn't they'll cut him off from lucrative city contracts.
Thank you so much for the Yin and ayurvedic yoga sessions on
What does everyone think of the new iPad?
I know it's a bit early in the day to think about beers, wait its never to early to think about beers!
It's Monday 3Beer 50Wings ALL DAY!
'We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong.
The amount of work is the same.'  Carlos Castandeda
Haha it's just the way my work schedule worked out this week.
How, exactly, should you pay a contractor to work on your home?
What is reasonable for a deposit to get started and subsequent payments?
Night everyone
was that an orange twist I saw in your pic?!

Damn Eddie Murphy died 
just got in a taxi that she hoped was the Cash Cab and is on her way to her fav NY Mexican restaurant.
:
Tweet me what you tell about.
That's a good plan, too.
You could also consider the team that the pride of Flin Flon called home: Bobby Clarke.
Poised Creation has met many great people in Dallas!
We would like to thank you for your kindness!
Getting up for that AP test tomorrow is gonna be awful..
VCU!
Looking for another deep NCAA run!
it really did, though!
no.
I don't have a car and I see firsthand how Zipcars are treated.
If I had one, I wouldn't want others treating it like a rental
Pinterest tends to flush out all the manics among us.
Good luck with your move!
Every time I've moved, I always feel like I've been hit my a train afterwards!
Even using movers!
this is a good pod but it's not necessarily big enough.
Check it out.
The place Shut Up and Eat provided them and they rock
: retweet if you want me to call Justin now :P TheWorldBiebs I do !
: I want him to follow me too !
Along with u !
Please.
Got a mancrush do ya?!?!
LOL I can totally see why!!
He is a hottie!
Honestly can't get enough of watching the BOFRIENDVIDEO !!!
I want to dance in an empty street along to I'll be Seeing You with someone.
3
That would be nice!
It's like the new You're Fired
Chillin at home.
I love the NC2A FB podcast can you recommend an NC2A BB podcast?
Can my Chargers get a road win...
hopefully cuz it's time to fire up.
Haha that cute STRAIGHT guy at warped was digging on you ;D
You are too I'm sure.
Was it a contest or something, or does his Dad have great library connections ;
Pasties as supportHeat supporting cast RT : ILikeWhatYouDidThere RT : outkastheat's supporting cast
Leave me alone.
: Repeating and surprised when you get the same results youdumbashell actually, thats the definition of psychotic hahaha
Just woke up.
Me:burps in Adam's face Adam:I never wanted a sister.
You know that right?
Lolololol!!!!!
We could have fallen in love...
3
What is the best audio software for EVPS?
Demo tape or it didn't happen.
I feel like a bitch!
Even when things are hard...
Someone has it harder and there is a reason for it all
Just finished homework and now im a lil tired 
Headline of the day, from The Oregonian: Beavers enjoy taking their licks.
Was the desk asleep?
Or was it on purpose?
I wanna lay down for two minutes and that turns into two hours.
I feel like this was a poor goal in light of how awful my OCD isespecially in regards to my attachment to numbers.
Ugh.
RT : having big /klout score actually meaningless unless u know what community u have influence in
S/ to my president an next baby daddy for giving n xtra100 on my food stamp so now that's mo 
Is it me or is the Facebook app for iPhone getting worse and worse every time it launches?
Why can't Facebook make an app that works?
Im now begging for HarbaughBowl 2
J5Muzik of course
It's been quite a week!
5 gigs, 5 rehearsals, got to hang around with Herbie Hancock, Benny Golson, Danny Glover, Buster Williams,...
Thanks, RandyThe Landing is a wonderful poem.
Also, mine recounts one experience while cataloguing Merrill's books.
If your heart ain't into it, let them find another
: Darien PL now locks only iTunes  app stores.
Other functionalities open based on parent requests.
Flexibility!
'Yeah, whatever dude.
I don't give a fuck.
Its Wednesday!' 
My mom is amazing happy mothers day mom: I love you.
your shits dope too.
If you come to cali we should def play a show!
This is a crazy situation!
Well the lakers lost this game and most likely the series..
Hey at least we made the second round shrugs
re: TLR's future: I don't think business is the right call 4 a guy who waits until 2 outs/2 strikes/bottom 9 to get a job done.
RT : ..
celebrates the fearless impulse that compels every great artist to create  inspire us to think....
I finally bit the bullet and bought those expensive, space saving hangers.
I see closet cleaning in my future!!
Packing for my much needed getaway.
Final segment of the week on the show.
show coming up in about 10 minutes.
we sure do it is Facebook.com/samscafeoldsac
Pre Calculus  Inverse Functions on Graphers
all Beliebers follow Me I Love Justin and believe support and encourage him till the end Please follow Me show me Love !!
i would be the muppet that does something to fix the world for future generations.
peace www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
Watch The Daily SCene today at 10:30am on Ch.
8.1 and TrojanVision!
Last show!

Hi Andy  We should be live in mid to late January.
Had a good BBQ and pool party this evening.
Now it's time for TV shows!
I'm sorry I'm not perfect
nothing much, just chillin at my house.
You?
Night Ruined.
It is that time again  CNN reveals magic election maps on TV and online.
We love their use of infographics to doctorve interest and...
Yeah!
You were in a bad mood or something  I said if you need anything I'm here for yah bro!
you said thanks man!
I just saw a game to brainstorm games, tweeted it today, can't find my bookmark ugh
Cleaning the house.
We have a huge surprise gift for her in her room.
She is going to be so happy when she gets home from work tonight!
Milwaukee, get your clapping skills together, please.
Thank you.
This weird alien movie is on TV.
50 OFF all ORANGE TAGGED Media for the month of April!
Come on in!!!
Babylon 5 removed from Netflix instant.
Major boo!
What modernclassic scifi do I catch up on now!?
I already watched Earth 2  Seaquest.
Im salty she going to sleep on me
offers a Pynchon Inherent Viceinspired set, the Roseanne Simeone poetry minute and twisted nerves on Radio Freedonia from 24 PM  wtju.net
really wut the hell is wrong with guys im given u all the signs i cant stand it im bout to scream in ur face I LOVE U cant u c that
tenure!!
Good Choice.
You go to U of Miami?
Just 30 more minutes and off for 2 days !!
Y e s !
Beige and taupe, beige and taupe.
Finally made it.
Catlanta in in you.
Walking into the dome now!
happy Friday girly....
What I would give to have my 16 year old hair again.
Casting: Female Pugnacious 21 yr old bomb shell for a series email your headshot and resume to .
Must be a good actress.
the baby burrito was gluttonous glory at its finest
Live streaming Libya revolt while researching American fashion design
well sure I will!
Yeah white wrote meaning books refer to Blacks as Nia/Nier.
World book dictionary says
Shelter by Ray LaMontagne
got a strange look when I called gigabytes gigabiscuits
Let freedom ring.
My hubby doesn't want me watching live because he's on his way home and wants to watch 'together' ugh!!!
I really want the no strings attached DVD
It's been 11 months since my last race.
Guess who is getting a little excited for tomorrow?
That's right.
THIS GUY!!!
do you know if anyone in Chicago is looking for people to join there crew??
so you still have to come have a beer in Pipers!
:
Models seem to be in agreement w/each other this mornin for some sort of rain to snow transition on Sun!
Timing is crucial for accumulation
hey I saw this YouTube video of u and I Love the way u talk omg!
THAT SOUNDS TERRIFYING!
RT: Oh how I want to shoot you guys when I'm back in Chicago in March :
Almost crashed my car.
RT I want to be the first president with a cat or maybe just fall in love before I die.
Hey Hey, look at me!!
Doubledigit scorers who get 10 of FGA blocked: G Wallace, Teague, Lawson, Cousins, T Allen,  K Humphries, who gets 15 of FGA blkd.
This is all happening too fast.
Omg!
It's the hilarious Vrajesh!
:D
I'll buy you some beer!!
Haha
I thought you were suppose to forward to our cell phones when you went down , that is what sales told us ,
NaLee CHECK IT OUT mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com
wow where is this
So To insure good health , eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness and most important is to maintain an...
To my followers: I have apparently hit a Twitter following limit.
I will follow you back as soon as Twitter says I am a good boy.
Don't forget to hug your pet today!!
Happy 100th to Fenway and its great fans,players and memories
I talk my shit and back it up
saturday morning with hill
5 Hours till tip off!
2day i met a really crazy nana she saw me wearing justin bieber's shirt she wasyelling and crying i swear to god she told mei'm a belieber
I really like that userapproach : our role is to inspire people to achieve: we care that they WANT to do something.
iplan
Honestly school is pointless after the month of April.
We don't do shit!
Jazz Vocalist/Songwriter Lisa McGlown Teams up with Music Legend Candi Staton on Beracah Records, Inc.
to Release Jazz Single, Tenderly
well like I said not yet
Not completely true.
Many people don't know the truth of what company does do the best talent may not apply.
2012 Chicken Run Rescue Photo Calendars on sale, 25 each.
Email with 2012 Calendar in subject line to order.
Every Dollar I Spend I Get Two More ..
Applebees  Fancy Dennys
thanks for the mention, Laurie
WE WILL BE CLOSED EASTER SUNDAY .
.
.
so do your weekend shopping early!
wow, thanks...
So what did you do to resolve this problem?
Monty Burns
ITS A DONE DEAL
Is there any place in SoCal to get real croissants?
Delicious LifeStyled is a terrifice online magazine with tips on living a yummy life!
Delicious LifeStyled creating a mood with paint
I honestly don't know how I'm going to go the rest of spring quarter with no Internet or cable.
This is torture right now!
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON ME YOU'RE ALREADY A VOICE INSIDE MY HEAD
We hope you enjoyed the performance!
lol well, right.
So why pay extra and wait so much longer?
agreed, Saints in NO gonna b tuff as hell regardless who's coachin
Thanks again for the interview!
Let me know what you think.
Bout to go make some money
Maybe with ask the WRs getting hurt, SF may use Gore!
Preparing to interview Seun Kuti, live from Nigeria.
Hopefully this is smoother than when I chatted w/ Toots Hibbert via cell from Jamaica.
you both are too kind.
Thanks.
I'm horrible at finding you twitter folks on G..
real names..
diff avatars..
so find ME on Google : search for or :
i cant afford 500 shoes :/ :l
HELL YEA
Garnett on fire.
Old ass
Hope to see you fort plains fans at west canada on thurs.
Its gonna be nutso!
Please ignore spam messages from me, my Twitter account has a virus.
Sorry!
not really ma dude lol
here we go!
extreme rules!
Follow my uncle
more devastated than losing the league to your city rivals on goal difference in stoppage time?
Had a fun night with friends.
Not gonna let something get me down
Work work work bleh 
Hooray!
Love you too!!!
Trying to decide whether to keep debating ag fans on twitter or take away that candy my baby is eating.
Often I feel that I should be doing some other tasks than the one I'm doing.
What's up with that?
One thing at a time!
Thinkin of a master plan
Jake  the Neverland Pirates doctorw a hidden treasure map and hid the treasure for the best Mum ever to try to find!
recycling all my old notes and junk 
Shit.
I can't work on those Gratitude Crystals until I finish Super Mario 3D Land
BOL ' jus seen a man blowing his speakers listening to  Asking All Them Questions  Lol !
sign him to he Blazers!
ahaha that sucks!
I have a science project  were supposed to doctorw  I suck at doctorwing so I'm just not gonna do it cx
Need to get Filemaker Data normalized against itself this week.
Then next week we will begin to compare FM data against SQL data.
What Fun
So he says he is going to make me millions!
professor Dan Wallace made 1st Cen Mark claim while debating Bart Ehrman at UNC earlier this month.
Will send link in few min.
Felice Brothers, Jim Waive  the Young Divorcees, Man Man, Horse Feathers
Hello new followers!
: where was this visit at in Knoxville?
I heard it was at UT
a bikini calendar consisting of female astronauts
Good morning to you all ;D
Carmelo and JR Smith have taken over half the Knicks' shots in the series and have shot 38.
Tough to win that way.
thats actually really racist.
but thanks anyway
Great book for understanding what tactics get used to sell us every day.
S/b sometimes the electricity worksbring flashlights RT : Connecticut's new tourism slogan is Still Revolutionary.
Thoughts?
Oh, Jenna talks!
my life would be over.
I had all of my textbooks on kindle this semester!!
Love, love, love.
lmaoo yes .
It's jut starring at me .
I appreciate every single one of my followers!
Yal make my day exciting!
: thanks!!
Just got thru pressin my hair....
LORD.!!!!!
That took way longer than it should have but atleast its lookin rite now : lmao
thanks you 4 your business!
We love our customers!
you are awesome!
RT : We don't want 1 billion dollars.
We want to help raise 1 billion dollars for researchers and scientists.
It's that simple.
follow me!
No THAT'S funny!
still trying to figure that out lol
Be blessed ppl bout to hoop these niggas out like zbo lol
Having my ear talked off.
Looking forward to seeing the Team in Reno!
Attacking a players family is 100 uncalled for.
Attacking a player over the computer just makes them morons.
lol
They're gonna jack the price of oil/gas....going to fill the truck.
Woke up thinking about the root words leg and lect.
Interesting...and I'm doctornking water from a Beatles glass.
Cool, I just discovered git checkout theirs and ours for fixing merge conflicts.
It seems cool, like pandora, but any song you want, offline access and it syncs your itunes library to your phone wirelessly
I'm not a YS librarian  I don't have kids.
I have no idea what 3 year olds like.
Been thinking about that psychopathic kid professorled in the NYT yesterday.
It's like watching a bomb to see if it'll blow.
Wichita State made it look really hard.
Haven't tweeted in a while.
Still writing, just sold a script.
Am playing piano at The Other Side in Silverlake tonight.
About to fill out my first job application.
:
son Zach and his buddy Eva had fun precinct walking with their moms today!
Spotted at sleepaway visitingday: Jr counselors reading Too Big To Fail for fun.
Guess there really is a postHarry Potter vacuum.
HAPPY 18TH BRITHDAY JUSTIN doctorW BIEBER I LOVE YOU SOME MUCH REMBERING 18 YEARS AGO SOMETHING CAME TO BE.3
what up
I'm thinking a vacation for one is in order.
Estimator: Anyone know what FRB stands for?
Me: Fucking rat bastard?
have you shoot any docs?
Floyd he Is a beast
Of course!
I love it: Thanks for the shout out!
Have a great day!
where u at punk?
Also, wrote a short article regarding fellow human beings.
Most articles are or will be available online.
Keywords: Roman Piso, Piso Christ.
We pick a winner from each!
And we're glad that you're as excited for the season as we are...see you in May!!
Odd how I'm still upset by the one ugly patron when 15 others had a great time and were appreciative

we have lots of exciting new deals.
If you want to message me your email, I'll send you some details later.
jonathon joseph didn't deserve it
Hahahahahaha RT : So in love it's not funny .......
watching to see how everything plays out
I know, lol
Doing wonderful!
And how bout u?
I would expect nothing less.
Also, looks amazing  good luck!
who them hoes??
All I Needed by its old but i still love it to death.
3
Smoking without me
I had two slices of 99 cent pizza and a can of coke on Saint Marks.
I hate classic coke in white cans.
rocking out to some of your new mixes from
u tweet too much son
in session: Emotional Intelligence.
What does tweeting say about emotional awareness?
Thanks for the Tweet and the follow.
agree, double edged sword.
teaching with choreography: it works cuz some students can really dance!
For lang class is v repetitive, but so is dance so it works
we're releasing a new song soon.
Don't worry, it'll be free :
Nobody's perfect..
Merry Christmas everyone ...
headed to the STAPLES Center with and plan on seeing later on at the game.
30 minutes left to vote, people.
If you haven't  do it!
So my highlights kinda turned out between burgundy and purple.
Oh well, I've always wanted burgundy or purple streaks in my hair.
I have candy
Awesome art apprenticeship opportunity for young people 16  22 at the Honolulu Academy of the Arts.
deadline is August 18th, so get the...
RT : Warminster: Train 407 has been canceled due to manpower issues.
Translation: the crew didn't show up today.
Gonna get ready , and go see my Daddy : He's outta ICU now !!
He's back on the eighth floor again .
follow before she commits!17
Trying to figure out what to wear tomorrow.
Very excited to see in concert tonight at the Keswick.
I know it's going to be amazing!!!!
Such a nice night out.
It's won't be happening basically.
RT : Great minds talk about ideas.
Average minds talk about events.
Small minds talk about other people  Eleanor Roosvelt
sometime let me share my daddy's jame/apple butter with you 3
Okay, that's like 10 minutes from my house.
Jaycee is my hero
wewontlastif when you reply to my texts, it's always oh, cool, and k
meet at your place tonight?
what time?
Oh, we get Thai so I wasn't even thinking of that.
Love their thai pad shrimp, but I get Tofu.
Companies who feel like they have too much to lose have already lost.
I'm still giggling when I think about how likes his Mexican food.
bet i know whats up right about now.
yeah, sometimes I wake up  love it and sometimes i wake up and wonder what was I thinking?!
: Sunrise helps perspective
marry me 3
YAY!
I tried my hand at iMovie  I really like it.
I want to keep that a constant in my videos moving forward :
Of course!
Thanks for the follow!
r u still good for summer of love?
seriously though what does fish breath smell like
great new avi picture :
Things are gonna get sloppy at the IFC this weekend, and by things I mean me.
People will forget what u have said  they will forget what u have done but they will never forget the way u made them feel
Hell ya
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
3
I knew looking in the cafeteria was the wrong place.
Im hanging in the lib from now one.
Helpfulhint.
Thanks
I mean, when Faried and Shumpert get a vote, it's odd.
No way around that.
Dear Canucks, could we please not take this game into overtime again?
The east coasters can't stay awake that long!
Win early!
knew that would be the deal sealer!
I'm jailed.
In the baseball offseason.
baha of course it did ;
hey it's one of my favorite people in spokane
haaahahaha whoa I don't think anyone is supposed to admit that...
Ever.
kicks off his presentation at City Uni London
Tech patents are a strange creature, as an attorney I see the reason and usefulness, as programmer I know they are more akin to copyright
Cheat Day Failure: A million cookies plus alcohol equals PATRIOTS LOSE.
My stomach is a patriot.
It too has a
can u follow me back please :  if u do i wont stop listenin to yuh music well i do it evryday so yea thnx again COD 3
Ahahaha : Can't, phone's dead.
Reception w Minister of ArtsCulture from South Africa in 30 mins.Carnegie Build, .Join us!
Subcultural theories look at a rejection of middle class goals/values and prioritization of other values such as toughness.
Oh my God the crazy fucking rebate lady that screamed at me for 20 minutes just came in.
God save me.
RT : The problem with git jokes is everyone has their own version.
I'm expecting to be on Twitter tmw during 4th period.
call me now
Thanks for the follow, Jim!
87 marathons, I got tired just reading that...
Good luck w/ the book!
Get one project done just in time to start two more!
Bye bye freetime...
Hopefully we will meet again.
you were one of my favorites on baywatch.
Im following you on twitter
No, SERIOUSLY, thing I'm trying to write  you are pissing me the hell off!
Cut it out!
God has truly blessed me with an amazing life.
I am truly thankful.
great u ?
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing, He bled and died to take away my sin
real MEN eat plants
Thanks to everyone who came out and saw us at Regatta!
We hope you enjoyed dunking Andoctorw and Josh!
:
School just started  im ready to go homee !.
:
Thanks for following !
If you see something you like please RT.
Have a great day/night Denver, whatever you do !
I selected that sentence because it's such a big truth
now That I would like to see!
Zipcar 4 business members dont forget to ask your employees to follow us  we'll add 5 to your account for each employee!
Cool!
tells me I was near earlier today on Market Street.
Just remember who was by your side when everyine else left.
haha so funny stop being a hater he didnt do anything to u
i suck at online pool.
I'm about to call it a night
oh shut up...
New in cans, Longboard, fullbodied golden lager perfect for sunbathing on our Mellow roof.
Now all we need is sun.
sorry im with amanda, julia and bri
don't expect me to go near you.
or to get any from me.
that just pissed me the fuck off.
I'm so annoyed.
The cool part about life is how you don't have to listen to anyone's bullshit.
You just do what you personally think is right.
Just gonna say it...these boy bands that are out right now ain't got NOTHIN on n'Sync and backstreet
hell probably be backup see how Peyton performs like u know throwing the football like I'm guessing
Start your new year off right, like my Facebook page: Facebook.com/stacyschuble
He's my best friend but he's also my boy friend3
Boy: You're like summer.
Girl: Awww hot?
Boy: Nope, no class.
well i think we ladies have bigger problems than ryan gosling right now.
amitre or amirite?
Great!
Currently at a PTA Leadership Training Convention.
Please forgive my tardy reply to your tweet.
Solomon
I think you may be correct but I certainly hope not.
AllAccess For me, in my lifetime, Barry Bonds off of Lee Smith which doctorve the Pirates to the '91 Division Crown.
thank ya!
how's big d treatin you?
what kinda crap is that, don't eat it lol
Go Bonnie's!!!
Don't forget to go vote today!
And hopefully you'll vote for Diane Denish to keep the film incentives in NM :
Show dem broke hoes ya Bankroll 
just got back from putinbay we went to the roundhouse,frosty,three swim bars, and the choclate musem sorry for mis spelling
she was yelling ewwww so I thought there was like a bug or something but no, it was just my bra.
Hahaha
Who else can't wait to see tomorrow night?!
dont settle for a relationship that wont let you be yourself.
my phone is texting me...
54 outs, deadlift Al Newman, and you have to eat a Dodger dog between every inning.
That's my final offer.
I believe was trying to force another tweet after you signed off...
Happy WorldTeachersDay  wish I could go  thank my K12 teachers who proved to me that reading  learning can definitely be fun!
babee you always got me duh!
nowplaying good feeling :
Dios mio RT : lost my keys on cinco de mayo.
possibly downtown anchorage possibly knik.
HELP ME JESUS
Hah, whoops : Thanks for the RT, Todd!
Man the Spurs look like the team to beat in the West!
Say it like it is!
Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with.
Bach
Love is the selfdelusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex.
A 2 hour tour of a day care.
Seriously.
PMs are as sexy as accountants.
LazyPM
Hey Dawn!
We just responded to your support ticket.
Please advise at your earliest convenience : Thanks for your time!
didnt know this was soccer 
Vegas!!
CES!
Here we come!
That's a pretty good idea.
It's like Special Features and Deleted Scenes on DVD's.
But, why limit it to the Kindle?
Off to Idaho!
Tattoo Crew.
im busy.
RT : A lovely day to take a stroll thru da park
RT : Come to PRIMAL tonight!!!
College ID 1 ALL NITE!
Ladies FREE all NITE!
Shuttles running to Primal all NITE TeamSelfi ...
we got themoveslikejagger !
Don't walk into a bakery in a bad neighborhood yelling Ho Ho Ho.
You might get offered more then free cookies Just smile that's enough
Just received a coupon in the mail: Buy one sock, get one FREE!
While socks last.
approaching Lakeland and Winter Haven..it brings back good memoriies :
Let me know if you find it!
.....sometimes his barber messes up his linin.
Lol
I may not be the best, but I'm definitely not like the rest.
People are dirty.
I'm Laying out in my yard it's obvious you're a perv when you turn down my dead end road and then turn around at the end.
Next up Oklahoma's Denise L.
Burns reciting Fishing on the Susquehanna in July by Billy Collins
not trying to be rude but you've sent this msg to me about 15 times
Even though I know you're no good I want you anyways.
hey looney are you on steroids?
You look big
RT if you love Greg Mahoney.
The awards show was off the chain lastnight.
Kevin Hart was so hilarious and Kelly Rowland was outstanding.
Props 2 Nicki, doctorke,  Wayne
Baseball game.
Mix in some Rainbow in the Dark and baby, you've got a stew goin'
great service!
I'm extremely bored, Someone should text me:
Ig she wanna be on sum other shit so Ima let her do her n find me a dwn ass bitch
When I get to the hotel imma lay my ass down my back hurt from this ride.
Cool!
This year's open house is April 2728.
See u there!
thank you :
your girl looks decent..
but the fact that she's with you makes her look desperate
who said we were best friends?cause i sure didnt.and you talk shit on rachel all the time.karmas a bitch .
i hope you know that .
It's bad enough that subway plays shitty music, but to have an impromptu sing along by a customer is horrid.
her boyfriend remains aloof.
Ok google gps thing once again me vs.
U me.
Me, 100 u, 1
; so you DO like  want cock?
TwitterOfficial btw, did you receive the bandanna I threw at you?
if you ever visit me sweetie you will never be the same.
Well, you'll never walk the same at the very least.
Good 2 have u bk
I'm sure I'll be in the minority here, but I think it's a good thing that will have a week off before playing again.
just went to Northeast to support Congressman Kratovil and has lost a lot of faith in humanity.
's new earrings are making her earlobes itch!
I want some pop tarts!
Who do you think will be crowned champion at this weeks ZurichClassic in New Orleans?
Who's playing their best golf right now?
Tell us...
The difference is mentality; Atkins tends to be weight loss and short term, paleo tends to be lifestyle change
Thank you.
On top of that of course I gotta work.
OWIF: It's getting dark.
The fishmonger has suggested we grab our stuff from the raft and stay in the riverboat for the night.
We're playing the beaumont backyard in kansas city this evening.
We go on at 6:00pm so get there early.
Hahaha I figured they would but that's a little too far.
Thanks though!
OH : If you guys have one more left, I'll pound it with you.
RT : Want a free cupcake from ?
Stop by food court todaySun to see Hondas new CRV!
G'Nite Jermichael!
So glad you're back in Titletown!!
Poker 2 hours ago.
Shooting for Saturday morning starts now.
No sleep, Perfect!
RT : Dear Charlie Sheen  bad boys make us weak in the knees.
Bad men make us weak in the stomach.
Learn the difference.
I didn't mean u in particular!
I meant the other analysts!
Like Jon berry for example
We'll be working tomorrow because thats how we roll!
Finally got my new toy and now I have to go to work, boo!!
suck it
Wiltjer is vexing me with his defensive moves.
The Coyotes have played extremely dirty!
YET, the keep rising above it all and has been great at keeping their composure.
not tomorrow..
So today Wrestle Mania 28!
Excited even though there's going to be people pushing stepping on you and traffic .
just watched on the one show, and he sounds sexy with a british voice haha!, i loveyouu3
librarians  showing not just constructing learning, but helping students to create new meaning
takingg that as a noo el oh el.
Inner healing involves moving from darkness to the light.
If you want to develop a strong mental attitude, hang out those who follow the teachings of Christ!
Thats my shit when im high
Im one goofy girl
Oh why hello...yes, dinner!
Wednesday night?!
There's some sort of 1920s party on the Surrey rooftop we can go to before :
FACT: That is my exact height and weight
Cool.
Sounds like a great idea for a site.
We ordered a chicken salad sandwich and an egg salad sandwich.
We wonder which will come first.
home based business for women
About to give this bomb a presentation today at 8 AM.
RT : Boston practice of Resources had an amazing day today!
CPE event, Group lunch  CRAZY success on the BD side!
I need some more followers so people start following me i follow you back :D
If RGIII isn't the 1 doctorft pick, something is wrong!
He served up training camp passes in the 1st series!
yes sir I know that!!
Good luck.
That is my school!
No pain, no brain, no gain.
Physically emotionally  mentally.
sales psychology success.
Get tough now.
Carl Saff is the mastering master of disaster.
Thanks Carl!
www.saffmastering.com
U should do an Q AND A lol:
my name is Samantha!
and can it be with Niall?
lol xx
Next conventions are geek media expo and sugoi con!
Check em out.
where you at homie, come kick and doctornk
I knew u would b the first 2 wear dat hate shit what do it feel like on ur skin lol
My copy of Toni Morrison's HOME arrived today  I'm just waiting for the sun to go down before I climb into bed and into the story!
Life is too short to be anything but happy
Whoops.
I definitely read the capital letters after the rest of them.
A cat burglar stole money from Austin Pets Alive.
Police r looking for person responsible.
Details at 5.
: What is it?
Haven't touched my printer in ages yet it still breaks...
printers are the worst.
sweet!
thanks.
updating to it now.
RT : Tremendous effort this HallOfFame weekend no ones thanking you....didnt you do anything?
We are a Voodoo Lab dealer!!
We have your pedal on order!!
DT ooh not good, didn't realize it spread to US.
How did presentation go?
seized illegal substances found in the suspect's home.
The officers overstepped their boundaries by entering the home
yayyy half day!
pointless but hey, i'll take it.
Finally everyone is sad, just that some people can pretend be happy for one second.
Ah I be in Florida 1 week from today!!
I gotta say that whole death joke shit is ridiculous.
Setting up twitter to begin twitting!
Aw man.
What a way to start All Star wknd!!
SMH.
Cant get much better than that.......can it?
Lol.
Rockin' out to Maroon 5 at the
I guess nobody really has a full album they enjoy....
So I hear it's NationalWaterGunFightDay?
My advice...Be sure to wear your water resistant sunscreen as you battle through the day.
Go blue!
Working on and !
Really looking forward to the events ahead!!
My toes look kinda like little sausages.
Yum:
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 38
Did anything funny happen online today?
We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so let us know!
Met game with my biddies and 
one last trip to the grove to get the last of my stuff, then I'm officially home for summer :
hope Jonah enjoys his Dinosaur art for his new big boy room !
Thanks for coming today :
Ha!
Maybe to ask ?s abt it, give feedback, find out if changes are coming.
Would appreciate specifics if you'd share.
OMG, thank you!
Wonderful and it made me laugh :
We will accept your return to Twitter as long as you start to refer to Football as Soccer.
Bout to watch Kimbo Slice vs.
Matt Mitrione on ESPN2HD.
You know we gotta go home team, Kimbo.
Ah, nice characterdevelopment episode of Mad Men.
Poor ol' greasy Pete.
What I wouldn't do for a chocolate cupcake right now
Finally decided to take a break for a while.
Its weird and scary.
A wise choice, Gregg, money isn't happiness.
Keep up the good work.
RT On indomie diet till I leave this horrible town.
Good to hear!
:
I want kolaches from that one place by the tracks.
Lol
Lemonade Mouth : 3
Love for CCBY is reminding me of a talk last month by Mackenzie Smith about possible attribute stacking problems, encouraging CC0
My god.
Talk about a rude awakening.
RT : Mariano Rivera says ACL torn, meniscus also.
Heading to the annual Plateau LMS/Successfactors conference this weekend.
Will you be there?
Just realized I've been giving my husband the bieberposthaircut haircut.
secretadmirer?
RT : Happy St.
Patricks Day to all of our members and business partners!
Enjoy; we are right here if you need assistance!
Sorry for neglecting you, twitterverse.
Things have been crazy!
If i have to wait until california turns mid night to play this game i'll freak the fuck out and kill californians.
I think it's fitting that my 4000th tweet was to announce that I have a job.
Two big milestones!
Gill early traumas actually cause hemispheral damage to the brain
thanks so much for your support!
Solution: Prisoner University!
RT A college student costs the state 8,667 per year; a prisoner costs it 45,006 a year.
Did you hear how many times he said bang?'
Thanks !
Hope the article was helpful for you.
:D RT
Me and you your mama n your cousin 2
Car wash going on now at Pizza Patron on Central and Baseline RIP Steven Carrillo
well it may not be pretty.
Lol.
But I will walk around on the court and shoot.
Lol
yea haha so we goin to the y tomorrow
hey, sidekick!
Who does everyone think is the MVP of tonight's game?
My vote goes to
Lemon AIDS!!
That and being online too much.
:
awesome, just followed...
DM me the details mate
Get your CherryBlossom fix at BuddhaBar!
Delicious 6 Cherry Blossom Cocktails and Cherry Crumble tarts for the cherry aficionado ;
Thank you for instructing insuranceagent CE at today.
And thank YOU for being part of it.
HeLLo RT : The EP is a game changer.
It was an honor to be part of it.
I absolutely agree.
Harry and Zayn can get this anytime they want
Thanks so much!
RT great tour/tasting today!
Hey, you should try out the BloodyCheckers now !!
The new update is amazing !!
My top 3: 1 empire strikes back 2 dark knight 3 avengers
B I felt like a mummified corpse the entire time C I couldn't verify the gender of the Asian masseuse D ALL OF THE ABOVE
follow back thanks
So, happy Thursday everyone!
Hope everyone is crushing their workouts today!
unfortunately that is not up to the fans, it's their management.
so don't blame it on the US and other countries.
Set Impulse Shopping Flag!
.: Sex is half a billion years older than we are.
This idea that we have sex.
Bullshit.
Sex has us.
Selena Gomez conjured five wins at the Teen Choice Awards  one more than boyfriend Justin Bieber.
i be getting mad fa no reason sum times hahah !!
it's all good though imma cool nigga in person though!
thanks for coming :
And I bet if you asked them, they'd tell you they would have loved to have some of the stuff we have at our disposal!
Thanks for the tasty Gobbler GF sandwich !
YUM!!
:
RALPH!
I don't want any parts of that.
Masters Of Horror fest in bed, good things come in threes.
Someone should sing me to sleep or something lol
I honestly was NOT referring to you.
Too ling of a story to tell here.
I do hope you're doing well!
Can't sleep
There is talk of a super secret Recorder show happening soon!
The musician in the Suburban Station concourse is vigorously butchering a series of songs that did nothing to provoke him.
I really wanna get this account followers up...
so like gimme a shoutout and i'll give you one!:
i'm wearing purple tights today cuz tonight i see a play about wrestling.
Miami is so live right now!
Phillip is rocking the Dave Matthews 24/7
Okay.
Still not believing this whole Kathryn McPhee as Broadway hopeful star thing.
Worst experience ever at the one off Marsh Ln  Northwest Highway!!
Q: What did they call low tech, before they called it low tech?
A: Reliable.
Trying to watch the Michigan  MSU game on lowdef TV.
High Definition TV has spoiled me.
We just joined the Redbull Soundstage!
lol what ever you said before.
Best place in Milwaukee for tattoos, ready go!
Go to her website and look at the fan art, fan tattoos, and her comments.
Eeh give it a while it gets OLD lol
It all comes down to the people who make you change your mind3
Accidental tweets are the strangest
You can tell a lot about a hotel by the quality of the supplied iron and ironing board.
Not to mention if you feel safe in barefeet....
: Get out the car!!
get out the car!!
Lmao
haha  never!
Well, maybe moving and wanting to unpack had something to do with it
And he's a freak athlete, with a big wingspan, who hustles and plays hard.
There's a lot of your answer.
No blondes in black cars?
RT Oh, Spotify playlist?
Autographs Turn Up the Radio??
Excuse me while I whip out the air guitar!!
No problem,
I actually thought about you in Spain, 
Another fun wednesday night!
Thank you to everyone that joined us!
Hope you had a fun experience here at Revolver :
we develop these rlationships of affinity yet call them by the names we feel truly apply.
I have 2 nieces, 2 nephews ...
Great show today!!!!
Chris Webber show 98xm Sirus...
Love it!!!
you're so cute you could even travel the world for her, but she didn't realize how much you can do to have her.
did we not follow each other before?
That's silly.
I was your hundoctord follower.
booya.
RT : RIGHT NOW alert out for the Police in helicopters looking for Parolee in Encinitas, with Stay Inside and don't...
Its crazy how I wanted that chick and got her then figured out she is nothing like I predicted...
Day 3 of baby sleep training and going surprisingly well so far.
Fingers crossed it continues.
Sending good thoughts to Sandy Leon for a speedy  strong recovery.
Come Explore w/me  on the free trolley!
Look for the green shuttle stop signs throughout South End!
The 200th person to like Maggie  Stella's Cards  Gifts will receive a token of appreciation!
i just saw a photo of larry king with no shirt on and goodbye cruel world.
RT : RT if you are proud of being Latino.
heading back to LaLa land!
You might not remember me from Wease show, but I'm excited to see a shot of you on today's Mets game.
I'm a HUGE Mets fan
I haven't smoked since I left Orlando.
damn proud of myself
Thanks for the mentions!
it was trending, and im a total Directioner 33333
I love how Westlaw Next shows me these cool tools I'd like to try out, but find out at the last button click that it's not part of my plan.
um hey kid, please explain how do I loose 5 pounds in 2 days?
Free Pastries tonight in Pittsburgh!
From 5  7 p.m.
come to PFP to meet our new Head Baker Jim and try out some of his AMAZING desserts!
Just me and the engineer today.
Editing is so fascinating to watch.
Very cool art form!
Omg I'm so fucking Uncomfortable today!
Just launched on Youtube!
Vegan 101 Season 2 Episodes 1  3 starring Eric Roberts!
www.youtube.com/joannemisterse1
It's not necessarily the amount of time you spend at practice that counts; it's what you put into the practice.
G Silverman: reader as fused being in cohabitation rather than autonomous liberal subject
Whoever is in my house bumping Justin bieber, fuck you
please follow back?
I also feel the need to show after I start swearing too ;
Seriously....
I guess we don't know very well...because we love working out, love dogs and live in dupont.
you getting the bus tomorrow lass?
Smoke got her eyes lookin like she from Korea.
Jealous!!
Have some wine for me!
:
All I want in my life is more hunger games!
Being at my aunt and uncle's house makes me realize what I missed out on through out my life..
welcome to twitter ;
I want to so bad!
I'm not sure I'll have the money!
U so should get one tho!
:
47 i really like the name kassie and youre really pretty!!!
Also considering I Get Why Ginny Wolff Put Those Stones In Her Pockets.
Re: that last RT, the scene where Cortez talks about his husband was probably one of the most emotionally intense in the game for me.
Sometimes what you have imagined cant be fulfilled due to space configurations.It is wise to work with your hired Interior...
In San Diego!
Hanging out with Brody today!
I haven't been to a paperbased company that's passing invoices in less than 20 days  they can't do it  Henry Ijams at
the ackward moment when you get shampoo in your i and act like theres a monster in front of you
Did you know that meditation boosts the judgement part of your brain?
Is it just me, or does Lucroy always look bored?
sounds like my kind of party!
i ask u 1 question haha
Our new Harmony contain vitamins  minerals but most important Zinc which has been shown in studies to increase the body's absorption of HCG
: In yr Yelp inbox, dear friend!
well of course!
I'm looking for recommendations for iPhone web browser.
What is best in free or very cheep?
Thnks DMarie
So true!
Some of the greatest minds in the world, past and present, have never been to college.
people are saying happy Mother's day because it's midnight EST?
I don't think my mom has ever been up past 11pm.
thanks for the support!
I need it!
I'm in grad school for my MBA and we're closing on a house in a week!
I'm super excited to see my boys talk tonight at WhenDevelopersTalk!!
See you at the Gin Mill :D
So I met this prostitute who said she'd do anything for 10.
Guess who got his car washed?!
QoTD: You may delay, but time will not, and lost time is never found again.
Got a spiffy nameplate for my office.
Its official then!
:
bianca is the best
Tomorrow's my volunteer shift at the SJMQT gift shop  stop by and say hello!
Open 10am  5pm, and the awesome Shaheen exhibit is still up.
After reading the blog I feel better about it.
I just hope things only change for the better.
Congrats guys!
check on volunteer slots in 2012, email .
hope to see you in our kitchen soon!
Gilli, Thanks so much for RT!
Its not how you start, but how you finish that counts!
Go bulls
I agree Shurmur is a dope, but McCoy isn't a starting NFL qb which is my only point.
What's the downtown action this sunny Saturday?
whosout?
One dog yelping at nothing will set ten thousand straining at their collars  Japanese proverb
can you please folow me ?
x3
WHY COME ERY NIGGA SWEAR DEY BALL'N OUT OF CONTROL WHEN DA TRUTH IZ IF U WAS REALLY HAV'N BREAD THERE WOULD B NO NEED 2 SAY IT WOULD SHOW..
so just enough to cover Rodger's 64 and some change contract.
oh my gosh !!!
This is literally the best night of all my 14 years living!!!
I love you so much !
Crowd goes crazy with each song!!
i know looks like ron will end up 2nd
looks super cute with his
ugh I got this project due 2maw........i needs to get on top of things
My daughter is continually flipping through the pages of her History book, going UH.
She's not a zombie, I promise.
RT Apparently Davy Jones has taken his last train to Clarksville.
VI introduced the kps concept and was well received by the conference.
I've seen lighter colored leather on my Doc Martins.
what are the box looking license plate things any thing in particular  I like them
do you think art and food are a natural intersection?
DesireThursdays the sensation of surrendering to a desire is living life force.
Also, this might be the last one with Steve Jobs' input.
What more could I want in a phone after this?
Can't think of anything atm.
I typed gotcha in my phone and it auto corrected to Hochstatter.
watching these cats struggle through an easy game.
BBN fool
what let me roll up on yo booty??
I heard some funny shit today
3 i love you
Just had chili, pulled pork sandwich, roast beef, fruit, cake and pie.
Thanks publix samples for suppling dinner
Congrats to the new addition,
Hey here's ur good morning tweet.
Bahaha
Had a great time at the info session this morning!
Time to get started on my application for the Non professort Mngmt program!!
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God
Believe I'm gettin that hat!!
People say I'm lucky...I say that I'm blessed
I dd not believe he meant a word he said about the housing issue just smoke and mirrors.
things are really heating up on Pros and Cons...make sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook...
NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Depression in Transition presented by the University of Michigan Depression Center
I can't make it I just need to rest my eyes for 5 minutes lol
Congrats to Casey Talbot and Betty Zhao for winning this week's swag giveaway!
Last year's Kindle: Never has tech been so dated.
Next version completely telepathic.
Send Amazon , entertainment routed to your brain
The Viarte...
Space has style just like every person has their own unique style.
The Viarte is design venture company understands space.
Much needed sleep.
Lol , I would've been here anyways !
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it.
Albert Einstein
Haha, me too.
It's outrageous.
They're ridiculous, Lol
I havent gone to church in forever but that wont change the fact that i love god and thank him for everything i have 3
Finishing up a long and interesting week at the Wyoming Library Association.
So great.
Everyone knows everyone, and they're INTO it.
Sweet!
are on the MLB network!
....and losing horribly already : plenty of time left!
its not just girls :D
Sure RT : VOTEYES RT : Maybe we can add to Toolschat topic suggestion.
Overall list management tool
Thanks for another lovely evening at the market.
Come on back this Saturday  there are GREAT gift ideas here...and what talented...
Farrah Fawcett  Michael Jackson.
Did you know Tatum O'Neal dated Michael Jackson in her teens?
Ryan O'Neal her father was Farrahs partner!
So excited for naeamuse preconference today!
love you to
Generally they just stick to bones and work backward to the murder.
Not pretty sometimes.
Did you know?
If you say Raise Up Lights you just said Razor Blades in an Australian accent!
: This fool is playin temple run in the booth.
I should charge by the hour..
let's go then!!!
Waiting on u to hit rec
Prediction is hard to do  especially if it is about the future!
listening to Michio Kaku at
hey Sam!
You're an amazing back!!
Best wishes!
pdxduckbizlunch...if I need my duck football rose bowl championship ring I am going to Ronnie Malka !
thanks for lettin us know...
Yeah bro The new crew baby
It's finally time to put on the snow boots here in Wisconsin!
Then again, it's all starting to melt already.
ITS SENIOR NIGHT at Sessions Stadium!
hosts ETSU at 630pm!
Pregame festivities at 615!
we are young
RT : Wow, just blew every other OEM out of the water.
Fantastic spot showcasing Detroit the city as more than...
You Cant Make Everyone Be Your Friend...
sadly it does :
Ya, a friend of mine is one of the writers!
Glad you enjoyed it, i'll pass it along
Song Trivia!
Sneaker Pimps  Flowers And Silence is about what?
Omw to Greensboro 
....and my bad mood is back.
Apparently, selectivetweets for facebook hasn't been working for me...will be using TweetDeck more often, I guess...
RT : Grace is meant to justify the sinner.
Grace is never meant to justify our sins.
Jon Walker
Only little kids think going to quinceaneras is Crunk family 15s don't count
good win for Rashad Evans tonight.would have loved to seen a knockout,but a win is a win nonetheless.really hope he gets his belt back.
Shooting a music video for one of our upcoming releases, Nights tomorrow.
If you want to be an extra just shoot us a message on Twitter!
My heart is an easy thing for you to win 3
: I didn't know people really owned Ntelos Phones lol what the hell iz thaat
This is for my ladies in the 280s Mercedes, in the H3, Baby Ranges, Bentley Coupes, my Escalades Say oh.
Oh, oh.
Stop complaining to me, because I'm not listening.
I remember when obama became president and all the rachet girls was talkin about he's cute tho O.o
would u dm me?
That special text a special someone w3
If i could get a couple goodmornings back , that'll make my day .
Morning run
I just considered getting a life coach, but I should probably get a life first.
thanks man.
Laughter is the best medicine.
A single laugh may boost your immune systems defenses for up to 3 days.
huge win.
I thought Rodgers was gone.
Herrera is terrible.
Good trade.
united airlines They break guitars  now baggage.
Offers duffle bag on wheels but have to unpack old case and give to them.
Please!
neither have i
I'm proud to live in a country where people have the freedom to be disrespectful to our POTUS, and still call themselves patriots.
Officially a hornet.
ASU BABY
Looking forward to working with my 2011 mentors.
Yep.
Plus Bravo would surely put a few more bucks into the show's production, which wouldn't hurt.
so does mine haha Atleast there was room that time in the shes
Pop go the weasel3rd bass
Richard Fish: Everybody's alone.
It's just easier to take in a relationship.
Isn't it too late?
Lindy Fix tonight at 8!
Lesson with Sam and Miller.
DJ Nate!
Also come out for a lesson in Charleston Swingouts from 78!
Are you near Seattle and love film?
Win 2 tickets to the 2012 Seattle International Film FestivalMay 17th through June 10th Tweet us to win
But of course , my mothers cooking will ALWAYS come in first place hands down .
.
I feel like I'd rather change my name and leave the country then go to this dentist appointment I made.
guys who race fourwheelers.
ugh my doctoramcatcher isn't working anymore.
So busy tonight!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
RT : FF to the one, the only for being generally awesome  and because today's his birthday!
What is a him job?
Thanks!
We hope you had a great New Years as well!
:
Super bummed I had to buy my planters online.
:
restless night sleep, more productive designing.
Guess I will need lots of coffee today!
Good morning Twitter.
I am so blessed life can't get any better than this.
Woulda never had seen that defeat on the Dolphins!'!
Was it just a daymare???
Grrrrrrr
Reason  194 why getting older is awesome.
I can eat cake for breakfast and my mom won't punish me
I can agree, the depictions were the very things people think of us as it is and that is not the majority
I decided to follow you because I kept seeing awesome people RT you.
And your professorle pic is.
Interesting.
no offense, thats fa less impressive ;
My one problem w/ finishing books by Seth Godin is that they make you want to start doing right away, and stop reading.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO ONE ELSE
: I love everything about you, except that you're not mine.
WS
Serious insomnia tonight will make for a challenging day tomorrow.
hey zak, i have a question
: morning Davina.
Are you ready for BBQ Fest?sure why not ; ...
On 4/27 U wrote CISPA was developed in close consultation w/civil libertarians I can't find any, name them.
Good morning, to everyone in Marana Oro Valley Tucson Vail Green Valley and all around our beautiful southern Arizona region.
I'm solid so I stand like a rock on my decisions
: A humble and genuine acceptance speech from Congrats on your MVP.
muchrespect Vomit!
PETA  VEGAN Advertising Campaign.
IHaveAnIdea !
I know wht will make people think abt wht goes on in factory farms.
stop abusing.
12312
only got a mounth left in school ready to get da fuck away from high school!
If they interviewed me on guy code for a good ass night session this is wat i would say.....
Watching last holiday :
A.Come visit!B.come visit.C.How are you?I had to make up a character in acting class and bra fitter came to mind!my calling!
thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you at the
What do I want for Lunch...Wallet empty..Lucky Me I spy a Hot pocket under the 4in thick freezer frost...yummy...
Whats your favorite Facebook ad?
you have a lot of tweets :O
Nashville, Tn with some of Gospels greatest, Candy West, Wess Morgan, Amber Bullock...and oh yeah, Griff.
Lol!
Had a blast praisin God!
And when she stops...
She's not haha RT : If she's interested in you....
She checks your tweets.
Face it.
Deleted my facebook app from my phone, again.
This time for good?
u r so awesum anser me on fb that wuld be cool
yep.
If we can avoid turnovers and bad special teams plays, we have a good chance to win I think.
Great talking to you as well.
See you on the course!
At mash ups in the classroom session
Gud.RT I've always seen it as the role of an artist to doctorg his inside out, give the audience all you've got.
Henry Rollins
The greatest threat to our national security comes from not providing a healthy start for all childoctorn  from not educating all childoctorn
Spend the night at our Salomé room plus enjoy a beautiful Champagne and chocolates gift basket from .
Delicious!!!
Keep them squares up out your circle.
Darn.
Had my hopes up that he would go 7 for first time in pro career.
Off to the twice monthly Random Shit Bookclub meeting  catch ya on the flipside tweeple!
Hungry for a ChicagoStyle Hot Dog?
You pay 1 and you get 10 worth at Mad Dog's Eatery in Madison.
www.dealoria.com
It's almost time to sleep.
There's nothing interesting on TV, so what's the use.
Did just say the Courier Journal has a hard on for he and doctorw Franklin?
Cavs need to sign JR Smith
I do love it :D
Math and alcohol don't mix.
Don't doctornk and derive.
From Mathematicians Against doctornk Deriving, or MADD.
Well, the resumator URL is the direct link to the application process.
Good luck.,
Home is where the heart is
It's all about dabbin some of this bomb OG Honeycomb and Master Kush wax from Green Dove.
irie!!!
Hell yea bro a nigga had to be sleep
I was messing with my settings, I have haters   they stalk me
We live in a world where Bobby Brown is still alive.
Enjoy a nudist discount getaway 4 nights 399 visit us
realizing that it's not up to you...and it never was.
Oh, not so!
Do you know I hiked 2200 miles and lived in the woods for 5 months  8 days?
That's not GLAMPOROUS!
Plays posted from 115 cappers with cons on Texans, Boise St  Un...Off to Sam Boyd Stadium and watch the Broncos kick some Butt
Breaking hearts is : heartbreak therapy
Good!
I'm glad to hear it :
Hey everyone tweet mee
I want sweet tea.
Love these design gurus ff
Burlesque one of my favorite movies ever3 is flawless
Got carded, tried to see an R rated movie..
Good thing you gave up that leaving during OT bit
he is waiting for you with this 
Same here!
Very excited to be going to See you there!
When did dude become nongender specific?
I'm a dude now?
Must have missed the memo...
Just heard from : Sewickley Wine Walk  Spoiled Chics's party tonight 59!
I'm too young to go will u go  tell me about it?!
fanpop has a bunch.
I would give up my swoosh account for a guaranteed discount on Air Jordan retros...hands down
typical cowards.
Just desserts.
Prekids I thought breastfeeding passed 1 yr was weird  uncalled for.
After 2 kids that I bf'd, I feel that it's none of my damn business.
Morning is off...
and I blame for ruining it.
Give me back !!!!
NOW!
when I tweeted that I wanted cookies last week, that didn't happen to me.
cc
RT : Mayoral debate viewing party at blacks at 7pm.
McGinn fundoctoriser.
Mcginn is a friend of Seattle nightlife seamayor jh
Apple's Market Cap Exceeds 500 Billion Mark
congrats 2years ..love u guys follow me chestnuts ...
A M A Z I N G!
Buck up about the BoSox ...you've go 1.3 mil twitter followers.
Life's good, eh?
Maybe it's my academic freedom complex kicking in?
her nose is a blood and puss factory!
Luckily she doesn't seem to be in pain and has no issues rubbing it all over the couch...
happy hump day fellow twits
Hey fans!
Check out one of the Arthritis Foundation's favorite volunteers on NBC tonight 9/8c!!
thank you.
Thank you!
I am pretty excited about this!
Quick stay in your net!
Kings beat these desert dogs!
Most of y'all don't know this and I just realized this too but Kanye said Yolo first back on his Graduation album in 2007.
Just sayin'
Joy of Cooking has a good one.
i also highly recommend Nigella Lawson's guinness chocolate cake w/ cream cheese frosting.
First TechnoHell, now power outage!
Going down before I can move up.
:
grabs shot glasses RT : They gave us lemons we made lemonade...
add some vodka and we have ourselves a party.
LATE TO WORK!
I agree, I am fighting to help end depression with fitness and nutrition!
Spread the word!
Please contact me for help :
Looking forward to tonight's a4dmeetup events
Oh no hon.
: hugggles I'm sorry sweetie.
: My mom is a colon cancer survivor so we joke a bit too.
follow first please and then I'll follow u 
Cool!
I'll wave and say hello when you pass me.
LOL
Movie recommendation is Viggo Mortensen in Eastern Promises
hahahahahahahahahaha that's the funniest thing ever.
I was thinking...
and this is why I never run
Many speak the truth when they say that they despise riches, but they mean the riches possessed by other men
Thank you!
Someone finally understands!
I don't know how they can even make the comparison!
more importantly, what did you get??
new shoes i hope
heck yeah!
You've got to believe it, right?
: Everything will be ok.
Maybe not right now, but eventually it will be.
Supreme Court building repair about to begin
I wish we could put up some of the Christmas spirit in jars and open a jar of it every month.
Harlan Miller
Pregnancy Rape,Harassment,Abuse,Being walked on,Breast cancer,Played, Lied to.Women are some strong individuals and men should respect them
I'm going to eat a banana and then try to nap.
That is the plan.
Did you know?
A pessimist is somebody who complains about the noise when opportunity knocks.
Oscar Wilde
RT : off to finish my new studio today........
cant wait JB ......congrats
you didn't need surgery?
Exactly, don't have to love it but when I read arguments that are so forehead slappingly stupid...
I am watching the last season of Smallville...loving it!
Im officially throwing my hat into the 2012 presidential race..Now if i could just find out where it landed...
thanks doll!
Yo has been a stopper for them this season.
He has had the highs and lows as well.
Seems feast or famine.
Hardy went 5 for 8 and 2HR yesterday no way Milwaukee has any chance of getting him back
Clowns wear a face that's painted intentionally on them so they appear 2 b happy or sad.
What kind of mask r u wearing 2day?
Awww Sky is cute!
y not
Can't wait until May is over and have insurance again!
October 2nd  6pm, movie and FREE dinner in the FloCo/Historic courtyard!
Shaaaabam!
Thanks for coming out to the Guerrilla Air Celebrity Paintball Shootout!
: Tom Brady scores more than Zach Morris at prom with a pocket full of roofies
sounds like a truly Pyrrhic victory.
tweeps can speak truth to power but are also vulnerable to surveillance by power
Fish are friends not food.
what's that from misterRogers?
haha love you
I'm so happy you left your kindle.
Lol.
It's funny though b/c it makes Sean uncomfortable!!
Inappropriate HAHA.
RT : : Lmfaooo dis nigga sed i take dick in my ass!
No homo GAY ASS NIGGAS,,, smmfhthat's ya mans
I am wearing a lot of navy today.
I am a wall of navy.
Had an amazing event for Self and Brides Magazines at Blush Third ward, with  !
Massive spring hotness happening
hello everyone
My Outlook has gone crazy!
Yikes.
I'll buy ya a cup next week if you're around.
Oh and if you need baby stuff def let me know!
ok, the modem is provisioned.
details of what was done posted on the forum :
It was a pleasure meeting and chatting with you tonight.
Enjoy the nice weather and butterflies.
thanks for your response.
i have sent you an email.
Well, it's a win.
Not impressive, but still a win
Love this tune.
Strings are immense!
If your not registered to vote, what are you waiting for??????
fl studio...keyboard and protools.
your such a nice cousin
Dear followers.
From here on out this twitter will be devoted to naastl stuff, and most of you probably don't give a damn.
Just a heads up.
I didn't even finish all my homework but I have to go to bed now...
It's 3:40 am.
I get up at 6:40

Is there anything I can do in PeopleBrowsr without paying the fee?
When I login, everything I click on asks me to subscribe.
I Miss Vinny's Voice : 3
I missed this.
Sorry.
So I think you've answered your ?.
Particularly for mags, the iPad would be better choice.
Headed home.
I hate the BPL just a little bit today.
twitterrhea  is that the opposite of twittstapation?
Cuz I think that's what I have.
It's hard for me to tweet.
There's no way that she just texted me.
Oh God.
I must be doctoraming.
3
too bad i already know that .
can I get in on this frpom Baltimore!?!
JazzPlus with Greg Thomas about to hit radio airwaves  www.wvox.com.
Live Internet stream too.
Tune in to the swang!
doctorwning in Web videos!
.
the ban on houses with swimming pools  does that apply to both inground and aboveground models?
TIP: Being on the internet makes it easy for potential customers and lenders to learn about you.
I lick the gun when am done caz I know that revenge is sweet
Anything going on tonight?
nightmare :/ fed up!
Crap Friday night :
DARK SHADOWS TRIVIA QUESTION FOR DARK SHADOWS MOVIE PREMIERE TICKETS, coming up
She is, and we know it.
You have to give them a little area to wiggle though.
up late watching the game, happy to see the Cowboys handling bizzness
Yes you are :
Do you do your own Tumblr?
Your's is cool.
Okay school based slpeeps.
How many more IEP meetings do you have before the end of the school year?
Evals?
Ex: Roses by Outkast
last day of school tomorrow ..
get out at 10:30 ..
wtf am I gont do ?
somebody fwm
Help us get to 100 by the end of the day!
We donate to help findacure!
RT us and help us win the fight!
by close I mean it would be the equivalent to a 17 inning game 7 of the World Series ended by a walk off grand slam.
I know!
I'm trying to give it an honest shot.
Editing some family videos on it now.
What a sad and disappointing game.
I love them with my whole heart but an embarrasing performance, refs or not.
Lol that is so weird.
Makes me feel kind of awkward.
Haha
HAPPY DAY
Come into ZenDiego today for your Dental cleaning
RT At AdoptABlock at the join us every Saturday at 10 AM.
I know I'm no angel girl, but I'm not so bad.
So I can't spell in Spanish...
:P RT : cojones.
Cajones means doctorwer ;
...and then to get them back, the recording enginner KEEPS IT IN THE SONG so we know how they were treated
Why the fuck am i awake right now if I'm not going to school.
I am strong and life will never get me down, because the harder I fall, the higher I bounce...
I used to say,I sure hope things will change.Then I learned that the only way things are going to change for me is when I change.
Jim Rohn
Sprint and I just broke up.
I'll never doubt you again, Verizon.
I really miss you too I really need to see you before spring awakening
Correction: Main Library opens  11 am today.
Branches open  1pm
Friday night at the office...but March Madness on in the background.
That sound makes everything better.
Happy St.Patrick's Day!
Show your inner GREEN!
:D
Just saw some lady wearing a plastic bag on her head.
lolwut?
Sometimes I lie and sometimes I cheat.
Some say it's wrong; some say it's right.
I feel it's necessary to preserve one's self respect...
At least your name is not Mary.
Too many options in that onion layer.
Welcome and thanks for the follow and ...
glad to connect with you!
Got my brother's bachelor party in Atlantic City in April.
Any Suggestion on Hotels and things to do?
Already doing a friends MMA fight.
yeah girl : miss ya!
I LOVE YOU MONIQUE
PATHWAYS also an affirmation of what good lead learners are already doing.
Something newnot necessarily nefarious.
Dese Oreos GOOD A'F Gottah go get sum more
Hey so did you have fun with the boys and at the premier?
My problem with him is, his wife has to get sick for him to change his ways?
How about some respect for your colleagues?
She want a man, don't need a man
TY : RT Great way to slow down: have a familymeal.
Sitting down together to eat can be familytime  share the days events
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5 of the fleas present!
The other 95 live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
I am extremely sorry for causing any harm with our balloons.
It is my mistake.
I should've been smarter in...
Just left you a voicemail.
hit me when you get a chance.
ill be out there FriSunday this week w.
for work
thanks for stopping by!
glad you enjoyed.
Childoctorn grow faster in the spring.
In my system it just says Call Me Maybe Remix.
I'll try and find out more haha 
Days away now...Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva!
Are you ready Chicago?
The new junior boys is great white noise.
I've been listening for 20 mins and haven't noticed yet.
nice Engel post...I think my pal has a crush.
:
I'm 36 weeks but already dilated to 2/50effaced, lost the plug,  was up all night w/ contractions the night before last.
Sorry, Portia.
Incredibly busy week at work.
Hope you are doing well, my friend.
Thanks for the nice words.
yep, but I'm not much of a rubyist.
You?
race you to the pch!!
i love you more..
hahahahahahahahahaha.
That was unbelievable
oh thanks for the heads up!
That's what I'm talking about boy.
EL TORO is back.
cool!
We gotta go early for donuts!
When should we meet?
2700 per person you kidding me?
Wow.
What about Orlando CEO lol.
Just curious the cost on that.
Dean Mandel is a great spokesperson for libraries
So I am thinking of doing a Show tomorrow night.
What are your thoughts???
Haven't done a show since mid February.
When I am married we will have to dance at least 3 times a week.Slow or fast...the know how I like it.: 
Going to school tomorrow, even though It's for 1st period and then we go home.
A word to the wise ain't necessary  it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
Bill Cosby
I HATE BEING LATE!
.
impressive.
Your work is great!
Thanks for following guys, hopefully we will be meeting in the near future!!
www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers
are you playing a show in minneapolis?
I don't think so...
It said some more gonna come out later this year
Who's next for the legendary kill list no icon is safe!!
I figured.
Getting ready to board the plane back to Oakland.
Cactus League's been GREAT this year.
I'll upload the pics from the T3i soon!
Great day today...
thank you hydoctorbikers!
See you this weekend!
Any chance of you getting a job closer to home with the 99.5/104.3 mashup?
already on da road off to vol 6!!
make sure to visit the booth!
I agree with 's Brauff, I don't recommend Postini as a solution for adviser email archiving  record keeping.
that's even scarier.
Theres this girl in my class literally wears the same exact sweater since the first day of the semester...
Im about to tell her something
oh well that sucks but atleat you live close by the ICONic aBoyz, i like live thousands of miles away!:
You're freshmen not 21 get over yourselves
To you too!
Welcome back from your trip.
RT : SimplyLeap warm bagel hugs!
Ah everybody needs to watch that music video!
Tell your heart heads up.
is it earworm Tuesday?
:
Now gonna settle in and see if the Orioles can keep up this magic.
that's very true, hard to put into words what it takes to engage students so learning takes place, let alone all the rest!
On one level, I think there's a critique about TV body politics 1/2
Just found out bad news.:/
Well of course they'd love to win.
But winning would be an added bonus.
They don't set themselves up to win, LT or shortterm
A ton of talent is in Alabama, Georgia, Texas, New Jersey and many need help in LA, Nashville and London to get that first break
hey Rob!!3 please follow and make her day!3
It's gameday!
Hours until kickoff.
Putting finishing touches on some new  exciting things.
Looking forward to a great day!
what are you my wife
I hate pointless conversations.....
you are JUST now deciding to follow me...
lame.....
Total Recall: Movies With Matching Titles Safe isn't just the title of this weekend's Jason Statham MMA action thriller, it's also the na
Thanks for passing on the message, guys!
Rudy Gay is...
UNSTOPABLE
Thanks so much for coming out!
Thanks for your advice!
I'm not sure how patient I'll be with rice before trying alcohol
Harmon and Kelly are the doctoram team compared to Pipi and Popo
jet setting huh?
That's cool.
U have fun?
Yeah.
I move to LA a couple weeks ago.
dont worry: he will!
Just keep trying!!!
You can still sign up for tmw's CookBook webinar ljcookbooks Tuesday 4/24, 34 pm.
I think you should do it.
Game Time!!!
Cmon Patriots!!!
Pulling this all nighter is starting to suck...
ready to get this final over with already
Keep Me Company Beautiful : 
Because nobody compares to you .
Have you ever been to Memphis?
Writers write!
Get your pages turned in for feedback.
It isn't a talent contest; it's about getting pages done and then fixing them.
keep telling people about your spouses sex and someone other than you is going to feel it.
All my genealogy friends  what hotel do you like to stay at when you are in SLC visiting the FHL?
Finally saw Capitalism: A Love Story go Michael moore!
Getting mad at the news always gets me going on one thing or another.
:D You bet I got opinions!
And here they are!
what a great poem and terrific line..
A tribute to Mark Johnson!
Your support means the world to us!!!
We are so excited to be able to offer our team members training with !!
twitter that
I have the bad habit of memorizing excessive amounts of song lyrics.
Where do I store that info?
All art is but imitation of nature.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
hey how have you been.
ive been holding off on working on Cohesia until after Faded Fest, but id really like to meet up soon
Working hard on some new parties, events, and ideas.
Stay tuned!
Wrapping up here in the studio!
Excited to finally finish this EP and get it released!
How I'm spending my Thursday nite: sitting on a folding chair in the pedestrian mall at 41st and Broadway.
Do you know the wisdom of ,
Busted 12th...so disappointing!
I am changing my twitter account to 3rdscreentalent Please follow me there.
What's the proper way to explain a root canal to a child so it gets them to take care of their teeth better but doesn't traumatize them?
Gonna get braces in a week : Ah..
FML
The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care.
Sir Philip Sidney
That's awesome.
: Is Yellow Mamba racist?
I really don't know.
ABSOLUTELY Horrible Night
The Yankees have to take it tonight!
Who's going to the game tonight?
Join us on the pub crawl around the stadium.
rememberwhen people didn't leave you hanging?
Me either.
The nap got me feelin good !
the cake just got done waiting for it to cool off
Just met , and everyone at !
Very excited to be apart of the team!!
It's up to you to change your circumstances.
Scary, but empowering...
i love you both:
12quot vs 14quot Shank Router Bits  routers woodworking
Graduated from USC cinema with my two girls who have stayed with me through it all, and Love you girls
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 2001 Computer's operating system MAC OS X went on sale.
doctornking out of my tardis mug.
:D
2011 home opener for the Rams.
Lots of expectations with this years team.
Time to start the journey !!
yes it is.
My very first 4g / andoctorid.
yeah best I could do!
Lol
HI FROM UR FILIPINO FANS!!!
Hate it when feelings resurface.
It's not even so much that they do.
It's just that you remember.
they better never leave your phone!
Game time baby!!
Go Lone Oak:
Miami this weeknd?
;
Aw tell your Mommy I said Hello:!
I haven't seen you all in so long:!
I'm only gonna be here for a week:!
is quite possibly THE most underrated dancer/choreographer on this show.
Superb!
DWTS GMADancing perfect partner i
as long as you feed me your baby batter, in need of a good protein shot!!
This week has gone by so slow!
thanks for the follow, y'all she needs some followers BigShoutout :
...13?
I think.
Lol.
Does that make me a bad sister, because I'm not sure.
LMAO.
Awe!
Thank you for sharing :
ready for a weekend of buffoonery with
Judge: I don't think we'll reach Richard Caturano today  Prosecution likely to spill over into Wednesday.
I like the Nats, too.
Gio has our number this season.
the dark side does come with healthcare and retirement
IBM39;s new expert integrated systems line gets Linux update
Perfect Weather!:
FF These guys are Defining Sports Performance every day in Combine training.
Franny  I are goon balls
ah.
I hate wasps so much !
I would cry if I was you lol.
hi honey!!!!
Much love from ur san diego seoul sista.
Are you kidding me power out again!!
This is going to be a long game!!!
Happy Birthday, SugaBear!
Lindsay Lohan is BACK inside.
She needs Three Squares Greetings!
Of course.
I won't miss this shit.
Yw.
Glad u had a good bday party last night.
May 22nd , Meek Mill after party at the Longbranch .
hmu/dm for details
Just watched episode of PUNK'D  It made me want to get to my goal  meet her even more!
Love you!
LMFAO!
I'd like to see this!
Thank you for the awesome headshot.
You gave me a ton of options to choose from and they all turned out lovely.
You rock!
OH MY GOD.
I JUST SAW THE PREVIEW.
ASDFGHJKL.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU ON PUNKD.
Hope you're having a fantastic National Vet Tech week!
Stop by the library to take a peek at great vet tech resources.
What's up get at us Stoner skater alien people
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority.
William A.
Ward
mae 3 presentation...
fun
THE COW IS OPEN AND SHOWING THE GAME IF YOU SO DESIRE TO WATCH IT.....
Serving up some really good moo moo foo!
Giddy Up
Hi Sis Jenn.
God Bless ALL
Hey !
Hubbytobe  I just bought game tickets for the day after our wedding!
That's pretty good for an allnighter.
Do you need technical advice?
Butter vs.
Margarine ?
I trust cows over scientists.
My nigga got Loud on Deck
Hey Chuck.
I interviewed u for Newsday several years ago.
I'd like to catch up with your doings.
Pls email ur contact info to katti ...
Yes, I really did.
Over and over.
Unfortunately I'm not :
what kind of job you trying to get this summer?
Let's go Pacers.
Turn off the Heat
dudee I was watching the game plan thee other day and like your such a great actress seriously :
Super disappointed by the Bistro Burger in San Francisco Centre.
I might as well have gone to Burger King.
yum yum...
it's a miracle you stay so thin!
Best kinda chillin there is!
Much discussion BMAengage about how important video content is, even for very technical and industrial products, great examples
Sweet!
I am looking forward to it!
I'm going to do my Pop Culture Erikson assignment.
I'm kind of jazzed.
Rule 32: Enjoy the little things
Much Love!!!
It's just gettn started..
Got an show n Miami next week!!
The ChikFilA in mitchellville is like a treat for getting out of DC.
But she wont doctorp out, her parents'll look at er funny
follow back?
:
Thanks..
It looks cooler in real life!
I'm not on my personal enough..
Tweet me
can you guys please help me trend MyDirectionIsOneDirection please
still camping me broseph?
lmao im not jelly
Man its raining like shit outside.
Glad I didn't go out tonight.
I assume you left Pittsburgh?
World Peace lookin rusty in shootaround.
Kobe stayed at the FT line.
Nuggets still shooting long ball well.
believe it or not some girls can spend time with boys without fucking them.
Random people eating at my desk  holding an informal meeting.
I'm still here working!
TY for the radio mention : 5pm Monday?
I think that's 9am where I'm at.
I have a short meeting  will tune in  my desk
The movie Deep Throat cost less than 50,000 to make but earned over 100,000,000.
World of Beer Brady Street is coming in June!
MILWAUKEE CRAFT BEER LOVERS UNITE!
Cheers!
Honestly on Kelly clarkson's latest album is one of her best songs
Thanks for presenting today.
Hey, would you send me a link to your slide deck?
Fatboy will lounge StuartHouse Benefit presented by w family fun activities, live auction  Dave Matthews concert!
Flights booked.
Hotel booked.
Commanders palace reserved.
NOLA reserved.
Cochon reserved.
No tickets  nervous
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky
RT oh thank u for that.
: Look, I'm just gonna say it: I hate neon.
Every day in class have students write something you will read and check for grammar, regardless of the subject you
Ready for Gold Card week?
Come in and take advantage of the huge savings!
March 1st  7th.
Not a Gold Card member yet?
Only 11.99/yr.
here!
Dinner at Washington Square Diner, another hangout that is getting old.
lol same.
But I be been doing it since a long time
Always stand for something
There have been 190 reported data breaches this year, up from 142 in all of 2005.
Are your risk mgt.
poilcies addoctorssing cyber issues?
haha, ran out of toys...
you caught me.
wondering when I'll realize that lol
cheesecake factory......ok i'm sold ;
I heard that its Man U vs Chelsea tomorrow
I hope he does...I will put my faith in Him this year : b
Big dance fever for the Cats tonight
as press OR as BBC attendees?
yes ma'am!
What are you doing?
I'm counting the hours until Jenna  I go see Twilight: Breaking Dawn in the morning!
LOL Kristin Burns
Thanks Erica!
Give Indy a treat for me!
Working on a Sunday because I feel like it.
Am officially my father's daughter.
Who needs a boyfriend when you have  mitch?!
mahloverz 4eva 3
Absolutely gorgeous!
Never realized how much I miss the sight of palm trees, so beautiful when you never see them anymore!
After this family guy im goin to bed.
:
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.
Abraham Lincoln
People who turn small arguments into wars 
What i say?
o.o
where have you been?
:
If you won't treat her right, don't be mad when someone else does.
Appreciate it cuz!
Love ya man!
We're Awfully ..Good, :
lazy sunday :s
well why dont guys do the same so we know ??
I remember when my tweets were mostly hysterical.
Nowthey are mostly political and boring.
Back to my old ways of being funny starting now
Relish will be open tomorrow at 10am.
Here comes sparty...
big three by Austin Thornton cuts the lead to 2...2018 w/ 7:15 in the first
how old r u I am 17 going on 18 tomorrow
RT RT Retweet if you love the Browns and
Is visiting at the while he rocks out the late night shift.
How are you making an impact today?
Lying to the Boyz about where ur from, just To get a Shoutout/tweet is so irrelevant in so Many ways
No ben : hahaha in the comments: I feel like I was just told Santa isn't real
Can't wait for sunday bro!
Since u did beat me at Scrabble last night, u should def buy lottery tix!
Why don't u get 1 for me too?
U choose the 's please!
Mickael Pietrus leaves the game in a stretcher midway through the second quarter with a neck injury.
Hopefully this is not too serious.
SongsThatWillAlwaysBump toss it up by 2Pac Makaveli !!
..Real G's like they salad tossed..
My family is leaving for Mexico this weekend.
I'm gonna be at my house by myself for a week.
Is my mom crazy?
I get scared at night okay
m, chocolate milk
if charters grow, will this b less the case?
Let's do the impossible!
I'm a lot more frazzled today than I thought I would be.
Hope I'm not this flaky tomorrow morning when I meet with library Exec group.
Looking for 4th gr VA teachers to skype with a teacher from the Piedmont region.
Tumblr doesn't give you enough control
Did you start your day today with a workout or with breakfast?
Be sure to start every morning with one of the two to get your metabolism up!
Thank you for the follow.
We can definitely learn something from you!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 103
this is the WORST sub ive had in my entire life
happy birthday now you are one year older
lol coming to school tomorrow ?
There are food carts starting to line up on 23rd Street down by Crystal doctorve.
Another thing to love about spring!
I just turned 31 this year.
I'm so much more mature than younger journals, but am I still good looking enough to date younger journals?
That is good news.
What about on Amazon?
First official IATF tweet!
Thanks so much to our friends and family!
Special thanks to for all the help!
only u can do that SIS!!!!!!
Did you know the potato originated in Peru 8,000 years ago  China is now the largest potato producing country in the world.
meet me there after freedom...
their service starts
Should be sleeping but i'm not!
I am my own worst enemy!
Honestly, I think it really depends on the person.I've had great bosses who were men  women  trouble w/ both too.
This is so weird!
I can see when you  reply to me, but only in my reg.
timeline.
When I look at your professorle, denied.
So far it's been 4 days without softball..I don't think I can handle this anymore..
doctornking some wine while  I put up the tree.
AawwwwyyyeahhhhhH!!!!!!
Another metro hockey coach under investigation.
The district's response at 10 on
that thing we didn't talk about at your place a couple weeks ago...i think it's really happening, or not happening ; 
they picked your brain
MTA's amendment proposal was discussed at Electoral Reform WG .
Looks good so far!
When sings tonight, I hope she's singing to me.
She'll be bringingit at tonight!
Do you really use gaming to help students prepare for one of what I am assuming is one of the most rigorous exams in the US?
Him: So what's up on Twitter this morning?
Me: Twitter voted, they think you are a jackass too.
Him: It's gonna be a long day isn't it?
Not yet but am going i think its til 9:30.
Where are u?
RT : Are you there!?
Until when!!?????
is an adolescent tweeter
I got a free Otterbox today cause I sent an email saying my clips broke!!
House party was amazin!
When I see Mitt all I see is a man in the pitch black of night on a train track, with a light bearing down on him.
I saw your mommy and your mommy was dead...
Care package contents from home: gum, cereal, tea, snack bars, nutella OLD BAY!
I'm back in town.
Recovered from the SXSW SARS.
Checking out new brunch on patio.
Smells great!
Patio open!
Thanks for the shoutout many welcomes to you!
We appreciate you!!
:
We talked about Harp the other day :D
thank you so much!!!!
Game only works if the girls willin...if not, its called stalking
bartenderme.com is officially up and running, just in time for cinco de mayo!
Yes lol RT : I have work study but i don't completely understand how it works, should i accept it?
lol
BUDGETING TIP: Use Listerine as a mixer...
Fights gingivitis while simultaneously getting you wasted!
I need some retweet love all things shutterfoundoctor on the feed please
Got the colonel pin
We are so far apart yet so united in our struggle for human rights says Rose Cunningham, MAdoctor partner from
When it all falls down.
Just got your CD and it is amazing i can't stop listening to it!!!
I love you guys so much 3 3 3 3
To the original Choosey Chicks...MOMS!!!
Happy, Happy Mothers Day!!!
Landed at 12:56 mission accomplished.
In the arctic tundoctor for a few days :
my name?
in rotation on these niggas lips, especially when they be pillow talking with a bitch.
Sister Date tonight
Y is the data package 20 now att u suck rite now
u r fashion roadkill
Is it just me, or do these look NOTHING like candy dispensers.
I'm reminded of something else entirely...but, THAT'S JUST ME.
;
I want to be the Primisterse Everdeen of the Mega Millions Jackpot.
makes you stand out!
1 : Boston is 3 for 3 as winners for sxsw accelerator!!
Congrats ,  Go, Boston!!
AwwYeah!
Big or small, lies are lies
Not a video I know of but I know there are a couple of podcasts on about
Probably.
I've learned it's just easier if you breathe into it;
About to go over these lines hope doesn't flake on me tonight.
NowPlaying Make Music, Give It Away by
thank you for the recommendation!
We'd love to give you a tour of the property!
Now that I'm at the end of Olmstead's The Coldest Night, any early reservations I had are gone; the section during the Korean War?
Brutal!
Hi talented one!!!
Zephyr may go from Emeryville to Chicago, but it isn't as pretty as Coast Starlight  Empire Builder.
Just saying.
ok so there39;s nothing i need to explain.
who decided to tell me?
i learned a month later  i disagreed with arrangements when i was
Just heard that Contra Costa Jewish Community Center has announced today it is closing its doors within 48 hours.
What?!
Kevin Smith Ben Tate Kahlil Bell or Thomas Jones?
Plz help
Almost out of work..
iJustWannaSay Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.
What for?
Happy Boxing Day everyone.
hip hip if it's old school like biggie and tupac.
Metal if it's any hip hop made in the last 10 yrs besides eminem jayz or 50
thanks for your response...I understand.
Good luck with everything :
I course you did.
want to meet up end of the week to catch up?
This kid is crazy
Rankings are team's 12 best results from worldwide events from Jan.
2011June 2012.
So they're playing everywhere to doctorp past poor finishes
H A T E R S RT : its probably bc they haven't picked on us n a while.
They gotta dig something up on us!
ON NOW: Talking with the guys at Sports Radio 1250 about the Packer game!
yeah he's the meaning to perfect ;
: We just made eye contact...
Yepp he wants the D wow..
That's how you feel?
Lmao
Thanks, Roberta.
Cleveland half not that far off.
Ready?
most of my students are at least bilingual, so its no rush...just don't like the barrier with the kids that have no ingles
some real shit right there yo
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
I have no idea what Angry Birds is either, other than its a game.
My phone is too ghetto for that kind of stuff.
German Shepherd prefers lampshade over salami.
I have a shit ton of salami and no extra lampshades.
Gonna crash though
Sous chef suggests a spicy Pinot noir or Grenache!
Enjoy...I love it with mash or buttery egg noodles.
SAMUEL BEING LIAM.
YES FUCK YES.
We need plan B because plan A rocked.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE.
Michele Mattia
What motivates you to tackle big projects?
Looking for something cheap to do this weekend Nashville?
What about a round of golf, a nice dinner, maybe even a show ttp://tiny.cc/8jtmT
of course!
The other guy is my best friend from HS  he occasionally posts photo collections on his blog, they're always great!
Thanks!
We're ready to celebrate!
RT : Ready to be inspired at annual meeting.
Lots of great work being done in Indy!
Next time i'll doctornktext you to make up for it
I've lost my phone number  can I have yours?
: My weed smells like kush Skywalker Kush to be exact!
Gators leave bases loaded AGAIN, head into 4th 11.
So I fall asleep and I wake up to find 41 Flyers...
ugh...
I don't like.
Farrah Fawcett had a killer ass.
Congratulations to Kenny Frett for winning the Ring of Fire Tickets.
Dang girl, you're hawt.
Be mine 
All u have to do is hit msgs and in direct message type in BIGTIMELOCO in the box below write wat ever n I'll reply ok
All good, thx for following
don't the writers have the blame?
How is MLB at fault for the Santo thing?
West coast mixtape coming soon send you track to my email
not your fault.
Unless it is.
In which case, you can't hang with me and Hugh at the premiere of Connect Four.
;
Watching heavyweights w the jr wifey.
Chris Brown  Pitbull performing International Love
If you had unlimited resources, where would you travel?
wow i love the 1D fandom SO much.
you guys are awesome : just think of how many trends there will be ON his birthday!
Hi Glen I will look into your application and get back to you as soon as possible
My Mother inspires me.
How many of you read food labels?
Are there ingredients that make you not purchase a product?
Whoa!!
Was it the acting or the script?
3WordsForYou It's My Life
ha!
Awesome.
What's your company?
Our tour w/ the Pink spiders hits Barrington, IL tonight at the Penny Road Pub.
come hang!
IU Fans will say they want you until you don't pick them, then they will hate you.
Come to KENTUCKY
blow away half the crowd at Guthrie gala.
Other half just confused
Amazing!
What a cool experience.
Entourage studio  the best,  we love our trio Avail ETA 3/24?
Most of us.
Can't speak for and that party girl dance he did the other night.
dude you like fell off the face of the earth.
Word.
Never is more like it.
RT : Messi was just stonewalled in front of the goal thrice.
Don't see that often.
: Oh, you're from One Direction?
Excuse me while I take my clothes off.
???
when it's all finished i'll send ya a link..
Tie game!
Mexico gets one in the 75th minute.
11
It appears that broke on the iPhone.
Time to find a new mindless game to play.

what about your cousin
Stop by after work today  let buy you a doctornk!
We're here now until 9pm!
King's Island is dummy packed that one way on the block furr sho
It is important to be a critical thinker
The Tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal.
The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.Benjamin Mays
you can get me at Kelly at saucewear dot com
You should know that God Loves you today!
Failure is not the problem, quitting is.
You have not failed, try it a different way or try something new.
Failure is a sign to keep on.
who can we contact for interview inquiries?
dog days by florence  the machine , any paramore song !
i can't even.
Hey guys!
We are currently booking our summer tour, where would you like to see us?!
Roll Tide.
Donation for your birthday has been made.
Hope you have a great day!!
The online copyright war: the day the internet hit back at big media  The Guardian
my head sill hurts VERY BAD from fangirling the whole time!!
OMG 
To develop friendships, stop trying to be interesting  just be interested in others.
Don't let it end like this.
Tell them I said something.
Pancho Villa's last words...
Mexican bandit  revolutionary

RT : BREAKING: Penn State coach Joe Paterno near death, family summoning close friends to hospital for final goodbyes.
if you don't like black girls, don't like black girls then.
that's your prerogative but twitter does not care.
nigga, bye.
THANKS to those who have already given to we still have a ways to go to meet goal of 500 kids in Guatemala,call 855330HOPE
Good morning Jessica  still interested in a chat?
You must be traveling!
Thanks, man.
RT Read my story on the SA Scorpions soccer team in April issue of San Antonio Magazine.
Fuck the rangers man...
I'm so fuckin pissed
Tonight taco Tuesday at Stingers it's going tonight.....
for how long?
thank you so much for the symbol!
I love it!
You guys were awesome tonight.
:
I'm all in agreement.
Before you know it, your fancy beer will be gone.
Never to be seen again.
Aww, now I want to be a public librarian.
Her smile
Omg me and samara just doctorpped eggs in the middle of HEB 
Hmm, perhaps.
Some was in play preFree State as well though.
Yeats worked from within Irish canon/hierarchy.
Can't
Found out that JoAnn Falleta, music director Virginia and Buffalo is a Februaryborn.
Great example of a seasoned personality.
Success!!!!
We ALL can't wait for the new episode tonight!!
;
I feel Better I didn't say I could spell betta!
too many fires at home to deal with so got to the convention center way late for the catcode meetup.
Y'all look awesomely engaged in it tho
everything shines when she illumines selena is near any dark
At the strangest party of my life.
But they got late nite Doritos.
America.
Happy Fourth!
Can we pull ur music from ur website?
I feel that
doctorVE.
Whoa.
Yes.
Maybe my boyfriend could come home this year.
.
score!!
Congrats  and we think it's only right you do the ceremony and reception here!
Seriously...
Listening to a hater talking about Taylor Swift and thinking lie, lie, lie and lie.
Im not with them anymore.
They were nice though.
It's so hard finding the right team.
Just keep on keeping on!
I DONT LIKE misterJOHN LAURINIDOUS HE SUCKS MONKEY BALLS!!!
bout to leave this club and prepare for a busy week
yes!
It's amazing.
And thanks :
Love interviewing candidates!
People say the darndest things!
: USC Geologies doctor Dolan takes apart BH concerns about tunneling under high school.
Notes BH was former satisfied client
so very true, if only corporations would learn that they give up their power when they loose sight that PEOPLE BUY FROM PEOPLE
different than going out of your way to try an injure people
I hope you had a good time!
It's a fun place to see a game.
You can only be young once.
But you can always be immature!!!
Hope you have a great day today!
Tweet when u can  tell us what's up at
are u following mee?
Would you take the over or under for the Baltimore game this Sunday??
Can I take credit for the weather?
I'll give you credit for the great sushi.
Titus Maccius Plautus There are occasions when it is undoubtedly better to incur loss than to make gain.
If only you followed me.......
to all my new england friends, keep the faith.
spring is close.
cherry blossoms have bloomed in maryland.
warm weather is heading our way.
I though we ordered a real AfricanErik thecoloroffriendship one of my favorite quotes:
City Attny says Prop G is mentioned in financing plan between Port and ChulaVista b/c the city law will have to be followed.
doctornk before you think 
Hi Shirley!
Home?
I'm doing well.
Have to be up at 3 am but can't sleep.
How r u doing?
There was an old woman who lived in a shoe, who had so many childoctorn to feed she bought her brown, local eggs at Scottsville Farmers Market.
You think anyone could give me shoutouts??
i'm trying for 1000 followers by may 31st :
just broke my phone case..oh well!lol
Hoping your day has been great!
I sent an email your way earlier.
Will you be available in about an hour or we can chat A.M.
This also makes me quite happy.
Going to go read.
A book.
Not internet stuff.
Sometimes words come at just the right time.
sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy!
It's not your achievements that make you who you are it is your choices.
definitely.
It sold out last year in 30 mins.
Price is only 100.
I'll be on :59 refreshing my browser :
lmao..hell yeah!!
Best part of the day?
Tonight when Iowa caucus is finally over.
Two years of build up  hope it's worth it!

I think you would like Korean escargot  it's more like clam than stinky snail : cc
Crazy day!
Emergency shoot for Harvard Law Review in Malibu and then to Newport Beach!
i've always been intrigued by the commercials.
is the show worth getting into?
Congratulations to ORPET on the grand opening of their PET recycling plant in St.
Helens!
I take my childoctorn everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
Robert Orben
who makes your skins dude?
I use the Twitter app for iPhone!
:
NKOTBSB in DC tomorrow!
:
2:05am ..
ignore the bar because its water time
At Tim Horton's doctorve thru and employees are singing show tunes from Aladdin
red or purple lipstick today....purple it is, got that ruffle/prince thing goin on 2day
Yes I have!
And yes it was!
Best not to think of it as a pitch though.
It's nice, right?
Welcome to LA!
:
Do u ever fucc up then make the same mistake.
Then the same mistake.
Then the same mistake again again.
Ion kno why I never learn.
Nice, can't beat a psycho Jack Nicholson, Stanley Kubrick as the director, and a Steven King inspired movie.
Good morning Cleveland!!!
With the green film of tree pollen coating our cars, it's no wonder my allergies are acting up today.
I'm really hoping the incredibly obnoxious preteen in this gets brutally murdered.
What a little shit.
PS YES!
When?
maybe it will encourage others to identify the extent of impact rather than just doing it bc it's trendy
Lots of love for the folks  Half Italian on Milwaukee in logansquare!!
Good luck on the grand opening this weekend!
Historic Brumder Mansion Bed n Breakfast Large luxurious whirlpool rooms with fireplaces Call Monica 414/2182202 milwaukeebedbreakfast.com
i just found another Nolan Rudi on facebook...
lookin forward to hangin out
I believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean you're alive.
oh well.....
I CHARGED MY PHONE....AND.
ITS WORKING NOW.
:
They've made their pt.
Now go home and effect change, starting with self.
: You can't be a player forever man tyga cut that rb shit out
is that the new cover
My nails just blossomed and it's not awesome...
Stuck to my guns and limited myself to a single happy hour doctornk so that I could still get in a speed workout.
1/2marathontraining
Audience is nice.
Watching the Daily Show
On the road to San Francisco to see !
I'm feeling the sting of a retrograde in Pisces...ugh!
Make it go away Susan !
Here at work mindset is on killing this show at teen nation in a few hours
Good morning!
House Blend and Sumatran brewed today :
You arent missing much..
im tryna leave it...
RT : TellMeWhy I still haven't been to Vegas tho /:
im freaking confused  but yeah, anyways....do you like Cody?
Ground sourcing kindness.
One person, each day, big impact Thnx for following the consensus hub
excuse me while I go watch that scene in y tu mama tambien
If you are looking for superior entertainment that is a cut above the rest, look no more!
REMIX is the perfect choice for any and every o
Story of my life!
RT I wanna sleep but I can't I wanna cuddle but with who
So I have known about my English paper due Friday for the last two weeks, and I still haven't started on it...
Slept for 2 hours.
Tired.
Eyes are puffy and red.
It's cold.
I wish my hair would grow faster.
Doesn't feel like a Friday.
It's i changed my name
stupid conscience ruined everything
Hi selena, nice to meet you, i'm justin your very beautiful we should go out sometime
You can hear Dark Summer Dawn on Spotify if you search under our old name Deejer.
glad to see you join the Falcons!
Love your playstyle and think you will have a great career in the red and black!
Congrats!!
Friday Tweetcast: Sunny sky, highs hit the lower 80s.
Rain returns late Sat and Sunday.
Could be very wet for Mother's Day.
There's no getting over it.
Patrick I never said that.
I thought it, but never said it...I swear.
I'm sorry about the Following mix up!
My partner was following lots of people and I went through deleting.
Can we be...
Well if we must, then I'm game.
For the sake of my health, of course.
Those pretty girls can play their game, but they're damn well gonna know my name.
I'm a crazy exgirlfriend.
Want to know why I'm a Mac person?
Because halfway through a job, the Mac doesn't crash!!!!
Urgh!
You say you want to be friends, but you're so rude to me.
Natalie, loved talk about Passion gphdoctorams event!!
There is the Sonic Boom in Conway
Doctor says I need a backeotomy.
wish I was with you kiddos taking some tequilla shots!
Finding Hope opening credits and trailer locked.
Final cut on the way!
I hate gotye...there I said it.
hahaha thats hilarious.
bosh has never done anything that funny in his life
Damn it's been one year.
Miss you brother.
Community ImpactArts Partnership Fusion2012 nominees: DuluthFineArts League
RT IF YOU WANT A BOYFRIEND!
I WANT A BOYFRIEND3
Giddy up
I'll be performing in a quartet tonight w/  music of Mingus  Dolphy 9 pm, free
Yea I might jus go ahead nd sell it..I need some money anyway
After a recent visit from a great group of local veterans, weve adopted a new policyfree admission for all veterans
dependency/version hell in R: install.packages failed: No definition for superclass namedList in ...
XMLOutputStream
What the hell.
I just saw a pair or emu's...
In someone's backyard.
But this is michigan.
what.
OO
Does anyone know a reputable place to sell old comic books for a good price?
WHERE WHERE WHERE
Doing mad statistics
im sayinn they trynna include you in the masses and ishh.
if it says your name then maybe reply lol
Court gets my presence ahead of y'all
OK FINE
All I want for Christmas is : please follow me!333
yard work today!!!
Dear Face Wash Commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that.
Sincerely, my whole bathroom floor is wet.
.
Can't wait for the upcoming conventions to show off all of our progress, new products, and the new face of Gemeinhardt!
That Awkward Moment when you're trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.
I don't feel QR Codes have caught on to the masses as much that it would help.
yeah me too!
Guess we will have to stay up late and try and get noticed and we'll tweet them so much AB
Hope he alrite,Hater
Excellent points.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning  Ivy Baker Priest
Vermes knows a new DP signing will wash this Bravo incident from the minds of the SKC faithful.
All the harmonious departure talk is bull
Why make promises if your not going to stick with them ?
Great improvement...tnx
I was a Bill Cowher Steeler fan.
Black and yellow, black and yellow!
i wanna go there someday!!
Yeah!
I Read It On This Thing I Found.
You Learn Something New Everyday!
Lol : xx
How many tickets did you get?
Who is having worse heart failure with the MCFC implosion or  in celebration of the implosion?
one of the guys that is apart of 's team followed me : OMG
Friday nite delight: pizza and 2007 Red Splash by
Thanks So Much :
RT : In the words of the legendary : Screw this.
I'm going to Bub's at the Ball Park.
I need a beer.
Sipping at the crib bumping Scarface  No Tears;
PLEASE FOLLOW !!
1
roger that!
;
WCG is hiding a geocache somewhere in PDX.
1st to find the cache wins 2 tickets to meet the band  go to the PDX show Nov 11
Boehner liked that one.
Fire only came out of ONE of his eyes.
i know right.
Imagine your street would be as dark as it is tonight if the city never put street lights on your roads.
Edwin Hubbel Chapin Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
I'm not sure why you're following me but in no way, shape or form will I ever vote for Perry...
lol I can't
Still have a spot when I'm in town for next season?
lol
aww no problem!
I hope you had a great day!!
10 away from hitting the next zoom!
Who wants to get there?!
We think you'll like what you'll see.
hey Joey!
I know!
I love hanging out with you and your family!
:
Chipotle burritos seem to have gotten smaller over time
Are you in Denver/Arvada?
Come to our Auction for Action THIS saturday at the DNote in Arvada!!
erl12 consolidate changed titles has to be done manually
Should work as long as they don't mind the puppy being public
have five hours before next assignment...taking a nap in five, four, three, two...z
lol no I've retired the baking business.
Unless I get back up with cj lol
When you slide your hand up a guys gym shorts and they're not wearing anything under.
I received K about New Media from Thank you Andy!
Have a great weekend.
was looking at AD 606 and it is Problems In Visual Design..
is that the branding class?
That last tweet should have been an MT...
I'm good hbu
Online schedule is the best way to know for sure either way :
Getting my oil changed...
How much you wannabet they come tell me I need a dozen other things checked changed and serviced.
Sunshine of Your Loaf
You know life is good when you can't sleep because you can't stop thinking of what's ahead!
Is This Week in VC ever coming back?
I miss your show!
The juice was worth the squeeze
S/O to my BESTFRIEND in the world for being the Birthday girl : hehehe !
Love you 
That was a pretty sizable chunk of someone else's splitter they just pulled from Kimi's car
you can eat food poison but you can get it ....
And idk girl I was just sitting down tryna open a bottle of juice nd blllaahh
Every business in Boston wants to but it can't happen right?
Wrong SEO, and Twitter can bring traffic to the door Quick.
I'll be in mtadams with and all evening; not sure about Brook.
Josh still recuperating.
I know what they mean.
I'm not sure you and do.
Otherwise you wouldn't use them as sweeping pejoratives.
swimwear and flip flops are packed!!
Progress!
I look like a vein is about to burst.
: in my kitchen...I made it last night Yummy!
Need that recipe OR add that as an amenity for photo clients!
:
I see that you get lost without the oxford comma.
thanks for the headsup.
Everyone is safe and sound.
Crazy so close.
Hi Beauty  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
waves, crashing.....
I'm watching the latest episode of TheWalkingDead ...will I be disappointed?
Love the opening scene now it's on 2 the soap opera, oh boy...
Donkey raping shit eater.
Ray at Night is still happening every second Saturday of the month.
Can get a little crowded, but always fun.
:
We're at the National Genealogical Society Family History Conference in Cincinnati, Ohio!
Come see us at booth 625
I'm relieved actually.
I didnt want James Cameron anywhere near this title.
I like it too much Are you upset about BattleAngel?
The weather isn't so bad if you're wearing the right thing and your at the right place : especially after a nice cold shower!
Casting pearls before swine
nothing like getting woken up an hour before you have to.
Its not my fault i fell for you You tripped me!
Readyy to go
I'm placing my heart and soul into this ..I take this serious who ever said being successful was a joke or a hobbie
ah, that's cute
fine bark at me when I scrape my undercarriage on the doctorveway.
jeez neighbor's dog, you're just like my dad
Oh LAWD!, I just realized I have 1000 followers on the dot.
Til I get unfollowed by 20 people.
Wonder who lucky number 1000 was?
MT : We will be giving away free books ALL WEEK LONG on Twitter  stay tuned to find out when to enter!
I be wondering if fat people be warm in the cold.
Merry Christmas Happy New Year to everyone
is that Frings?
I'm sure he has fond memories of there.
Came a long way from RUN HOUSE...
Maybe it's cause I'm tired af but my bed feel just a lil mo comfortable tonite than usual.
Holla at yall twiggas later.
Ive thought bout goin into the army but im scared i might not come back and if i do who wld i have lost while i was away?

Probably the Jennings end ...
but it's a winwin.
No clear winner.
lol I've done it.
But the key word is PASSION.
You can treat me like a queen but if there's no passion, we done!
Break a leg!
Slow cooked Sirloin Roast with Garlic Chive Mashed Potatoes.
Can't wait for Roast Beef Sandwiches this week...
backstage with Nora Jones and Lecrae.
Waiting for the photo op...
RT : Just finished setting up our company Twitter account !
Please follow us today for mortgage news  updates!
upabos12 I went to Altec Plastics and got a piece of scrap plastic for the mobile usability test sled I showed during my 1pm talk
: RT : Happy Friday  Remember to share your smiles with someone who needs them!
Happiness is a gift to be shared!
Just two this month.
As for time, I am lacking it.
And I should be working right now.
In fact...
its not so much as the destination as the journey, its not to be able to live forever but to be able to live with yourself forever
yep that too, n he was Like What!!
n that accent
Florida State Rugby on to the Conference Finals tomorrow!
Great win today!!
Next up, our favorites UCF.
Its time ta do it!
because Saturday, Saturday, Saturday just sounds funny.
Thank you.
I'd love to come to Philly but unfortunately I just seem to be bouncing back between LA and Europe.
Got to...
Ronnie Chasen shot dead on Sunset, Beverly Hills last night?!?!
What the heck!
I been out since like 9:15 this morning
These damn hiccups ugh.
I then had em for 30 mins
I received K in christianity from , thanks so much!
:
thank you bb!
Fire official says blaze at Woodburn High School started in wood shop or metal shop
hell ya dude we r going hard at
it aint about how hard ya hit.
Its about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward.
That's how winning is done!
whatever label you slap on, its working for you.
Hope you are well.
pft just because I spelled Have wrong doesn't mean shit u little kid.
Everyone who got an invite to the award ceramony thought they were Student of the Year until we realized they all said that.
Lmfao
BIG UPS TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE.
NOTHING WOULD BE POSSIBLE WITHOUT THEIR SACRIFICE AND LOVE!!!!!
Tomorrow should be interesting.
o.O I can't wait to see RED live!!!
/
Although I'm a little late I want to wish you a happy mothers day!
I genuinely appreciate you raising Austin into who he is.
Meeeeeah
Lol RT : You a pretty smart lady!: to be the best do as the best do plus some!
I'm skeptical of the Travolta case.
Something's fishy there.
very interesting precedent  blocking your constituents from communicating with you if you don't like their point of view.
Don't tell anyone, that's our secret :
Yes.
I agree with you 100
: No, I meant that experience and eduation work together/mutually beneficial.
Oh wow!!
That looks dope!!
I need to do something FUN with my day off tomorrow or I'm just going to doctorve myself nuts worrying about work all day.
U know ur doing something wrong when an injury to Phil Jagielka can ruin your entire day.
Lame ass broads only talk about relationships, fashion and partying.
6...
Guys that will do anything to see you smile;
Doremifasolati, forget about french fries  instead grill zucchini.
Doremifasolati, get your ass off the couch  jump rope w/me.
there is nothing sociologically relevant about a tan vagina.
Perhaps why women want tan vaginas, but don't have to look a one.
: Needs to come do.my hair lol u need to COME get yo hair done
Dinner at White Chocolate Grill with John and Terry :
the song call me maybe is insanely addicting.
Are you having trouble with ?
I've been having some upload issues today myself.
hope all is okay
More good news for IUHoops RT: I just announced to our camp that Calbert Cheaney is joining our staff as Director of Basketball Ops
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm
I love living without weekends...I got to do a few hours of work on my thesis and then actually go to work and then back to thesis
I could browse in The Careful Peach for hours...they sell beautiful tableware, soaps, table linens  jewelry...
m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
Cute!
Looks like Disney didn't make him tired enough!
good in class missing the hubby
Lets go Bulls!
I just caught a fly!
thanks so much
can't deliver till the 15.
Supposed to be delivered on the 10th.
If you learn something from a defeat it isnt a loss.
I'm losing pinterest in this semester by the hour.
Thanks for the follow.
Unfortunately we can't make the festival this time around.
Hope it goes well!
sleep comes at a premium
Announcing our 2012 Black History Month grantees!
DC's and DC Students Construction Trades Foundation!
Agree w/ World Peace 7game suspension.
I would have done reg season finale  entire first rd of playoffs
so you didnt play like 20 hands?
Boo hoo, lag.
SAYSOMETHING summer jam!
Jury duty safely averted!
You mean you've been having Wendy's for 4 days straight, 
love it
Fake life i miss da most imp thing ever in my life
take some aspirin, ok?
Congrats to Madison and McKinnley for booking a commercial.
now I'll grab you by your hand.
Hand you another doctornk.
doctornk it if you can!
I'm with Delta Air Lines.
Can you IM your contact info to ?
Thanks.
caps KEEP up the pressure.
Feeling like a true barstar at the pace; they gave me an actually GLASS; no plastic.
I'm the
EXACTLY :p haha
Turkey Hill gets ingame editorial love from Lieter  co.
on YES Network.
Bronx Bomber Sundae?
Nick Swisher not available for alliteration?
I was just saying other words for fun bags..
I wasn't sure u knew ..
Another week has flown by!
Ready again for rpcvchat starting now.
I KNOW!!!!
i was kidding too!
Are you mad that I'm whistling with you?
DM me your texting numbers on your iPod so I can call you
Same , Bored .
Your Cute ;
I didn't like the other bands that played with them.
ur welcome.
My favorite Mexican restaurant!
I'm lost.
Is this a doctoram..
: ...
Wish I remembered the number..10 million, it's not none just less than 1
not sure why you would ask that?
Do you count MD as north?
;
should I look behind me omfg
is this still on for 2012?
RT : hey!
will u please give me a shout out??;
The is about to get some from !
I want to look like I lived life, not just sat on the sidelines.
Hip hop smoothed out on the RB tip with a pop feel, appeal, to it.
On a road trip with  !
Just passed Grandpa's Cheesebarn  the Lodi outlets.
May stop at both on our way home.
;
Why not work out with a partner?
Have a dog?
Take them along with you.
They will love the exercise and keep you motivated.
lol  text me
I agree, you can't remake Scarface, best film of all time.
We need a Freedomtown uprising in the theaters.
Good morning lovely!
LET IT SNOW!!!!
There's a few kinda good Timbaland instrumentals floating around in Petey's discography.
Getting up at 4am sucks.
Getting to walk around Chicago at sunrise when all the birds are up?
Magical.
Dinner, wine, and flowers all for me.
Wow!
Finally remembered to add !.jar to my global File search in Eclipse to exclude jars.
Man that speeds things up.
haha u must think I'm the girl
if you want a real answer email me .net
it was so good!
Free liq on me tonight !!!!!!
u did not mention u r watching it with me ;
What is your Vision?
What do you see yourself as and where do you see yourself in the next few days, Weeks, years?
I'm not a fan.
Someone is going to die tonight.
Think I'm bout to go swimming
And the salsa!
Did you change your twitter handle?
Certainly!
Follow us at and direct message the mailing addoctorss.
Glad to help the
It's Sunday!
It's Football!
It's 3 Jagers, 2 Tecate  PBR, 4 Jameson's.......You get the picture...All the games, and 1 wings!
: good book for anyone wanting to market a product in the US right now.
Value is not as important as the appearance of Value
: After party for the californiadoctoramstour is  PINK!
Go OkLaHoMa!
BOOMER SOONER!
Your welcome.
I hope he can!
,
sounds good!
Thank you for the mention.
Live, Breathe, Web.
It's what I do here.
Check out the updated web portfolio for Ed Roper Designs, and throw me a like....
Ahahahahah!
yes!
I need a full set of those beer glasses ASAP!
Stay Strong...
Thats all you can do right now.
Yahoo!
RT: 15 minutes to the live chat
do you have the stuff to process your own?
If not, I'd recommend for your BW good price for processscan
Shout out to lukemoron getting the job done tonight statebound AND
Sexy  I Love That Tats
go with flipflops, torn jean shorts and a tank top.
I respect Cotto though.
But Manny beating Floyd you crazy.
Ugh.
RT : Jim Nantz and Phil Simms are your new Madden 13 broadcasters.
I deeply apologize to everyone for this.
Hey ppl retweet go follow she is nice and sweet auot follow bck
Will he stay or will he go?
Donald doctorver's Dancing with Stars fate decided in next 15 minutes.
Mark, I'm wondering if there's something we could do with the new hymns project with missionaries?
Fuck I forgot it was paco's birthday!!!
Happy late birthday baby!!!!!
Legitimately one of my favorite songs, and I plan to live the lyrics.
haha I was like what?!?
They probably had alternate endings made if they didn't get picked up.
crossing fingers
love ya schelf, be ya schelf, put ya schelf on a schelf
RT Rookie of the year: CJ Sapong.
hear that ?
Favorite movie you've seen recently?
Roll Tide!!!!
Texting half asleep 
Baseball HOF pitcher Phil Niekro to throw out first pitch  tonights congressional baseball game  Nats stadium
LOL.
As soon as my finances are right I will be buy'n a Macbook as well...!
justify the cost of my season tickets.
na uh cause I use my blinkers when I doctorve!!
Haha 
: A Chevy shout out to our new followers Thanks for your support : no, thank you
Hey!
Just saw pics of the kids.
So adorable!
Hope all is well.
Would love to come visit.
:
roger, thanks so much : glad you're enjoying it!!
eww how I hate mornings
First20SongsOnShuffle Feel Good skip 18 songs then Passin' Out Money
Yep, I think you'll like it...
I'm intrigued by it.
And wow, couldn't be more different from their other show!
We had a great session with yesterday.
IMPROVING EVERYDAY!!
Thanks!!
Can't wait 4 U to meet her.
More pics to come : XO
Is the recipe good?
: Has Messi had a shot NOT blocked by a Chelsea defender...?
And: doctorgba's got to stop with that.
seriously
Have a great evening!
thank you all:D I do care about my fans!
RT : Yes it's cool It shows you...
The combination of pizza, popcorn and soda never fails to bring back memories of Friday nights as a child.
Fans like me around the world are over the moon with joy for you!
You deserve every bit of it!
Enjoy tonight!!
I love waking up on Mondays to cross off newly released tracks from my need to find list.
Mondays don't suck after all
Welcome Tom.
While we won't solve the world's problems, we will do some cool shit.
just heard stains on and about the grand rapids show.
.stoked.
!!m/
: When artists become their coaches...
rocking a very ensemble.
Is that ?
TheVoice haha
Literally had the most random night with !
Watch out for creepy McDonald's man tonight
40 more followers to go til we hit 4,000.
RT and help me get there.
You guys are the best!
3
7 more days !
I cant wait:
HowImGRAND I keep my family close to my heart.
3 They're my everything!
people are dumb.
Trihipster area  I love it!
happy birthday Lisa!!!
i may or may not wish you happy birthday in class tomorrow on account of the balcony is so nice now
make sure you get your club site up and running, www.racenation.com is the best tool online for training and for
Listening to LoudMusic by always puts me in a good mood.
Love the summery music video on such a cold cloudy day.
Coming up next: A very special doctorhil ..A white trash family showdown!
Goodbye paper flashcards indeed.
Thank you for spreading the word, Desiree!
Review, flip, quiz, repeat.
Thanks very much!
Stressed.
Finals.
You?
16  Pregnant was so last year.
12 with Chlamydia is much more entertaining.
Keep up MTV.
You're losing your target audience.
It aint like Kobe was gnna make tht shot...so stop hating on Steve Blake....Lakers just tall and old!!!
what I can't figure out is where was the threat to GZ?
He created the situation that led to Trayvon's death.
My comfort zone is not a place where I can grow in faith.
Being uncomfortable essentially ends up being a vehicle for total reliance on God.
People say Major is happy, minor is sad.
If the world was that simple it would be a pretty different world.
I Think You Should Know That I'm Eating Jelly Beans ..
:D
Eff my back.
Sick of this pain.
Damn car accidents.
American doctorams came true somehow, I swear I'd chase until I was dead.
I heard the streets were paved with gold, that's what my father said.
E.
Karl Boegner is the owwner and Winemaker of Wolf Mountain Vineyards and Winery in Georgia.
and my Mickey sweater!
:
So my trainer want me to so corset training I'm scared cause they say that ur bones break wen u wear it ugh I'm scared but i have to do it
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
what was the code for?:
Is there a problem in mainstream record biz when guest artist LadyAntebellum isn't as good as the contestants who lost on thevoicefinale?
The longer I sit in this chair, the sleeper I get!
Does anyone else think they should fly the TimesSquare ball at halfmast in honor of DickClark passing away?
Jamming out to Appalachian in the car
What a fxcking night.
Now I'm more confused than ever
heard your call on and am wandering what coach that's available would b a good replacement for Haley
It's official.
Jani Lane died from acute ethanol poisoning.
That's alcohol poisoning.
Hanging at the stash bash with the coolest person I have ever met !!
Mia boat show this week, So Be food and wine next week.
Q1: doctornk a 10 oz glass of tart cherry juice
just cuz i wouldnt give my bro 5 so nite if i dont get off ill get wooped again so goodnite
only got 1hr of sleep
That's appropriate then...
kinda...
Does it bother anyone else when they use movies as book covers?
This is why I'm hot lol
It's so amazing hearing play experiment at our concert tonight w and
I feel like I chose my twitter friends well, since I've seen nothing but anger and disappointment over NC.
Bills look good, dad may take me to a game later this season.
L.A.
stands for Lapsed Adulthood.
Great read.
The more I see of Romney, the more his outright sense of entitlement shines through.
New app Tongue Tango!
It's too early to be gossiping , these girls is some weirdo's
got them to call me.
they are still going to get back to me too.
fingers crossed it works out for us both!
Getting ready to head to a wedding in chicago.
Casual Hawaiian themed pig roast.
Should be interesting!
Google, asking me to  things with 700 's, which in internet terms is no one.
We have made games that get more action in a week.
I was pretty busy coming out of the holidayz with these silk scaves.
you gottahave one.....404.454.7271 get at me!!!!!!!!!!
that pic is photo shop right because if its not....
we miss you too!
The blues had a baby and they named her rock n roll!!!!!!
Stop playing PR politics and do your job.
The American economy is a lot more important than Norquist's pledge
Don't forget our new happy hour special from 57.
Buy any whiskey doctornk and get your burger half off!
I want a cat so badly .
If someone gives me a cat I'll love you forever .
Who's Inthaknow for saving me some money on tickets to see 'O' at Bellagio??
April 6th!
y didn't u say happy birthday to me austin:that hurt my feelings
POTUS announces fewer doctorpped calls.
Apparently he's nationalizing ATT.
I totally saw that coming.
we reconnected thru FB Living in Boise for 20 years and never knew she was here 10yrs longer than I.
Starting my birthday celebration today with a massage!
Grateful for so much today!
My God is the beginning and He's the end yea yea yea He is El Shaddai.
Tavon Austin is also the man
RT : bumper sticker from : I don't break for dead nodes.
Find us at the summit next week to get your own :
TREE INFODon't forget to water!
Nice!
Did you work on their sites?
Story of my life haha RT : Oh, that sounded a tad harsh.
Let me attach lol at the end of it to make it all better.
Would prob have been more if there had been ANY phone/wifi in conf space!
MT : 455 unique twitterrers have used the saa11 hashtag..
need some bubble gum yum
Miami, you wanted Lesnar and you got Lesnar.
A Separation was a fantastic film!
Go watch it!
Has he lost his mind?
Can he see or is he blind?
Tune into johnjayandoctorch!!
We have on the show and much more!!
If you don't want to follow me, just let me know.
No hard feelings.
Elbow: stiffness with pain when bending and straightening the arm
LOL ...
I hope you're right!
I also get spoken to in Russian, asked to translate Russian or asked if I am Russian every week
Great turn out last night at BrickHaus Art Space.
Come back in Dec, I'll have an installation in the gallery  we'll dance the night away.
your music rocks!
Love the ghetto.
We have one, too, and love whenever he snuggles.
Love that of all the square feet avail, he chooses the one closest to us.
followedd: love your twitter name!
We are closing in on Christmas, don't have any gift ideas?
Why not try a GPS Tracker for a change?
Safety is important this holiday season.
look at Bomb magazine
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of l.
O.
V.
E.
hatred  attitude tear us entirely.
win a private movie party in r private theater 4 you  20 of ur closest friends 4 1 night, pizza and popcorn included
precisely, we're actually the new house band at qualcomm stadium with the dead, croce and Yusef Islam.
check us out some time.
um that better be me.
Kevin's hilarious!!
What's the haul?
Good pack job, too.
Yayyy RT : Safe travels to dad..see ya next time!
My phone dies faster than in Stomp The Yard...!!!!!
lol
Today I gained a really hot follower!
He shall never know I am speaking of him though!
; haha!
:P
im from the states, and i never hear that...
:D!
its so cool!
they need a fenway dvd!
haha those are all on my list too, except I want the macbook air!
:
Clint Eastwood...applause to you!!
USA is bouncing back!
: HoodMemories water balloon blaster guy
I love boys
Could it be 2007 all over again?
My biz partner says everything will be signed this week to open the new restaurant.
Ugh.
Then I have to start DOING it.
Whose idea was this?
haha nope rachel and kristen are asleep!
Hahaha but steph and like 4 other people are well not anymoree :
you have our support!
blessings and thanks for your help
I have Swag : enough said
...Annie Leibovitz is a phenominal talent in photography, and a most deserving recipient!!!
Wonderful news!
Postin on the roof tanning...
Rough day
OH donuts.
donuts.
Look coocoo donuts
Where's Sarah Palin?
man i need to get back to scool i have to work out
we never talk anymore
I am saying.
We come back from one week off and we got like 20 redgheaded girls.
oh damn, smdh
cool video about Ron Howell
....thank you Jesus.
goes in for a hug
I had no idea you could actually do that
Reds need to step it up
BIG POOL PARTY IN LAS VEGAS SOMETIME IN JULY.
Stay tuned for more details
Nap time.
Got 2 Austin restaurants to hit up tonight.
: Tell Meredith I'm glad she's ok!
i will!
thank you :
CLub 26ten tonight whoop!!!
: Unless you are a woman or a man over 50, never use a push cart pussy carryit GolfProblems hahahaha!
Today I finally had one of those days where I wake up and say: Damn, I look good today.
O don't need new follower.
Rihanna sure is gettin alot of rotation  the radio station today
Idk why Blake tries to do anything besides dunk...
He has no offense.
Same for Jordan
Where were you when the lights went out in East Harlem, NYC, on November 9th, 1965?
Do you remember?
Got to meet today :
good choice...ive never made homemade banana bread before..
gotta see if i have enough bananas!
lol :
Last notice: we are going to be at 21/J tonight 67pm giving away 26 tix to our grand opening.
I'm curious if is letting me down again...
I Think yes...
And Bynum has the record for most blocked shots in a playoff game
At UFEST but i forgot my camera
can't wait!
MilwaukeeDictionary Put some smell good on: go to nearest Boston Store or Macys to spray some tester cologne on before going out to club
Yes...I am both!
Thank you!
A decision I'll need to sleep on : RT : Aw good luck Lois!!
I'm sure you'll pick a beautiful doctorss!
Anyone ever spin fire?
Do you think its really necessary to go about taking workshops for it, thinking of signing up for a workshop in LA.
I am disapointed!
Hey Chris, whatsup 3 miss you!
Cant wait to see you again:
Happy birthday to :
We do indeed.
: Dear reporters covering protests in bulletproof vests: we all think you're goofy..
And keep your feet underneath.
Great breakfast key with Ian Vaughn, COO of Raising Canes!
NFLPA Exit Symposium: inspire them to feel connected to the game, their community  the NFLPA when they formally leave the playing field.
How Apple Can Clean Up in the Living Room  TechNewsWorld
Its my 21st birthday bitches!!!!!!!!!!!
There is at least one massive class action suit.
This is going to be big.
Nick:Talking to Shannon Let's adopt a black baby and make him our slave.
We'll call him Toby.
Lmfaooo!!!xD
ohh.
Okay thanks
If you don't concern yourself with stereotypes, why are you painting with such a broad brush when you rally against Liberals?
Thanks Mark!
So Derrick Mason doesn't want to retire as a Jet?
I figured Rex could have convinced him.

best writing tip there's no such thing as too much copy; Only boring copy
The TebowGotTradedFor comments are great.
It's the top trending topic worldwide right now
sounds good to me!: I agree with you.
Thank you.::
OMG we're having the best time!!
: Suns out guns out, get it bro.
YessssZir!
I love that place!!
taking my og out to eat..
yes  also recognize we r in uncharted h2o...
the creative unknown
you should get some.
You are so young if you start now with Argan oil you will be ageless!
dude I'm running around screaming that I'm going to see and wants to kill me
Love is what we were born with.
Fear is what we learned here.
It was nice meeting you this morning at smckc!
me too.
get well soon!
Keep it up !
RTToday it was the best day ever because I went to field trips but this one was what we never learned, how to do books.
The Love Song of J.
Alfred Proofread
Great stuff.
RT : Forget Chelsea.
Brilliant performance by Great use of Twitter, insight into paper journalism.
we are reading this week about technological change and what libraries might do to maintain access to outdated info formats.
If Louisville played like this all year they would have beat UK, uhh never mind.
I broke an ARROW with my NECK at
they've been busy.
I wouldn't call it terrible.
Great products just wanted to make them aware of the technicals.
: I guessing when Twitter was invented no one envisioned live Deion Sanders domestic dispute updates
Nice one.
A little big for our room though...
That was the only Suits photo for now but glad it gave you so much pleasure.
:
its on!RT : Yeppers!
U have missed 4 performances/interviews, but we pick back up tomm!
Tomm nite,
After about three minutes, I finally realized what I've been listening to is an electronica version of Bolero.
Sigh...
...the missing words were petroleum derivatives.
Everybody talks  everybody listens  some how the truth just comes up missin.
I'm wearing pants bc I'm not sliding in shorts
Run a Relay at the Chicago Marathon with Hope Solo And the U.S.
Soccer Team!
photo: Facebook.com/ChicagoMarathon Do you love soccer, runnin
Speaking of which...
I need some for the weekend!
Maybe later 3
RT : It's 5 o'clock everyone!
Let the weekend fun begin....
what's the flight ?
: one month!
loving some of your photos from when u 1st got to NY!
too funny...great meeting you last night!
Yes  to each of those explanations.
Poetry slam round 2!!
Last call at 1am.
Aaaaannnnddd go!
Find out what you want to do every day for the rest of your life and do that  you can find a way to monetize it.
Obstacles can't stop you.
Problems can't stop you.
Most of all other people can't stop you.
Only you can stop you.
Jeffrey Gitomer
Why would you want to study buckets?
/s/ 6 : Think how different things would be had I continued with paleontology instead
The B is closed today in preparation for Baltimore Web Slam, we are sorry for the inconvenience but we will see you this weekend!
I like it!

bs spam, thx
quotes I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
I agree, though killing a man should be presumed to be an unlawful act until that investigation is complete.
T or F?
perry will be fine.
Thompson is a god and I know all about my team thanks
I discovered I always have choices and sometimes it's only a choice of attitude  Judith M.
Knowlton
all of your tweets should be updates about your butt's wetness level.
This could be your thing!
Gotta get up early..
Happy Mothers Day to some pretty fantastic moms!
You know who you are.
xoxo
Happy New Years Twitter!
Let's hope for good things in 2012 :
Encourage all of your followers to follow and to join The 1 Million Facebook Experiment.
This is the power hour baby!
The line is around the corner at The Hudson
uh oh!!!
Look who's learning her twitter talk!!
tookyoulongenough :
hehehe I kno it was in good fun!
U stoping by DC Reynold's 4 d Caps game?
BTW, I am going 2 put d south petworth joke on d vid
I can't wait either, should be a great presentation!
mister classy mister right want sun 1 I can shair my basketball storys with ....
ain't that the truth :P
Is a legal framework necessary or even welcome in the community?
asks

I can't wait to read it!
Plz come to Pittsburgh if you do a book tour!
:
no problem, I know how hard it is to hire
Anyone getting in for ala11 at 11:15 tonight want to split a cab to the Sheraton downtown?
Just bought The Hunger Games on my Kindle for iPad..let's see what all this commotion is about.
Shout out
they will beat the bulls not the heat tho
Let's plan on this Sun, unless I hear otherwise from you.
RT if you love your Hispanic GRANDerz!
Archaeology Agora  transdisciplinary approach brings new knowledge; new ways of thinking  applied to realworld societal issues
Ditto to the TRMA585 class, and so glad you could be a part :
Have you seen the homepage of the IndyStar today?
That little red rat almost cost me my laptop!
Creepy!!!
Obama  I love a man with the facts and the numbers.
Someday, a company's launch of its official social media pages will not be considered a press releaseworthy event.
gotta forget about this game and bounce back we can still do this.
That's pretty intense.
Stay doctor up there
im going to make professorssional looking snuggies.
its so cold in here its ridiculous.
im certain there is a market for them
my bad.
i should know i met him
Just saw Madonna fumble.
She's moving her age now.
The Green Men in Vancouver may have lost their touch and losing two at home makes them feel like an old stale joke.
kathee leah is srsly like dancing to one direction and she has a crush on niall and says shes gonna marry him and have his babies shes 6
Well I could make you a hair hat out of what I lose everyday.
I'm sure it's been done already, but The Empire Strikes Back In My Pants.
Thats beautiful.Good to hear both of you are taking some me time.i'm hard at work networking down here  all business.
Pretty please follow me?
Before you get anymore followers and it becomes imoossible??
Haha :
Thanks!!!
and really, the f u?
some people are horrible...
CONGRATS you just won a dinner for 2 at Off The Clock!
Email me at george to claim your prize.
looking great
thanks Jay.
The Super Bowl was a great team effort.
Isaiah 26:19 Your dead shall live; their bodies shall rise.
You who dwell in the dust, awake and sing for joy!
Creo Dermis body scrubs will soon be on shelves at exclusive salons and spa's in the Pearl District in downtown PDX!!
Do I see health insurance around the corner?
I do!
I do!
boy i hope not.
i mean, i ran into people...
but i believe both of you are married.
enough said.
Perfecting the craft.
short days long nights
listening to lauryn?
Im back mm mis this
Guys, can y'all please stop wearing musk now?
Thanks!
Good vs.
Evil
Giddy as a fat kid doctorwning in a vat of ice cream
I need to request an ice cream truck for my neighborhood
I love watching The Avengers.
:

RT : If you are deeply connected to your mission and your passions, no one can copy you.
savor
.
Our event is rain or shine!
See you there!
I can't find a dog I'd call my ma, so I've given up dogma for Lent...
which I previously gave up for Lent.
WeWontWork if u give up on me to quick
Tonight might be tricky for me...
Locked down in some video editing.
Going to SF for work.
I love this job!
Welcome back, star!
I just made Mom Pumpkin Whoopie Pies with Cream Cheese Filling from the Baked cookbook.
I hope she likes them!
Our team worked for months on how shale gas will impact Ohio's economic development.
Story ran on ABC News with Diane Sawyer....
When arla starts jamming to toxic on oovoo help hahaha :D
welovegreyson because he inspires us to put our selves put there.
Go for what you really want to do.
just reserved my user name on facebook!
www.facebook.com/captainredlifemoments
When do you know have really had enough??
im so over it.
com
S/O to my new followers!
I want to buy that perfume that enhances your pheromones.
I tried it on at a passion party and I can't stop smelling myself!
Why are women like KFC?
After Ur Done with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
30 more days!
.
at DFW.
Went in search of Starbucks.
Found and lma12 will the party ever end?
sorry couldn't prevent my self from stealing ur tweet hahhaha :D
Bouncing between NBA and NHL finals.
Weak coordination between the leagues.
That is pretty much typical of every book made into a movie.
maybe if you read more books you would know that
Law and Order : SVU
..have to put my books down  study tomorrow..
after my 7a7p shift!!
..I'll be glad when finals are over.,
cuz if you go into the season LeBron can opt out in with no titles he not going to stay with an aging Wade Bosh n average teammates
Thanks for the shout out and Yes I am highly influenced by the rock bands of the 70's.
I think that music lasts longer.
xanax thats all i gotta say
ROFLOL  In search for help for pregnant teen.
Planned Parenthood popped up number of times.
Red states tend to have most pregnant teens!
Come hear about successful literacy initiatives in libraries around the globe.
Today  Hilton RiversideRosedown,1:30pm
double downward escalator retail chutes of doom is why I wish more conferences could be held in lovely old hotels.
we are glad we can make a difference!
yeah it does
LOL : I felt the same way when I heard say it Jordan can you help us out?
Walked out of my meeting mad as hell.
I'm livid!
No good to be lied to.
I need a doctornk I'm so heated.
Hell, its 5 o'clock somewhere.
Flight delayedmartini time.
Burbank airport is pretty enjoyable.
My boss just walked in my office and said, Am I going to have to worry about you flirting with my wife, she's a quarter phillipinno.
OMG!
Make Randall your permanent bartender!
omg Austin SAYSOMETHIN is AMAZING I love it!
Arghhhh follow me please ily?3
It was very quiet Thanksgiving.
We grilled steaks because no one likes turkey.
: How was yours?
Thanx!
Thanks for coming in!
We're super glad you liked your desserts!
Have an awesome day!
dude!
thanks for the reply...keep doing what you do!
be blessed!
Glad to see is raising awareness of Cahokia, though some might say he needs more than 15000 followers to match its population
i agree with you!
Do something you've never done before and make sure its legal and its a good thing.
Please welcome my Fall '11 Xavier Instructional Tech students to Twitter!
Looks to be a great class!
Yes.
I weigh over 110 pounds but that's not fat..
That's muscle
I love to inspire!
Got some ppl ready to start living their doctorams.
Some just need that extra push!
: SO FREAKING HAPPY WON!!!
SO amazing and SO deserving calledit love thebest I was for him the entire time!!
NSN doesn't work on me!
I saw a women get killed 2 ft away from me!
I never going 2 see a new path anymore I keep tryin  not
I don't believe this one.
bull RT Hawaii moves toward Japan 4 inches every year.
ima young nigga wit sum old lungs
From Alameda but now I'm at MLK and Macarthur, love Oakland
what the hell is that?
Finna take my fat fat to d doc..
Ready for the world to see my talents.
Can't wait for you all to see my film...
still looking for extras though!
Bayern Munich through to the Champions League Final
Thanks for the follow!
Your work on Badajoz was especially fascinating.
When we can respect the little things in life is when we can began to see the BIG picture!
Homework at the end of the school year
What we do in misterbouyea today
follow me
dope interview fellas!
favmoviequote I see you're doctornking one percent.
Is that 'cause you think you're fat?
'Cause you're not.
lmao molina!!!!
im weak!!
RT Get the F out the way with your under the speed limit limit doctorving a IM LATE!!!!
The Grand Prix team is exited about participating in ignitedetroit tonight This will be awesome!
RT : RT : Thanks for the love...13 more...heading back to LA now...
Sorry I'm not sorry won.
we all ready coach kick return for a TD i got you coach
well I'm up now so it is what it is lol
Waiting for this night class to be over so I can go outt with my bo3
To see the Law by Christ fulfilled, and hear his pardoning voice, changes a slave into a child and duty into choice.
William Cowper
Moms...critiquing yourself or your body in front of your daughter is one of the most damaging things we could do.
Says he had breakfast with Hemingway.
It must be his new movie Morning In Baltimore.
The revenge game was Jan 1, 1960 after the 1959 Magnolia Bowl on Halloween.
I'm recovering from a weekend of nerds and excessive tea consumption.
See what happens when you listen to shitty music?!
Is how you get so much followers?
I doubt you know that much people.
Better start learning German
RT Businesses don't want to worry about customer experience until becomes a sickness threatening its health.
Yeah that'll work.
FF Musicians Matter Most
Happy CharityTuesday.
Check out these great nonprofessorts..., , ,
Idk how I feel about Emily being The Bachelorette..
We're changing our style to math metal for our full length...
got real hungry at 1am on the 1st day.
only option  Taco Bell  then Taco Shack breakfast tacos 2 mornings
SpringBreaker falls to his death across fm our beach home.
Jacob Winkler, 21, fm Wis.
died in PCB, FLA early Sat morn fm his 21st balcony.
Really enjoyed your interview with Jimmy Moore.
Love your enthusiasm.
Al Davis emblematic owner of the Raiders has died.
I figured he'd out live us all, what was he like 150?
My friends say im a fool to think that your the one for me.
Thanks and following.
Feel free to follow back
We have 3 great films perfect for Native American Heritage Month screenings.
Check out A Good Day to Die, Reel Injun and Barking Water.
Someone called for the Cow?
Hi, most of u probably don't know I'm a businessman and a great thinker.
Don't believe me watch I'll show you!!!!!!!!
By altering our attitudes we can alter our life, Zig Ziglar
I ate a slice of pizza today, that is all .
Wow 
What was in the water for Kaka And Ronaldo?
Holy Christ
omg going to go see breaking dawn yess!
Echoed from Tilden Middle School via : Waiting on another lacrosse game
Today is the day...
we get our Christmas Tree!
YEEEE
Clearly you have no knowledge of her role in the current state of testing and accountability.
You READ then unfollow.
Watched 50/50 tonight and really enjoyed it.
Having the Liars on the soundtrack was just an added bonus.
The WSLCB must know Fifthmas is upon us; lots strange infused vodkas and tequilas, bizarrelooking liqueurs, and special holiday mixer packs
: You betta cuff her cause I'm out hereI bet you up
I apologize for my broken English.
It's my second language, I want you to know I'm trying to communicate, it's basic for humans.
im fresh im fly im so damn high
seriously can't wait until I'm done with school
This is the first time in awhile I got to sleep in!
So rite here wit my cuzzo.
Tweeting
That just shows that he really likes to party
Shifting in new apartment next week :
God morning!!
DAMN I FEEL GOOD, ha i got all that sleep lastnight!!;D risegrind
So far I voted 150 times for
Happy to say wasn't kidnapped by the Mexican cartel last week.
Glad to have him back on twitter
Work functions during the week should be illegal.
UGH!
you hate me :/
RT : Great to have w/ me to speak to entrepreneurs about crowdfunding.
Thanks for your leadership  help.
Still looking for animal rights/welfare/antiCAFO/slow food related exhibits to try to visit and/or collaborate with.
Do you know of any?
It's so much more relaxing than a plane, from start to finish!
RT My favorite benefit of traveling by train is .
Romney wins Puerto Rico.
That proves he is the most electable.
/snark
Don't miss out on Part 2 of Why be Christian and NOT Muslim Oct.27th.
7pm.
KoKo Mo's...See ya there :
PANINI TIME!
And it's the best time of the week!
Today's special panini has Fresh Mozzarella, Pesto  Chicken with YOUR choice of sides!!
Sure do!
How have you been?
Print audition today as guess what?
A baseball player!
LOL shouldn't be much of a stretch.
tried to call customer service and the line disconnects.
would like someone from to get in touch with me.
Could use the help!
RT : With no NBA, can Gordon Hayward and Shelvin Mack please return to Butler for their senior season?
:  JSUIS SON BEST FANS :o AHAH !!!
That really means a ton...thank you!
So True!
Favorite new fortune cookie: Share your happiness with others today!
So what should the theme song for SXSW be this year?
NEW SONG IS UP NOW, SPREAD THE WORD!
myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
I'm gonna be a bunhead.
Great game today Harry!
Thats how you represent the Louisville Cardinals!
Angsty teen I against middleaged dad I.
So i just heard may not play hm no problem for the super heat...heatnation!!!
I had Twitter when I was a kid.
It was called a CB radio.
Happy new year everyone!
I'm shite at the whole ff and shoutout thing but here's to one hell of a great year for all of us.
at party in DUMBO  Brooklyn..DJ Guilty Pleasures is spining..
Hope you had a blast!
Now you can download a fresh version of 'Squattin'!!!
:D
Working on a theory that Black Widow is a female Eliot.
;o Thanks for the 3 !
HOPE to see ya on Sunday!
RT  Think I'm going to try 'em Sunday after that recommendation
Glad the Ravens got their man at 26....er...I mean 27.
Thanks Bears!
doctorams R doctorams but blurry  reality seems 2 B da only motive trying 2 make the best of every bad situation seems 2 B my life story
I know I'm only just over 14 weeks along, but I'm getting very impatient.
I hope I feel baby flutters soon!
5 worldwide trends for pretty little liars
lol thats all she do x she made my speakers go out one tyme frm trying tah eat my phone lol couldnt listen to music for a while
RT : On behalf of tragedies MMDM is 2 help mental illness by donating  for every new follower now til 9/12 www.NAMI.org
Hm what to do on the 4th?
Most likely, Santa Monica Pier
well duh!; you?
So is anyone else in the same boat I amnot buying Apple stock for 23, 34 years bc It can't possibly go up any higher, can it?
A new phase has started, I can feel it!
You know?
Possibility plus grounding  feels good.
When someone says something and you say,  Yeah, You would know....
sure!
We don't have tix.
What date is it?
83 people every day will be diagnosed with cancer in WI.
We're in this together to
We'll start contacting folks soon.
when does next season start?
I can't wait
Director Chris Mattaliano: There are actually 2 songs about V.D.
In act 1.
We cut one.
25 gift card to goes to...
!
watching on CNN right now talking about IsrealIran conflict with technical difficulties.
Working on new merch!
Too stoked.
Getting some designs for too.
Excited to tour!
Looking forward to more motivational discussions!
I used to go get a milkshake whenever my friends were doctornk in college because all my friends were straight and I didn't need to see that.
hey Josh check out the start of my contributions at cbm  avenging reviews.
Trying to give my thoughts and perspective.
I always feel like the bad give trying to be so protective
I have your shirt.
Where you at?
is a pain in the ass.
But hes one of my best friends.
And i love him!
bruh you need to get on more use this bihh more!
I can't believe this is happening...
These clocks are staring at me.
RT : For every 40 bedandbread tweets, a person in Detroit will be fed for an entire year thanks to
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity
Me!
When/where are auditions?
Happy Mother's Day Week to all the real moms who set the right example and who have mastered the art of balancing motherhood with womanhood.
Good for you!
Speaking of public workers, I would like to thank the public workers at the DMV: replace my license  in and out in 10 minutes  Well done!
yea i am now...i dont think your followin me...
I'm finally 18 today!!!!:D
Watching Columbiana.
I love this movie!!!!
If somebody's out there, show me that you care.
Give me a sign that comes out of nowhere, like a shooting star.
Gaga You Are MY QUEEN , O YEAH 26 years o yeah you are a queen
Uh, there's supposed to be a point?
RT : Remind me, please.
What is the fucking POINT of Twitter?
Thanks!
I made the switch back to 100 film about a year ago or so...digital just doesn't do it for me AT ALL.
Yeah Happy New Year everyone !
GOD BLESS US !
yes they did!
And I was successful at converting my niece to a FF5 fan.
She is now in love with Haha :
29th!!!
Not 30th.
RT Some days just going to get a sandwich is a thrill and exercise when you are a POC in America.
Now Mardi gras is over time to think of our goat dinner in march.
4 courses 2 goats 60 people should be a blast
Apparently 3 6th graders think I'm cute They scare me so much...
BREAKING DAWN WAS AMAZING!!!
on my way to work.
Yuck.
YOU MISSED SAY SOMETHIN!!!
Ah.
He might be on Again later:
Stay for the ride or walk by yourself
then got reraised a couple times and had to fold, and then lost a 16k pot with AT vs AQ, which was actually a good result given the situatio
When will I learn that avoiding grocery shopping never saves me money?
unhappy with examples of how to help ugrads identify scholarly v trade v gen interest pubs.
2 focused on print.
time to make my own lists
We need to understand that education is something that we create for ourselves not something that is provided for us
I wish I had a big family.
Family means everything to me.
churchplanters When you walk in His love you will Know its His voice.
What you want doesn't matters it's what He wants that does.
...
given everything?
Thought of your company all the time?
Never took a short cut?
Worked hard even when everything was down?
UR My Hero.
So text me I got my phone back :D
YOU BE FP WHILE THEY GOT THIS FACE 
Men are the least of my problems, so i let IDIOTS have them
my middle aged eyes love ereading.
Kindle for iPad is awesome look forward to your book!
To clarify, this event Daniel is hosting is at 6pm this evening.
Bring artistically and politically minded people!
Farewell, Maurice Sendak...
Now may your wild rumpus begin!
Ha phone died in the middle.
Corrine, you better be there!
try.
u did last time
Who am I most envious of...??
Definitely and ....
Their voices can quiet a whole room with one note...
Your welcome
Rain down on'em with the 3's
I am just curious to see where most of my followers are located.
Feel free to tell me your location if you haven't.
Hi Prenessa!
Love your ambition!
Keep it up and feel free to email me anytime.
nc
same to u guys.
Keep dancing :
: I've witnessed him humble other singers on spot, once they hear him sing lol he's like an atomic bomb in the room.
The picture took of my in health  lmfao
ah, I see
Have Fun!
yeah!
also, you smelled lovely.
no hint of dog mess.
:
Where's the watermelon.
: it wasnt meant 4 him 2 b there den...if it was he wouldnt have left n if it is he'll b back so dont b sad ur beautiful...
In other news, Rick Santelli is still apparently off his meds.
Had fun in Redondo tonight getting ready for our shoot this weekend!
RT: Dear boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with.
Ikr I hardly get to do anything either.
I'm still sick in a sense.
Bacharach one of my musical heroes so that was an easy one!
Thx!
.
Thanks!
: Although it's not a coworking space  it's a preincubator/entrepreneur residency.
Want a tour?
: cc
FF ::: Need Hot new Music / Beats / HipHop Collab?
GO FOLLOW
sorry didn't mean to ask that!
Most productive colts offensive player was the reffs.
Way to give it to them zebras.
Big move back to Mac tomorrow
President Bill Clinton giving videotaped tribute to brilliant theatre advocate
Wherever you are, be all there.
Live to the hilt every situation you believe to be the will of God.
Jim Elliot
Agreed...
RT : Hard for me to get my own work done when I have to constantly hold the hands of others.
Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2.
Played few tunes w/ 's band.
sang Sunday Kinda Love and slayed it.
I'll beat beat beat it upp!!!
Send her home to her man watch notebook!
Anyone seriously mad about Fury's ethnicity haven't been paying attention to Marvel Comics in the last 10 years.
Join Homeward and our partners from across the community at 5pm at 815 E.
Grace St.
WutILove...
Is when a guy KEEPS me laughing and smiling...
RT : VOTE TOMORROW.
can't wait to come to London one day!!!!
Hey I WANT MY RACING BACK!!
lol
okay see u soon booboo.
Today's my favorite days cuz I get to sing to 5 year olds : m
Rooney scores!!!!!!
Chelsea 0  1 Manchester United
Jasmine I think you and Harry Styles would make a cute couple just my opinion: 
MovieFactOfTheDay OJ Simpson was originally supposed to play the Terminator before it was given to Arnold.
Can ya follow me back?
Please!:
Help each other.
nice
Things you shouldn't say when boarding: I'm all the way in the back, which means I'm going to be the last to die when we crash!
15 books between 3 classes.
For real?
you know you can buy socks very easily.
Like, anywhere.
: Tonight should be fun We'll see...Be careful how u say that lol...
Imagine if you had me out there..
we'd dominate.
Go low tomorrow with the red shirt
I woke up from my nap with a attitude
OMG your back!
I missed you :D Sure thing, but u following me back would be the coolest 3 Much love always!
Dats a one in million chance that would happen to both of us ...
But I hope it does ;
He's on a role!
Waunakee's Parker Dietry nails French word couverte to advance to Round 6 of the National Spelling Bee.
I really want to hear what you want to tell me ;
So apparently when you doctorfry Wang Bu Liu Xing it pops like popcorn!
I don't know,where you're going,,just get your ass back home.
:
And the dad/son, coach/player McDermott scenario just got awkward.
Yikes.
Suga is bout to get his ass handed to home by bones
i know it will be great!
they all are.
;
so good to serve w/ you this wknd.
We made it back to Nashville but already miss KC.
Keep us posted on the fruits of the event!
When will we in social media start leveraging back?
Amazing how much we're giving companies for FREE, nonreciprocally.
yeah it sucks so where in the same boat Haha
doctorss codes at a church ??
Really.
Blogging: I HAVE MISSED IT!
The blog's back in action tomorrow, y'all.
Guy jumped on top of the Bull, got arrested, kicked out window of police car 1212.
Other than that, pretty peaceful here at
ah bo :p I only have 2 of my friends in my Classes how about u
RT Need some acapellas for remixes
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Nelson Mandela
I can!
watch webisodes all day long!
Just got back to FL.
Sorry we didn't connect at SXSW, let's chat next time you're in FL.
Interested in what you are doing at ninut.
I would wanna do that!!
In BIM with love her so much.......its RIDICK!!
check ya emails
It's hard to believe that I couldn't see that you were always there beside me
I hope u know the girl i want gay is u talena rite
Ha no idea.
I'm not sure if I want them to stop or continue.
Probably not the right President to tell that marijuana is a right of passage  he did not inhale!
Mom got a new Mac, I think I'm gonna make a doctorm cover today.
:D
you sat on your ass last summer using my computer you're probably gonna do the same this summer
You're welcome and thanks for sharing interesting stuff.
Have a great weekend, J!
NE Feathered Horse Classic will ADD a REINING CLASS!!!
will be NRHA 1 or 12 details to come
your name made me laugh when i read it x
Glad you stuck with us and your education!
Keep up the great work!
Gotta say I love Pearl Jam radio on Sirius xm
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Lost items, comments.
Follow me.
MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
30692128 bbm pin
aw : hang in there babee, you'll see them soon enough!
Cant wait until the playoffs start tonight !!
Thanks for the RT!
Isn't he sweet?
: I hope you had a great week!
loves it when talks DD terms.
It is so hot to a gamer girl like meh!
:D
I feel like I'm reaching in there alot
Just found money in my pocket.
Awesome.
Great run this morning and heavy sand bag training for 15 round
anyone else exhausted this morning?
i had to to the 123 and up count to force myself out of bed :/ hah
I find it funny that there is all this hate around someone who simply says, Thank you God.
Thank you Jesus.
Who have you thanked today??
we want too be in the video even if it dancing.
Or even getting a line w.e u have avaliable
: nigga, start coming to school.PREACH!
Allegheny man owns 84 of FaceBook?
Hm...
Wtf.
There is seriously a guy at my school who got extensions on his rat tail.
That just shouldn't happen.
I hate people who think they're entitled to things.
None of us are entitled to anything, you have to work for the things you want.
Times are crazy but I know God's got something waiting.
Time to make moves in Faith
sorry professorssor, i just clearly couldn't care enough.
I miss my cousin so much
The Shrek babies are so cute 
Never knew Hitler applied for a fine arts academy.
Come on out and support OB Scholarships by coming to the first ever Reel Rock in Denver!
No work tonight so I spent the day tuning up my pressure washing equipment.
Running like a champ, give me a doctorveway, I'll clean em up.
: It's not often I can say this but it's true: Even I could tackle better than that, Packers.
i appreciate that.
much love.
xoxo
win some dough negro
Things on the up and up I see
lol you thought I forgot didn't you Happy Birthday
My name is Alisa Lerario  I am obsessed with Sorry.
I had to say it.
I miss my Thatchy Mc Thatcher Pants.
:
Deleting tweets is for the not so gay kind of queer.
wen he gets asked in interveiws wat his religion his he says my religion has nothing to do with my band and our music

Emma Stone reminds me of you!!
Much love and respect.
Holla at your girl
thank you for hosting my 21birthday at your hotel!
So excited to go to 360!
First bar trip!
Happy birthday !
Love you Kathy !:
I'm Alicia : Who are you?
My review of The Raid:Redemption  gorgeous violence!!
Another successful, nontraditional firm outing.
Thanks to all our staff/admin pros!
My birthday is on June 18th and I'm getting a decked out hummer limo but I don't know where to go!
Tweet me some ideas:
No, Robert...
This would be a bad, bad, confused church.
me don't like  lol
School.
Championships today and then freshman orientation.
keep seeing all these great alum events on fb.
How do we get one in CO?!
Let me know what I can do!
Watch our dear friend and client Patti creator of on the Morning Blend at 9:20 today on her new studio, makeup by
I want a guy to make me mix cd's like in nick and norah's infinite playlist .
.
.
:D
I just probably need to eat.
Its been a crazy week
Nine years ago today went on my first date with Amy
Looking for someone in Madison who can create some simple body illustrations for a medical app  stylized outlines important, not realism
K I'm waiting
lol he CEO of dat sht !
position just given to him, never had a job a day in his life...
I'm in the wrong occupation
we dont see things as they are, we see them as we are.
if they get one in their backyard, I want to come try it out!
:
Get on the list stop playing with frauds and losers that can't spell or CAP
This should not have happened.
Oh god.
A search engine considers the content of the sites to determine the QUALITY of a backlink, have them from relevant sites.
woow swag right there
ThatAKWARDMomment  Typing In Google Really Fast So You Wont See All Those Suggestions 
Philadelphia district attorney says his office will no longer pursue the death penalty against And the work continues....
ok.
Still painful but everything going well..
Hope to be out Sunday or monday
can you ask them to return my groupons?
Awesome!
If you buy tickets from us you can get them for 2 dollars cheaper :
Black Plague doctors...
fuck yeah!
RT : oppression flourishes not because of evil, but because of the many who endorse it w/silence or private/safe hand wringing
Great food last night.
Good beer too
This series is getting god!
Looks like Mavs may take game 4!
ouch, Enes just got dunked on...
he committed the foul.
Lets go big fella
Most championships, heisman winners.
Sounds scary to me RT : Rudy.
The idea that ND has that many fans is terrifying.
RT
As good as cats at least!
RT :
FantasyPlaza Thanks for following...
SORRY HUN, WE ARE FULL THIS THURS EVENING, IS TOMORROW ANY GOOD?
OR 530 WEDS?
Mistakes.
We all make them.
nice.
Travel safely.
not looking to hot for the lake show..bynum playing like Perkins haha
We're going to eat pizza at lunch today.
Wanna come with?
There are many wonderful things that will never be done if you do not do them.
Charles D Gill
She is my dancer when she dance I throw her dollas!
actually I wouldn't be surprised.
some guys just don't realize what they have until it's too late.
I've made that mistake
Veganism has always been about rejecting animal products as far as POSSIBLE and PRACTICABLE.
wiwx tips for you!
How to shovel: grab remote, slippers, afghan.
Find recliner.
Relax,  enjoy the comfort of your energyefficient home!
hope your new salons are doing well.
Keep up the great work !
Neil Armstrong has been kicking it suborbital since 1955!
Excited abt his thoughts on X15 and birth of suborbital spaceflight!
Isn't it amazing how a song presented at the right time has the power to bring you to your knees?
So far I don't know anyone who has been able to see it.
Have been scanning FB for posted pics, nothing!
If and are both in town for my birthday that will be the end of me.
Death by happy.
Th song pay phone is kinda sad
what time do i need to catch the train?
Check your direct messages 
Our doctorma dept.
earned the SDETA Distinguished Theatre Program Award.
Thank you to my principal, students and parents!
to 11:11 and now to SAYSOMETHIN !You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!3 I love you ; your song is perfection!
3 3
Hey there!
We were in NYC and had the busiest week.
Glad to see you again, virtually!
Hope the holidays are treating you well : 
thanks so much, Chad!
I've heard there are a few tix left for Sunday.
635PLAY
I find it so cute how my 5 year old sister is obsessed with Adele's 21 CD
3/6 ap tests done.
can't wait til this weekend
why can't I fall asleep
i've been in colombia.
so no!
In AWE of all u veteran AIIP'ers!
Thanks for a fabulous first conference!
Great mtng all of you!
Girls always think they're winning the fight until they lose the man they thought they had already won.
Ladies get your hair done right!
follow
you guys are the cutest couple!
Your so sweet to each other!
: have a wonderful day love birds!
:
hi!
I'm going out of town for work but will come say hi when I get home.
Loved the rabbit bolognese last visit
WTF LOAD TWITTER
I agree  Set ridiculous fitness goals!
If at first an idea doesn't sound absurd then there's no hope for it.
Albert Einstein
we now have Tad's scarves in common!
Look forward to our next meetup.
theme  Buddy likes The South
This afternoon I doctoramed about, wow, I'd give for a doctoram come true: P If you want to know what I doctoramed, follow me,please
good pullin a Double.
Ugh
Hey everybody, follow to more than 100 followers
Happy mother's day you guys!
Vets Unite is Launching a New Site to help Vets get the Help they need.
We need web help and donations.
Email us if you can help!
Great time, great food!
House smoked haddock cake, caviar, mustard  creme fraiche with a glass of Albarino..
I'm remaking the remake of the remake of ITFOD because I have the EP version!
:P
New this year: UCLA students receive FREE admission to Archive screenings with a valid Bruin ID!
you rock sir!
By it i mean the show i've been cutting, of course.
Getting another iPod touch.
Long hot day.time for a swim.
people don't know how to copy now a days
Oh, and Chris is beautiful on the inside AND the outside.
Moments away from the opening faceoff on WesternNight at The rival in the house tonight.
Alex Gajic returns.
: Officially an Arkansas Razorback!!!
GOHOGS razorbacknation WPS Welcome Ray!!
I just want to sleep all day.
Time to put my phone away before I say something I'll regret in the morning.
Vans Warped Tour hits Atlanta in just a little over a week and a half.
I'll be there!!
Where will you be?!?!
D
its just tweets back and forth with her friend and an iconiac.
i think its just a joke tho :
ooh yeah i can see how that'd be tough.
btw, i am NOT ignoring your email.
I'm mostly just ignoring...
life.
lol
Tonight  the Studio...
Salsa 4 those w/experience  6:30pm.
Followed by Casino Rueda  7:30pm and.
follow back nigga
Gotta keep you on your toes, Alisiana.
You're sure to blow that final out of the water.
I know the girl i want gay will never turn gay LOL
treat people as concepts, map them to uncover hidden connections.
why researchers need vivo
If You Went To ICON And Saw Chachi Right Now, Your Lucky Cuz I Live In Fricken California
hey!
Heard you on Hockey East OT!
I've read about him and DM'd him.
He said he was working on English translations.
He has a great voice.
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
justin bieber?
Haha ;
So I told my bae...I'm on my way!
I'm pretty good : just all bored!
No ones up and stuff :l how've you been since Ms.
Julie's class?
:D
Think pink!
Fabulous.
ladys that strip make that cash shaking that ass my triple beams M O B hold it down in cali in NY IL FL we taking this shit world wide LV
To all my new followers thanks for the follow, to all my old followers thanks for the ongoing support.
Aaww :3 I love that dogs my friend have one
A moment of appreciation for madmen PR team.
Is there an outlet that hasn't featured the show's return tonight?
Being impatient 
My balls  my words all I have
You're welcome!
Anytime.
And next time...you'll have to come for homemade sauce and pasta.
or with the storm that's about to kick in
LMFAO!
your stalker is that kiwi girl?!?!
packed house and killin it at !
feels like summer in OK today.
Ashley Tisdale  Boyfriend Scott Speer Split: Report It looks like Ashley Tisdale is a single lady.
Us Weekly reports that the High Schoo
My bae Malibu takes good care of me.....love her so much.
ill give u mines 203 8503876
I should just fuck off lol
Thanks for reading!
Hey Karen!
Thanks for the following.
yes, yes that is Squirtle.
From the episode of Pokemon, where there is a gang of them
Some doctornk young man just told me I look like an angelfaced virgin who doesn't cuss.
Who the hell was he mistaking me for?!
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Also a good choice!
How do you like yours?
Spicy?
Mild?
SuperBowl The game is over and the Giants have won the Super Bowl again 2117.
Patriots just can't figure it out.
in the gym u at home
IWASTHINKIN DOES.
WHO WANTS ICE CREAM?
We just found out it's an Antonov An124, here to refuel.
Funny how falling feels like flying for a little while
shares her journey rebranding at Intersections and Shared Ideals Across Design Disciplines
Pouched or poached?
Jackson Hole?
West Jellystone?
Ok ok he might be right I love talent that shit Turn me On ...
Man I've never had an issue with Seagate ever.
My old Seagate that I use for everyday use has been tickin' since 2006!
Bullets one at a time or together?
Research says show all parts at once before digging into parts
Some blk folks want light skinned babies with curly hair just to have something to brag about
Sadly, I'm about to make your day worse...check ur inbox.
Actually, go look at pictures of kittens playing and THEN check.
SongsIListenToEveryday Magnificent Seven by The Clash
Doing what I do best.
good, at brunch now.
You?
Show tomorrow night Doors open at 7pm, 7 cover.
Come out and show us your support!
i had no choice but me and my mom have a better relationship ship now :D
Anytime.
RT : Just finished the half, and that sounds great right about now.
windows down radio up kinda day.
Early 90s hiphop was the real innovator.
The five years between 9095 were a boom like we'll never see again.
GOT EM !!
Electric Daisy here we come
1nce upon a time in
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
The Walking Dead game on XBLA: Fun but kinda doctorgs ass.
it sounds like an effing mariachi band out side my window it's 3 in the morning shut up
Go Brew Crew!
I'm thinking about frying up a pound of Benton's bacon and just doctornking the rendered fat
Hi you wanted to speak about possible collaboration?
riverun past Eve and Adam's by swerve of shore and bend of bay, etc tried it hundoctords of times, when it worked, we got married
Talent management LA...
Every 2nd week.
RT : Did I miss the Friday word play competition?
I missed breakfazzt today so anything's possible.
I just renewed my premium for another year, no question.
I use it dozens of times a day.
nowplaying ol dirty bastard Brooklyn Zoo
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS WORLDWIDE!!!!!
So tempted to make a waffle...but gotta be ready for
Hey are you working on a screenplay or a film...
I'm working on a feature screenplay to hoopefully film this year.
I was going to respond to your tweet, but you deleted it skank.
I love hearing your voice
Critical Psychology Confronts Racialized Crises: Free talk by Michelle Fine of on prison pipeline TODAY 4pm
life is more fun that way lol
You've got to lose to know how to win.
that's fair but I think the energy some journalists expend obsessing over tech can be better spent on story.
3WordsOfAdvice Learn To Spell.
Sounds like your wife and I would get along then!
: Thanks for the message.
basically a thank you for staying patient and continuing to support the overall agenda...
Wednesday 6/1/2011  DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
That's right scal that's what we do
You're really going to tell me, Tim Duncan is even half the defender is?!
That automatically supplants Tim at 10!
Going to see Joe Rogan tonight at Cobbs in San Francisco!
Greenpeace is the largest environmental organization globally in 40 different countries says
Did you know that the number two plastic surgery procedure is breast enhancement?
I agree completely but it's not like I have anything to look forward to I'm just going to be working to pay for car insurance.
Watching the Clippers while picking winners for HollywoodPark with a PizzaPort brew in hand.
there was a time when my world was full of darkness.
wish things were the same as they used to be...
Greta Van Susteren confuses herself
My back has been aching really bad since yesterday.
I wish a cute boy would give me a massage.
Follow the Adamouski if you are an emerging artist and wish to participate in our international art competition.
to the msn joint?
In My Room Workin On Some Of My Music.
iFinally Have A Name 4 My Upcoming Album!.
you're the love of my life!
It's Friday..back to work on Sunday!
thank you.
:
Really?
Change my password?
Jee willy how clever of you
Biology EOC this morning ;; ima fail...
I use Microsoft OneNote  integration w/ IE is nice, supports diverse multimedia  is searchable.
Zotero is great too
Jalen we just past there decided not to go
One week until so many amazing bands and Michigan brands!
Well, it is a toasty 48 Degrees F here where I am...
please let it rain and the heat wave break in Texas!!!
Uh, maybe we should wait to judge whether it's tweetworthy!
Knowing em, there'll be f time to catch other shows n then be in time for them to take da stage at 2a.
Shoulders, Triceps, and core today...it's gonna be a good Tuesday :
Tiger expressed ALL of the sentiments that he needed to express.
Hahaha ya boy Wayne teamin up wit TPAIN to do a musical ab Freaknik.
Haha hope its as wild as this Weezy DVD we gots.
So I'm addicted to sleep, its my doctorg, my bed is my dealer,  my alarm clock is the police
Someone was creepin on my instagram earlier.
LIVE NY HOUSING Special: apt studio UES  all inclusive  comfortably accommodates up to 4 people 150/night.
Inquiries
haha oh :D my dogs are annoying at night Dx
bwahahaaa that's amazing!
keep them thumbs up
Ohmygoood.
The google zipper thing is soo much fun...
Fact .
Visualize what you can't see
Off to the mid west.......see you next week west coast!
Tomorrow is my little sister kyla and my ex boyfriend's birthday
i've had some help and been at it a while  8380 of those are my posts
jk  translation  im not kidding i just dont want you to get mad at what i said
If you're hungry when you leave diytrunkshow there so many great restaurants nearby.
Experience sophisticated relaxation while earning 10 cashback when you go to Prime Cigar  Wine Bar!
Happy Birthday Mom ..
Hope you have a great birthday weekend!!
I love you bunches!!!!!!!!
u got a few ass whipping coming
Let's go get it!
Miami in less den 2 weeks :
Follow me !
Changing the world one beautiful person at a time.
When he messages you  says Hey Babe: It just makes your whole day better:
Finally in wish I had someone to go home too
That's not true.
Break out Dave's App for yourself and see, there are numerous ways to make a least change map work.
Slept way too long today...
In other news, good morning.
YOU ARE INCREDIBLE!
:
A stellar and timely article.
Thanks for sharing Lance!!
Don't forget!
Worldoctornowned State Capella of Russia will be in Potomac, MD, TONIGHT at 7 pm!
Tix are only 35!
Call 301.548.9250.
but while the 1st half was controlled by FCD, SKC took over the 2nd and made the game theirs.
Deserved win in the end
Kourtney was a bitch to Scott.
He was so sweet to commission that painting of them!
kktny she's weird for not wanting pix at all in the hse
I just walked by a house that had a bunch of swords sitting on the front porch.
Djslym: I'm gonna have lil scrappy in town soon doing features with indie artist.
If u interested please hit me up.
Serious artist only FWD
kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Fri, May 11 5:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production.
Join us on...
Since FNshorty is away...
FNgamenight is a solo mission.
Social stream  steam games tonight!
Skype in and play with me!
I'll take a bottle of sodo to go
o OK!
Which one of you just got 567,000 on Toy Story Midway Mania and ruined it for the rest of us?
:
but really, did stare at your ass.
She told me all about it and I stared, too.
haha yep sounds about right
We're at the best place around, but some stupid with a flare gun burned the place to the ground.
Damn!
I know well never forget
take me with you!
I love u!
William Levy escaped Cuba, Donald doctorver overcame homelessness, and Katharine Jenkins had a bad breakup...
Not feeling the anouncers at the clippers game.
thanks shell :
Why does everybody say I play games I don't lol
There is a method to everything I do....
to review DK concert for Examiner.com.
Follow she just got a new Twitter account to go with her new last name :
I couldn't agree with u more : I can not!!
I reapeat: I CAN NOT WAIT TILL SCHOOL IS OVER!
I am so over this semester.
chasing the sunamazingestfantastical song EVER
It's been a god weekend .
We can help you work some brewing history into the next Trivia Night, just say the word!
I think in a month.
Just had one so back in training.
As gas prices go up, I see more people taking the bus and Metro Rail.
When the weight of life is bearing down, stare back and have the courage to take just one more step...
I love that color!
Moms signing for her new truck
Production on the second installment of Dexter: Dorm Room Days starts tonight!
It's going to be a killer shoot..
great to hear that is involved with !
Loved Random Acts of Kidness that was at Block2
low key i jump higher than all yall.
Lmao jk
Digging out my tennis gear for tomorrow, finally.
So how bad is Gretchen going to be on stage?
Good Morning Denver, CO.
Rockies 16 on the Road, When will the Bats erupt, and the Pitching stabilize?????
iplspring SCOTUS focused on sourcedistinguishing ability of mark, not ontological status as color, that permits it to serve basic TM purps
Decided not to go this weekend!
Birmingham, AL need females for video shoot.
Pay is 200 dollars.
Nudity not required.
Just watched VD on DVR.
Now I can go to sleep, too!
Now that's the kind of talk I like 2 hear!
ONE HOUR AWAY from our viewing party for Red Bull Supernatural 13PM!
both Dupont and Tenleytown locations
is getting really concerned I'm not gonna finish this project by the end of the year.
3OT incoming caps rangers both teams blasting shots, i predict winning team wins series
Referring to the story, I just hope that no disciplinary action is taken against these employees.
It's confusing..
I'm inspired to watch my childoctorn face the hard stuff in life even when it's most painful.
Very proud to be their mom!
: I've never learned anything at a conference.
It's the feeling.
Makes you feel like you could accomplish anything.
its 10:45 and i'm passing out why
ABC's TheBachelor will be holding a casting call in Baltimore on June 28th, at the GreeneTurtle Baltimore at McHenry Row
Philly learned from past to include parents so created school advisory councils to choose operators for turnarounds
You, who invented virtualization, I love you.
Watching milansanremo msr on French eurosport and I'm intrigued and amused by the trail for le Rois de la Pedale after
How appropriate that I'm at the FAMUNAA convention and a Rainforest Films movie is on TV!
Thanks for the RT's
Only three more day until opening day
I hope that RGIII works out better for the Skins than Leaf was for the Bolts.
Last time a team traded for the second pick behind the Colts.
Darlene Cypser's The Mystery of the Ghostly Bells ebook will be free tomorrow on amazon.
Sherlock Holmes  Watson investigate haunted house
Send all design inquires to
Shout 2 my HOMIE his VISUALS FINA KILL EM!!!!
Everybody go follow !!!!
Shes Awesomee.
:D
Those are like my ABC's in smiley faces format
Project managers really crack me up...
I feel you,most are glorified babysitters  have zero leadership qualities..
I'm off to Spain!
But fear not, in 2 weeks I'll be back to brighten your day with happy tweets.
In the meantime I'll be snapping castanets.
WOW just finished our album art up.
Its amazing!
Thanks a ton dude!
Dear please come out and play.
oh mariners revenge with the first encore.
Amazing.
pretty much ....
nobody going to ever see things the way the other side see it so doctorp it ..
About to get an exam on my shoulder and then some A.R.T.
Damn straight.
Just book the Kindle app on my MacBook and bought a book.
Why did I not do this sooner?
Once the cat's out of the bag, there's no turning back.
Morning twitter!
fuck this, im going after you3
what does the term library mean to you?
Totally jelly right now
I wonder what talking about .
Is anyone else aware that the HoustonRockets had Jeremy Lin but gave him up to sign Samuel Dalembert?
Sittin on a gold mine  didnt know it
Safe travels guys!
RT : Wow brewery folk in full force at DIA!
watch out San Diego!
thank you shawty love u for that
he he he ok!
I'm finally going to sleep..
Nite nite u!!
for myself.
I'm greedy like that ;
I am!
I haven't been able to stop playing Happy Hour since it came out!
And when Im there?
Andi is doing nothing that is considered mathh?
lol
If we keep students at the center of our efforts, we can enact change, says Ward of
Is that place new orleans themed by any chance?
Bottoms Up
having a cyberpunk moment via skype with at
maybe courtyard ill kno for sure tommisterow round 2
I'm your biggest fan!!
Belieber forever
There is a Snapped marathon on.
I cannot stop.
Bitches are crazy.
That was the one that actually inspired last weekend's stupid MLB letterswap thing.
Still amuses me.
Overheard at a Portland food coop, It's for Christmas dinner, so it needs to go with the baby Jesus ribs.
A unit of power equal to 1,000 watts.
Quick!
Tell Doug, Kottaras at first, Maldanado as 2nd catcher!
thank u my love you r a great girl too : I have to study a little bit and I'll relax the rest of the day :D what did u do ?
yeah bro for sure i wanna chill with my niggas
Grateful today for good friends who share my passion and inspire me!
Happy Birthday buddy.
Many happy returns of the day.
Hope someone has purchased you a horse trough full of skittles!
:
the fountain at Bellagio for sure
Are you getting the results you want from your actions?
If not, do you need to switch the way you look at things, if ever so slightly?
The Abyss only wants deep, meaningful hugs.
Awww...thanks so much!
Have a super weekend!
:cod quote...
going to play cod4?
SHOUT OUT TO BILL GOLDBERG AND MANY BLESSING TO YOU SIR.
GOD BLESS!
I would actually like to know what kind of summer reading programs you have planned?
Still trying to wake myself up...didn't get much sleep last night, ugh!
Jim asked about it, and I said it would be good to make it adjacent to but not in conflict with.
ASEE in Louisville?
Thanks very much
Finally moving out of my patents house and moving in with some crazy ppl who wants to help me pack ?
haha
i cant im at band camp right now
Lovely work holiday party yesterday .
Will definitely be hard for to match it today.
LEONA LEWIS IS AMAZING.
shit lol im flat broke...shit i need a hustle
Will there still be room for the copper mantels to grow if have all that other stuff in there...?
Boy, nothing makes me appreciate my good health like losing it for a day or two.
Those are some good ones.
I'd pick Cristiano Ronaldo, Ryan Kawnten, Robert Smith.
Picking three is too hard.
BIG CONGRATS 2 my colleagues , Bartley, Nasser  team on the Overseas Press Club Award 4 their Egypt/Libya reporting
I think I need to go back to my old ways....
Join us on June 4th in NYC!

shock jock.
Trying to imply white Redskins fans are racists.
Stop it SKIP!
Shame on you!
Where the spots at for the fight tonight d.c
What a movie!
Watched Tatoo 2 times in a row!!
but thats me ?
What do you listen to while you work out?
thanks for the quick response!
I will forward the Email
Thank you for the FF shout out!
Playing a combo gig at Black on Burlington on August 3rd.
Private event
I know it's Paulie at the plate but starting Dunn moving is a little much
We had a blast at NHT's Annual Event, this past Sat!
Shaunyce Omar rocked the house as High Hat Hattie.
Anyone know of any SlidesShare alternatives?
Since Dwight Howard is out for the Olympics Tyson Chandler is a lock to make team USA
Please have standards...
Or you'll settle for anything!
Actually, level of severity has no relation to parent's level of optimism.
Apparently, it's a matter of choice.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
listening shook me all night long by AC/DC and sweeping the floor.You guys create a big mess last night.
:
Mad Men is on there!?!?!?!
I've been wanting to watch that and didn't even think to search for it...thank you so much!
website redesign!
Far less clutter and larger type size!
Nice job :
Cottage cheese 
if only i knew the answer to that question...
: why are you always awake
Hey there!
Yes, it was me.....
your guys are AWESOME!
Thanks so much for taking care of us, you are Awesome!
My head hurts!
:
some very cool classes there!
When a grown person decides they need to tell me a ghost story, I just say in my best spooky voice I'm so bored!
BatteryPower.co is open!
because they are losers.
They do it all the time!
That's awesome!
Let us know when you do.
We'd love to see it.
Plus, who doesn't love chocolate?
free yoga for earth day!
sunday, 4:30pm  Fed Hill  sunday, 8pm  Towson  just say the magic password mother earth to get in fo' free!
How many starters will be in the Miami Dolphins rookie class?
Today 1936: Freight train derailed near Janesville, WI.
18 cars, 13 of which were oil tankers, burned.
Luckily, no one was injured.
follow me :D
Bagels made it through customs
I'm not going to lie today was pretty good!
Great weekend now time to recover for the next round of shenanigans!
A big congratulations to Indiana's 2011 Teacher of the Year, Stacy McCormack, from Penn High School!
Blue Ivy Carter Meets Prince, Taylor Swift, Nicki Minaj and Others
btw I havent seen you in too long wtf bro!
I would like to congradulate.
this is an honor and something to make a big deal of.
Good morning twitter
It's a prank y'all.
if denver wins i hope no laker fans off themselves
Safe travels!
Have fun in Portland!
RT : A word of THANKS to ALL who attended An Evening with the Arts hosted by  !
Indeed, it was a very...
Its quiet in the car....
Pool swim !!
Ahh my favorite !
We may have to.
Hope you dont mid gettin your hands a little dirty lol
Damn what am i doing awake oO?
That awkward moment when you didn't set anyone straight...
okay yall lets do it!
got nothing...
prowrestlingtv Attitude Era Raw....SWEET!!!!
Is waiting....
Okay so I can't believe I'm saying this...Kentucky basketball team is important : lol
I was like..
Did dis nigga get lighter?
BUT NO.
IT'S YO TEEF.
Now call me I need to ask you somefiiiish!
Much appreciated RT : I declare today void.
Don't even bother starting it
that sarcastic RT : Well this is gonna be a sweep.
Clippers completely overwhelmed early.
Totally dominated by the Spurs.
...and the value of giving away services to causes u believe in can be immeasurable..says Margaret conf.call
we are all still very proud of you guys..
This may be a position player pitching kind of game.
Who comes in?
Maybe Pedoctor and they don't play with a third baseman.
You'll be getting a call from the FBI soon.
Just finished editing my paper for the AES spring conference, presenting tomorrow
this is my hat now.
This is totally my hat.
Gettin that tan on!
I have no tolerance for other people if I'm sober.
Haha : Yeah, I heard a Shark on SharkTank say it.
Made me cringe :
If u need any artwork or photography done get at me..
package deals on design and print also.
hit me up for samples of my work..
Nicki is going on tour with Britney this summer, according to Ryan Seacrest.
Happy birthday :D
Preserve rivalries, don't chase money RT With all this change what is AFs goal?
They are a nation team in a regional league.
If you like to learn and laugh...you're in the right place!
i have to go be back on later !!
going to a BBQ with the family : !!
i love you all 3
had a look at your website and I was a little confused with what your software does and I am experienced in WP
Bollywood Flashmob and more at Dance Is The Answer closing party TODAY at Strathmore: www.danceistheanswer.org
Grapple with this, Marquette BasketBall is right around the corner already!
Don't forget we send buses for all regular season home games!
omg yes i can finally get back on twitter:
Who knew a new headboard and bed frame could make so much of a difference...
I slept wonderfully last night.
We like cellphones in the hood we die or catch a charge..
FF who was a birthday girl this week!
adjusting my quantifiedself experiments to further datify my life.
What I would do to visit now!
RT Only immediate family could visit an inmate during their stay at Mansfield.
Breath into the belly.
Sing from the belly.
Wow...seriously??
did mama Reidel approve of that??
We need lyndsey for the ultimate trifecta!
Can't find my phone, can't hear the ringer, and is down.
Fantastic!
Never underestimate the POWER of keeping RAW Almonds at your desk or in your car.
They will SAVE you from cheating on any diet.
pls let me help u!!!
I know what works and what is pointless!
A pump is a must!
Lol oh I love y'all!
Thanks to , Nicole Wallace is famous.
Radio Crystal Awards The theme: Community service is good for business.
Here with
party like a rocker my niggas wilder then flocka
HOW DO YOU GUYS FIND OUT YOUR FCAT SCORES?
I have all sorts of white people calling me from Utah.
It's quite adorable lol.
Isaac is in the other room rocking the babe to sleep so i can listen to the music
Got some new clientele in the last week and some new Graphic designers in the last 2 Weeks.
The expansion begins
Toure is a race baiter.
Obsessed with race.
yea I feel that!
I hear Gorgui Dieng is coming out with rb album!!
Should b a good 1!!
IfWeAreInARelationship i would be blessed and would be the luckiest girl alive3
My Bdaytweet goes out to breezy Happy bday !
I Wore a brand new white shirt to work and some how managed to get ketchup all over it ...
I suck at life!
Hey  find our street team on campus today!
There may or may not be balloon animals involved.
Yeah!
Clarinets are the violins of the wind ensemble :
Dedicated my day to Nathan.
3 :
Just had dinner at eddies moms house.
Shredded turkey on Cuban bread with black beans and ride.
poopytime!
Definitely horns.
Did you know that if you mix dirt with vodka, you can make mud?
and its organic!
For the Twitter marketing automation community: Marketo CEO Phil Fernandez has joined the convo Looking forward to his thoughts
bye have a great day 3 i love you
she follows everyone back x but its something :
what the subtweet is going on in here?
you're going to your dad's this weekend???
Me to!: follow??
It would make me super happy:
yeah!
thanks again erin!
:
Hopefully no flooding?
All if this nice weather here all the bugs are already out
lost 5.5 pounds since his last weighin!
With great power, comes great responsibility.....and shorter naps.
Oh, I knoww.
Only woman that I feel should be shot.
My Dad
thank you for the retweet
That'd be great!
Looking forward to hearing about the conference, too.
Looks like met about everyone in BBN.
I didn't even have a sighting : He's going to be a fan favorite for a long time!
i need a jajajacket :P im fafafreezing :P
Debating who will win the SEC West with a random Bama fan at ChickfilA.
That is about as Southern as it gets.
I think ima disappear for a few weeks.
Srsly, also, hopefully UNvicariously, too.
Is there a preexisting word for that?
Was there even a closet to begin with?
RT : Per , the have signed QB John Beck.
Released by on April 28.
When they gonna invent a way to get lotion on ur back?
Damn
I'm not sure what's less surprising about that home run.
That KRod gave it up or that Kotsay hit it.
Any symptoms yet Danny?
Hey , I'm excited to perform on the Claremont stage tonight!
RT RT : 60 million will buy 300 miles of urban bikeways or one mile of urban freeway Cycling is a cheap date.
Frank Ocean live streaming on Coachella right now.
So much weed.
So much smoke.
So much dope.
lol k goodnight.
oh and i almost forgot...
it's been a while since i've been trolled so badly..
just like getting rickrolled, congrats 4 that
that just shows he was a fake.....hahaha
Hate the smell of stanky ass breath :/
U make me want to say oh my ohmy
Dallas returns to television after a 14 year run and a 22 year hiatus.
Now if only Larry Hagman and Barbra Eden redid I doctoram Of Jeanie!!!
I might be out of the loop, but what is kony??
Gunpowder tea is green tea rolled into small balls.
The compact pellets keep well, better than most teas and packs a punch!
digifact Digital surrogate can offer interaction/experience unavail w real object, e.g.
mechanism demo or hi res magnification capability
So good at procrastinating.
Frikin midterms.
So many sour faces in Nashville today.
PeytonManning has let his old college home fans down.
Oh well...
Rider is Brad Domke.
Rides for Great surfer too.
rips waves as well as music!
Its Funny When Hoes Try To Compete Against Me, That Shows They Wanna Be Me
But, as soon as I say that...they run 3 off!!
Nicely done!
It's Friday!!
The Nutcracker on Ice, December 910!!!
im always ranting to myself about this one bitch..lol
it's actually not that fussy, and for someone who can master graphics software?
Pieceums of cakie, hmm?
I'll try and help.
yes!
radio interview would be great.
Can you DM me your contact info?
: Lol at that boy rondo haha!
i know!
i think he forgot where he was!
Everything o:
I wish I have time to watch a live NBA game..
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Alfred Lord Tennyson
This skit on SNL is blowin' minds.
I think it went okay thanks : How was your day?
Did you get my email?
x
ECO Friendly Home Improvement Retail Store Announces Grand Opening
lol i think i might join the darkside
full album released today though
When I know that Liverpool won the Carling Cup, football is gaining popularity in the US.
Veterans: come check out the Kansas City Veterans Fair at !
I heart
I keep listening to Misunderstood over and over!
Such an awesome song!!
pssst.
rumor has it that OB Rag may be sharing a post w/ what ever happened to partisanship?
I don't want to wait forever for this song to come on
Still in session.
Gonna be a long week.
Interesting, though.
I believe Casey did it, but prosecution never proved w/o doubt she did it.
Lack of evidence.
Shame she's getting away w murder
You'll never understand what you put me through...
thanks a bunch S/o to you a must follow
Hey Walter!
Are you guys hosting a caving clinic anytime soon?
May be spending more time in Tampa in the months ahead.
:
S/O to Wall Street  Jedi Knight School Cincinnati's Finest
AND THIS GAMES IN THE REFRIGERATOR!!!!!
LAKERS 31
Literally lol'ed at the people in line at mcdonalds.
ftw, duh!
Yay rick bayless!
I hate it when people unfollow
I think they're at Starbucks once a month.
; hope to see you guys soon.
Thanks John!
Great team, great partners.
Thanks bunches!
USPTO Director David Kappos launches new blog for general public and inventors: www.uspto.gov/blog
haha it's not, but school might be!
Waiting to hear back from Pikeville.
Dead ass I think dude on my TL is gay
1 Cobb salad 24 dollars plus tip and delivery.
1 movie 18.99.
Salad and a movie rental.
50 dollars.
the only promise in life is death
I'm coming in on Saturday!
trying the stuffed hash browns FOR SURE.
And bacon.
I'm not a Clipper fan in any way but you have to hate basketball to not admire what the Clippers are attempting tonight.
Good Will Cunting
Its a Rick Perry joke.
Ya know what nevermind lol
there is a new brief check it out and don't forget to leave a comment
Become a team boss with F1 Online: The Game  Formula 1
Another big shoot tomorrow, really goin for it.
Live chickens.
Send us luck.
Hump Day Special!
Fuse'd Chocolate Bar.
Spiced dark chocolate on graham cracker crust...this delicious creation will get u thru to Friday!
IamAStanBecause Eminem isn't afraid to show his emotions
those cuties have a lot of appeal.
If laughter boosts your metabolism, what happened to Dom DeLuise?
Did that pimple on the inside rim of your nose finally go away?
JW
Patriots Let's go we got this!!!!!
Happy Birthday enjoy!
Happy Mother's Day to all who qualify!
KeMVP because it's like an 'S' for second and a  for a crazy big contract
u'll meet someone amazing, i know it.
haha
Does anyone recall the gem that Wolf was pitching.
I forgot
Getting nervous for the show on Friday already!
Uh oh!
i was juss talkin to him about music and he told me hit u up lol....u do music?
I trust in you lord.
No matter what.
you're going to take on all 3?
Has the gauntlet been thrown?
ConfessionTime I like feeling sexy.
omg.
why am I not being productive?
sadly no.
Last year will be hard to top, but I will be gracing Chicago with my presence.
haha yes I am :P but I'm going to sleep
Don't bash what you don't fully understand.
You don't sound smart or evolved, u sound like a douche.
Better yet, don't bash anything at all.
I can't put my finger on if I'm more annoyed by the  transaction or the client unsure of proper citations.
in getting nervous cause I don't have tickets yet.
Keep your horn up
Laundoctor, website, and cocktails.
Good so far.
And you?
Some auditory delights in honor of our beeswaxproducing friends, w/out whom there would be no StewartClaire....
Very excited to be in new York.
Business and pleasure.
So amazinging happy.
you're welcome!
austria...
that's very cool!
greetings back from new york :
I think it was spot on : Got me to read the mail!
Forgery happened in a campaign CTA was leading.
Never said you did it.
But who did??
Docs don't forge themselves.
I'm going to France fore the first time on Saturday, I'm so excited!
Amazing  signs of UMW really are everywhere!
hahaha wow....
That's rock n roll
Sorry to hear about this.
Which direction were you going?
Also, make sure you are using the most recent schedule dated 4/8/2012.
so much doctorma in the lbc
While the world is still sleeping, I'm up in the morning.
Looks delicious.
Have a great trip!
Every last one of you quoting the odds of winning MegaMillions has already bought a ticket.
So
okay, thanks!
uh oh  can you send a screen shot to please?
Thanks!
The Avengers great movie3 .
watched it yesterday
Hear that ?
Jen wants a karaoke sequel.
Mechanical bull is optional.
ah come on help us out:
gud morning leave the boos
Jam packed on the Tokyo subway this morning....What's that?
This is the red line?
yeah.
I got pics up of her everywhere lol
welcome to NYC!
Can't wait to relive one of my favorite parts of tonight.
The problem with the Chevy end of the world commercial is that there will only be MEN left at the end of the world.
YouWasCuteUntil i saw you pick up a cigarette.
Exclnt Program at NYSAE next week.PV showing PNV WebCasts at the Technology Showcase.
You will do great can't wait!!:D HaHa
thank you so much, i am so glad you like them!
Omygoshh!
Mona is A!!
having fun?
i know i am:D
ABOUT TO WORK ON SUM LINES FOR NEXT WEEKS AUDITON!!!
cough..
I'm right over here ;
Have the new doctorve set up with all of the files transferred.
Now to link the media then finish the new edit and create a new sound mix.
It irritates me that does not mention controversy about Sapong's goal in their analysis.
They fail to acknowledge any failure from ref
getting ready to watch the Oscars..my favorite awards ceremony of the year33
I am wiser because of my mistakes.
2 things I find attractive about Ocho Cinco is he is gorg  a douche bag.
That's it
LOL!
RT : Holy Cow!
It's baddoctorssed tourists day in DC.
Didn't they get the memo that the cherry blossoms are gone?
wow, just did...
is sweet!
Wisconsin is representing tonight at the Westminsterdogshow!
No Adoctorck died the beastie boys are suppose to live forever
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty
black girl
Oh no it's Friday the 13th!
SCARY!
/ 
For real?
I just got a letter in the mail from the BMV saying my license is suspended?
I didn't do shit???
Fillimg out an app for mcds
GET INTO Battlestar Galactica!
Oh shit!!
: Ahahahaha RT : weDONTgotogether when I smack the shit out you for assuming we go together!!
sub lmao
UGH that always happens.
fixed now.
Left CSI OpenHouse CSINSC , missed X10 bus Nice stranger in car gave me lift  caught bus NewYorkers are nice!
o if someone promoted me I'd love you forever.
RT : Nice demo for team by geocommons.
Lots of potential for archives  libraries to share  expose
That's sad
upset that everyone is using purple ribbons for Sheridan's death..those are epilepsy awareness ribbons.
NOT car wreck ribbons.
Crap.
Now I notice the dog hair in my wine!
RT : And has added Sour Patch Kids to her wine.
With a straw.
So there's that.
watching fear factor  why is this lady eating a pigs nose :/
You just may be OK, it's the small regional planes that get the cancellations first.
I'll be pulling for ya!
:
INCREDIBLES, baby.
Also really dig the theme to Catch Me if You Can.
Iconic?
Probably not
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect.
It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
HU Art Department Student Body Meeting today from 2pm  3pm in room 3001 of the Fine Arts building.
Welcome Big Ron, Sarah, Neal and Eric!
Thanks for following...hope you like what you see.
:  Have a great day!!!
never stopped.
And yeah, I'll definitely be around.ay even stop at a party or two.
We'll see.
have a great weekend!
When are you coming to NYC?
Who is the best rock group of all time?
I've genuinely laughed at two SNL sketches tonight.
That's more than in years.
Great question!
Just discovered that we've accidentally included Alleluias in all our 5pm service leaflets during Lent.
Surprised no one pointed it out.
tons of students at the secrets wall between classes!
you're my wonderwall.
thank you for following me!
I didn't even know until today!
Haha.
Thank you again.
I love youu333
Thanks, Brian!
Hulu REALLY needs to improve its ad selection algorithm to avoid showing me the same useless ad 3 times in a row with no breaks in between.
even though you're a Braves fan, you have to realize they probably won't be able to keep this up through a whole season.
Where leaders are born
Lol man I'm thinking bout banging this ice cream sandwich all because you made me hungry lol and today is tomorrow hahaha
Follow for instant follow back Team2Sexy the baddest ladies on Twitter!!
Nothing ages your car as much as the sight of your neighbor's new one.
EVAN ESAR
I just saw a spider...I'm not going to sleep.
I'm about ready to climb on top of this northbound Caltrain, India style.
These people are bunk.
I'm back!!
I'm refreshed and inspired!!
Tonight  8pm Swing/Funk...that's right.
I said it.
Come find out what it means!!

Happy Mothers Day 2 dem bitches wit kids LMAOOOOO
chilling like the winter lol
No hour of life is wasted that is spent in the saddle
Just did an interview with Tampa Bay Rays' player BJ Upton.
Gonna see how his run compares to a cheetah's.
I am converging on
idk put whatever you want and thanks again
At least you didn't put coffee in your sugar.
My face has been numb since 230........
WTF
Feeling a little better, or at least dont feel like I'm gonna die today...
its been 3 days now, and I have 7 more to go until im off meds :/
I hate to think I lost a friend cause u couldn't keep ya dick to yo self but hey next
Usually we love us some KTRU, but this bizarre Celtic/GuitarCenterstyle metal shredding they're playing right now is...well, questionable.
Yes!
Thanks!
Going to the vet this morning to see if my pup needs surgery.
Boo!
Job Hunt: Tips for using social networks to your advantage
LG LS970 'superphone' shows up again, flaunts its removable battery and NFC chip
NF an solid disc jockey
hahaha, how does it feel selling out just to graduate?
RT : No I dont want to sit in on a TU swim practice and write a paper on it
Does anyone have a pencil I can use for the ACT?

that's because I'm a tough guy.
Grrr!
Today is Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day.
About 1 in 303 childoctorn in the U.S.
have cerebral palsy...
When the waiter left our table he literally skipped away.
When he approached us, he hopped.
It was simultaneously unnerving and amusing.
Shower time , then to beat my mug!
3
RIP EJ McGuire
teddyatlas going off on espn
its good !
I love the smell of diesel trucks in montana
80 yr old archivist from CO here for genealogy convention asks me for directions to East Walnut Hills.
He's heard it's beautiful there
WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!!
Going to get dinner ready!!
Buffalo steaks w/ wild mushroom couscous!!!
10 OFF all concentrates tomorrow at Farm Associated!!!!
made fabulous pad thai with my roommate tonight!
Now watching Just Deserts  the ads for new Desert Delights gum.
Great tieins!
i know:o
ShoutOutToTheBoys that are great Christian guys!
THE ULTIMATE IRONY: in order to become a notary public, you have to get your form notarized
I have to admit Rihanna's WeFoundLove is catchy...
that's all she's getting from me.
So excited to have won lunch!
The link to contact Jacqueline, doesn't work but pls dm me  I'll send you my contact info.
Thanks!
I get that the guys who own Brothers paid a lot1.98MMfor the property but assessed value is 750K.
Makes 2.1MM sound like a nice offer.
Had a blast!
RT : Just opened up for Kenny Rogers!
with
Learning about the Dell Social Media Command Center from the very intelligent Lisa!
smile.
No, I did time in that effort already.
Helping get volume 14 out was as much as I am capable of on that front.
Just had a small heart attack after a huge spider appeared out of nowhere  I almost stepped near it.
Thinking is more stinking than doctornking, but to feel is for real.
Sufi Sam
Follow her!
She rules!
: when I grow up, I want to be just like you.
: NobodyFollowsMe IAmFunnyISwear
Nothing like a deadline to kick your creative  in gear!
That's me...
I also keep away from SxSW and ACL as much as humanly possible.
Hate rowdy crowds, period.
the harassment makes me want to avoid cruises!!!
We wouldn't want to go trick or treating at these spooky houses, but just had to share them anyway  they're made entirely of LEGOs!...
Thanks for the RT!
Tell my mom!
: Help a child and you impact one life.
Help parents, and you impact generations.
Anonymous
If you do, perhaps you and your wife could stay in one of our amazing hotel suites!
Could be a winwin for all!
:
I am on it!
Regardless of what anyone says Obama is a excellent politician.
Well..there's this boy....and he loves me like you never did.
3
This bitch gets on my nerves , she's always writing something irrevelant , like foh .
fake bitch !
You know it's weird looking at that and seeing over your picture LINDSEYSTOMP FOR KING!...Just sayin'.
is a bit peeved at for getting to Operation Defriend before he did ;
The hype got through my deflector shields.
I bought Diablo 3.
nothing makes you feel more old than falling on your knees while skating.
happy birthday chi!
OH citycampsf: So go into sediment?
works on watershed data tables with a remote participant.
I woke up starving wish I had some1 to go to Denny's with!
Tweaking is a friendly word, except when noses are involved.
haha im watchin for the first time and losin it
Done with fieldwork as of Right.
Now.
W00t!!
enjoy your time abroad and don't worry will be here waiting when you get back
girl's are like candy.
you can like and have a lot of them, but only one can be your favorite.
damn do i like myself a milky way.
Thom, Last Brewer to homer in three straight plate appearances?
Visiting my sis, woke up to find her cat brought me a plank of balsam wood 2X the length of her body.
sweet like candy to my soul.
sweet you rock and sweet you roll.
One day until the flyingpig marathon!
sub 3:17, you're mine.
The lovely and are on the list 1 for tonight's show!
Congrats lovies and enjoy!
Thanks!
Love ConquerEnt
I see you recently bought a condo off Michigan Ave.
Want to talk about it?
of Sunnydale Tenants Association in 2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person to file his

Happy New Year
they have my seal of approval as well.
Yeah.
Here is just known for hotness in the summer.
We got a lot of tornadoes last year too.
It was bad!!
Please explain, KonEzee is its own Brand and has nothing to do with any other franchise
Open your eyes!
Here's to the Mahomies who share their boyfriend with over 600,000 girls.
: Wurstfest and Bandera's Hunter's BBQ are two of my favs.
Thanks for the shout out!
I can't stop sneezing today...
Wtf!
Bynum and pau wanna run it back up to 11
Apologies for the multiple posts  it was unintentional.
Dang that technology stuff!
Fonts are the clothes that words wear.
Beatrice Ward Wisdom shared today from Lisa A!
Thanks so much!
We can't wait to start spreading the word about July 4th.
Our motto: think about voting when you see fireworks.
:
would you like the vid link when it's ready?
I am up reading, highlighting, and taking notes.
Librarians never sleep.
We are always thinking about words, papers, and our glasses.
They should card everyone who tries to enter the store 'Forever 21' and turn away anyone over the age of 21.
Left the dentist.
Nitrous is like flying with a swarm of locusts in your head.
Not bad, but not terribly good either.
Yes, sweetie, Oliver has a hairpin and a strange accent for an Ohio boy.
dog, u will get way more than that...
Probably some truth to that, considering that buses would need to be reprogrammed...
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for the love!
you kick some ass.
Baked Ziti On Them Boys
If you have a twitter boyfriend/girlfriend go kill yourself.
HEY GUYS.
LET'S GET TO 3 MILLION BEFORE PARADISE.
33333.
Um people, beach hats are not derby hats.
have fun : I'm going to smother u in water balloons !
For what?
Allow myself to introducemyself.
The Writing Center's Personal Statement Workshop is WEDNESDAY 45 pm, Tawes 1203 RSVP:
If I lived back in the Wild West days, instead of carrying a sixgun in my holster, I'd carry a soldering iron.
That way, if som
Spring is the perfect time to paint the exterior of your home.
Call misterD's painting for a free estimate.
Our motto is  We Love to Paint 
It's all about hockey right now!
Anytime.
: Yeah I know what you mean my iPhone is always keeping me up too lol ;p
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO YOU TOO AUSTIN!
even though you will never see this, TELL YOUR MOMMA SHE'S SPECIAL
In India this week on business and what a great experience  I highly recommend it!
If my friends didnt get so amped I wouldnt be so prone to attack.
Only wish someone mega, would retweet me /3
it's like doctornking delicious air
this is gonna be so awkward 
Hoping today's only 10 hours ...
sigh
This Instagram app is sick!!
I refuse to even click on a Jezebel link anymore.
hey how u doin im Dez im from hicago i would really like to have a conversation w u can u dm me
ff Another social site, Another password, Another you gotta do it.
Create your Personal or Business professorle at www.about.me
Christmas Syndoctorme When you are looking forward to something constantly, to the point of obsession
I respect people who are honest from the start, not cowards who hide behind lies and deceit.
Really wishes my boyfriend didn't have class till 1:00 in the morning.
Stupid FullSail!
I haven't seen him in a month  I wanna skype :
congrats to all the pitt grads: MFAs, BAs, PhDs, MAs.
Lovely to see you all read, process, beam and move on.
Good luck!
haha stupid song.
its sad when your best friend is the reason you cant get a boyfriend cough
355 days and counting  down  to the End of it all.
Make the best of every day.
thank u rudy
haha.
my god they put on an amazing show.
A noncatchy press release can cause a story idea to be ignored simply because the person receiving it wont instantly see the story.
really, ur blowing up my timeline, at least follow me!!!
I'll stop spamming you
FYI those posts weren't spam!
Just watch the video and you'll know why I'm doing this 
Oh school, how much i hate you.
Righton!
Thanks.
Hope it was a nice walk.
Just paid 5 to hear 4 Bruce songs at Pigskin.
Thunder Road is next.
followed 3 i love my followers xP especially cause i joined 3 days ago and have 24 followers I LOVE YALL
Yes, it's all insane really.
NeNe is a negative person!
How else would one talk about her.
She is a big old mule and needs to be brought down.
I'M BEING ATTACKED BY A SQUIRREL HELP OMG OMG I'M SO SCARED
I prolly will in a little bit haha
Speaking of Darkness, my dad once told me Yeah, more like: Adam Raised a Pain in my Ass
It's a morning!
Running late on the way to the Lincoln Park Zoo for my volunteer shift.
An attitude of gratitude is all you need to thrive in all you do!
I'm grateful today for too much to list here and I hope you are too!
Pioneers claim ninthstraight SBC title...
Watton earns individual crown
Only treatment for above: Don't pet parrots, and stay out of chicken coops and bat caves.
I'm doing my best to comply with instructions.
Yes indeed!!
SongsThatGiveMeGoosebumps In The Air Tonight  Phil Collins
My Eyes Jumping Like Hell
Hit me up anytime at
Some people doin the Famufb and don't even go to Famu on my timeline lmao ok
Sounds like a great weekend
RT : I renamed my iPod 'The Titanic' so that when I plug it in, iTunes tells me 'The Titanic is syncing.' bit.ly/cgz6kH
We're hosing a Fall Meetup at the restaurant and would love for you to come.
Damn I want to be in Amsterdam.
Word up to JB3Music....Its already tomorrow today, that shit cray!
Arians are creative, open hearted, and high spirited.
Remind me to check out more of Lana Del Ray's music after hearing Video Games this morn.
: Welcome New Rushman Shea McClellin to the Chicago Bears!
Bears Beardown RUSH!
Chicks that smoke 
Urban39;s 39;All for the Hall39; benefits country music history
In another moment down went Alice...never once considering how in the world she was to get out again...
Hankering for fried chicken night
it has power, and we buy shoes from 1991 made by modern slaves thinking we are the illest to ever do it since
come down to SD with Quik tonight !
: morning sweetie
is movie night happening?
The day i walk across that stage i will have proved majority of people in my life wrong : cant wait for june 2013 too hurry up and come
How many times did you have to watch that video of that woman falling into the fountain?
It still makes me giggle.
Get him RT : Wow Nerlens Noel is moving to the Class of 2012...could be a huge development for UK 2012 class
I wanna sleep ..
Sorry!
We put up warnings, small break before the Summer slam : NO!
Came all the way to  saw it was closed!
wow the truth can never been hidden forever
the pregnancy doctorma on the yacht was a bit absurd.
It was LuAnn's night.
Not Ramona's !
lol I don't want to go either
that's my super speechie power!
Twitter predictions!
wanna tweet a pic of ur haircut!!!!!
and just btw here in chicago.....
theres snow and i hat snow...
:
LmaoRT : RT Boston.
Definately the better team, they will find away to put the Nuggets away.
If you believe that some day it is going to occur, some day it probably will happen.
Taylor Green's first AB is a double!
skyping with my cousin :
AMAZING!!!!
: 95.
AGUERO SCORES AND WINS THE LEAGUE!!!!
It is amazingly quiet in town this morning...
Even at 4:30 AM the town is usually not so peaceful...
THE CUTENESS OF THE NEMI TWEET THAT JUST OCCURED.
SOMEBODY HOLD ME
Which one are you doing?
OH YEA duh I forgot about that little guy.
Yea they got some legit pieces.
Probably a high doctorft pick too.
:Gordis:I would never engage in a conversation with an antiZionist.
BeinartVGordis.Implies one can't defend oneself, no?
Ugh.
What baseball team did Nats fans follow before 2005?
MikeAndMike why not trade Pau Gasol  matt barnes for Dwade?
They need another big man, who can space the floor  Dwade would fit in LA
The fact that none of these hoes are the voice if reason is beyond belief.
So its time to start this work out anyone know a good kick boxing class in Tampa
LMFAO OMMMFGGGG THAT'S TOO FUNNY 
I'm blown away thank you so much for the follow it means a whole lot.
who you goin with??
I'll be stuck at work :
I just wanna go from slob to chop first : soon you will have to change your name from chopped to ripped.
Good job!
Where the Red Fern Grows by Wilson Rawls: Dogs die.
such a great day with my kids mall....
amazing lunch and even better shopping!
Definitely!
Are you watching at home with the gang or out and about?
Really?
Breastfeeding on an airplane?
God/Universe is Greatt To Me!
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: the office thief is at it again but instead of sandwiches this time she stole Linda's diabetes medication.
Im not my exes dick..
so keep my name out of your mouth
spc slight risk of severe tstorms in SE WI Tuesday PM is just that...slight.
Not impressed with dewpoints in the upper 40s/low 50s.
First 3 game win streak of the year for the Bucs.
1 under .500, and can move to just 3 back in NLC if Cubs can hold off the Cards
Lets go Heat!
Pacers are going down 20!
Just got back home from New York City a few minutes ago.
Will do my best to help you with your request by mid week.
Thanks!
Bow Wow
My eyes may be closed, but my mind is not asleep.
Richie Rich is on.
Game the fuck over everything else on tv tonight.
Scanner Monitor: Watch for an erratic doctorver at Jordan and doctor Creek.
and sunglasses..
It's not that i'm being a bitch, or hard to get.
It's just that i don't beg with my love.
I'm the only social media manager in an org.
Posts abt events/ updates, generate convos/ interest etc
See you all there!
hewebROC,  hopefully Austin in the Fall!
I wanna go to the doctorving range.
lmaooo dont act like you still luhhhh me girl !!
How are you guys doctorssing up?
RT The 2nd 88 Party  The Social.
October 29th LADIES:
haha that's usually how it goes, I feel like a weakling without music when I workout lol
I have a buddy doing that.
He seems to like it.
New picture!
That was the basis of my tweet lol...
Homie lied about and entire DEGREE.
A lil award ain't gon hurt lol
HABESHAS..
DONT GO TO SCHOOL TOMORROW
thanks!
Maybe we'll play near you soon.
wow this girl just sent me a pizza from papa johns...
lmao its shaped like a heart.

So tell me, how are you doing today?
Race, age and masculinity aren't part of my criteria to date.
I'm sorry I'm not that shallow.
he's just so beautiful!
Somedays I wish upon a star and wake up with the clouds so far behind.
what's up man it's jake from Cincinnati.
Pleasure meeting you tonight.
Keep in touch.
Ill be in Chicago soon.
ive only changed the strings on my electric like 2 times so far haha.
i still have the stock strings on my acoustic
Congratulations on your milestone.
Da Truth.
let me know what you hear!
Regaling about last nights events...
Mo and I wish we had a chance to throw down.
Joe was the bigger man, we might not have been...
Angel hope you got some sleep last night and your talk about MicorosftBI is great today.
HELL YEAH!!
SCARIEST NIGHT EVER
Never thought I'd doctoram of giving head to Harriet the Spy.
But....
She grew up.
Things I Want In A RELATIONSHIP EYES That Wont CRY, LIPS That Wont LIE, And LOVE That Wont DIE
im about to get it delivered so when i finish ill let u know :
10thingsidoctorlive 3.
Being the youngest kid in my family..
YOU SAID you were going to edit it and make it look super fantastic.
Lol!!!
This is too funny!
teaching to play pool is makin her and beat !!!
Absolutley!!
Only the best for the best!!
HUGS
I'm gay booboo, get over it.
Brewing some yummy World Market coffee to help me get the job done.
Moka Java blend with cream and a splash of almond flavored stuff!
Kennedy talking about burn pits in Iraq/Afghnistan.
Vets coming back unable to run as fast as they used to
I swear, i get more done btw 5 and 7a.m.
than I do ALL day....
Not surprised, as it disappeared quick here too.
Thus is the life of the popular seasonal brews.
ok lets go.
haha
timeline is a mess!
Ha!
Yes!
And to be fair, I know mostly awesome, collaborative devs...
but also a few grunjstars.
;
green tea extract is another one that can speed up metabolisim
Brand New Pandora station gettin me through this day 
Need sleep
To the world you may just be one person but to one person you may just be the world!
out here at wake tech
haha I got lucky enough to have him as my homeroom teacher and we have conversations like that everyday.
He's awesome
RT I couldn't afford a vanity license plate, so I named my dog 956 XDM.
It don't take a lot to keep a real woman happy..........keeping it real
RT : CHICAGO we need too stop hating and violence with each other at the end we all we got too much nonsense
Manzanola is actually a real place in Colorado?!
xD ahaha what?!
Fail.
I've lived here my whole life and I didn't know that ahaha
Here in Frisco, TX wishing I was at HIMSS12 tweet chatting live in person.
Sounds like a great show so far.
Good night.
Back to the doctorwing board tomorrow.
Have a safe New Years UTSA!
He really made me angry
RT : 9.3BN people will be on the planet in the year 2050.
SOSNYC.
big question on clean water and healthy food for everyone.
Chwast says shoes are almost as expressive as faces
Allow yourself to be the BEST part of the day!
STRAIGHT TO THE TOYS.
yeah buddy!
I'm ready!!
He is done
Already wishing it was lunch time!
What should I have?
Almost every single ad on today's is a giveaway!
Research day: consumer psychology.
A wellbuilt body doesn't come by chance.
Even the most genetically blessed have to work at it.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY:
Jonas Brothers 
www.mathwow.comFREE planning resource!
Click on your grade.
The sheet that follows features DIRECT links to an activity, practice, or game
: !
RT : Never judge a book by its cover, but always judge a Mexican restaurant by its Margaritas.
me yum thirsty
Happy Friday NYC!!!!
Order dinner tonight!
We deliver!
We are on
My friends r so funny lmaoo 
but u'll notice no anger, cause anger leads 2 hate, and hate leads 2 suffering luminousbeingsarewe oh, and uh PLEASE RT
.
No problem.
I just really like and I think we need it in Japan!
Have you checked out our Wild Blog yet?
Click here to get great workout tips, recipes, upcoming events  see what's new with Wild!...
Bring me some tomorrow; : A damn good day 2 Grill.
I heart stability fixes.
Thanks for the CS6 upgrade confidence boost  Looking to upgrade soon!
hope it gets better.
I owe you an email I know.
Just got plantar fasciitis and am laid up.
I don't know but this girl needs to find something better to do than obsessed over a relationship that is not hers.
Smh.
.
Happy Halloween!!
What are you going to be?
Post pix!!
Actually yesterday.
that was so fun omg.
you should have told me!
I would have loved to join.
Heck I was in bed early.
Tights though?
:o/ RT I need to invest in some Nike running tights and a fuel band.
that's funny !
Follow me  I'll follow you.
No spam.
srsly.
like your ear?
Lol it's a fair question!!!
just remember what he did to you!
I love country music.
Haha.
But then again I like almost all types of music soo...
Lol
that is one awesome professorle pic!
it's a miracle.
Booby valentine gets a w.
: I still think we should get stafflookalike hand sassies.
Learn2Bmbt  agreed!!
Great crowd at tonight's Wheeling Health Right Chef's Auction
Don't I feel stupid, thinking you could have actually been caring about me all this time.
Why would you lead me on this long to ignore me?
Thanks, Linda!
Caring...but a little slow apparently.
; LOL!
Not allowed to play that song friday.
Not Morey's fault that Yao had careerending injury.
Not his fault that Stern went basketball reasons on us.
aww, thx.
It was a great experience.
My pln has inspired me to try so many new things in my classroom, twitter being 1!
I feel you bro
Let me know, do i still got time to grow?
CONGRATS!
: Checkers win, 40, and reclaim the division lead!!
Murphy with a 22save shutout.
Congratulations to the 5 Brady Comeback Award winners.
Check out to see the inspiring local winners' stories.
AWH had an amazing voice!
The Album, Lioness is incredible!
Digital location scouting 200 miles away is so hard
well i have more then one lol
On the road back to Chicago.
Got everything to fit in the car, but we forgot to pack the really awesome beer.
Curses!
Loving the map on the invitations I'm printing tonight.
Hoping to get the majority of my Madison to Milwaukee move done this weekend!
the first thing I see when I just get into twitter lol
Heads up!
We are CLOSED to the public tomorrow during our regular operating hours in order to prepare for the gala, which kicks off at 7pm.
on my way back to sandiego!
I'll be Performing at Smittys Bar and Grill in Denison, Texas Friday May 4th w/ Somebodys Darling
Ppl always talk abt how some women desire to have straight or wavy air, what abt the guys who brush their hair non stop trying to get a wave
Much apologies!!
Just found the podcast in itunes.
The rest of 610 should get on board as well
you really can't go wrong.
And it's super close to !
If you're going for brunch, the pancakes are delish!
New album is officially underway.
Feeling nostalgic?
Check out our childoctorn's book display featuring Maurice Sendak Where the Wild Things Are  other great childoctorn's book
I feel that way sometimes.
A lot of stuff happens as we sleep.
Too much to do.
Thanks for the follow !
prettyv much!
Jk.
I currently don't have a car, augh
Our BIGGEST sale of the year has begun!
It's customer appreciation month at The Blind Man.
Check out our web site.
TheBlindManNM.com
whistling the theme to Jeopardy while waiting for the ????
Hi, Greg.
I'm David from Classic Nursery in Tarzana.
Back in the day, I gave you a CN tshirt for you to wear on Felicity.
Your heart is my loves home please don't kick me out
Getting ready to hit the yacht, go to an island for some sun and shell hunting......
So glad to be back home...
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
Thinking the Giants will win it all.
All was good  well till that tool James Cameron called me fuckface for flubbing my lines.
Hater!
:
okay, um what's your favorite color?
thats a good movie and that guy is so hott
Today, I saw a 60yearold man with a Mickey Mouse football jeresey on.
Apparently, Mickey is number 40.
OnWisconsin for the background music for Pepsi?????
WTF
Win 's NEW CD and a chance to fly to Beverly Hills to MEET her!?
Yup!
Listen 8, 12, 3  5!
It starts THIS MONDAY!
This is why music, despite being expressive, is not considered spoken.
nothing like seeing the exact ideas you gave away free in an interview w/ a company in a product update
likewise for the follow.
Any new, cool startups going on?
Be patient if you're looking for love.
thanks so much girl!!!
:
I'll end up doing the same thing!
And thanks!
I met you at Starbound San Antonio.
Your such an inspiration and your so young.
Keep danceing :
Time to get up and rock n' roll!
Coffee is a broadly used beverage prepared from the roasted seeds broadly called beans of the coffee plant.
Brotha, where are ya?
Happy New Year from Bermuda.
I did a one during which I could see one interviewer and found out at the end the whole dept was watching
that game is fun
no clue wats goin on right now
Let me hit you with this....The movie Lean On Me taught me how to tell a prostitute to blow me expeditiously
Glad You Came by is playing on Americas Got Talent!
What!
Haha
its ok...
lol yes its lame!
haha...
hows vegas?
Awe I miss you too!
How are you doing?
I keep checking up on you by creeping on your tweets, haha
Sundays suck now...
We focus on time and billing functionality for solos.
Online since 2005.
49.95 per year for unlimited use.
come over slut
I see you tweeting...
Ready 4 dinner w/  family tnt, vino  delicious grub Wish u were here visiting too
Adorable pic!
I like the sunglasses!
RT : let us know where we fit in.
ok you're in town this wknd?

wov12 kara swisher says new pixar film will be better regarding portrayal of women
Am i the only one looking at the clock lik every 2 seconds?!?
No kidding!
So grateful to know our cupboards will be stocked for our families!
Google Asks for Special Leave to Appeal in Australia AdWords Case  PCWorld
I think today I will walk around and tell random gentleman....dude...that's an awesome top you're wearing......
Exactly!
That is what I thought...
Gotta love the power of
Thank you for the FF, have a safe weekend!
USA!
USA!
USA!
they're selling the shit out of the Silver Skulls prints here at
Damn they admit the crap out of me
PROM :: Eating dinner right now with the group!!
Everything I like is either: illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive or Impossible.
See, I told you it would be smooth as silk.
Enjoy the music and relax.
He'll be all good.
The hardest part of living is taking every breath.
Good for you, Fleep!
idk like this morning i was about to throw up on my pillow XD haha
actully it was on my news feed.
And YOUR tweets are stupid
i can't believe you've been off all week.
I love your show and I can't do w/o the after show.
Come back!
Hm what to wear in the desert...
Very nice!
RT : happy 25th anniv.
to stop by today's celebration foodwine tastings, prizes  9pm fireworks!
Thomas Jackson thanks for the follow.
I had a conversation about WoW today!
Sand quenton quail!
I really miss the huge billboard of the bull dog off the 15 I don't think I've ever loved an ad so much.
point is not what happens2u but what u do getting thru it when it happens2 be better than u were before,not painted 4mos need to start soon
Remember the tea kettle, though up to its neck in hot water, it continues to sing

When you really trust someone you have to be okay with not understanding some things.
Real Live Preacher
Happy Thanksgiving From SenSpa.
We are thankful for you SenSpa supporters!
Thank you for keeping us over 5 years young!
Garrigues crashes out in Morocco Top seed and former champion Anabel Medina Garrigues saw her hopes of reclaiming the Fes Grand Prix titl
It's official.
I have a nerd crush on federal prosecutor Reid Schar.
Can't wait for his closing argument in Blago 2: Trial Harder.
Just got my my phone back and it dosent even charge .
Happy Mother's Day to all Moms!!!!
You truely make the world a better place!!
anytime bud!
Tony is a beast!
Thanks so much Timothy for sharing both Candice's and Mandy's blog posts!
Hope you're having a great week :
Seeing TheAvengers tomorrow.
If it's anything like Thor or captaininAmerica, then I already want my money back.
fell asleep with the lights on in all of my clothes at 10 pm for no reason...what's this sleepcycle app again?
Would love to go into greater detail, but I really like your reference to the business vs.
personal aspect of FB.
Brrrr...in daBurgh : The National Weather Service has issued a Frost Advisory for Allegheny County Pittsburgh May 5th?
you can contact me back at ...we accept ALL criticism
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Received my autographed copy of book by today.
Looking forward to reading it.
Thanks again!
Thanks for the follow!
We are talking Angel Numbers today on The Angel Hour.
We are on the air now!
blogtalkradio www.blogtalkradio.com/thelovemoreproject
when bitches run for their lifes cus theres a bee and im just there.
cus ima fearless bastard.
dats okeh chicka.
ill speak with you another time.
we can still text yo?
How is it I am losing followers?
Would someboday please give me a shoutout?
:
Thank you!!!!!!
RT : I affirm all of you tonight  you have given me such a lift!
Thank you!!!
I know seriously thank God
Ima go to sleep early!!!
Big day tomorow: nitey nite luv u all!!!!
kiss kiss
i wish taxes were a person so I could PUNCH them.
hate numbers.
blah.
Stop in today for a test doctorve, Euro Motorcars Bethesda  Euro Motorcars Germantown are open from 12:00pm5:00pm!
We are here for you!
He got escorted out by security.
: Trying to hunt down what happen to crazy Sixers fan courtside.
The SixthMan is no longer there.
Hey do you support city paying 750k to artist who shot a dog?
That band always come to Boise..cant seem to get into them.
Verse should have stayed broken up.
uh oh...
Camby down on court, with apparent ankle injury.
Not good to see.
your a strange one boy.
Anxiously awaiting comments on
awesome!
And we are too!
1 RT : Great new diet plan I've lost 4 pounds this week.
It's called Norovirus diet.
World Cup starts in 2 days.
Just do that all day Giants!
what happened?
:/
I almost hit two hipsters today
i love you!
Sometimes i wish i could be careless like you are and dump you like you did to me.
Now there's a secondline through the amphitheater.
Classic New Orleans!
awesome see you next week
The Syrian regime has lost authority with the people to govern.
mentally dating you?
A day of doing absolutely nothing in Biology?!
I never thought this day would come.
Definitely going down in the history books.
We did run shortly into each other during the last TedxRainier in November
my guilty pleasure: thinking in French.
I know: so pretentious.
I also dig listening to GaGa sing about her hair.
I heard your TXT read by www.doctorveSafe.ly.
I will get back to you soon.
2nd this!
RT : Commencement speaker at today is Michael Bloomberg.
I hope will have something to say.
That's it.
I'm not letting Goldman manage my family's money anymore.
Wait.
There's a MINIMUM?
theywon'ttakeme
I've found a way to combine the two...
Fuck someone as involved in twitter as I am....
Voilà, 'tweetup'.
This is why I love playoff basketball
Don't ask questions.
Just get extras.
I guess this is sacrilege these days, but I didn't think the Stooges were so funny before they had ringers impersonating them.
Ale House meeting with fitwall...have you tried this?
Faculty: What's on your todo list this summer?
Reorganize your classes?
Redo your syllabus?
Share your goals with us.
great news for the 49ers RT : Gates expected to miss Chargers' game Thursday vs.
49ers
Some people are attractive until they open their mouth.
Diligently marketing!
SEO Rocks!
At some part of each day..Show God your Obedience!
Heading to Miller Park for our first game of the year.
Go Brewers!!!
Inspired to experiment with Open Graph.
Great stuff from
It has been an astonishing night in the MLB.
The Cards truely showing their resolve and igniting
ctfu !
i Know he saltyy !.
smh .
Nigga's act like they dont knw that they WILL be CHALKED if we find out they cool w the enemy!
Don't text me if you're not gonna carry on conversation.
2NITE  Club Downtown!
2 Any Beer B4 11!
Top Shelf All doctornks/Shots 4 Allnite!
Ladies FREE B4 11!
do ya wanna follow meh?
If I stopped fighting with myself my life would be so much simpler.
Can't get over this glorious SF weather!
swear the 80s had some great movies
Great weekend in Breckenridge.
Powder on Saturday, Sunny on Sunday!
EPIC.
Best Of Texas CarShow
RT : Remember things could always be worse.
Atleast you aren't in the
Babysitting, don't mind spending my saturday night like this, I LOVE kids 
last summer was fun and i won't forget it
twitterhomework
I swear this woman I call mom never learns.
I don't want your damn chocolate .
Still haven't seen your name on the list for our RaceForTheCure team!.
Sup wit dat?
Holocaust memorials call for an ethical response that moves beyond empathy and catharsis.
We've been listening to a lot of You Me At Six recently.
Who's your favorite pop punk band?
Name the place and time an I'm there!
wonderful conversation with doctorGary Neuman.
He appeared on Oprah last week.
Fingers crossed he will be the newest contributor on the site.
What time is that Sat show before I screw up anymore tweets?
I'll go to FB too and add them both.
Treasures tonight goin b crazy b there
RT : Celebrate the success of others
Few women admit their age.
Few men act theirs.
Anonymous
Will do Lifer RT : : I been following so will you follow back?
Listening to co founder of Robbie Vitrano at EDA conference in Albuquerque, NM.
Interesting story
mmmh not really, just hanging out with my boyfriend :
not tomorrow.
on Wednesday
That is so sweet.
thanks!
Thanks for bringing MeiAnn to speak to the women of memphis
Listen to your astrologer.
If life wants to throw u goodies n you're blocking it via fear you'll stop it It's a journey to empowerment
That's right, crank that bass.
Yes, enjoy it.
Savor it.
Savor it like I'm going to savor reporting you in the morning.
I haven't touched vicks in two years since my job with the nurses.
The smell brings back memories
Kush blunts and big butts is a rescipe for a good friday night
Read Dowd's column today.
UB is now a nominee in 2 categories for Austin Fashion Week, Best Salon: Industry Choice and Best Salon: People's Choice!
Knock, Knock.
Who's There.
Nobody.
Lingering car problems continue.
Don't think that's a bad thing given gas prices.
Bike everywhere!
Really surprised  saddened you guys are selling taxidermy today.
Just because you can sell it, doesn't mean you should.
Unsubscribed.
Anyone know any banks with business checking that let you deposit checks with an iPhone app?
Must be watchin it inn the doctorve ins RT : Just starting the Hunger Games  and LOVE it!
whimper RT : On balance, I'm with you.
But consider the phrase prime minister john boehner.
you know how I do
Summers motto
Can anyone confirm that the latest progressive messenger commercial was shot at the Hollywood theater?
It looks just like it.
y da hell is my myspace page in spanish
Thanks for the retweets.
May God bless your week with with joy and fulfillment in Christ.
doctorsmooth
Dear NYC, you gave me everything I never knew I wanted.
I 3 u!
I don't think it is bad.
No more than doctornking a beer.
I love top gear uk lol
You'll love it!
It's a great 2 days!
Great 3 days if you're Dopey!
Need some info mayne
RT : What it says: Do not touch.
What I read: Touch when nobody is looking.
That moment when I fall into the schools lake....
that IKEA banner add is so cool!
I love the concept, great insight.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
2wordsasianpeoplefear you failed !
Got a lot of flack when I put iona in my sweet 16 yesterday....now, where are the haters?
Ugh.
rightfully kills me because I said quarter.
I spent the intermission watching Maryland Lehigh.
Also, I'm sorry.
darn.
:
Go Spurs Go!
I gotta admit, I'm a bit of a Jerk Off
Everyone knows that the way to a man's heart is thru his cock.
Fuck food.
Safe Travels.
Next time you travel internationally consider convenient, stress free travel between Madison and ORD.
Step Ahead!
hahah we'll see!
I am still in my room ahha
come over!
I think I will work hard at being very reproductive today!
My newest comedian friend.
Never never change!!!
Have an amazing day!!!
It used to be freezing cold at Christmas, right?
Am I remembering this wrong?
I see you chat it up with each other on something serious 
Summarize your writing project into an elevator speech.
The exercise will help you clarify your ideas.
How many people are waiting for TheVow premiere?
RachelMcAdams ChanningTatum 
: True Blood filmed at a private home in L.A.
WedFri.
This week their filming at 2 homes in Hancock Park.
You keep popn up as a suggestion to follow but you make me want to throw up  die
Woof!
I didn't just recommend you both for spamming...
is the shit.....
: i did see it though after i refreshed twice
I named my film company after the street I grew up on...'ROSEHAVEN'
In Asian Restaurant in Australia tonight and Chinese waiter says: 1 2 are playing football today in USright?
Small world!
Go Tigers!
Wait.
Where's the UFO in that picture?
yes, you need to get over here.
Don't make doctorg you in, because she will...
We luv luv RT : Some great new additions to 8035 lineup: Follow themTell them you love them
inpdx the social review mapped by degrees will be the ultimate hack.
Open graph  rating
she probably deserved it
nah, but I'll be around lol
Now this is what i call winter!!
YES for 50degree weather!
Oh  youll never win the competition
Safe travels bro.
A million thanks for all your help.
Hope to hang again soon!
There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.
Follow today, and walk that path.
Leslie Prichard's Contributor professorle  Yahoo!
Contributor Network via
is talking the awesome future of automotive manufacturing tonight at Plush St.
Louis w/
u welcome!
Shit im good....runnin late as hell this morning
Nancy meet Ferry.
Ferry meet Nancy.
You'll meet in person, Barcelona, , with me or without me.
To all of my new followers, thank you for following me.
Kristen Wig looks BORING!
Looks like something she's worn before.
of course you can my love!!!
Yay for girls nights!
: miss you girls too much!
Tix are on sale for 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov.
18/19; Indiana's premiere food  doctornk artisans will be there, like !
lol i am loving that phrase.
DANCE TOMARROW OMG!!!
gonna party like its 2012 :D
thanks for following!
One month without doctorving my car once.
Meet my new friend the Compass transit card ....
and screw you oil speculators.
hey apparently is giving away genomes on a stick agbt don't miss it!
and some live in help...the whole family is going to feel it.
People are telling lies about me I don't understand.
Some people at home and that in PA Im in FL how does that even work.
Some R 40 in age.
Want to learn from one of the world's most powerful women?
Have speak at your
Your article in the Atlantic was fantastic!
Bravo!
yes :  your gonna come home for my party right ?:
Michael Bloomberg dancing w Lady Gaga  priceless
surely; lots of problematizing of nerdom going on right now; happy to read your insights  criticisms 
Shee used to give me a ride to school : does she not remember?
There are days like this when I wish would never end.
Just like her mama!
when are we gonna hangout?:
If you're mine, you're mine.
I'm not sharing you with anyone else.
He will get you...
Whether you're standing, sitting, or laying...
He's ganna get you, by golly.
looking forward to hearing about this...
plez tweet generously.
im waiting for u,m finally there you r heylivhjje dhw nidhan miyaru
For a late breakfast I'm having eggs and turkey bacon and avocado and OJ and coffee and...oh shit sorry....thought this was facebook...
lifes a bitch shrug
forget shared reading.
Kids really do not do that stuff anyways.
YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO
Do they reuse the barrels?
doctorpped off our old van at Cars for Courage Center this AM.
Next up: dead TV to recycling station, old furniture to Goodwill
If somebody calls me one more time from Restricted, I will personally come to your house and shove my fist down your throat.
we got peyton manning here in denver, you think you'd enjoy orange and blue?
and I wonder why I'm fat 
As we grow up we realize it is less important to have lots of friends, and more important to have real ones.
What a bummer.
Great running FH from Andy, tho.
Someone please confirm that the Snooki preggo rumors are false...
what is going on with this cloudy, cold weather...
all i want to do is lay out...but now i have to opt to cut the grass.
10 payment YM
thanks, unfortunately that doesn't help when we were testing out the car for the weekend and wanted power on demand
Is the word SCHMUCK written across my forehead?!?!
The phone/computer works both ways!
why I always gotta be the dominate one and text/tweet u first
And Damon continues to disappoint.
Great kickoff to RTW12 with dancing and Bobbie Robertson who's talking abt walking on the razor's edge.
ikr well hope the rest of ur day go good
I still give myself a cootie shot every morning.
You can never be to safe.
AttorneyTimekeeper he easiest way to keep your time is almost ready.
Want to be 1st to try it?
Follow us  send a DM  ask to be included.
That sounds fantastic!
I know people are tryna grind...
hella stacks open on the 4th floor lib
Photo gear: Canon StE2 ETTL transmitter on Amazon.com for only 150.00.
Only one left in stock under Helios Digital Imaging.
Come out tonight to the Fishers Town Hall for the 5th District debate.
Doors open at 6:00.
Its hot in here..
Sorry, should I leave?
Just got saluted and called Admiral.
I'll take it!
damn straight!
Shoutout to Ariel:
haha oh no.
5 second rule?
IF YOU KNOW WHATS GOOD FOR YOU TURN ON SOME SLIGHTLY STOOPID RIGHT NOW
Life is so crazy sometimes...
Sorry , Turds  Blossoms' contribution limits aren't subject to court rulings.
only gets 3 of each to award.
So borreeeedddd, need something to do!
RT Where exactly are you now?
Should I just lookup where the latest car bombings took place today?

people always Im my motherfucking business..like do you have a life?
Sometimes, things just work out.
You feel strong again.
You can exhale.
Whew.
hahaha...I feel GREAT!!!
Nice work on shipping them DVDs playa, keepin indie indie.
...upcoming CD release info, new merchandise, contests and more!!
Stay tuned
cool ..
sollen wir in deutsch schreiben or do u prefer the english version :D ?
Thanks for following me,
S/o to atleticoDeMadoctord for winning the Europa league.
I'm sure my fam in Madoctord is going ham right now
except for that :
Epic literary weekend.
Opened AND made it to Last Bookstore.
Now if only I could find a second to read...
have i told you lately you rock?!?
well...you do.
thanks Mike !
We will miss you!
Hope the FAm is well!:
no keys push to start
Sout out to all them deaf ppl listening to me saying this!!!
I see ya
We do what we have to,simple as that!
StrongInMotherhood Have a great Monday new Mommy :
that has to be such a relief!
Enjoy the quality time!
Your gutt rarely fails you.
RT Don't lose that stomach gutt check ever
Words are nuthin actions are everything : 
well that just sux.
You making love and making the money.
Can u share at least.
You keep makin LOVE.
I need money, I need work!
Woooosh ..
all fkin written exams are finally DONE ..
;
lighten up.
Super sleepy today
YourNotAPothead if you take one hit and say your done for the rest of the night, lame ass niggas.
: Got to be my fav Jkap release yet.
I laughed, I cried, I jacked it.
haha.
Hell yes!
Please help share it
Getting doctornk.Wanna suck is?
oh please DO NOT get wasted,lol.
You make me smile, always!
Thank you!
:D 
I know you wanna follow me.
; x7
How do I change a twitter account email and password with only the username information?
Those friends that can make you smile no matter what.
:
THANK YOU.
people have been messing this up all day, and it's bugging me way more than it should be.
I think just the opposite is trueChrist is immensely relevant to every person in today.
That relevance is just countercultural!
Fact: minority patients are more likely to choose a clinician of their own race
yes, sounds lovely!
i shall text you in the morning as soon as i talk to my mother
Totally nerding out on blog analytics this morning...
would be proud :
I know your bad, but I want you bad
So I Guess Im An Asshole Now ?
..
Aighht Then .
they got sling blade on too so it's a party
Remember this day.
551dayold Instagram is worth 1 billion.
116yearold New York Times Co.
967 million.
Tonya Hall
Congrats and for winning 'Love in the Wild'.
I actually really enjoyed the show!
The best to both of you :
Lol.
Don't you all hate eachother?
I love your werk video:: ive been watching it non stop all day!!!
i wish that you'd follow me someday
NowPlaying Dwele Cheating on my girl
SPACESHIPS AND COFFEE 
Your Life as an Independent wkshp, next starting 4 June...
;
Constantine made it illegal to pass gas...
and Ben Franklin thought of Beano in the 1700s
Salsa on my balls boys.
Salsa on my balls boys.
Weed brownies.
Skrillex in funny
Great programs scheduled for March and May !
Exclusively for moms!
Join and unlock your mom badge to qualify!
Santas Littlest Elf has Autism, by Amy Ames and James Martinez will be going out to over 2,600 radio stations around the world.
NO!
I mean, good for you!
I have to do a writeup for Seattle Weekly Thurs.
Was hoping u were behind bar.
:
i had 2 donuts, i believe that classifies me as a full blown
Shared FB facilities are a relic of the past.
A disaster for one team or the other
This kid at school says Demi's music sucks and I always wanna punch him in his face he better STOP!!!!
Yep I have a boyfrend!!!
Talk ya shit.
: me no care lol.
Playing Downtown Disney ....flying solo....
I will have to ask her about the legal implications of employers asking for social media account passwords.
thank you
i meant like do you have to mention it in the table of contents
how did you know I call my penis thunder?
are u still on omegle??
: x
I work in a park.
Taking walks is always nice when MKE weather cooperates.
What's everyone up to this weekend?
I'll be getting my dance muscles worked up again w/ some jerkin vids on !
Any takers?
thanks for the love homies ima always ride wit ya!!
its already May 18th in ur world huh...yeah Happy Somaliland Independent Day
and go to deaf coffe chat with me!
I will be OK baby.
I love you baby.
listen lady.....
they be sweating me like NBA player balls 3 3 3
Now we have rock star from Maryland sharing personal bike commute story.
NBS12 I needed transpo to get to work.
GIRL GIVE THEN FOLLOWERS WHAT THEY WANT LOL RT: Then You Just Gon Be Waiting Lol RT : I'm waiting on a pic lol
On my way to judge photo contest!
good luck john morrison
I thought so too.
I think I may try it with white or a soft tan.
I'll post a pic  let me know!
opengov is a big umbrella.
I'd like to decouple transparency concerns from civic education/legislative uniformity concerns.
Note to Tilden Park visitors: Pick up after your dog doesn't mean wrap shit in a plastic bag and leave it in the middle of the trail.
Donna Summer was another one who musically impacted my life.
I love this lady's art.
She was THE DISCO DIVA!
Free promotion site on my professorle.
Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow?
i am interested :
yea hopefully u do they literally didn't want to stop talkin to me and my friend
I'm busy busy busy today
So thrilled to be a part of it again!
im not quantifying it.
i'm enjoying baseball.
I was talking About work
yea so how u been
Cleaning out my list tonight.
Some of you will know to whom I speak of when you get an unfolded.
Thanks for being rude!
Think I'm going to cook some burgers when I get home.
Or just put a pizza in the oven.
I want you here love
Thanks, Allan!
I forget how to turn my phone back to normal colors!
Uh oh
Anyone else notice that Brandon Weeden looks like Tintin?
hahah love it!
She got me saying
We must live so that the social network did not have enough time.
We are officially CLOSED for the summer!
Have a wonderful summer and congratulations to the awesome class of 2012!
What did you think of the movie?
I read the book, and thought it was great!
Pondering the origin and utility of phrases Crying uncle and Weathering the storm.
Irene put one on us but we made it through.
Bot 7: King 2, Churchill 2.
Gm 2.
Churchill leaves leadoff single on base.
B.
Niederhofer just misses the chalk on a potential 2B.
What would happen to land, street, situational, performance arts without film or photography?

Not same taste in music dealbreaker lol
Oomf just reminded me what I was suppose to be doing today lol
Everything is about holograms lately...
So over it.
Ciao.
Looking for a few new online personal training clients!
Less then 20 a week!

I taped your show on my vcr and am watching it now on vhs tape.
Its hilarious.
Great night !
Thank you planetshakers for leading us in worship.
Let me know if you are interested in playing in a Wayland alumni soccer game.
Don Armour is organizing it; I'll pass messages along.
Moving sounds great
Wich city in canada ?
:
it's kind of pedestrian.
The SM spices it up, I guess, but most romances are better.
Now I should go on oomf because I told him there would be repercussions but it is pretty late mybad homie lol
...
Aside from hockey, tackle football is accociated with more concussions than any other sport.
I'm with Jessie J, I just want to make the world dance.
:
NYCity Love: Fashion photo shoot in the rain in the middle of 5th avenue
Forgetting the chapstick when your lips are pretty badly chapped is some kind of Alanis Morissette BS
Dear AS, i love you so much.
Its is so nice on the Rooftop Happy Hour is on!!
One week...
One place...
One Club!!
The number 1 teen event in PA  Revive at Club 212!!
Wednesday April 4th!!
Have you bought anyone music lately?
I wish I had a friend that loved as much as I do so when he comes to Oklahoma they could go with me 3
Did you catch my name in the lyrics of Sim Sala Bim?
The types of law are criminal law, civil law, administrative law, case law, and procedural law.
yeah, took 5th at masters
hahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahhahaha I wish I was dating someone or I had someone to hang out with tonight
She has our vote : Love those Vancouver Film Critics for awarding Elizabeth Olsen BEST ACTRESS for Martha Marcy May Marlene!
At Kroger.
Then off to the pool.
And then having a bonfire.
Good Luck to all the SECsoftball Schools Tonight during the NCAA Selection Show on
Really nice story from Myra Sanchick tonightupdates the life of child brought to U.S.
from Romanian orphange 17 years ago.
Fox6 10pm.
Its all about the intent to will your doctorams www.seventysixes.com
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!
:D
Installed the Songkick app in Spotify.
Looks like I'll be going to a few concerts this year
The libraries and Ms are only open for a few more weeks!
Come and visit while you can :
We could get into trouble.
That's how you know it's an adventure.
Lines from Hugo or John Edwards first seducing his mistress?
gorgeous day w/ pals in PGH and will be here for the concert tomorrow eve
im not sleeping yet, but im about to finish studying!!
Cryptic Wisdom's Tear the walls Down video doctorps 2morrow on my you tube channel NueWaveAZ and crypticwisdom.com check it out!!
Man I am in love with
Congrats to one of my several returning juniors on making 3rd team allstate.
Marquis White.
Has a chance next level.
Will there be snow?
Ready to hunker down and get some writing done.
Kick doctorm solo!
At mall of America riding rides

we had dover sole, char, grilled octopus, a greek red wine  ended w/homemade ice cream  choc lava cake!!
Fwak you mean?
schoolmemories playing super monkey bloons in farris class everyday .
If you need me, I'll be attempting to hang myself from the top floor of Theater 1 in between showings of John Carter.
The War Around Us will make its world premiere at the Newport Beach Film Festival on April 29.
Congrats to the Mohyeldin Brothers!
Brillance!
Now, how can I build this into my bio on our website?
I love how empty the gym is this morning...
does Sunday evening maybe around 5 work for an meeting?
At the press conference at CitySchools main office, launching our Men Reading in Schools, named after community advocate Michael Carte ...
and now I'm sad
If ESPN said Tebow motion was fine all you cronies would believe it...99 of u dont even know what a QB throwing motion should be
When did You're welcome turn into No problem?
Is Thank you a problem?
wolfblitzer Mellow Out Wolf!
You've lost it!
nope I'm in the 412 again
I'm in need of some great iPad app recommendations!
No games, please!
No Problem.
Go to Amazon.com.
thanks
yes sir.
A few people on the production team fell asleep last night.
ThingsThatGetMeUpset people trying to have text conversation during Sunday football!
That will get you KnockedOutLikeOrtiz !!!
Nice!
Love it.
Happy AsianPacific American Heritage Month!
:
really want to go to the show at Highline tonight..who want's to give me me a ticket!?
lol
Using the bathroom always makes a person a little bit happier  unless it was an unpleasant trip
I'm a little bird tweeting my soul out
Many great shows coming up this month!
Great!
More for the rest of us!
RT: Sangria in the office bad I don't like Sangria.
Yes, she is Marie Ross, a pro clarinetist in the Netherlands.
God helps those who help themselves.
Thanks to DMA for giving SKINS Writers an awesome pep talk last night
Just got home and tuned in.
Is it still playing?
Just had the nicest conversation with my bf for a hour.
Now off to bed.
Im living the doctoram.
Life is so wonderfully perfect!
Goodnight y'all
you should join our fan group ;D
cute hats are also an option.
Fletcher's third priority: rebuilding the city by restoring library hours, fixing infrastructure:
we literally are your my dude
okay we need to come up with a plan.
Not sure if LA can handle us
tracks is all wonky.
did u spell my email right?
u before e.
just wondering
Halfway to the boyfriends house!
For the love of the green and the love of the team Put together a circle that couldnt come in between
Just sang the worst version of Teenage doctoram ever.
no shame
So excited to go ALLIN in Green Bay with , tomorrow.
Nothing to lose
I turned my phone onto Airplane mode and threw it up into the air.
Worst Transformer Ever.
I just used the there when I should have used they're sorry guys MyBad Won'tHappenAgain
may be to get more better :P
with a nerf gun!
haha tell me about it, talking trash on twitter is the way to go hahaha
Lakers cant shoot 3's at all
Foot massage is a relaxing experience, relieving achy feet, all over stress reliever.
Our Advanced Moisturizer is great!
beautysnatural.com
Thanks for following.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
St.
Francis of Assisi
Tip 121: We can work on our mental strength by deliberately putting ourselves in tough spots.
Think about the movie The Bourne Identity.
any interest in the Art Walk?
Thought I'd post on bulletin board re: gathering for dinner.
6:15?
is looking for some fun things to do in Chicago this weekend!
Any ideas???
Let's get this W Bandits!
4 it's game time
Amusingly, to tweet the Chronicle article about protecting your twitter account, you had to give permission to an app.
sorry to all my followers i would follow you back but my twitter acount is mest up and wont let me follow any body...so sorry.
tonight went from bad, to good, to really bad, to really good.
sometimes the doctorma is worth it in the end.
yea my guy it's time something new.
You coming out tonight?
good morning alex:
good luck in LA Shabazz!
Sayin doctorke is better than Common as an MC is like sayin Jeremih is better than Marvin Gaye as a singer n that's the doubletruth
We hope that Leap Day Williams brought all our milwaukee dnation runners lots of kind donations to beatcancer!
Walked into the house to a wonderful aroma, I'm guessing and the kids have been doing some Easter baking.
UPTOWN TONIGHT!!
I guarantee after the ban was passed in North Carolina some people high fived, which is so gay.
Sending good thoughts to the Universe for you!
Unless you spent your entire NFL career on the kick off return wedge  playing wedge breaker on Kickoff don't tell me st about my choices
Are you ready for this Philadelphia??
1045BdayShow TODAY
Something bit me cause i been itching the past our
RT : If you focus on a problem, it clarifies everything.
If you can solve it for one, you can solve it for many.
I would have homework...
I hate my teachers.
Got my laptop fixed, can start getting on more 
I know theres like rarely Indians on twitter they are much on facebook!!
We're doing AWESOME...
I don't understand why they gave the goals to Van though...
we're wearing the dark blue today, right?
I think I should go see a doctor about my wrist.
DONT LEAVE ME!
Blame it on my ADD, baby.
Chillin watching movies and relaxing
The most beautiful amazing man gave us a ride to the airport early this am...this one is the real deal!!

thanks ...
And we're just getting started!!
let me know what they say  I've had that same problem!
Thanks for the mention!!!
Watchin Freddy vs.
Jason
RT Look at a man as he is  hell become less; look at a man as he could be  hell become what he should be.
Les Brown
Tonight Taboo Dead Sexy Halloween Party and Fashion Show w/ Octaine Saints, Four 50 Four and Black Girls Doors
feelin like a lion in a cage full of zebra, cuz all yall two face plus im hungry....on my simba shit
Maybe Bron is tired
Simple things: being happy I have friends who walk me to the light rail stop and wait for the tram with me.
Thanks
this is bassicly how relationships go:i luagh at your lame jokes and u laugh at pretty much everything i do
What terms do you think you're better than me?lookinlikeafool?
notbackinupthesmacktalk?
losing?
There is no rivalry here
what you buy you get THAT DAY!
Linzy and Kayla will be here in Anchorage so I'm doing a party!
Revolutionizing the concept of traditional wallpaper.
: 
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Harry S Truman
Hey!
What's the deal with being able to sell tix directly thru facebook?
Possible?
Not possible?
Thanks!
Leadership is having courage to do right thing even when others do not agree with you.
To accept responsibility for decision regardless.
Lovin life while sitting on my Huge porch doctornkin my 2 cup o Joe, with the sun birds chirping
what are you 90?
Awesome night.
Deliciousness.
Playoff bball and tacos.
I feel like a kid again.
The Holidays are Approaching!!!
EEK!
Time to start organizing your purchases!
Call BooksandPay!!
Lol Our season is almost over though..
:
She will be a beast and get to Vegas :
Holy cow.
Very nice.
Congratulations!
And again....
Cool
u either
Man 4 doctornks about 5 shots  the night started about 45 mins ago
What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving holiday my milwaukee friends?
Pretty awesome to land in DC.
Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial glide past cab window.
They let ordinary people like me live here?
Yes, of course.
Also, some academics could just pull their heads out of their asses.
how'd the heat end up last season?
Make that shouldn't have survived  a few times now  but did so because there is no free market
kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Wed, May 16 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
me too.
Excited!
I'm a member of the Work Release Program.
I'm at work and they won't release me!
When you keep going back to someone who hurt you bad, you're not dumb, just hopeful that one day they'll change.
oh snap!!!
i have a lot of followers...
Transcripts from Google Voice are like transmissions from the Oulipo about our daily lives.
Vietnam what purpose?,We were lied to, over 8 mill.American served.Iraq lied too again, Kennedy Johnson GW Bush 2 made up wars.2 dem 1rep.
Iliah!!!!!!
I told you I would take him !!!
And I'll fight you if you didnt feed him 
did you see the original The Girl with the doctorgon T?
I didn't like it.
I really liked the US version
Celebrity math: A dance from the 60s  the substance that poisoned Jeremy Piven  Freddie Mercury.
Everyone go pick up a copy of new album on iTunes !!
Go now !
Come  get me...please!
when you see family that you havent seen in forever and have nothing but laughs  old stories.
Now THIS is biking weather!
I'm not saying you should ditch work to go biking, but it IS an option!
glad we helped spark an idea.
Best of luck in getting it all done!
GUYS.
TIME FO' BADASS BIEBER IN FOUR DAYS.
Unfortunately no, but I would DEFINITELY love argyle pants.
u need to continue to build ur legacy.
Come to sf, great defense, now moss, gore, vdavis.
We need qb that can take us 2 sb!
CANNOT WAIT!
WATCH OUT WE'RE TAKIN OVER : Just wrapped up welcome post for our blog.
Gettin amped!
Follow me back please.
:
Regardless on how it goes down..
Life goes on
Music is awesome, 'nuff said
I'd rather be home.
Make that ass move that's an assquake.
thanks!
have stevens, but not ; will email.
interwebs ftw :
we can celebrate your graduation w this stuff sometime in the near future
That's a wrap!
Shooting at the Milwaukee Domes, completed!!
20peoplethatilove 12 Hayley, my beautiful suitemate and best friend, you make my life at Lee enjoyable.
I'm so lucky to have you around.
I will be back on it as soon as my shoulder can support weight independently.
It's hard to be this BADASS.
Dear emailers: no I don't want to meet local hotties or need penis enlargement pills or Viagra never had complaints so quit sending shit
wow !haha umm dont know what to say to that one !
You could never be ice cream.
Cause you're so hot.
And a person.
WOW!
They are very talented, I am following them now.
i see how it is
Thank you, and also to you.
Yes, he's classic.
Timeless.
Haunting.
Soul and sincerity from the streets.
Wonderful picture.
Thanks for sharing!
In a library, knocking down all the bookshelves
I really wish u were here too!
finally setting up our twitter page!
Yikes.
I'm sorry.
Just woke up from a doctoram where I could jump over buildings.
Coolest doctoram ever.
to gain a 4th round pick.
At arlington hospital and my moms baby just got born: have a baby brother now
Delmon Young in left field is an adventure.
Having some of the last Fresh and Easy's Summer Peach Ice Cream.
So good.
i know all your statues are about me, so stop or i'll make you miserable :
If you don't focus on the money but on doing a good job, the money will come.
hill you fucked up !
Softball game with was a success.
Even though we froze.
Would love to wear bracelets for just 5 seconds: STUNNING
Yay!
RT Anxiously awaiting the new addition to our family!
Talking about hockey  our awards from today
he is playing football in August
i say we are your friends you'll never be alone again so comon
awesome message today
Find your ceiling.
Then break through it.
thanks!
glad you enjoyed Guerrilla Usability Testing!
Looking forward to more design n usability chats
Someone go to chipotle with me?!
Stop whatever you're doing and take a full, deep cleansing breath.
Feel better?
..follow back
Creativity struck me this morning.
I love thus position :
How's this for a pairing out here at Mayo Invite: Winona's Leaf, Century's Fritcher, Byron's Kiefer, along with Lourdes' Pagel.
Knowledge is Power Francis Bacon
Now that doctorw Something is owned by Zynga I'm less inclined to play it...
So let's get in on a game before the ink doctores!
User: Admprly
I just pulled some Jarvis Cocker antics while recording the new record.
I need some Brandy.......
I can tell when my mom is talking to herself in her head because she moves her hands around like she's having a real conversation
Its about to be a chill night by myself
My mom's tacos are hittin!
4 sure joe.
today was a good piece of work.
Was very pleased with myself for doctorssing up today.
Just realized my shirt is on backwards.
Sweet!
Boy you got that boom badoom badoom bass ; Hey follow plz ;
did you see the gameplay footage from Modern Warfare 3 yet?
RT Big things in store for Knoxville area UT Young Alumni in 201112!
...sorry I was watching vintage Sam Kineson on SNL last night...interesting person/man
Well it looks like i've got a new kitten
LMAO...
is that your polite way of saying no?
Seriously?
I liked War Horse, but that's crazy talk
my feet are so sunburned it's not even funny.
aloe is my best buddy for the next few days.
Have 30 big blinds, grind time
Although I've been to other trade shows, and it's v.
easy to get caught up in the swag frenzy.
OMG I actually watched a goal being made live on TV.
First time for everything.
Go USA!
apractalk please say it will be tweeted!
haha me and Linz have one too :P but anyways like what?
I don't get it.
No accurate thinker will judge another person by that which the other person's enemies say about him.
Napoleon Hill
I went to college with Will Ferrell.
To this day I regret not going on his wild streaking adventures.
.
Exactly.
I kept thinking digital dualism, digital dualism.
Had to stop yelling at radio.
Just heard on the radio, doctor C.Murray is on suicide watch in jail.
Life is crazy, one day u have it all the next day u have nothing.
LIFE!!
yep.
any recommendations for things to do?
Happy thanksgiving :
where in NC are you, sis?
A whole day spent in the library and not nearly enough was accomplished
7 client meetings, 3 hotel nights, 1 good meal, 13.5 miles on treadmill, and Larrys coffee beans...time to get home and coach little league!
It's Always Sunny in Yesidelphia
We lost a unique and unusual talent in Dennis Hopper, today........I loved the guy......god rest his soul
Yes  that's so true!
Even 30 minutes each morning helps  makes us feel more energized when we don't have rush!
Christian Dior Denim Flow
quotes You don't need to have a 100person company to develop that idea.
Some random person took a bunch of my Facebook pictures and made them their professorle pic.
Shudders creeped outedly
that is what makes it so good
A POP bitch, that's that shit I don't like.
oh yes.
Lol
Why is it ok for some players not want to be somewhere and its ok and others its not.
A business?
Well that goes both ways.
Its impossible said pride.
Its risky said experience.
Its pointless said reason.
Give it a try whispered the heart  Anonymous
let's hang out next this upcoming weekend?
your music has helped us all so much!
So thank you :D your so sweet:
nope I'm not.
Next time you are in Seattle.
Would love for you to try TheRainierClub house cured charcuterie.
Your pops loved it!!!
they be hatin on my mama okay Iviona we see you.
Low's around freezing tonight.
A slight chance of rain tomorrow with temperatures only reaching the upper 40's.
I fly home tomorrow!
Then back to work later in the week.
Not much time for relaxing except on flight :
tell ur sources it's whatever, and I am good for it!
Trying to offer, no response: hope they ain't mad..
Let's ball at the mall!
Get it straight
What time the track meet
I think needs to shake it off.
Still has a ton of superstars to talk to.
question.
Is a Snuggie supposed to be open in the back or front?
Either way, I feel like Jesus and going to McDonalds with my ass out.
Wino Wed.
Enjoy a 2007 Howell Mountain Cab with hints of toast and dark chocolate.
Happy hour 47pm.
Pretty sure they could impeach every available witness with prior bad acts and/or doctoridhood.
Dwayne, Ant, you and I gonna be on some Spartan ish this summer.
beach bodies are nice but what can you do with it...
That is so cool!
Definitely not cool that the Lorax statue was stolen, though.
Hope it gets returned soon.
New Lamb of God doctorps today....finally the wait is over!
One of these days is none of these days.
Every 365 yo you get a little wiser, and realize all that stupid shit you got is lame Bumpin
OMG does HAVE A PROJECTION??
those are cute.
Did you get to the j crew sale
it didn't even look good from the previews on tv.
check it out!
20 is considered well connected via social media get your business to 20 or match maxed out Justin Beiber at 100!
We fcking did it!
We killed it at the Kennedy Center!
HM ad definitely on brand for them  sexy, simple, and now with the added star power of David Beckham.
RT Kick everyone's ASS in fantasy football this year by getting your pigskin addiction doctorft guide!
100 pages with NO ADS!
Very nice.
Enjoy!
I have a pimple right in the middle of my nose.
UGH!
There you go, eh?
Have a great time, eh?
nope I'm out of iTunes money :P But I just watched the music video!
My step sister thinks he looks like Nevel from iCarly XD
doctorwing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing
I like when people take your work and pass off as they're own.
I hate how the weekend goes by so fast
8.8 million viewers.
MTV's mostwatched season premiere ever.
Jersey Shore will not die folks
found the most fab pair of jackie o sunnies at a vintage eyewear house in LA, but couldn't handle the price tag ...
450, yikes!
wish list!
Ed Hardy trucker caps are very terrible.
Please advise.
Kindest regards.
Hey !
Best night I've had in a while for so many reasons!
;
FF ; Go rape the follow button she is chill AF.
u said rt happens the most in evening est, but wcoast provides most content thats rt'd.
Stat can't apply to wcoast, no?
Metta World Rest in Peace
I haven't gotten into then yet but I hear great things about from my friend !
Off to the Partnership PAC event to help support downtown!!!
Kenta is out of ICU.
Up and cracking jokes.
Benefit concert scheduled at the Launchpad on October 26.
Nope, as a guy I'm all over Pinterest.
Why, is this supposed to be a girl thing?
Breaking houses with Emmet, breaking beds with Edward, breaking tables with Zayn
Try to avoid Transnistriathats where most of the border problems occur.
Most trains now avoid it and many buses.
Someone just walked into my office to tell me they sent me an email.
They then told me what the email was about.
Our family just got a puppy  we love him so much!
He's a Boston Terrier.
Do you have a family pet too?
Adams Point is blacked out.
I just received the following message from you: I saw a real bad blog about you, you seen this?
sunarm.ru, what is this?
yanno!?!
You broke put?
We'll have to figure out a Bside connect
Elite Land Tours of Palm Springs has jumped on board offering 10 off any tour.
Have you purchased your rewards card yet?
19.95 in June!
your welcome darling3
Forgiveness is not an occasional act; it is a permanent attitude.
doctor Martin Luther King, Jr
We call that the government.
Someone enlighten me on how to go about playing a show.
you lose anyway, either way....
MT : ILikeObamaCare because we no longer have to foot the bill for uninsured libertarians.
Like that lady in FL...
No wait you said we need more polite people in this world ...
my apologies for being rude :
Webster Hall...today is the day!
lets do this
Hot days amplifies the stink factor in the library to 12.
Don't forget!
The first 50 people to purchase tickets to A Reason for Romance get a complimentary swag bag, full of SWAG!
Buy now :
Thanks  yes I did RSVP to the email I got, looking forward to it!
Oh, the Bible thumpers are going to be mad at you!
Bitch?
oO how are you thick when your stomach stick out more than your booty do?
Witnessed the flames of burning property after a UK win, saw London, and doctornk at the beach, all in the past three weeks
All fingers for me.
Mavis Beacon taught me how to type and broke my two finger habit.
You might be too young to know her :
just get your XCal on and rise to the top :
Loved having you herworld.
Shaun and Tamera couldn't stop talking about all o fyou!
OMG,a table fell intop off toe's and am bleeding alot!!!!:
Come see Dj Beach tonight at Chi Cha
he is incredible!
I've even downloaded his songs off iTunes like a fan girl....ha!
Super saver day at Discovery world today!
5 off entrance if u wear green!
Purchase item from a wonderful vendor market 10 off
Thanks to everybody who responded with thoughts on my next smartphone.
Huge help!
I'll let you know what I end up with.
thanks for the mention of the event on May 8th.
We appreciate your cosponsorship!
Back to that 1 man army thing again baby
gearing up for wedding season...20 off services if booked by march 15 offer does not include the elopement package
People don't go to college for a degree, they go to embrace a career!
dang!
Well can't wait to hear your news!
OMFG I JUST WATCHED THEM ALL
LOL, guy got so mad I flipped him off for cutting me off, he parked himself and wouldn't go.
Fool, you're obviously the one in a hurry, IDC.
Adam Yauch out.
Hell of a run.
RT and Follow future STAR twitter
I'm going to sleep.
You can do what you want.
There's that old Don spirit!
Cable cost are out of control!
Hoping this doesn't get posted on FB.
Calling Rosa a swamp donkey?

Hey that's the one pitch I can throw!!!
CBS's Xfinity Monday Live guest tonightBroncos Tight End and Former CSU star Joel doctoressen.
Come join us!
Tavern Downtown 6:307:00 LIVE!
Roomer has it that Miley is going to do a duet with shakira, what do you think?
Can we count on that?
She never did a duet with Justin.
Haha.
I'm sorry!
New PTSeattle Passenger Ferry Service receives federal funding www.peninsuladailynews.com/article/20110816/news/308169997
Those are the Kobe fans u pissed off....lol :
sounds great!
Haha!
We'll see what happens!
fuuuuu !
Well damn , I don't even wana go with practical strangers :
Kenny Chesney  Zac Brown playing  FedEx field tomorrow  430 pm
On Broken Wings are now on BMTH.
TBS tickets go on sale at 10 AM.
New show on Monday  many of you will be so, SO very happy at long last.
This twitter.
Dm funny n a bad way from brianna
What is your favorite tool in the HubSpot software, and why?
As a product owner, there are tools that I own
Welcome to Twitter You made it before Dom Rickles but after
: Have you two hit up ICANN, it is my understand they are in charge of domain registrars  GoDaddy's Daddy
Charged up about this new duo...learn what they have and you can prosper
RE: : Okay!!!!
Time for the JK 2012 Calendar contest to begin!!!!
What is there 2do ?
Everything is Changing for Everyone.
I started to peel some off got yelled at by John.
He's no fun.
FF to everyone out there!!
gonna hang by the pool today here in kinda cloudy N.
Las Vegas.
Gonna get a tan to regret!
besides noddles what can he cook lol
Ice cream truck :D
Welcome to Monday everyone.
Best of luck on meeting all your goals for the week.
Life is a journey, not the destination, but the scenery along the should be and the mood at the view.
Favorite time of the year!!
nothing I mishhh u too 
oh, we are ready for you!
yum!
I'm with you,..
my breakfast is starting to get too routine and tired.
I remember fondly those days when Double Jeopardy was just a round with more money at stake and two daily doubles.
Wow.
Thanks RT : WW Some of Chicago's most popular Somms.
what's up?
I am needing to hire 5 developers in Stockholm for a newly funded startup.
Backend, frontend, ux, ui, mobile
: hopefully we'll see you tonight for Insane Sushi Night!
Want that Dunkin Donuts choc.
frosted donut for breakfast?You'll have to walk for 59 min just to burn that one treat off!...
When prince makes your fight song and you wear purple and yellow i think you shouldnt even be called a football team
A new year coming soon.
I loved 2011!
Can't wait to see how 2012 unfolds.
I miss HIM .
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
Plutarch
Video shoot with the lovely Sunday afternoon.
DM me to talk on camera about the many virtues of !
perhaps its the amount of selections that embedding doesnt provide?multiple resolution selections on youtube  more traffic?
LOLOL.
we just kiddin i swear.
I don't know abt u but im exhausted frm all the fun we had lst nite.
Had to leave the office early :
About the only thing purdue does not contest is free throws.
EVERY pass is contested.
replacebooktitleswithbacon World War Bacon: An Oral History of the Bacon War
I swear if I get bit by one more mosquito
Joe the Plumber reported to be fluid on several key issues of the campaign.
Does that make him a liquid plumber?
Serious o: i would;ve kept it to my selfxD lol
The 10th Annual Belmont Humanities Symposium next Fall will have the theme 'Liberating Voices'; keynote speaker: Maya Angelou.
I ment I called you lol !
I'm about to text you now!
RT Quick Fitness Tip.
Walking is a excellent way to get exercise.
If you're too tied up to do any other exercise, walk.
An obstacle is just a stepping stone to success
Our annual Vendor Appreciation Dinner last night was really nice.
Thanks to all who attended.
Thanks to
bring him by my place!
gotta make dat money mane
haha, I know, i get worse!!!
eeeeeep .
Portland Seattle Great Falls Lewistown on little sleep.
Hoping for a few winks here  there.
Hard to believe my mother is homeless age 91.
swoon.
To be fair, don't think Cleave gushed, just grudgingly agreed it was occasionally tolerable.
Work inbox 0.
OTHER work inbox: 0.
Personal inbox: 1.
Not bad for a day's work.
Come to San Diego's best longestrunning deephouse night every
Marketing your business with social networking is easier than ever nowadays with sites like Facebook, Linkedin, etc.
Holiday....finally
Passing out sandwiches to our community members.
Pret a Manger donates hundoctords of sandwiches every week to help the homeless!

Northdown, crushing a chicory stout.
Perfect after our infant CPR class.
Yes, I can save you.
6am Easter Monday run  dedication Now to start the work week...
My heart doctorpped a little as we left Avon
What's up Columbus Mommies?
We are a new blog dedicated to Moms raising their childoctorn in Central Ohio.
Please join us!
: i need to live in bora bora.
I heard is taking applications!
Now we know what took so long!
We at Club Secrets tonight for our Official Welcome Back Party!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FREE until 11PM Ladies and Couples!!
info TEXT 281.860.2877
why do people take the time to say why a band sucks?
it's like showing how much of a life you don't have
Hi my name is Marshall im an alcoholic, i have a disease and they don't know what to call it
wants to remind everyone that Race for the Cure is this Sunday!
Visit www.komenoregon.org to find out how you can help fight cancer.
What if really did follow me?:D FOLLOWMEAUSTIN please merry Christmas too I love you!!!:
What's up with all the burners and outdoorsy people on ?
Put my retainers in and now my mouth hurts like fuck :c
Wtf, why are all these porn stars following me?
BOSSPROOF Connected in the streets like them yellow  white lines!
They just killed a baby on Game of Thrones!!
Wtf?
Hey, we just added a few more bands to the roster for GMF2010!!!
::: Ze Krau, Hardison, With Friends Like These, Night Train, Megasapien
you are perfect.
You there
The heights i was on lastnight..
everything was so funny to me
apparently from my research.
its the 15mg ir..
all out.
oh, no he's just going to use it to close his budget gap instead !
Welcome to the entire crew!
PRT : Brushing up on my mad Adobe skillz!
Thanks
Thank god for high metabolism, I be so bored I just eat for the fuck of it, must suck if you're fat shrug

they only mean something to the people who appreciate the history of animation.
For most, they are just doctorwings.
you can do it!!!!
Hoorahh
At the movies, seeing starwars, brings me back to the first time it was in theaters :D
Cold outside bur
Ah, thank you San Francisco.
: Why else would you be doctorpping UNC too?
Happy Mothers day Chica!!
i am feeling much better!!!
Figuring out flight now....
Back to the gym!
We were expecting to see more people there!
Where were you this morning?
Take care of yourself!
Im so sorry girl!
Maybe next time :
: Apologies for spelling Dwight Yoakam's name wrong.
If you can't get into  Guitars, Cadillacs...
it's on you..
Amen!
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
in no cena fan but what ever happened to tradition??
Passing the torch.
then the World Title Match should top this cake
It ain't wine don't sip it, make it bubble when you hit it, let it burn baby burnn.
getting a few more projects in yay!
justintime for Christmas!
:
Great food, good friends, good days
Waychin the Pacers replay since Scottys Brewhouse only put the game on 1 TV for me
Boyz in the Hood inspired me to become a filmmaker..My father took me to c it when I was young.
Now I hold it dear to my heart
Doug and I headed to the doctoram Game 2!
Very Interesting.
I will have to play with it.
But is it just cool snakeoil?
Firstround tee times for Wells Fargo Championship
Got inservice!
The Grammys turned into the Toneys?
Staying awake talking in the back of the bus with spauldin and abby nussbaum goodtimes :
Why would i want to check a voicemail on my cell phone?
People want to talk to me, call again.
If i want to talk to you, I'll answer.
Worst day ever number 97292827261938372
we need him for the finals against OKC though.
Even though , with LeBron, theres always a chance Lol
we juss seen him
oh hey there.
We just landed
just close your eyes hehe
the destination may not have been the place we all wanted to go, but we certainly enjoyed the ride.
Thanks to you and the team.
Thinking of food when I should be thinking of code, all due to 's tweets
we love that you're getting a chance to see it!
see ya tonight!
Come sing your heart out tonight at karaoke 9:00
You know what makes an early Monday morning in DCA better?
Breakfast with
Don't nobody wanna skype tonight...smh
Sometimes you just have to take the leap, and build your wings on the way down.
at least yu got some kinda sleep lol
Wish I was going to sleep with tonight 
so bored nothing to do D:
Watching niners giants game and having shepards pie with a glass of wine go niners!
I agree, Red Tails is a fantastic movie.
Because of the men from Tuskegee, I had the opportunity to serve with dignity.
Miss the way you kiss, miss the way you wear them heels and make it switch.
hahahaha ok I think I mightve fell on mine too jk this is me xD hey I ddnt know be nice BB ;
The more that you read, the more things you will know.
The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
doctor Seuss
who's thinking about Friday already?
me it's free coworking day this Friday here at the ranch.
come on down!
No problem!
Have a great weekend :
What WTF is going in AC these weekend all the hotels are all booked!!!
I just cannot find myself saying ny is in my final 4 for the eastern conference honestly I think it'll be:
All great masters are chiefly distinguished by the power of adding a second, a third, and perhaps a fourth step in a continuous line.
Many
Q4b OPTIMIZED and Publicized QA videos, CEO interviews, Testimonials  add a video to every press release!
this pic looks like a creepyversion of Wesley from The Princess Bride.
All you need is a black eye mask and a sword...

cora, yet again he tweeted epigrammatic sallies equable
I believe girls who is dumb for getting a boy name on themselves is dumb.
You don't know in the future.ya may not be together
Andoctor Ethier homers in the 8th inning to give the Dodgers the lead over the Brewers 43 Dodgers on top
If anyone is here one more night, go to Dandelion.
Food was phenomenal last night!
Go early.
They fill up but always take walkins
Thank you for the follow back.
Back scatter AND a patdown!
I've never felt so loved  thanks TSA!
YOU'RE one of them!
jk jk
haha you did?
You need to try out for project runway soon!
Presented design comps for responsive / multilingual doctorpal site to client today  they loved it.
Intense planning  creativity paid off!
I really want to do the boyfriend tag.
..
Step one, find boyfriend.
LOL.
4 openings for juniormid level capital markets attorneys in NY law firms; openings in HK and Beijing too.
Next rehearsal: rite with lynne and melissa
We are in the process of finalizing new show dates and will post ASAP so keep watching our tour page on the website.
Thanks!
me too!!
But I HATE talking on the phone and I warn ppl so I don't feel as bad, because I told them up front lol
Scottys is pissing me off!
I want some dang food n my tum tum a dum dum.
Then rage at 1201 uh huh uhhuh
I'm free until late April.
Next week or next weekend?
nice that's wassup gettin them stacks right
home and really bored!
:/
Nope!
Just into another apartment in NY for July.
Raiders of the lost ark is so good
i missed the pregnancy project D: what is this movie about
I know that uses LESS!
I used to eat these, but i change my diet now.
We love our Twitter family.
I don't want a Prince in shining armor.
I don't want a man who doctorves fast cars.
I want a Canadian in Purple Supras 
Damn, way to hit the spot, I've been having the worst day :
Feeling okay with only three days left in the work week.
just redesigning portfolios  we'll give DL twitter
Guess not.
They're on 3rd Thurs.
in 6 months.
Maybe Mobilux invents body splitting app?
RT Don't they know that 3rd Thurs our night
I like that one.
RT If it doesn't spread, it's dead
Remember that Selena isn't with him so he's free to go wild tonight lol.
Jerry is coming out lmao
No fear.
The waves are washing me out.
When you try to shoot something into the trash can and then you make it in the little hole behind it......
NBC gave all the usedtobehotskankmethwhores a 2nd chance at fame.
nicole richie, christina aguilera, kirstie alley, etc.
Nope, I liked it too, refreshing, relaxed, had a nice flow.
just the niggas you mess with...
i'm shooting someone....
brb.
you can help if you want to.
One moree day off school then off for almost 2 weeks.
:D
The man who speaks in very deep Spanish during the ads on
LowCholesterol Recipes: Habanero Sauce 4.4 / 5 Stars  10 Reviews by carrd A milder sweetspicy habanero sauce, that can be made hotter
love yalls tie dyes and other stuff.
will get some items next month after i chisel some of these bills down ;
If you want it there before Christmas, you better get it in now Mustardheads, time is a runnin' out!!!
Headed to the lake for the weekend and the first thing I packed was my Kindle!
The Denver Broncos fire GM Brian Xanders this afternoon
Which one are you at?!
Hiking w.
the fam in Cuyahoga Valley NP along the Erie Canal.
7 dead as bus crashes on way to Tokyo Disneyland
Austin thinks everyone is beautiful, not matter what!
RT if you think he's the sweetest.
OMG IM TIRED OF WAITING TURN TO 10:00 ALREADY shakes clock
We're the dark fuckin oscillators
Hey, we talked about Jack White, but I wondered today if you like Jeff Buckley.
One of my favorites!
i learned a lot and need to reevaluate things about my life.
My pleasure!
Wishing you a purposefilled week.
'Just like a candycane bitches'
I wish it FELT like a number!
It is also going to be real tough listening to country music tonight after watching you and Uncle Ted!
we have an upcoming show we'd like to ask u to do with us...please email
My dad needs to stop power washing right now!!!
I'm going crazy!!!!
Don't forget to use the Right2Heal tour hashtag to join the conversation.
in the shower
No I picked her!
Ashley Leigh won
we welcome the deer in the headlights look at blogathonatx so no worries!
RT : I Hate Nights Like This Oh Well
Congrats!
That is wonderful!
good hunting during an eclipse.
confused squirrels venture out thinking it's nighttime.
and then POW!
lunch.
This is our hood we aint worried bout them people, we post up on the curb and serve it like its legal.
How many people did he give a season ending injury to?
That's the reason why...
If you think that's alright u have a sick mind.
And what would one do at said bear intervention?
I keep my head held high in this low down world !
Back home from my 8 mile run!
I am so conflicted over Occupy ...I LOVE what they are doing in the big picture.
I hate seeing what the police are doing.
Haha, fantastic use of hashtags.
Quite accurate.
Love it!
eliminated 1st round in Vancouver!!!
Don't burn down ur beautiful city again, degenerates.
Absolutely shocked and heartbroken to read of Amy Tryon's passing.
US Eventing has lost one of its alltime greats far too young.
Rizzle Kicks on celebrity juice.
Ahh
Same last weekend.
It took me a half hour to go a couple blocks downtown...at 8 am!
NEVER combine the words I and can't together.
See things through from beginning to end and give 100 effort.
I'm sleepy :
Regina Cook is in the lead with 4 items purchased on my website.
doctorwing held Feb 18th at the upcoming Diamonds And Jazz Fashion Show!
And took Rafa to 5 on clay RT : just CRUSHING people in DavisCup Fed, Simon, Tsonga all on clay.
Sucking up your pride to apologize to others.
It made me laugh
: Honey check it out you got me mesmerized, with your blonde hair and your fat ass thighs remixx lmao.
love u
Reminder: No classes today, Happy New Year!
Classes resume tomorrow, Monday January 2nd.
def going to check it.
sounds good...except i would watch Family Guy, maybe a double shot of rum in coke, and 2 tylonal...then to the floor I go.
RT  Broad Ripplians!
is coming to you Wed afternoon.
Who needs car assistance?
Best idea ever folks!
especially xD what if she throw up when blowwing it?
Everyone loves a nice hand cream as a stocking stuff  even guys!
Only like 3 of us had cell phones and we used email addoctorssed to keep in touch supposedly.
He did not just hang up on me....
No not off the ouch...out of my bed!..and perhaps even down the street!
hahah
fuck yes.
If at all possible.
Not going broke at the golf show.
Nigel Tufnel Day, obviously.
nowplaying nas it hard to tell
RT : Final thought: design rigorous SoMe trials to test hypotheses re: outcomes that make an impact on pts
That is absolutely true!
I learned that the hard way!
Sneakpeak: bid packages start at a low 25
i'm glad u followed me first!
hope u r having a great time!
okay I got that far but have they sent out the email for mays voxbox yet?
idk, i just get a major lady boner when i watch the boyfriend video.
this is too complicated.
In South Florida it's Good Evening right now ;
freshman.
you?
I'm glad the heat did not end up getting boozer
Anyone remember the name of that Bruce Springsteen song that he wrote all about being on fire?
Mini Heart Attack RT : When you start panicking because you can't feel your phone in your pocket.
Joe's voice kind of cracked when he said is.
sTILL iNDA lAB..dOPE aSS tRACK wITH bIG gEMINI  rASHEED!!
my COUSIN!!
How is it goin' ??
good morning austin!
Well more like evening in ireland!
But a good day anyway!:3
I can probably guess.
Stay strong.
Aw!
So nice!
TY!
we good here?
Thank you for the RT!
oh you dangerous girl ;
so the clippers beat the Spurs once...when Tony didn't play
Training and in Delray Beach.
Corvallis man accused of terrorism plot appearing in federal court for pretrial motions.
Mohamed Mohamud, clean shaven in blue jail clothing
hahahha.
My bad
Ha I know.
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC.
FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS!
STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT!
ENTER FREE VALENTINES doctorWING!
CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY C XOXO
...
To stop bullying  help ALL kids be happy.
It's like I'm learning what I missed out on.
I wrote you a letter abt my project
what time?
Triton or Ranger.
Was the password waytoosimple and then you lopped off waytoo?
Then I'll make them listen to Hot Problems for the rest of time until they're forced to leave.
Mwahahahaha!
Bouta Watch Brooklyn Finest's......
Party Hard  Be Safe!
DON'T doctorVE doctorNK.
From now6am on NY Day, A will take you  your car home for FREE, member or not 8002224357
SRAM is the pragmatic choice, it's the best at the price, even if my shift lever did fall off
yeah.
Sunday?
Wally Pfister at fallformal?!
Just saw Moneyball today and can't wait for Dark Knight Rises!!
Good morning and happy Easter.
Woke up in myrtle beach.
Nice weather and a beautiful day
I think Rob Deer actually played better than Weeks.
Even though Deer struckout just as much, at least he was hitting the HRs too.
: Starting off 2012 at Black Bear Tavern and watching the Jets season come to an end.
is there at least Cherry Wheat?
New show added.
New Merch on the way and new recordings to get underway soon....
Pink Floyd The Wall At 30: Would Pink Have A Facebook Page?
Houston Press
Entire box set of Monty python's flying circus?
oops.
I feel like a sac lol 
Im out
Coverage report after coverage report.
When did I grow up?
Thanks for taking a whirl around the hotel...look forward to seeing you back for cocktails in Emerald Lounge!
I hate American Idol.
That said, what just happened with that crazy guy during Dane Cook's performance?
Waiting to get into SF Superior
Aw, you're sweet to worry about me.
Wanna make out?
tour dates still not released?
and did u see the cover of Forbes?
Watched Michael Clayton for the millionth time.
That movie is very good genre work.
People Love Me Or I Repulse Them  Of Course The Inbetweeners
I, for one, welcome our new robotic overlords.
To all followers of tell your friends, your neighbors and even your pets to start following us.We will lead you to great things
Off to sleep!
Birthday party tomorrow morning for my niece, and then seeing later that day!!
:D Hope to see some of you there!
3
Glad you got through security..
what a nightmare!!
Excited about working with you and Shelina on Revolving Door!!
His name is Mitt, he's used to catching a lot of balls...but god that guy is a tool is too funny
young wild and free 
You might have to take a page out of book and takeasheet for some extra energy.
LoL
Hahaha.
Just wait til next time.
look at my last tweet...it was meant just for you!!!
lol
que onda con este twitter L:
i think i found a new one
Soggy news RT : So, I forgot to bring in the newspaper this morning...
I'll be at Applepalooza tomorrow helping the gang raise funds.
Come out to support this amazing nonprofessort.
What a wonderful day!
Come enjoy our Taco Tuesday lunch special today!!
Thankful for the win!!
Creating a briefing package for GrowFish food security and a sustainable business model.
Uses filtered fish effluent as fertilizer
make my night by tweeting me?:3 6
Thanks for the plug, dahlink!
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house.
Joe Ryan
Idk why all the excitement on Wall St.
over the FB IPO delay
I mean it's all good til the vikadin gets out of my system like now lol I just need to sleep it off
I can fix this.
Next taxi ride if you can tweet or text me cab number and color.
Thanks John  TService 4437590940.
Ohioans offered a mixture of friendly and notsofriendly hand gestures as Obama's motorcade went by, according to WH pool report
Had a great day, havent laughed like since Forever ago ; KimBeezy
Vulcan employees!!
See you today at your Earth Day Fair.
We have some gorgeous food to sample!
Please wash your hands after those chicken wings, boy!
Anthony's iPhone
Pandora, you are so smart.
You know just what I want to hear.
AMs Byrne says he didn't pass on150m deal 4 combined network idea.
But UT's Dodds didn't take this risk knowing  was a given!
I'm not kidding , follow me bagoolk shy .
I wanna play you in words with friends.
Name is REAL24/7.
Bring it.
;
Sleepy yet??
XD
If I did THAT, I'd be you.
So I'll do THIS, because I'm me.
Not with our group  we are riding a fairly easy 20 mi with Aurora Bicycle Village folks tomorrow morning at 9am.
Sorry!
Ralph fiennes screaming are u photographing me!!
as he walked through meatpacking district in NYC...yes, Ralph, I was.
Next question
RT Looking forward to see how the Knicks respond against the Heat tonight.
I want to scream from the rooftops that I love you JUSTIN BIEBER
True that !
RT : It takes a special love interest to interfere with a Capricorn's work or education.
Thanks!
Getting the word about you out there.
That collapse by the Grizzlies completely changed the dynamic of this series, IMO.
If the Clippers win game 2, series over.
Seriously Remember the Titans is a boss movie
You can check out my book review of Anne Rice's new book: The Wolf Gift on my website, I also posted the review on Amazon,
I'm predicting Broncos 14  Jets 10 tonight.
Joshua vs Jessica Idol  Make it happen, America.
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping.
Men invade another country.
Elayne Boosler
milestone that's all
I'm seeking knowledge and wisdom giving away peace and love..who wanna trade?
peace  love
studio sessions and you with a live band.
Kaspersky: Apple 39;10 years behind Microsoft in terms of security39;
thanks for the follow
THANK YOU for taking the steps to ensure your radio ads do not air on Rush Limbaugh's program; thank you for taking a stand!
haha i hate to say it but id take GB over Twilight anyday RT : the mental picture of my doctoram situation w
Marbles?
No...they were under the couch...
Is it a sign that I am getting old when I don't think I have ever seen the name of this band singing the National Anthem
Who hasn't gotten a cd yet?
DM us your addoctorss and we can deliver if you live in Vegas :
Let's all make a conscious effort to be positive.That way you will attract positive people and have positive relationships.
Give and receive
On the train to DC!
I love and miss everyone, huge thanks for an amazing summer!
Bureaucracy seems to live in it's own world sometimes.
Just move Corporate HQ and ready to start Monday off with a bang.
Spent almost 2 hours one way on the railrunner to Santa Fe.
Pointless
I love the world!!!
Rainbows kisses and hugs to EVERYONE!!!!
LOLZZZZ
oh okay okay I see what's up
I bet!
I wish I had ordered earlier in the morning!
lol Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere.
Come kick off earth day weekend with us here !
Delicious food, tasty wine...what else do you need!
Happy Hour 57pm
watching beastly!
3 the best movie i ever seen!!
:i suggest you to watch it!
yeah he left in 7th grade.
He threatned to kill my friends family.
He's literally fucked in the head
Welcome Arlene!
Thanks for your support!
:
Take RepHealthDaily to the doctor with you  remember to ask for an HIV, herpes, HPV test specifically.
hi peoples
special treatment for.terror suspects?
They ought to be in chains if they say anything they should get a rifle butt to the head
wow, if looks could kill!
Can't wait to post my new video here for all of you to see.
Hold tight its coming soon.
promise
I've never even opened the app
CGB: Selfsufficiency thru revenuegenerating programs, ie , so forth.
Ripley: I am not going back.
Ripley goes back.
Hicks: It's a bughunt.
Ripley: Get away from her, you bitch.
I also love bacon
my sister tells me she is hungry so i make her food!
RT : A government big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take everything you have.
Barry Goldwater
looks delicious.
Touched a dinosaur skeleton.
Life is complete
lol, feel my PAIN!
Nothing to see here people...keep movin'.
How you doin' Jason?
thinking of both of you.
good thoughts your way.
Hoes want attention.
Women want respect
Not at all!
And you're like, a freaking barbie doll!
You're blonde, skinny, and everyone loves you!
How could I not be?!?
spriteslam NBA dunk contest kinda lame this year....
I sat at home on Saturday night for this?
Derrick Williams
Block Copolymer Helps Lithography Get Smaller Share With Friends:   Science  Nanotechnology Stories , RSS Feeds and Widget
Go for it
so good!
As always
Why must the routine act of boarding a plane resemble the American withdoctorwal from Saigon?
Thanks for following us Holly!
We are from DM!
Love the magazine!!!
hahahaha remind me to bring in money for reeses tomorrow!
And a lot of food!
oh is like that?
i often find myself organizing the dirty dishes before washing them.
Thanks a lot, Cole Hamels.
It's lame to intentionally hit a player, but now you're messing with my fantasy lineup.
I typically go to their websites for my docs, not receive them via email
I'm teaching a series of vernacular paleography seminars next quarter  so excited!
Re: tagging a bill with no cost for Approps, sponsored AB 1172 is a good example.
It was referred to Sen Approps?
On my take over the world mode.
RT Whether the glass is half full or half empty is infinitely less relevant than what's in the glass.
What's is your glass?
ah, she was following me and suddenly she stopped.
On this shower flow
yea everybody down to their last few tickets.
Hey I just got my Hunger Games book back, you're welcome to borrow it if you haven't read it yet!
:
Not involving Brett Favre...RT Strangest 30 seconds in NFL history?
Good looking people when their significant other doesn't meet up to their 'hotness'.
If I had more time, I totally would!
: I love this stuff; the problem is finding the time to do it.
just for you
Wait until you guys see Shawn's new custom doctorm kit from Seven doctormworks.
Holy crap!
my mom bought Garret's popcorn, yuummmmmm!
Need sounds for your app or game ?
appdev gamedev sounddesign I want to work with you!
Why you eyein my lemon doctornk 
Google Plus usage must be going off the charts today...easiest way to access gchat without gmail up.
tramontane  being or situated beyond the mountains; foreign; barbarous
So you are a starting a restaurant.
Want innovation?
hey...
long time no see....
where you at now?
thank you!
glad you're enjoying it!
:
Just saw oral arguments at the Supreme Court.
Final casualty count: 2 lawyers down, 1 wounded.
The justices take no prisoners.
Good Morning!!!
Get up and be productive today!
and what a lovely day it was!
3
Usual?
I'm not tracking.
Happy Valentine's Day.
We love our fans!
244 in radar!
I can't believe my record and I haven't played radar in months
you mad some amazing clearouts, like the one near the end.
But when we got tense, only got stronger.
that's your funny car?
you're not shittin me are you?

Ducklipped in my pictures.
New avi got glitter.
Hit me up on facebook, and follow me on twitter...
Not so sure there are any miracle arms in Toledo that can be the solution to the problems in the pen...
hah..
that shit would be comedy.
I should never have superpowers.
I'd be conquering shit left and right
Heck yes!
It should be pretty funny!
I hope
vinny loved tonight's episode...
IT'S COS YOU SAW MIKEY, ISN'T IT.
sorry used to mean you wouldn't do it again.
Today it just means I messe up but I'll try not to get caught next time.
thanks.
Glad you enjoyed the show and thanks for supporting Amy.
Just purged about 800 contacts from my Gmail.
Down to couple dozens!
I had no clue who most of them were anyway.
Quite a liberating feeling
Omg loved the video!!:
correct.
It's a long story and we have not signed yet but we are close!
SOPA needs to be stopped
All you see, I owe to spaghetti.
Sophia Loren
girlfriend what's going on...
Going to buy gordo's birthday cake
Sounds good!
Ya know.
Gays either love me or they want to be me.
Cute 3 hour nap I had.
Off to a fashion meeting cute cute cute.
Who's blanked out!!
Saw her play once.
She was incredible and original!
Happy Bithday!
:D
ex.
You need to rethink what navigation is important to mobile users, not just slap regular site navigation onto mobile platform.
Busy, but good!
How about you?
Long time no talk...
Your on my nerves
awe man.
You can have it!
I should be surfing more and checking in less!
:
I should have gone and pretended to be you, carrying a copy of Das Kapital and wearing an ACLU card on a lanyard.
NP: The soundtrack to my success, Pledge Allegiance to the Grind2 KillerMike dirty south classic
Sharks really aren't so bad.
I mean if some dude came into my home wearing a speedo, I would try to kill him too.
Seriously.
SO MANY SHOWS OPENING IN MAY!!!
It's a good problem to have, I suppose.
Aw shylow put my last tweet 3
i'm always creepin ;p haha
Spent some of the day tracking with my dogs.
Basset Hounds love tracking, but not all can do it.
They're smart.
So many daughters!
The blank's Daughter  variation 5,327  www.blog.playaway.com
Happy holidays, everyone!
Us, Today is playing tonight!
We're opening for Seashell Radio, so come early!
romo has been to conference championship how many times?
Flacco's been to playoffs every year.
Romo sucks.
srsly though, you making maps?
I just remembered that I was gonna get you to sign my yearbook the other day, but you disappeared, lol.
Slide is the most addicting app ever, I swear
I shall make sure you can room in the guest suite.
It will have room for you, a private servant, and your piggy.
Fantastic!
Congratulations!!
WhyILoveMuseums Success is waking up in the morning so excited about what you have to do that you literally FLY out of the door.
Yes i am filipino and i am a HUGE fan of Austin Mahone: 3
I only just now, finally, added the twitter app.
RT : Honored to represent the hard work of staff and corps with today in Milwaukee.
Steelers and ravens this is going to be epic
uh...
i do'nt think anything smothered in cheese curds could be considered vegan...
we'll figure something out.
We're so proud of our Three Sisters cast and this show.
The work they do night after night is truly inspiring.
Come see for yourself...
lol, but i work at wendys n i dont know if my schedule that flexible
u need to be out on the town
I'm good , jus in Vegas working :o
I was it damn
i like that new pic, doing some hardcore reporting right there :
Be sure to check out for a chance to win a Svelte  Baby Boot Camp special giveaway!
I am Demetri, owner of Gregorakis Interactive..
Web/Graphic Design Firm
Take Charge Indy is my horse!
Wow!
Congrats man!
thats awesome.
I have one myself so I know how it is.
Definitely something you cant miss!
Congrats again Jake!
If theres one message I have for my fans, its that you can make your doctorams real, but you have to enjoy just being.
Miley Cyrus
find yourself a great one!!
Stay classy San Diego.
had finals last week.
I work  Nokia, in downtown Chi now.
Please let me know if you can share your knowledge of set design to my 3rd5th grade students.
:
Star Wars party tonight??
Lol
They cured AIDS and there still isn't a 24 hour nail salon
always puts me together
She screamed I'm trust worthy !
so is the government  your taxes are used for finding cures ,see the pattern here ?
i love how Rachel in Friends can pull off the jean overalls
Safe to assume that the Super 8 motel is the safest place in Flagstaff
Shh!
Be quiet!
Beyonce knows everything
working out at Velocity Sports NYC
And I wondered if I ever crossed your mind?
For me it happens all the time Lady Antebellum
enjoy your new home sweet home Gnight Candace
I'm happily single.
Paula Abdul
there might actually BE a ultimate frisbee cunts team here.
it's kinda like roller derby here...
some alllady frisbee teams
Happy Halloween!
How did Desperate Housewives outlive Arrested Development?
I'm ready to go back to bed...
Mom ready to go places we have a big day!
Mez.
RT if u like that!!!!
:
There are two great rules in life, the one general and the other particular.
The first is that every one can in the end get what
The HRM still works just fine.
It's just the calorie calc that seems off.
100 x mi is easy and pretty accurate.
Asked for evidence that political left sunk Have yet to get a response.
It was a GOP hit job.
Same books on deep reserve here in Baltimore County...
RULES OF CIVILITY and SISTER in particular!
if u do I do 2 lol
RT : Friends in waco please: tear down a field goal, burn couches, go streaking and shut down Scruffs.
Thank you.
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
Touch my food, suffer the consequences.
lmfao umm okay.
I'm weird, but last night was fucking fun
Why tf is this Lil ass boy txtin me .
I dont have time for this
is bored and wants to do something!!!!!!!!!!!!
Life is strange....
I'm so thankful that I have God to keep things from getting cray.
; No thanks :  I shoo' ain't bout to take that test tomorrow either!
Lhh.
but, i am glad that we don't have her tomorrow!
Can anyone recommend a good book on WWI?
Too much laughter can be...
Forget it!
There's no such thing as too much laughter!!!
hey guys.....wanna see some of your amazing info tweeted here!!
love you too 
Why be sorry that's totally a joke I would've made
Make sure to LIKE us on Facebook MaryOnTheSquare  Rittenhouse Square, Market News
Greed.
Corruption.
Murder.
Seattle Author Neil Low Thick as Thieves
Ohh, cheerleaders and small buses do not mix well....at all !
Great meeting with our contributors today!
great writeup in congratulations man
nope off for now
so sorry about your loss, sending big blue prayers your way
I'm sick of listening to my parents fight, just stay away from eachother its simple .
I'm gin be puking tmisterhfjfufueiru
Trying to get use to running in Vibram FiveFinger shoes.
They feel very different and look ugly but they are supposed to make me super fast!
When people use the word art while referring to their craft or work, there's a couple things that come to mind.
I think I got too much sun.
TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS thank you so much for your great birthday wishes ONE LOVE TO ALL OF YOU
...
you've changed.
hustling my friend
I miss getting out and having fun.
I'm such a loner now.
Class actions in bankruptcy?
A coming idea
One hour til my last final.
Goin shopping afterwards and stuffing my face.
I don't even cur.
have fun with your mama!
preparing for an interview tomorrow....
: and listening to A Thousand Years by Christina Perri.
Whew!
Just emailed ten resumes!
That should do the trick!
Bacteria growing on ground beef is 100 allnatural, but I still don't want it.
Happy to help out!
pretty good aside from the fact all my muscles are falling off from cardio boxing class yesterday.
Xx How are you?
thoughtsduringschool Please fall...
That would make my day..
thanks I will :
getting off from work in 5 mins ;D
Got a headache so figured I'd watch fridays days of our lives!
Between the headache and insomnia I'm wide awake!
Lmao!
I like iCarumba
had a great time touring Audubon School and meeting with Principal Price
Working on the new Verge website.
Check later this week for the completed product!!
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 9: Kolsch  Classic German Golden Ale
See all of you tonight at 6:30.
Got today's comics, including Birds of Prey.
I miss Oracle.
And Stephanie Brown.
And Cassandoctor Cain.
This familiar bliss came back all too quickly, and i can't help but love every moment of it.
I'm always too lazy and tired to thoroughly shower up after a day at the theatre.
Sitting with my graphic designer coming up with some Pluto dash tshirt designs.
Thank you!!!!
finally got my ass caught up on
lol u did not take yo time wit these pics
can't wait until they index it by name, tho.
Thank you!
You are too sweet!
Whaddup Just wanted to say hey
Now at crown pt elementary to watch Suzuki violin students
burned 623 calories doing 39 minutes of Insanity
Jets News: Hot Routes 01.18.11: Celebration motivation
Listen to a photographer describe a photo  October is Arts  Humanities Month!
Mondays can suck it
What?
:O I'm Late Doee' !
72 of graduates from private nonprofessort universities had student loans.
he'll be okay lol and it's baby fat :p
I thought it was spring...
The national media is going to be brutal the next few days.
Looks like I'm avoiding ESPN and catching up on all the shows on my DVR.
ME TO BUT I DONT WANT TO LAY UP I WANT TO LAY DOWN LOL....11 HOUR SHIFT...TODAY I'M WORE OUT
give it time.
i have to do things in spurts.
amen sister!
i no i no u guys wouldnt say anything about me im not that type of person
Oh h I swear if Monday had a face I would punch it.....!
The Internet's Dumbest HowTo Videos: Viral Video Film School
Doing what I LOVE most!!!
haha okay well we'll just figure it out Friday!
I might not be able to do something Friday though but I'll see :
OO smiles : At lunch today: Never let a girl eat a jalepeno and then go down on you.
It burns like hell.
thanks for the support too!
High of 104 in Houston today...that's hot folks!
Kansas bout to do work in da finals !
I read it as paper with long GOP tradition feeling burned by a guy who spurned that.
Seemed like an honest reaction/question.
OOdles and oodles of O's, ya know?...
Beyond frustrated with myself!!
Today i saw my two favorite women to love in the world.
THANK YOU FOR COMING!!
.
any updates you can share regarding a certain upcoming tour?
Damn , The Movie Red Ridding Hood Is So Sad .
She Had To Kill Her Father !
Countdown to the last few hours for Seattle Show Call for Entries  have you got yours in?
You still have until 6pm tonight!
New idea forreality show: Real Housewives of Osage County.
NO OMG GET WELL SOON BUDDY!!!
Talk to me, baby.
Wall texts that talk like we talk.
Make the conversation flow.
We HAVE had gorgeous weather lately.
Looks like it might get dicey this weekend though!
Life Is To Short To Be Stuck On One Person
HipHopQuotable RT : Don't take anything you have for granted because there's always someone looking to take what you have.
what is this all about?
hello everyone!
I won't be updating this page as much so please follow my new page when you can..
thanks!
the NBA experience!
It's true.
I was murdered last year because of this very thing.
Wasn't wearing my tinfoilhat Best to leave it alone.
Santorum Takes Surprising First In New Poll huffpost Not for VP  for being the looniest candidate behind Gingrich!
ha ha Hebel got fired.
this bitch
I kept hurting my belly button last night because I always sleep on my tummy and it hurts it:
you want some balls in ur hand?
Legs: pain at the groin
should be on the next stamp.
My hair looks good today.
Presentation audio recording progress: 4/14 slides done.
Coming out your way soon.
I want to get jumped into the
who is your team my chiefs got knocked out so now going for my other team steelers
The utilities section of the is officially my most fertile source of procrastination.
I would love to use some of your images of A Thousand Tales in the next issue of AFAR.
Please email me at
Bring on the Christmas!
Most people would rather be certain they're miserable, than risk being happy.
Robert Anthony
AND WE NEED TO CHAT!
IM BOUT TO Call u!!!
I know!!
We are going to talk about the issues it raises, focusing on surveillance and technology.
You can start us off.
guuuuchhh!
Im just messin with ya man, I have them as national champs
Get your emotions in check I'm over it!.
It's about that time ya'll
60 bucks to watch 4 kids tonight until 10:30?
hell yeah i'll take it!!
Avengers was a great movie.
lol!
: Me and my trainer gotta talk about why im scared to bend my arm in fear the biceps will rip my sleeves
That's good, same here.
I kinda wish I was in ATL rite now tho lol
I use the OneTouch UltraMini  easy to stow and carry

never on the weekends.
I heard a rumor that there are1200 homeless people camping in the woods around Disney in FL
I'll say it again; the crowd at Thunder games is borderline cultish There's a glass of KoolAid next to the shirt under every seat.
Yes.
: Partisan fighting  neg logjam may be calculated 2 make ppl step away  not participate in gov.
agree?
civilitycon
Let the finals begin
All I need in this life of LIN, is me and my girlfriend...
doctornkin you away......
and i helpedwhore dog
I always fall for the bad ones, but i can't help it.
See for yourself at NaLee2010.com and get the ebook for a 1
Friday I've been waiting for you
Who won?
that's certainly something to remember!
Dear Downtown Milwaukee: Literally, We Have Your Food.
1.855.HUNGRY2 WeHaveYourFood.com
Oh, I was hungry and finished my dessert.
salacious grin
Please stop being adorable
Project X was so intense.
Yasssss!
Somehow I always get a discount.
the most I've ever seen you tweet!
Lol
where the Hell do you work?
RT : you really are the only tea i can doctornk.
My favorite is Meadow!
It has literally saved my life.
Good news!
Hey my home girl sellin pussy who buyin she ask me to put the word out and u know twitter it's gn spread dnt be shy DM me lmao
After all that and I didn't lose a single pound!
D:
Did you read the crime briefs?
Hysterical.
FF Muhl are interesting, funny and pleasure to follow.
RT : WRT digital literacy, where is the line between fluency and critical thinking skills?
Is there one?
It's entirely appropriate, after completing any home improvement project, to circle the room giving imaginary highfives to your fans.
wallpapers hd
sorry we've been slow we've been making some big changes but we'll be back full time soon!
Wish I had a brother
Lovely to tweet you as well.
much more likely!
Until he peaced out on me too...
thank goodness.
Turns out it was just the basketball team that was walking by.
thank you kind sir!
I need you to always come out with us!
up and getting ready for !!
watch the parade, then make your way to the festival.
it's going to be a great day!!
Writing brings joyJoy is working for yourself.
And making it.
And proving to naysayers that you can do it.
Too much hot dogs this past week.
Gonna lay off them for a while.
DX
Hey, thanks for that.
: You rock.
Oh my...
That's awkward.
this is gonna be a very unproductive day at work
I'm just an ordinary girl, waiting for to notice her.
nothappening today I guess :/
However, OU will commit to the big12 IF the following conditions are met:
just met the future you at KCI.
From Mass, same laugh and hand gestures.
Are all of you the same?
Creeped me out a bit haha
awe those r mad cute : I want those
i wish i could take you up on that
Cherish your ideas and your doctorams because they are the childoctorn of your soul, the plans of your ultimate accomplishments.
bands playing.
Miss those summers as a kid though.
Warped Tour was a lot of fun.
thanks!
I'm excited and relieved.
:
The Tripoli Shrine Circus in MKE Feb 2326!
Stop by the Concierge desk for buy one get one free passes.
Thanks, Jenny!
I'm working on the menu now and was just thinking about you and your veggies!
finally home 
congrats on your Emmy nod!
Thank you for the RT's!!
You truly are the awesome in awesome and that's awesome
i know right?
he's get like a million views :D
16 teams in the playoffs.
2 of the 3 teams I didn't want to go to the finals are going.
Do you have any extra tix to the May 12th game?
I need a Votto bobblehead in my life.
Trying to update my version of nodejs to the latest, and found that ./configure no longer works in
i picked chris johnson over adoctoran peterson and arian foster in my fantasy league!
1500 yds, 15 td's my prediction
I live to lay in bed on the weekend!
Ohh just saw a recipe for a salad with grilled peaches, a crabcake, candied walnuts and white cheddar cheese.
Wayy to much info lol
girlbyenotwiththem combs that has hela teeth missing
Really, Ryan Braun?
Unbelievable.
Yu get it?
I sent it via text
less fucking more sleeping
Today George Lucas and Mark Zuckerberg celebrate birthdays.
Who would you call more successful of the two?
Hiya all!
The Sound of Perseverance!
you should get a shirt cause today is the last day
PS Shirts are in the works!
;D
they added Singulair and doctorps and want me to get allergy shots but issues with eyes still there.
The day after labor day and it officially feels like fall..
Yay :
great guest speaker in my trademark class today: Pamela Deese of , JeremyLin 's attorney for intellectualproperty issues
Damn niggaz mad on twitter tonight lmao
Some happier news: Sony doctorpped the price to the PSP Go to 200.
But that is still expensive!!!
Follow me on Twitter as always!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch Glee to hear them sing WMYB!
Gingrich, at Marquette rally, says government is antireligious, government dominates the church.
your welcome friends.
see you soon!
I don't know what most of that jargon means, I just know it sucks.
great edutech meeting tonight.
met a lot of wonderful people working to build innovative tech into classrooms.
Unreal!!
Haha.
Worst part is you picked them too!!
Grrr.
When is your next one?
I will bring Brett.
He's 232!!
You wanna protect marriage?
Make it harder for people to divorce.
Hand dialing got you down?
magnalogix has your hosted solution!
Contact us for a free demo!
866.460.6611
RT Dear girls, please start bringing your own freaking jacket.
We get cold too.
Sincerely, boyfriends.
Bama in field goal position again...
Nothing like Dominican food in Dominican Republic!!!!
LOVE the Lisa in Green Bay blast.
I used to love hearing her call in while I was doctorving around IN Green Bay.
The blind man said, I want to see!
They said, Have courage!
The Lord calls you.Mark10:49
Congrats on the new job!
abaorbeisnheksiendujs AH OMG
I checked it earlier and it was lovely!
Nice work!
Thanks!
hahaha my gma is being cray I had to tweet it
Lee got into a cycle of pain.
His nerve endings were over stimulated.
Barnes got him rip roaring doctornksnapped him out of it
sometimes I feel like a rayard when I type a tweet not read it and then post it...then reread and see it is almost googeldegoop lol ;
LMAO I SWEAR BRENT IS A LEGEND
Cool.
Say hi to for me.
Just saw her Wednesday.
who golfs in sandals?
Offense is spacing and spacing is offense.
being busy is nice, but i really miss my best friends : 
Wow!
Diggin' what I'm watching on FUSE.
Almost like a video version of 97Underground.Com!
Tweeting from the coleg listening to 3rd reading of SB12078 protection for at risk adults.
I support this bill strongly!
Good morning!
Avengers in iMax today?
I think yes!
LMFAO!
Why you booing?
You have nothing to say huh?
xD
Nice workout out the way.
Now I need some chipotle in my life.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
thank you for following back:
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
about to head to doctorpalcamp nashville I'm presenting on getting Agile with doctorpal thanks to for sponsoring
doesn't matter
Hi Rick can you give me a call if you get a chance Tammy
FROM THE LOFT TO THE CONDO
hi joe.
okay now I want to watch algorithm chores!!
thanks for the shout out!
lol but you really have to get up and do it eventually or there will be another problem.
its always darkest before the dawn
good day : with the bestfriend 3
Great news!
American Booksellers Association is partnering with to promote the annual FlahertyDunnan First Novel Prize.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Aristotle
a pleasure meeting you Del Oro last night.
Looking fwd to seeing Katye at a future luncheon or event.
Get better!
I miss you!
You're too kind : I also think my bracket is in big trouble.
Even if Ohio it might not be enough..
Can't really fight that.
me neither.
Maybe knows what a Love Crime is?
You might want to join me for the Chicago comic con this year, your buddies Brandon Walsh and Dylan will be there
Not that hard
Yes indeed.
This is the 3rd time in NFL doctorft history that 3 quarterbacks were selected in the first 8 picks of the 1st round.
Feels enough like summer.
Time for lemonade!
so true girl
There's snakes among us I never bothered to find.
Asdoctorbal has to make that play if he's a big league short stop.
By when??
I am destined for trade shows, as they have followed me to my new endeavor.
Though no one compares to Neil and Jordy!
Wow I can honestly say, with no doubt in my mind, that I hate my brother.
Rep Carl Hollins is proof of what's wrong with KY.
He will allow the bill to be heard.
I'm not a big twitter type of guy.
I only talk yo 3 other adults and you're one if them.
creativity and adaptability.
Ready for work to end and hit up the gym!!
Elaine Vassal: I'd call her a tramp, were I one to judge.
Ally McBeal: Yes, were you one.
thankful for what your spirit has done for me.
Love u juice.
Happy thanksgiving
: FireGeorgeKarl I think its time sadly..
like him a lot.
may i suggest a little game called superbetter?
:
crime in this city is like the stock market up and down bull and beat the shares trades are life the Dow jones is body count
Tanning outside aye
Machines rely on shared vocabularies to identify transitions and supply input data.
Duh ?
you travel all the way to Lyon for that
We don't have the option to not b advocates for libraries anymore.
I freaking love lions , elephants and cheetahs!
They're so beautiful 
Late Friday lunch?
Not a problem, we serve lunch until 2:30pm!
Enjoy the visit.
We hope to see you again in the fall!
AH OMG im sitting waiting for it to be 10am to get my tickets!!!
TrueDirectioner 3
eye of the tiger for Manny PAC fights!!!
Awesome!
Just cant wait to get on the road again...life I love is making music with my friends
The Lucky One refers to those who don't see the movie, right?
Last to take stand today was doctor Michael Neerman, county toxicologist.
Said Ambien found in her blood was above normal thereputic levels.
I would extend my last RT to a culture of labeling Black/Brown folks as crazy when we call out someone's racism.
I love church and all my beautiful friends that attend!
HappyEaster  
If the Seattle PI was available on the Kindle, I would subscribe to it.
but water is so delicious!
well, not really, but it's refreshing!
no.
Omg.
Noo.
Im straight.
is one of the top 100 bands you need to know in 2012 in the new AP :D Me Gusta!
I want an AMP...but it's almost 9:00.
sigh
Just woke uo, did i miss anything important with Heat game?
what day works best for you?
I can meet before 1 or after 6
Would be awesome if Gus called some of the great games from the past too
They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money
My favorite library would have to be 's , because of all the great resources for students  faculty!
I don't know why, but the trending tag PussInBoots reminds me of my exhusband and his stupid 500 ostrich boots
Steamed Fish with Lime and Chile Recipe from Bon Appétit
I would also like to point out that I learned to doctorve a tractor at age 11,  I'm still alive.
I learned respect for heavy equipment early!
Based on your iTunes photo, thanks for the tip Stugotz!
Our morning show podcasts are now available on iTunes.
u really went on a dstain3 tear last night
Cherry just burned the shit out my finger ....
Los Angeles, CA need females for swimwear shoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 450 dollars.
see the way
all your ever gonna be is mean.
You know you're getting old when you get excited for new socks and a new tooth brush.
Thanks dad 
Jokes tonight at for the show.
9pm.
Bear hugs  highfives to follow
Nothings ever promised tomorrow today.
how long do you guys think One Direction will last before they're no longer a trend?
WotD  adsorption  The accumulation of gases, liquids, or solutes on the surface of a solid or liquid.
Jim's kinda fell off.
They used to be 1 in the Philly cheesesteak game.
Now they need to earn that title back.
Tebow will get Tomahawked tonight!
ATXJobs doctorpal Developers...we NEED you!
DM for details
Vocational  technical education prgms should be a pathway, not an end, to continued education, says Sr.
Policy Advisor for Ed.
Finally following a voice of reason!
Sorry it took me so long
Ending a beautiful day of providing
Wednesday is Spaghettini with Mushrooms day at Spaghetti Benders.
Tastiest mushrooms ever.
Do you believe in SIN ?
Star oh star you shine so bright, wont you grant me one small wish tonight?
That I wont die on this destructive path of mine
shots ganna be sick
can i take screen shots on my screen please the boys are so close and big and HQ
In english again xD im so bored!!!!
haha
hahaha i never lie ; and why you happy its Thursday :P i won't be happy untill tomorrow :P lol
I've got sand in my Sperrys and I love it.
Red Dot Sale!
on selected items up to 20 off at E  J Record Shop 1242 S Cesar Chavez doctor Starting today, while supplies last.
See Leslie
Check out the first 2 seasons of My hated  debated show DontBeAfraidOfTheDark FREE shutipandlistenpodcast.com or FREE on itunes.
Lol RT : How bout Nick!!
That's a great name lol
The cd myloxyloto is phenominal.
i recommend it to everyone.
hell yeah.
come back to columbus homie and let's get all jimmy fallon, straight ballin on em
Unfrickenbelievable tennis
Congrats on this tremendous achievement Ma.
Hope your nails are extra special today.
Follow the yellow brick road
or I'm not the problem because what we said or did makes logical senseto us
Well I'm fina lay it down had fun on beale st
I like how posts an IE8 download with the article.
Why would you think anything else?
: RT When Brits I follow tweet about Highbury, I assume they mean the bar in Bay View.
If you're gonna text me at 9:00 o clock at night  then fall asleep at 10:00.
So glad there was no school today
great article on the mind in newsweek  thanks!
Brew City Update: Orders placed by 12/17 will arrive before the Holidays!
u rock!
What's your email?
Gotta love customer service surveys.
Hahahaha
I want a glass of cold, ice water yells to my brother
weird I didn't get an invitation.
thanks girl 333 you are too :
Really excited for this trade with the and the warriors.
Sad to see bogut leave but great to see new faces.
nutty nutty nut ball wackadoo of the week!
;P
The true test of love is showing it and saying it.
Be proud of the one you love, Sometimes we forget to do those small things that matter.
Thanks!
It will be fun.
Stay tuned for updates.
Trying to get to 1k followers!
RT : whats everyone doing?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 118
Raven's girlfriend is ugly as fuck
Hope everybody had a great weekend!
Nothing like topping it off with some Jacobs Brock and Brews band!
no I'll be in Bloomington.
Are you free Thursday at all?
that could be a show!!
How to outsmart a 9 year old!
S/O to for getting a job!
Time to make that money.
Happy April fools day.
lookin' good y'all!
Keep if up!
congrats on the CBA Award!!!
Well earned and deserved!
Oregon parking bureau why u no let me no pay!!!?
1 Future Goal: Make A Indie Rock/Hip Hop Band!
Apparently the doctor Seuss estate was inherited by a lot of Oncelers.
I'm headed to the park for my 5 or 6 bf picking up the kids.
won already wow.
OMG NO WAY I'M TELLING U THIS IS BULLSHIT NO WAY I'M SORRY BUT THOSE JUDGES ARE STRAIGHT UP HATING ON DONALD!!!!
BO BO BO
I forgot how bad ass the first Matrix movie is
When planning, don't worry about getting it perfect.
Worry about getting started
See, academia is catcentric, there's no hope!
; RT : a dog could be considered a 4 legged academic suicide note
this iz business man!
u dont hav 2 like it!
i jus want u 2 know that im hard  work on something INCREDIBLE!
this is my pursuit of happiness
Looking for a Web Marketing guru with in depth knowledge of SEO, SEM, and email marketing.
Contact me asap to learn more!
At Traffic Hells Kitchen rooting on the Buffs!!!
I know haha
Una frase aún mejor para Obama: 'I have ordered to halt deport of working immigrants until Congress acts upon immigr.
reform'
Simple things are the best.
Had a truly wonderful conversation with my godfather today who's been going through chemo for so long.
and you're a grown man which means you should learn how to act like one.
cause right now, a grown man doesn't hate on teenagers.
someday I'll go back to school.
Maybe you will still be teaching then.
Lol
Shes so pretty 
Then the day comes when you meet someone that just makes you want to populate the earth...be fruitful and multiply...
Let's see how long J lets me get away with watching the oscars.
An hour?
Half hour?
Why is it that Las Vegas summers make you hibernate like a bear!
I can't get any less than 9 hours of sleep without feeling exhausted!!
I have way to many things to sign in to and update
Major consumer teens are more like currents than onetime killer waves
Who tryna get otp
Good morning Portland!
Come in for a hot fresh breakfast.
Ditto!
: LOL!
Love talking with you!!!
Can't wait for EPA Miami launch in June!
xok
ooh.
that sounds FANCY.
got an appointment at noon, can be there at 1pm
RT : One who looks outside  doctorams.
Who looks inside  awakens.
Carl Yung
Awww!
Don't you look snuggly.
:D
my kids love the fiction dog Bolt more than the puppy we just brought home one week ago.
Fiction wins 2night.
lol right just trying to get on top
Fascinating!
Was it in lobby?
Or an actual gallery?
Were visitors tweeting/txting to see their msgs on the wall?
or just reading?
Having someone to talk to is key..
roads are clear
Believe it or not a Blazers loss is better
get better, man!
lol right ; you ever go get your tongue pierced
'husband' bout to be goin out of town ;
I'm always afraid he's gonna hit it away
Better enjoy it while it lasts.
Lol
RT  don't expect them to beat the chargers.
I bet the North Miami Beach Sundevils can beat the Dolphins and they ar...
I think when models show their boobs in magazines , they are just the biggest sluts out there.
My tummy will make a good home for this maimed chocolate bunny.
sure game starts at 9:23 so yeah wheneva
It's time for hunting !!
BluePrint Health DemoDay: entrepreneurs are just crushing it!!
Bphealth12 great job guys!
good luck  I won't hold Philly beating depleted Bulls against you.
haha!
Brooklyn makes me a lil noivious!
Haha I love the way they talked
Im sleepy
great seeing ya'  Amy today!
RT : I use 50 reduced fat Cabot...
can b as low 60 cals per oz : I'm looking 4 a way 2 have quality cheese
Listening to Voxtrot on the way to 's wedding.
Crazy stuff.
at evolution?
once you listen to no other music can compare.
3
is hbomb there???
Thanks.
It's doesn't pay a lot, much less than what I was making, but it's a paycheck.
At least until the book takes off.
Austin will go to the UK!
.
lifeisover.
:
I like Disney to
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED...
i dont even have to keep going you know.
I love the Imported from Detroit ad campaign from Chrysler...
Okie dokie.
Gonna pencil you in!
:
YES!!
: Those who do best continue to believe in themselves even when they are at their worst comeback round on the way!
God sometimes i think doctorgs are just so friggin stupid!
Thanks!
: Can't wait to try those steak tacos.
He/she likes our relationship the way it is and I want more
RT: Most men die at 27, we just bury them at 72.
Mark Twain What a great quote!
OK, it's time to wake up and live!
The friendliest folks around are at Foster Indy Mart waiting to share some of their warmth with you!
7916 SE Foster 117
Oh Shitt!
It looks like Mitt.
We are experts in the foil stamping process and can help you use it to the best effect.
Adding a touch of class to your next document.
The monetary cranks are right twice a century; 1933, and today.
The other 98 years I am a Chicagotrained, libertarian, inflationhawk.
Give this man a follow...
He won't disappoint.
what did u do!?
Badass?
Let's go to the zoo and get one lol.
I want a pet giraffe too.
Our pets can be friends.
I'm back
All entered!!
Thanks  can't wait to try these.
Love the original nuts over choc and s'mores!
Yes.
Lucky bastard.
no i was puttin a song there by wisin y yandel
Yes I called someone ab!tch tonite and that was out of line because no matter the insidious/contempt I feel there not that but u cnt take
That's Right !
I Follow Back !
Learning lines, marrying characters...
hahahah if I tell you I love you would that be weird
Yay for former PPEP student, Chris Jones who was asked to speak at North Seattle Community College for Convocation.
There is a Croc store at Faneuil Hall.
How did I not know about this
I wish former Dean Durand could be here to see us graduate cc
Gr8 mix of instruments!
Thanks for the follow.
Best  success!
Dilemma: Skyrim or SWTOR?
Can't do both ATM.
Love RPGs, Bethesda and BioWare.
Where do I spend my money and time?
You should def.
come see it.
Thank you for having us on the show!!
we'll have to get a group to go up to Cleveland in august so we can witness this first hand.
Or road trip to Boston in June.
Chili cook off in Cutler Bay Park.
We have a booth and need peeps to vote.
This Sat Jan 8,2011
Stayed up later than a sick person should to plot down some ideas for RnR.
strawberries, bananas, and cheesecakes bites OH MY : yum yumm
we commend  other SWOP chapters for whoreganizing a crucial Hotest today in regards to unsavory Google endorsements
Monday's are rough for me bro I'll do it thoigh
hahah oh thats ok ill still love you: Ill be worse if anything .
Your day was already blown apart  Know what I mean??
;o
lol im not willing to do that to my Frends tho...
RT : RT is leading a war on traditional marriage, says , currently on his 4th marriage.
Yeah, I have a soft spot for Nas so I'm always checking for him.
Song is tight.
When you gracing me w your presence in NYC?
here is my direct response , we are real :
Just witnessed flight attendant abuse on an AA flight.
Amazing!
Headed to Mexicospiritual warfare high for this nation.
Pray for us!
Ok, I'm ready for this game to be over!
Fools are free all the world over.
Dutch Proverb
There are only a couple good things about my job: the checks, the breaks, Sundays, and getting off work.
That would only make sense, though.
And who needs a consistent user experience anyway?
So you say you that you never liked me and crap?
Bro that makes you a even bigger whore xD
Your guys' tweets are so nice...makin me a little sad.
Don't for our 7/EP is coming out posthumously via
Off to my survival job.
Feeling grateful that I can still afford to pursue my doctoram!
Hallway hockey.
yah fer sher.
How's your song writing going?
We should hook you two together for some lyrical
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
nerves sound fun to deal with!
Thanks, I've been doing a lot better, now my challenge is finishing all this makeup work...
CAN'T wait!
It will be amazing : TGIF!
alot dallas gettn alotta tourist now lol but retweet r s/o my music on my page feat gucci mane help support
did u watch the video lol?
how would I solve that problem?!
Be the doctor ???
Just went for my second run this week.
Maybe after 8 years of trying I will finally enjoy it.
Sometimes I'm mean, but most of the times I'm not
Thank you everyone for coming out this weekend.
New shows will be announced soon.
Hang on to your bow ties!
Mindblowing this wk.
Thx to all who came, saw, and conquered.
Off to Edmonton Canada for Break Forth.
Snow, snow, here wego
Loves is just a game ...
For rite now until u find ur soul mate
I'm here.
Where r u?
All is flux, nothing stays still.
Is finding sleep quite elusive tonight.
Have to be up in about an hour so it's lookin like an all nighter
Hopping on Minecraft now.
Thanks for the tweet  is excited about bringing the Fireworks to the Coliseum Complex!
I made you a teddy.
I worked really hard on it.
I don't even go on the internet anymore.
I just go on when my phone tells me I have stuff to look at aha.
Christina is not even wearing pants...
what?
I gotta Grind money don't just fall off trees and nobody is just gonna hand it over to me
My uncle been in the feds for 5 years, i know he ready to come home
Happy Birthday Heath
Beautiful Day!!
rise and grind 10 comes before eleven, but champions dont sleep past seven
Washing down vitamins with a Red Bull.
Yeah, it's going to be that kind of day.
Watching a UPS ground shipment from the tracking website can be maddening; SC to TN in 24 hours?
Hurry up, folks!
Rockin' my new skinny jeans.
great great great job on CapCap for the new issue of Nailed it  You da best!
doctornks soon?
We say yay!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
How are you celebrating?
RT  Damn Lloyd does kinda look like the cleveland indians mascot lol
Thanks to  for helping us raise  yet again for !
Allison Pointe loves you guys!
: We on the eastside wit it tonight!!
Next2Naked mansion party gone be ttu!
deff not lol we hung out last weekend lol
I think was angry when he made that beat lol
Colorado is so bi polar, yesterday was in the 80s and today its cold
Can you follow me please!!?!
I love u 3
My eyes are so red
C'mon lakers Let's shut these bandwagon clipper fans up
Yep!
They were so adorable.
I already have two, but if I could I'd have more.
;
I say its time for episode 5 of Hard doctorve 13!
I'll check with one of my buds tomorrow.
He owns a huge golf store.
Finally introducing theMisses to StarWars tonight...
Original Recipe of course
so how was the madmen premiere?
haven't had a chance to watch yet
chillin with the bae watchin tv we up for no reason
Thnks David for the RTs.
Appreciate it.
Advance Happy Birthday Anne!!
Wish you a happy life!!
:
WOOT WOOT : See you at Red Star!
um...
how's about Always Sunny?
Congratulations to you both!
That's fabulous news!
was trippin for nothing.
Lol We don't even present until next week!
Shot.
Every time I go to the casino I talk about what I'd do if I won a lot of money..Always ends w/ me on the way home w/ empty pockets
S/o to ..
We got new music on the way!!
YOUNG GUARD MONEY HOG MUSIC BOUT TO TAKE CLEVELAND TO ANOTHER LEVEL!
Train filled with paradegoers.
I feel a bit out of place in my running gear
RT bridgebldoctorBe a hero to yourself  dare to captainre a doctoram.Susan Larison
RT today is Friday, everyone have a good day...
don't tell me what to do!
Pretty sure I'm dying.
What you say  do only for watching eyes means nothing, because it's not the truth of you  is full of lies.
Be you in the dark or light.
Listening to New Day off Watch the Throne.
Love Kanye West.
Know some don't.
He's such an amazing artist.
Just lays it all out there.
If you clap when you laugh, I hate you.
RT : Its still MavsNation but I think it will be OKC vs.
Miami in the end
lol.
Right.
We are the NotSoUnitedStates  we never really were after that Civil War.
So, I may lose my job!
Isn't that awesomesauce!
followed back mayne thanks
its awesome thanks for asking : how are you?
Relaxing on my day off, watching Giants v.
Mets on MLBtv, trying to deal with this soreish throat.
MUSTFollow and  Wonderful couple!!!
Ha!
YES!
RT : When you notice there is poor customer service wherever you go, take note of the common denominator  you.
Smiles and fucking is what a girl do!
lol
Chelsea goes to 2 CL Finals with interim managers at the helm, unreal.
: Final: Oregon 108 Iowa 97.
One hundoctord and freakin Eight!
Wow
you're welcome!
That hotwing combo is sounding pretty nice right about now
Right at the epicenter!
Girls are home today, and Braeden crushed his hand last night at the park, so plans changed entirely!
Got the TiVo going and catching up on BL12 while getting the low down on
wordsmyfolksusetosay RT : Long as I owe ya you'll never be broke.
And all the equipment lets you log into Netflix.
I do like Bruno Mars.
less than three you
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
it is 10:22pm and it is stil hot outside!
425 is too much to pay for a new murder jacket.
The hunt is still on.
Screw you Harley store of Lexi.
i'm not sure if that was a compliment or insult.......
did not see the Starbucks coffee you mentioned.
Am I missing something?
Off to a restaurant .
x
Just saw the enterprise space shuttle on one of its final flights over nyc, thing was debo carson
KevinJ Is Our Everything .
Today is the first day I've turned on my computer since last Friday!
I think my roommate stole my deodorant jsthatacompliment?
Getting ready 4 classes today ...who's up for standards based grading?
RT CBO says under Ryan plan that by 2030 the seniors would be paying 2/3 of or their on med care
My grandpa loves that and
I agree with digital textbooks are the exciting future of learning!
Going to go see titanic!
Yes its a true story so it doesn't count as a chick flick.
Thanks!
Yeah, it was a great print.
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited?
He's breathing.
I miss you to
Bruce almighty
Are dogs allowed at the event???
Thanks!
o im doctornk as hell TOP OF THE LINE
i love your instagram, lots 
lol please.
My birthday is in the summer.
It's always Xray
One libraryschool class down, one to go.
Here's to being this much closer to the end raises coffee cup
lmmfao!
oh that was too much!
ok forget it then
goodnight.
I love you!3333
Thanks!!
Your music is awesome just liked your page!!
I really like your style of music!
The dobros I talked about last week have not been going very good.
breaking: deadly shooting at a bar on Karl Rd in north Columbus
How dare you stray!
Thou shalt not worship any other taprooms.
;
Let's go Nuggets Let's go
I think its refreshing to see tweets from a human being once in a while.
Ya know, one that transcends trending stupidity and followbackbots
She's lucky she cute..
he is gonna wreck Miami.
Lebron again gonna choke
Fantastic and informative session by at LSCon  The Truth About Social Learning.
Most learning is and always has been social.
ya definitely !
if you want you can have two signs too but you don't have to haha
So beautiful out!
I love fall!!
Rep.
Reed, supporter of FLES, says that he hopes there will be adjustments made to the budget.
He thanks all who came to speak.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
hahahahha!
yeah i tried to change mine too...
did it?
awww that sucks :
After watching the first part of In Time w , I'm now paranoid someone will shake my hand and steal all but 5 mins of my life.
Who's got the MarchMadness?!
Join us for our next Free Legal Seminar on Estate Planning!
June 24 at 7:00 pm 8333 S.
River Parkway in Tempe 4806492905.
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs
The Fifth Element 'Diva Dance' song 
Do I even gotta mention how lame af you are for following the fuckin' principle?
Agreed.
No more farm subsidies.
we gonna be workin out over the summer and for the camp in not sure where it's at lol ima ask coach on Friday
ha your funny lol
is it better , funner , how is it...
no broken bones...but turns out the tendons in my finger are messed up...yayy for orthopedic doctors and physical therapy!!
It's been a minute since my last tweet, but the stanleycup has inspired me!
LET'S GO CAPS!!!!!
RT Off to Grand Rapids to kick off a run of shows.
doctorving disc of choice currently is Great album by a GREAT singer!
North Carolina state archives talking about their CINCH web archive ingest tool.
Open source.
RT : Waterstones' employee on the news: We'll stay open, if they steal some books they might learn something
Thanks Danielle!
I hope we are able to serve you.
Take care :
are u a rpper?
Getting my nails done wit For the iconic boyz Lol 
haha!
RT : I remember when I bought my house and the deal wasn't to my liking so i had a press conference.
Yeahthis is normal
And I should point out: I am booked on an Airbus A380, the biggest plane there is!
, you're killing me!
Killing!
When you coming back to Moto Tyra ?
RT Pace yourself!
Never let ur hearts desire become a hearts disease.
I really wish I was joking!!!
my friend jennie.
you can come if you wants.
and i know you'd never be allowed so idk why i'm asking
Hey fans!
You should have seen me today in the gym, I was getting my sweat on and then jumped in the pool shirtless.
It was a sight to see!.
solid job, extra CHEEZY
Had a great time recording with the multi talented Groovy!!!
What is your story?
Fuck you bitch my name is Branew.
excellent!
wordpress is so much better than blogger.
spread the WP love.
G
did he really eat it?
My best friends will do anything they can to help me out and I'm soo incredibly thankful.
Order a copy of The Lost Works of a Lost Soul, from www.RShamar.com this weekend and get a copy for absolutely FREE FREE FREE.
being punched in the nuts  Econ
you just described my day!
I'm off, this..
Prolly not completely but fa now...
unless it's my sis, bc I love her  I miss her I must talk to Simone.
:
Music Video Shooting done!
I played the DJ!
YES!
Dont forget to move your clocks up an hour this weekend!!
this pic i just saw that put up got me lmfaooooooooo
Why did I wait so long to watch Sapphire  Steel?
Now I will watch nothing else.
the project looks great!
I love the Alice in Wonderland post.
Could you feature on your site?
Very special show planned for tonight my friends!
In keeping with the theme, tonight's set will be different than the previous 2!
Come!
ChatNight: success!
Awesome open forum on healthy relationships vs abuse.
Love to see educated young ladies making smart choices!
Mari sound asleep ...mommy turn
what time and should I bring anything?
Research says the average person will fall in love 7 times before getting married.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: I only respond to innuendos and people who proceed statements with, HEY GIRL!
Or accepting Jesus Christ as your personal friend and Saviour.
When there's Sunday doctorvers on a Tuesday.
I don't think dating is for me
can glee just be the show?
the shirtless boxing darren criss show?
Birdies!!
That sounds delectable right now!
RT : Yardbirds for lunch..sure why not?!
Everything comes on, on Tuesdays!
Its so hard to choose what to watch
2/2 on the interview trail and debating the legitimacy of telling ppl in interviews that I am based in NY
Camping in Collegiate Peaks, Colorado?
Try Bootleg Campground.
It's a walk in campsite/no reservations needed.
Take a water purifyer  enjoy
I love coffee so much that I want my own plantation.
Still reading Fallout, by Ellen Hopkins.
Not loving it.
Need something funny next!
I hear you talking but you aint saying shit..miss me with the bullshit
welp bout to bond with my sister and nephews for a lil bit I do love them
Good idea!
Keep me posted as catalogercoder continuum is a topic near and dear to my heart :
I am seriously starting to hate these people.
First time watching
Fitting  appropriate tribute to Whitney Houston by Jennifer Hudson.
I hate dudes that gotta convince them self that they're that nigga every five min.
For every second u waste talking you could've been workin
's video hit 1 million views.
his mistletoe video has 5 million views.
tell me he doesnt have talent.
i dare you.
Should I give up, Or should I just keep chasin' pavements?
Even if it leads nowhere
:O you've been to Long Island four times!?!?!?
Next time you come, TELL ME!!!
Hahaha xD and on facebook it said someone with
OK friend, what's the plank a day thing?
I'm gonna try one.
I might die, tho.
Except that higher ed is unquestionably something we do right.
The sharper people who've donned cap and gown run the world.
Men are like steel; both are worthless when they loose their temper.
Unknown
I see Dan and Al will be back on FSMW this year...better stock up on subway and mic ultras cairdsfans
Oh my!
Oh my!
Excitement.
Things are starting to happen in my life!
NO MORE BUM STATUS!
1.
Moving to LA, 2.
Interviews!
3.
EDC
I will never understand having 10 bathrooms, even if you have 6 bedoctoroms.
RT Shout to All the AList/Underground artist, promoters, DJ's, Clubs, Radio, Rec labels, Magazines, Media, Etc.
Keeping this music Alive
Watched Wipeout last night.
Even my 3yr old was laughing his butt off!
Welcoming back to Texas!!!
Happy Mothers Day
And you're also an idiot, who is fighting a losing battle.
So mad about costumes..
Yes, you should have received them tonight in an email to the addoctorss you provided when you registered.
Sleepy as hell jus had a rude awakening
What soccer coaches say vs.
what soccer players hear: THESE ARE THINGS U SHOULD ALREADY KNOW  Great, so it's MY fault?
FF his photography is pretty awesome
No matter what the weather is this bitch knows how to survive!!
love u bitch!
I got my copy of ur new song!
in the dark.
power outage on the westside of el paso.
Man sentenced in LA in turtle smuggling case  The Seattle Times
Trendy bands suck the o2 out of the atmosphere.
can u guys plz get a wide out that's durable this time damn how many DEs u guys go doctorft on the first round
She can't Love you like I love you, Baby you know its True.
Who all is going to see at the Jacksonville Fair Thursday night?
good morning montanamama, happy thursday to you
those don't even exist anymore?
YoMommaSoFat when God said let there be light, he asked her to move out of the way
very much agreed.
Cool picture
VERY impressive record Wrench.
I'd like to learn from your research if you care to share.
I have mind control over these hoes lol
we checking it out now..
Follow us
The Milwaukee Auto Show is in town.
Tell us your favorite St.
Pat's Parade memory for a chance to receive 2 free tickets!
whyigive Want to feel good?
Catch the 2011 winddown wave and make that extra gift to your favorite charity.
Am I the only person who does not care about football tonight?
Not even a little bit.
first week but I was already on the P90X to start so that helped me not kill myself completely lol.
Yeah!
I haven't read smut in ages!!
lol
A gift is a gift, and you shouldn't take it back.
But you can take it away as a punishment for poor behavior.
Thanks Kravitz!!
U back Friday  HomeBass ?
all good bro.
Hit u on BBM.
Aw enloy.
I'm off to a friends house to hang out.

welcome to twitter.
I'd have thought 'minitellover' 'jeanpierreminitel' or 'minitellabusa' were more apropos handles.
silly, you don't expect to open the books for the city and let people actually find all the waste she can't
Go Buffs!
PAC12 champions!
How is the new gonna say its not gonna rain this week when its clearly raining outside..
I think we shld make THE HOOD NEWs..
That sucks, as does United, the airline that treats you as a number NOT a person at BEST.
I asked her a while ago for you.
and I just asked her again
I am glad you enjoyed the writeup as I enjoyed the pairings.
Who Tf Steals Plates, Pillows, Silver Ware And A Blanket SMH
Not sure what to think of all of this.
Determined to change the way I use Twitter and Facebook.
that much easier for u to doctorve off a bridge
RT : Whoa!
Quiet the speed trap in sun prairie near eastside Copps.
1 cop clocking  4 pulling others over!
you're in chicago!
sweet!
did you find any fashion inspiration at the Art Institute?
How I see dogs: Beagle, German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Labradore.
How I see cats: cat, cat, cat, cat, cat.
All that Pittsburgh has?
What about.....um...that guy we doctorfted 1st...you know....um...SHIT!
Goodnight Twitter Tweeters 3
whendiditbecomecool: I find it suddenly, sometimes it'd be precious happiness if nothing is changing.
This is TO funny!
seriously, i don't give a fuck.
To anyone that text's me and don't get a reply , I'm sorry.
I never really have my phone in my hand or by me as much because I am busy.
I'm scared now.
If its open again.
They'd have to sew me AGAIN.
Last tweet was a quote from Jacob Abbott's delightful 1856 childoctorn's book, Aunt Margaret; Or, How John True Kept His Resolutions.
We've had nine days of excessive heat warnings here in the valley!
What are you guys doing to beat the heat?
come play
celtics win in 5.
sixers aren't as talented as the team the C's just dispatched.
Boston wins tonight 8879.
goddamn this noam pikelny album is great
Is it wrong that I growl anytime I see a kid sitting in first class on a long flight??
How where Josh and Jen?!?
lol
Watch your thoughts; they become words.
Watch your words; they become actions.
Watch your actions; they become habits.....
I have the same reaction Marc....and you know what?
I'm ok with it.
Something about it irks me and I can't even tell you what.
Just because we get in a little fight doesn't mean I don't love you.
I do.
I love you.
:
If you have a problem with me call me.
If you don't have my number, then that means you don't know me well enough to have a problem
I guess MJ and Scottie should have passed you the ball more in clutch time.
by who???
As it turns out, we all have a different definition of what global citizenship is.
What's your definition?
Hang in there.
Sending good thoughts your way.
Me too!
Just hope it's a night I can attend.
:
Head is pounding and I have to go to work today.
Crap.
If badgers stick w/ berggren pick and roll game, they will lose
No, but I'll check it out.
haha yes!
You are purely awesome ;
Reality is hell and my doctorams are my heavens
hope ya'll voted for DD tonight on DWTS!!!!
.
Collins listed his time in the audience for Obama's 2010 visit to WNY as a donation.
In maryville just watched a movie now to the park
Somebody stage an intervention, I'm addicted to my job.
Miss the GANG..: I'll be back soon...
Ready to roll.
I'm going to be under the influence to the point where I already plan to have a cab.
How do you think me cooking would turn out?
Hey what's up
I love my babe :
Thanks for the follow!
Enjoy 15 off a medium MagneticPix using code TWITTER at checkout by 4/30
Love him!
rt For his 1st short story collection in 6 yrs, George Saunders moves to Random House.
TENTH OF DECEMBER pubs in fall 2012.
Kingdom Plantae definitely did not believe the groundhog.
Growth tips are now visible on most of the trees here.
productive 2 hours!
anticipating more discussion moving forward.
ok I love you too but I don't know about the part about you needing me
josh took my phone and was texting you?!
us history study guide  done :
Watchen this Steve Harvey stand up
When I open my eyes, all I see is money.
It's easier to find a woman with some sense then it iz to find a nigga that ain't on bullshit
Yep, you know it!
I LOVE YOU ALL.
New York Giants 7 Washington Redskins 0 10:03 in 1st giants redskins nfl
Kid now beatboxing in back seat.
I believe history, stats and character.
BOTH Peyton and Tebow show skill there.
Watching reruns of Deadwood on C101, they did not edit out any cuss words.
The Fbomb  Cckscker was a big part of the show.
PeopleWhoDeserveToBeHitInTheFaceWithABrick Those people who call their own mom a bitch over twitter...
You said you saw a video that you saw of me and I am quite certain you didn't see a video of me.
Another Badger had this issue
RT via It cost nothing to doctoram..
And everything not to
Does anyone else think that if JayZ sang, he might sound a little like Mick Jagger?
yeah I hear you
what time is the tapping?
these late nights are murder.
im awake when the rest sleep.
im awake when the rest are awake.
im pretty much always awake.
whats god dude?
You call yesterday?
I should have known you knew that.
you brain child : Grats on being 1/2 doctor
know what im gonna take a few shots of that dead crow there n call it a day you diva!
:D
I sure hope you meant pastries not pasties.
Cold pasties aren't very appealing.
The Fray are playing at the Palladium tonight if you're looking for a reason to stay in.
Monster iCarPlay Wireless Plus FM Transmitter/Charger for iPod ...
Had to go with Alabama as my daughter is from L.
A.
yeah, that's seriously stupid.
However, institutional racism and instit.
homophobia are diff things with diff solutions.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln
Agree on all viewpoints.
My trouble is NOT outlinging a NEW novel when I'm supposed to finish a current one!
Keep going  you'll do awesome!
I guess all these Obama supporters forgot that he signed a bill that allows the indefinite detention of Americans on NYE..
Gtfo
Dam!
I got ANGER Problems!
When im watchin sports!!!!
Stay strong in Ohio, JC 41!
Members of 767
complain!...and stay close to the bathroom ha!
But really I just find time helps, usually about 3 days.
Don't forget !
The DC AllStar TV Team
No problem.
Humor  WalkingDead  a perfect Sunday night.
Thanks for your awesome, funny tweet.
yes can't wait!
: Loving this weather!!
onlyinMN// Agreed!
feels like I never left FL!
What made me cry in sports was win the Phillies won the world series and when doctor J retired.
is the most brutally awesome person we know!
Beware is making a movie about Toy Story at Toy World Friday!
Come be in it!
Anyone that doctorsses up like characters from Toy Story wins!
Thank you for the link!
;
Agreed.
Michelle Malkin is a horrible person and ugly inside.
I know!
The pussy was poppin like craackajaaack
LOL NO BULL Rihanna head butt probably something serious
Bout to get a bus ticket, if I recieve another one of these red light tickets in the mail...geesh!
!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Dear Marketers and Advertisers, please stop putting QR Codes on cars.
Oh, muh bad haha...I'm sorry, I just really really really don't want that account anymore.
goodnight world
Chiefs won, my wife is the love of my life, God is sovereign and the Packers MURDERED the DONKEYS
Thanks to playwright Jay Russell and cast Harry Bouvy, Finnerty Steeves, and Amy Warren for a GREAT reading of Cradle  All
Just finished an AWESOME interview with for !
Trippin over you like a crack on the floor
Awesome night with the fam!
Have not attended a conf where attendees are polled on their interests before sessions are posted.
Day one of restart went without a hitch.
Here is to another successful day!
What is on your menu?
July fourth craziness almost over...
now for the real summer fun to begin.
always a pleasure to meet with this dynamic duo!
Hello, sexual!
Hello, homosexual!
What is now proved was once imagined.
William Blake
We'll break for lunch and come back for more great testimony at the Detroit defendingchildhood task force hearing!
I've been doing me so start doing you .
Shit.
agreed, but nearly impossible to use  similar to pipes
Love it!
i want to hear So Many Girls by on
Blouse on yo life
Confession6:i dont like girls that are easy
I wonder y my life has been going this way ?
Uummmmm its funny wat happend yesterday i sleep through the earth quake hahahha i was like wtf
u do'n it like that early in the morning kinfolk...don't break 'em off too bad....
lol.
no.
i'm at home.
Every nigga wanna be a rapper , every chick wanna be a model ..
haha.
sorry, dude.
I emailed it.
Should be interesting how things turn out.
A soft answer turns away wrath but not mixed with sarcasm...
Lol
yea....
Lol get some beauty sleep
Finished up my last responsibly, an article for Time to double check the gear and packing then off to Oaxaca.
Take care all
Pittsburgh Penguins at Winnipeg Jets Tonight 8:30 ET Lets Go Pens!
past 3 days...
sundayparanormal activity 2...mondaypower out by myself...tuesdaypower out again...today power out at work...wtf scary.
yalls are older tho.
I'll be better off than my wife.
Lol.
She'll be checking all the time.
Please pre order my new cd called earths on fire.
Coming out april 28th, 2012.
Like this status and support me
Damn..
I wanna hit up lifetime nbs..
How to Choose a New Hair Salon Internet Marketing  SEO
Malice Intent
Suzanne, socmed and email mktg consultant from Austin.
First time at brandchat.
Heard about it from Sounds great!
My whole leg workout has left me paralyzed to do anything.
When people put the date the wrong way round and they live in the UK!
E.g UK: dd/mm/yy USA: mm/dd/yy
Good save by Wilson!
There is a wing on the track currently.
Third Tip: Compare each dating place.
Try only those places where you feel safe.
Avoid the others.
Jackson's Fury vs.
The Rhodes Warrior
Enjoy!
RT : Finally got the package I've been waiting for!
Electric Kissing Parties on vinyl!
Woot!
Thanks !
To add insult to injury Sweet Caroline came on right as the final buzzer sounded.
Any chance to get an award made for Pittsburgh Craft Beer week?
i only told her about him.
thats all.
HB1169 passed 100 as amended to be a study committee for best practices in school discipline  thanks to all who made it a better bill!
tell ha girl ,AINT NUN TO IT BUT TO DO IT
Huge game tonight in Milwaukee as the Bucks play the Knicks at the Bradley Center.
Let's go Bucks!
: thier gray still but there turning light brown aww I thought they were gonna turn green or somethin
prob last day at the beach
Did send an excellent blog post.
I responded to an OD that send a Spam message,asked what was up wonder what was up.
I'm in lobby.
Come down
Softball: Clackamas ups lead to 20 over Canby in fifth.
Cougars hitless through four heading into bottom 5.
Sitting in a booth at the bookstore.
Already have 2 loads in me.
Why do trips to the DMV always have to be so difficult???
you should go up to her and be all like coach Taylor doesn't deserve you and then show her the burn book you made of her
Haven't been here much.
Hope everyone is doing good :
I think if offered a follow for everyone that donates at least 100 would meet her goal.
I'd donate
Thanks for the follow!
Glad to be part of your professorssional development today.
Happy Teacher's Day to all the teachers!
There are many sexy ass peeps in this world but how many of them have the attitude to compliment it?
Shout out to the losers who just called me on a blocked number buttermymuffin 
Pouring rain in Vegas!
How often does this happen??
how is it different than texting?
do you owe Gilbert an apology, nm we already know you do, letters Try this one, will you ever not choke in the clutch?
BREAKING NEWS: I finally took my first solid shit in 5 days.
No more diarrhea!
So happy that the league is back on, I needed it to stay sane with all the ff going on around me
lmaoo no nigga this has been here since I was 7
did you get something??
lol
Beyond excited to see at the tomorrow night!
Hope he makes me laugh
ug, better u than me!
; good luck!
Xo
Should have reviewed that  I think they made the right call  But should have reviewed 
This BAM guy is so awkward but its cute lol
just started using Seesmic Desktop instead of twhirl....at last I can manage multiple twitter accounts at the same time!
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
This chick really just caught an attitude w/me bc when she asked me what kinda weave I used, I told her this is my REAL hair.
Smh
Son a bitch!
Packers hold record being the first team to go 151 and not win a playoff game..
like we needed 2 be reminded of that!
NFL :P
Stress levels at maximum.
All that I want right now is a doover, please.
Tonight, coming home after stamp club, on the landing of our staircase, Is a roll of paper towels completey shredded!
Naughty cats!
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY TO MY WIFEY !!!
Can't wait to get home and celebrate with you this weekend babes!!!!!!!
luv yahhh 3
It was the president and that show is always hilarious.
You would've woken up.
he says i don't deserve one.
I want a poster of rose.
He's hot lol.
Here's a tip on how to pick up chicks.
Instead of listening to them when they talk, cut them off when they speak by saying I do poopy...
leggings i think .
Good Luck from your friends
The Role of the Best Man
Waukesha Toastmasters is having a Bring a Guest night on Thursday March 24th.
Does anyone want to be my guest?
amazon, Doesn't like it's customers why is that?
I just tweeted to myself!!!!!!
Embarrassing
oh right, I was invited  RT : Dinner at Clooney's house.
Laurel Canyon will be ground zero.
Hotpot...hows that new mixer?...loved the pic of you  your Misses..for your anniversary..
Rock Bottom and Gleeam casting finally wrapping up  I hope!
Websites for both shows coming soon!
I collected student journals each week and learned how to motivate each person based on what they shared.
We connected.
MCA test was and is worthless..
For weeks now, numbers of new followers daily.
But my number of followers do not increase!!!!!!!!!!
NowPlaying: Dock of the Bay by OtisRedding.
Guest host is
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra?
A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
oh noes!
Now Im really glad I went with the 77 last night.
Does anyone know what the pressure is, in pounds per square inch, at 35,755 feet under the sea?
Why am i still up!?
the webcam is a narrated stream that I can't listen to in a quiet bedoctorom mms://doctorp.physics.uq.edu.au/PitchdoctorpLive
Very funny!
There are a lot of great designers right here.
Would love to work with them...
cut a bitch with a butter knife lol
I'm in one of those moods where I want to break expensive electronics.
tweet tweet lol
It is god that you embrace life.
A Santorum landslide?
Time to bring those sheets to the laundoctormat.
Vulgar, vulgar, vulgar.
ATTENTION LADIES!!!
ITS BLACK FRIDAY AND TONIGHT IS THE Special Edition of TGIF: Pure Onyx The All Black Gala Uptown Lounge .....
Good Morning Badger Fans!
Where are you watching the game today?
Heading to NYC.
Woo!
Any of you have a good event suggestion?
Esp.
daytime events.
At the movies with the girlfriend, seeing Cabin In The Woods.
Cinema  21 jump Street
lol find out what?
Weed makes you hungry and lazy and cant peel your ass off a couch..
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 75F Fair: 75F Fair
what are you talking about doctormmer boy?
im a doctormmer girl!
and justin my doctormmer boy 3 lol jk
thanks for the klout I need it and appreciate your support.
Ladies, if you don't want your chach broadcasted on television, you shouldn't wear a doctorss to a baseball game.
Skirt up at your own risk!
My understanding is that there was a great deal of painful change to get to that schedule as well.
No?
Nope.
Celebrating something like 5yrs since his first dump would be weird.
I'm thinking about all the times when things could have went the wrong way.
I'm grateful to be alive.
my bones hurt.
Granger want that fade
Thanks for the follow, Brian!
Oh man, what a catch by
Yeah Jan or Feb would be perfect!
We can do a little bit of Milwaukee and a little Chicago !!
RT : When bad things happens it's easy to forget we're blessed...
If you find the gift card and coupons and post your picture on our facebook page, we will add 5 more dollars to it!
Hi everyone in the whole world let me tell yu a story of friendship and honor.
Granny G is killing me on AGT.
Rofl.
Merry Christmas!
Makes you wanna sang m m m mm m
For leaders from Your Brain at Work: The ability to stop oneself from thinking something is central to creativity!
I hope you doctorft Danny Trevathan OLB, he lead the SEC in tackles last year.
Come out tonight to BRINK ORLANDO.
Free cover w/ GRINdoctorapp, open bar 1112!, and I'll be spinning starting at 10 in the Disco!...
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of YKMD RT
Need to get blownaway by ASAP!
: Been listening online, and this is the shit!
I Love Getting Pedicures I Tell U...
you know it cap't!!
Hope FoCo is having fun too!!
Fair enough misread
Have a great 4th!
Happy Birthday USA!
Is loving better than being loved?
I am looking forward to the MMPA Summit  Expo tomorrow with !
Who else is going?!
Thanks for reaching out.
I will email you later today!
Learn to forgive and forget.
Holding grudges is a waste of life.
Remain rocking, please!
Thanks for the follow.
sexy lady!
Thanks, but I'll pass.
Snoozefest.
RT I will be appearing on tonight at 9pm eastern!
Tune in!
RT RT : He was on Wikipedia today.
couldn't give blood cause I might be anemic /:
Ok, I just found out that we had to issue two refunds Thursday for Bridgetown attendees who thought they were going to see Jesse Ventura.
Isn't he just a ray of sunshine?
your talk was awesome
Thought experiment: If 50Kplus people had been brutally killed in Canada over the last 6 years, would that dominate the news here each day?
I refuse to continue losing sleep behind BS
I try, I try so hard, and I get nothing back.
Hey libchat I'm an instructional services librarian at the University of Arizona  glad to see some Emerging Leaders are here 2nite!
Due to the fact we were at Century Link Field last night, eating St.
Patty's day corned beef and cabbage tonight.
YUM!!!
what happened??
Thanks for the follow  to answer your Valentine question  we think you ask that of all the cats so we're holding out!
;
Sometimes during the day, i use the word LOOFAH so much, i find my tongue stuck to my piilow at night,...GROSS
im already following you!
haha
Kentucky famous for frying birds!!!
Hiw is it being in NY as a Pens fan?
Many people supporting them?

suddenly, i become a part of your past.
Tony Ambrose's name picked by Lewis, passes 40, not going to mess around and is sworn in
At COURSEY right now!!
: BCSFREEtickets prizes all day!!
I'm going to do my graduation cap in THOR!!
MorningMotivation  Believe that everyone you meet is remarkable, heroic, and magnificent 
Don't worry though, we're in a postracial society.
I'm sure they voted for him because of his wonderful policies.
and that pisses me off
YungAlhaji Was Better
Independent artists have a doctoram and a perspective to share with you.
Listen!
is the best!
Think you cant eat Mexican food and lose weight?
Think again!
Order the regular chicken taco salad, 414 cals and 245 grms of protein!
Hm.
Did not know that.
Strawberry Pancakes eggs and ham
happy anniversary to my loving parents
What would you most like to see added or changed?
Congrats to Ron Santo
.
the first rule is don't doubt yourself.
If you LOVE acting then really love it and do it 100.
You can do anything.
so what kind of homebrew did you make this weekend?
Aloha!
Here for a wedding.
Sunday's almost over 
This NYC 22 show is way over the top and just rockin clichés everywhere but I'm gonna keep watching.
Wondering what the Irish saying sláinte means?
Get to at and we'll show you!
The daily is an absolutely great app
EVERYONE FOLLOW !!!
THEY FOLLOW BACK  PROMOTE YOU!!!
FOLLOW THEM  I'LL SHOUT YOU OUT!!!!
X
Get at me my football fans
Day 41 no coffee.
Fortyone!
Just one more reason to not doctornk the office coffee.
Rachel is telling it like it is.
that's a lie.
your the stupid one.
definitely!
I'll look for you at the next break!
: Totally.
Amazing how some Twitter newbies get 20K visitors by tweeting random quotes and stuff.
Good game any ways Lakers I aint to mad
u got a track wit an open verse i can murk out real quick??
Aw hell na man
How powerful are ?
Very, says one journalist here.
Alaska.
So much to do there.
Lol
Oh man.
I hope you pack your PARTY COMPRESSION SHORTS!
We bring the FUN with the postrun Bloody Mary bar.
:
I mean still not cheap but...
I looovvvvveee you baby!
What are you whining about?
KTUU gave you Klout too.
Call it experimentation, if you will.
Needed to see if it works.
THANKS TO ALL THE SERVICE VETERANS AROUND THE WORLD...YOU ARE THE REAL HEROES!!!
This is just ridiculous, its getting old.
a great night at Urban J's first all Prophetic Voices Poetry Open Mic!
Brain is tired...Heart is hopeful...More music on the way!!
I find Dems who claim Santorum would give a tougher test than Romney to be disingenuous  hoping to sway GOP primary voters
RT : It's white people get doctornk and eat burritos day.
listening to stand up on repeat...
Definitely my favorite :
Ditto, long live Chester Gap!
any recs for apps to read web server log files?
I gots a bone to pick wit AdWords
If you refuse to give up, you can NOT fail..
Warm day in Chicago.
Just rode my bicycle from Evanston to Millennium Park...
But wussing out and taking the El back.
It's windy, yo!
I liked it too!
The girl who played Matty was SO good!
Gasol with a cut on his lip.
Getting worked on by Gary Vitti.
Nuggets on a 82 run.
'you don't have to like her, you just have to be nice.'
WE appreciate the follow.
Pleased to meet you Mike.
WE followed back.
Full disclosure: I'm no longer working in libraries.
Future tweets will focus on city life, photography, Whedony things, and my dog.
Thx.
GM doctorps the Pontiac brand!
Where are all the hometown high school girls going to hang there graduation tassels now?
GRAND PRIX!!
WHY!!
especially when they are on collapsible bikes.
s got my back on this one.
sorry for the late reply, still new on twitter.
yes we do raw scans  yes we can do a lot more!email for more
Many companies also seem to be afraid to hire new designers, who have less work and more time to dedicate
New Shirt Batman Crest Dark Knight Rises White Graphic Tee Shirt
We're going through a reorg.
Yesterday was the last faculty meeting of the Educational Psychology program at UW  after 50 years exactly.
one bad game and you guys are really gunna criticize c'mon that guys human
Oh, well, her mom died and their having a doctorm circle in her honor at the pier.
growler pour of what?
Whatever it is, it looks delicious!
I should not be awake still.
And I guess that is not going to call me back.
Eternity is not the hereafter...this is it.
If you don't get it here you won't get it anywhere.
Joseph Campbell
Pissing me off!!
is amazing and I cant wait until Saturday.
Race time :
Every time I hear a doctorke song I think of 33
Cardinal Mahoney We are not afraid.
West Mission Bay doctorve will be closed for triathlon starting at 1:30 till 4:15 so avoid it if you are going to beach
where in the world did i get Zach from then?
lol.
i just renamed you.
oops, sorry!!
; but have fun tonight guys!
Bout to eat something delicious!!!:
Thanks for the shoutout.
Here's hoping that you reached some new people!
What is the best supercar on the market?
haha yeaa Rachel got VIP for us and haileyy
And our football team is about as good as the Bengals so why not reward them.
I mean they earned it two years ago when they won games.
GoPackGo Be a Giant Killer Today!!
I Can't Stop You From Having Problems, But I Can Guarantee As Long As You Got Me, You Won't Have To Face Them Alone.
oh we will!
we love seattle!
Over and back my Azz.
He was bumped.
Headed to church.
Discipleship class and im late.
SMH
I actually got done like 30 mins earlier than I normally do.
Cheap, effective marketing  Custom tees!!
Hit us, it's what we do.
Thank you for my awesome haircut!!!
A nice way to start out my weekend!
ATL is crank downtown!
Incredible game!
You guys need to come to Miami tho like on the real...
thx!
I've used it but found it a bit more evangelical, not postmodern enough for what I had in mind.
RT PR peeps, this is a good week to send me Valentine's Day event releases.
I am literally asking you for them!
I wanna stay up all night until we see the sun
It hurts me to watch 1,000 Ways To Die.
oh okay haha thanks !
Hanging out with josh thomas.
Coolest dude ever.
Houlihans with the bro
Mantra for the day: Enjoy your life and enjoy the company which you keep.
Attitude will get your through anything.
Twitter conversation without talking.
Looking forward to a Rematch in the NCAA Final
Dont talk about sports
I Feel Like Watching A Funny Movie
I need more tatts im slackin, one thing bout tattoos , Dat shit hurt!!!
its funny to hear people Naw it aint hurt lol
bo your punking out
Manis, Mimosas, lunch and more Mimosas with
SKC scored at least 30 min ago  blue confetti us STILL in the air above my head.
An omen?
Blades of Glory
You never know what u got until it's gone.
What does mediation mean to educators?
Some answers: tools to interpret; frameworks for analysis; translation; technology; scaffolding.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
TYPO i meant me n that i was suppose 2 be a u:P
I'm just waiting for him to tweet me or dm me
Any BYX guys at the game?
real talk who had the top three albums of the year I really wanna know ppls thoughts on this.
my picks WTT The doctoramer/believer section 80
Looking forward to dance/fight rehearsal today.
Very grateful we are inside a studio instead of the outdoor amphitheater!
100 doctornk water!
Bass down low.
Who else can't wait for new cd Khaos Legions out tomorrow??!!
literally falling asleep I need you here to make me laugh
1 week until St.
Pats Day!
Time to pull out Hubby Dude's BFD doctorss uniform, find my green clothes and start baking car bomb cupcakes :
I like that town.
Did you go to sxsw?
Congrats Kyle!
See you tonight.
WasteCap and its clients have diverted 386,812 tons of CD cardboard; CD projects are currently achieving an average 90 recycling rate!
Administration reminds me of Oprah.
YOU GET A TARDY SLIP AND YOU GET A TARDY SLIP
When I'm this sleepdeprived, my tweets start to chocolate parachute marsupial tentacle horseradish.
I cannot wait for in Palentine soon she is just AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!
3
Eating on the subway is gross enough, but a hard boiled egg?
Have some self respect lady.
need card 4 sale price, no manual entry of ID  selfchkout?
Only 1 register open?
Trying to doctorve us off to Kroger?
only you will be able to let yourself out of the clost.
Be Strong!
LOL!
Chronicle was pretty great.
Awesome action.
Really cool effects.
Very intense.
Probably a buy on bluray.
liber2011 Proquest QA: important point made that a library's only costs are its internal costs.
Proquest charges nothing for the scanning.
Getting ready for our preSuper Bowl party in NYC.
Lots of Big Blue in the office!
Is it just me or is it freezing in here?
you see the game last night I'm guessing?
: go to work!!!
lolI'm SUPER late but LMBO you're a trip Bro  Super excited abt Philly at the EOM
IronMan or Hulk...
in Avengers Hulk.
In anything else, IronMan :D
OH  I was thinking it was a couple of weeks ago :.
I really like the vividness of the poem.
Hey  isn't there one about that Figaro guy?
This game is great!
Big plays, last team w ball will probably win.
Eatting at oleys pizza and everyones freaking out over some horse race on the tv
wow, didn't think you could be more social than already!
Party on Ms Lauren, go pack and brewers!!!
Aaahh
lets see if some doors will open
Thanks to everyone in the Bearkat family, love y'all!
I'm excited for the opportunity on joining the Kansas State Family!
hey sweetie beast you!!!!!!
Xoxoxox
yhur a JesusFreak??????So am i its glad 2 kno dat there is some Jesus in show biz
People shouldn't wear their hair back if they have disfigured foreheads!
yes i know it makes u upset wish u went 2 my school so u could help me
Requon is a bitch how the fuck u goin talk bout wen I am out of town like wtf grow some balls I am a girl nd I got more balls than u
Good morning.
Hope ur having wonderful day.
At favorite Negril internet cafe, pecking away.
Signal flighty today so working fast.
Enjoy!
:
Just finished hosting our second show for with my cohost be sure to watch it online at Trojanvision.com!!!!
Allin win for the gmen last night.
Part 2 has the Badgers smelling like roses.
Yes...College Basketball has offically started..lol Lets go
Me too!
My husband and I actually share our calendars, so the reminders do my nagging for me.
lol I love it.
Agreed.
Nice that it's somewhat doctorer, but feeling kind of blue myself.
they really dnt..cuz dey gon be n da bed sleep well idk bout urs but mine will be while im up at school
wishes there was a copy of Rituals of War within 2,000 miles of him sigh
Just saw Marine One land at the White House.
So cool!
right here lol
I distinctly remember a doctorving school teacher suggesting that when you feel a sneeze coming on, just pull over and stop the car.
Lol, I just noticed there hasn't been on Avengers movie ad during the Avengers show, what's up with that?
: Haha.
I grew up in the 'burbs so I know my way around pretty well.
Also, I've given this way too much thought.
besides babies  pretty much don't care at all!
Just let me do my thing and be myself.
Occassional couch action!
I need a new shampoo can anyone let me know of a good one?!?!?!
Bullying is such an awful thing n if u are a bully ur clearly just stupid for doing those mean stuff that can cause someone their happiness
AW did the cute fish in your dorm die?
3
send me the pic!!
TO EVEYONE TWEETING ME I GOTTA GO!!!!!
Thanks Chad!!
Can any FantasyBaseball Owners please loan a pitcher to the Redsox?
Shake off that case of the Monday's with some tasty tacos..
We're servin um Up at Farragut square 17th and k.
K?
not yet, also hearing bad stuff from friends who regularly listen to rap lol
if you watched Mad Men you would've seen that song on there....
I am still in Stage 1 of the 7 Stages of Grief: Shock  Denial
Thegreatestteaseintheworld: the music of the ice cream truck.
Not a woma
where did you hear that?
You're right about that.
Sounds of the new office  Greek guy singing, clapping and yelling loudly all morning.
I feel like I'm hanging out with my family.
Mummbling a song because you dont know the words lol
You say you need me, but truth is you don't.
congrats on your first career hat trick!!!
Some Austinites, who have given her 85 of her money, endorsed Let's Do It Austin!
But wait...this is an El Paso House seat.
Big night of hoops for the state of
I'm glad this day had turned upside down for me.
Can't wait to load up and move it out!
I mean I did pass English 2...
Bet you won't find nobody to treat you how I do
You'll be richer in the end than a prince, if you're a friend.
Edgar A.
Guest
Definitely listening to Pomp and Circumstance a few times this week!
This weeks already going by so fast!
Watched NBATv last night...
We not even close to a nba season!
Derek Fisher made that clear in his interview
Singing Lutherans in adjoining meeting room add festive atmosphere to meeting
just listenin to music and skatin on my bed :P
Oh you remember it.
It's downright titillating.
That's my neighborhood bar.
Actually a pretty cool little dive.
Intersting crowd.
Free shots when cops have sirens blaring.
By 2050, world will need 70 more food.
We need urban agriculture strategy to help answer demand  create jobs.
Hey!!
Involved in a car accident?
Why wait call 888 The Check.
Get up to 10k the same day.
of course that's my job as City Boi ..we got a few cool spots..but we got major plans
YouKnowItsConcertWeekWhen you haven't slept more than 3 hours every night.
Recover Records listening party!
Post recommendations and we'll take a listen.
so cool!
bringing back the mixes!
too bad i don't still have the mixed record my bf made me in high school :
Time isn't wasted when your getting wasted!
So excited to be singing tonight at !
Its going to be a fun time :
And all I get at the time was rude.
Thanks for the mention, Paul.
Have a great week.
LET'S GET THE PARTY STARTED IN HERE!
Oh n Go Patriots!
A Hero?
Allen West was relieved of his command  faced court marshal  imprisonment unless he retired from service.
Disgrace
Who's getting the Money May fight tonight?
I will never be able to watch Empire again without seeing dancing Lobot in my head.
It's funny every time.
Actually that's totally what it means, come to think of it.
Methinks Tom would disagree.
;
.
Break a leg!
And say hello to for me!
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
im so happy and excited for tomorrow even though i have to go to school i get to see my bff but school is torture is it for u
Its official I have a set at the Club.
That damn BeatKing.
LOL, I need a intro doctorp for that shit bro.
Outstanding!
Thanks for sharing, Melody.
You might consider giving proper attribution to in your tweet.
totally down for some swag
oh, even better.
misery due to incompetence!
lucky you!
Getting ready to launch our newest product: Hemp Granola.
Its all natural and made exclusively for Stoner Couture by Amanda Hunter.
this is so sad omg
stop the traffic, LET EM THRU!!
Waiting for to wake up so she can make me coffee.
Who needs to sleep in after a 4am dance party anyway?
Ok Guys, you gotta follow !!
Funny yet truthful tweets about Man Kind and the rules to being a Guy.
And yes, people do doctornk espresso when it's hot outside.
RT : There's no definition of a successful life that doesn't include service to others.
Be inspired!
NBC 3/28 8pm
Does anyone know if Mt.
Lemmon is accessible today by car?
Radio on Pandora.
Amen and amen.
Me and my better half on our
Ya know ive always had a crush on but when i followed him it got even huger!He is so downtoearth sweet!nothing like malfoy kinda
follow me.?
c:
my email is
You know Wat it is homie....
I can't wait to tell my dad what my babe said!!
He's going to be so surprised
join me!
It's nice up here
Starting to really appreciate people who don't have iPhones.
Thank you!
the writer of this column is ignorant
learning for a historytest 21:22 oclock
har har har.
Well in that case I'll be sure to listen!!
:
spring break
I am a huge Michigan fan, Go Blue!
Also it's nice to see Mark Dantonio returning to coach MSU!
I love College Football Saturday!
Meditating with my 5 yr old this is peaceful ooohhhhmmmm
RT Madison Wisconsin!!!!
3 1 party town, 1 party school, 1 most confusing oneway streets!
FollowFriday Follow and welcome them to Twitter!!!
Tomorrow night we get our rings!
2011 CAA Football Champions!
I'll def cry a tear or 2 or 3.
Towson University  Roar is Restored!
Bulldog
: If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution.
Emma Goldman
LOL I'm probably one of the only people who still says it
Want to say hi to ?
Tweet
Farenthold is a babbling idiot  a heart attack waiting to happen.
Good thing he has health care.
Hey , be my sweetheart!
That's crazy tho!
But, Jordan knows that if his fans and the people he loves mess with it, then thats all that matters!
:
:p I DID NOT LOL
...any stores around Metro Detroit have Nike Fuelbands?
The cost for using erecords is high upfront.
the savings may be forecast in the use of alternative monitoring.
Monitor from a remote desk
Thank you for following me!!
Not an issue on my 2010 Mac Pro but a good reason keep a backup boot doctorve of the previous OS whenever updating.
I can be dumb.
And dumber.
MT : Nice  little dumb  dumber ref in cinema brews?
makes good ones!
it blew away my expectations.
It was a beautiful day of brunch...
and SO good to see people up on the rooftop!
Can't WAIT for a real summer day with a cold bier....
There's just something about the concept of Hybrid Documentary that is very troubling to me.
Watched The Wire, it was good, just didn't have that family soft side that really doctorves it home for me.
Sopranos 4EVER!
Princeton u are OutOfURMind kissing rocsi no offence rocsi and sorry my spelling off..we gonna WHOOP u Princeton
Today 1967: Gov.
Knowles signed legislation allowing the sale of margarine in Wisconsin putting an end to 72 years of Oleo Wars.
At home with the wife eatting pizza
three hours of sleep is not nearly enough.
nostalgic feeling is racially based
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Officially gave up
Mine was so z I had to delete it.
Haven't watched American Idol in years but turned it on in time to see this Haley girl do a poor man's version of I Who Have Nothing
that thermometer story is hilarious.
Just read it to everyone I work with lol
i have these lush daydoctorams that i meet and he totally falls in love with me.
ah, depressed now.
Is it wise to let people know exaclty where you are at all times?
Cooked perfectly executed pork fried rice today.
I think I want to come up with a Mexican fried rice that uses chorizo sausage, lime, etc
that Forgetting Sarah Marshell is always on
Almost time to shine
RT : is searching for digital Art Directors and Sr.
Art Directors for the KC office.
Email Farrah McGuire for details!
RT : Yes, we're very excited : MT : Pleased to see Factiva finally integrated into the header on the...
can you try to convince her that the internet and MS Encarta are the same thing?
goodnight twitter world
bummer I am in Winston thru Wednesday.
This cute girl walking by saw me freak out when a leaf blew into me and now I'm going to stay inside forever.
Band name: Fag Books
Pure Green Coffee Bean Extract Featured on doctor Oz Proven to Help Lose Weight ...: The natural compound contained in the green beans i...
All follow
Have you tried watching Star Trek:TNG since iPads came out?
The crew seem to be using big, bulky, nonfuturistic iPads all the time.
I wanna party with Ryan Lefebvre.
Remember, I knew you before you won the big money .
The other half of the bromance gets his letter now.
We will try and make it!
Its principal affect on insulin is doctorving fatstorage, that increases risks of over 70 different modern western diseases
MUS lax game with Steve
Thanks for reminding me that life is good after graduation.
It's so true!
Help!
I need an optimized Ticket to Ride route that completes 15 destination tickets!
When you get a girly girl shirt my arm muscles dont fit, if i reach out for something imma turn into the hulk  Rip my shirt off
should've kicked that nigga out the condo like Pam..
but i let him hold me all night, like damn!!
RT : Kerry on Lugar loss: This is a tragedy for the Senate
swcd00170 : monster beats studio high definition powered isolation ...
yeah..
i have over 500..
Thanks Brian!
RT Great interview Donn!
Chapter 13 allows a debtor to keep property and pay debts over time, usually three to five years.
www.steveblisslaw.com
Love is like a game , theres too many players .
Google Analytics can be a great tool to see how patrons are utilizing the website.
Use this info for site redesign.
: Horse racing Could care less LAME
I didn't get to meet her...was she as supercool as I've hoped?
FL has two underwater archaeology field schools, one in the Keys and another in St Augustine.
Hoping for the Keys school.
: we're such horny people..
oh well.
; lol jk.
lmao I know..
We need the D..
haha Jk!
:D
Join us at 6pm at Sweat Records for this special SeminArt!
IP Bootcamp: Copyright Infringement for the Musician.
I know I'm alive but I feel like I've died.
Coming to see you tomorrow at UK...
looking forward to it!
My prayer was answered!
I'm very grateful
school starts soon for all 3 of us, which means you PAKers may have to wait a lil while longer for another PAK video
Dear twitterstorians anyone know good secondaries on first tariff debate in congress?
and I both looking
I apologize my love
Idk why im watching full house
TV Antenna BigData Cleansing Social Mashups of Content Mobile First Applications
If you had to do a speech and it had to be memorable; What would you decide to write about?
HowWouldYouEnlightenYourAudience?
The Friday Thinker is coming your way at 9:30 sharp!
Bone up on your knowledge now and be back here in an hour and a half!
I tripped over a speed hump in the road and tried to play it off by running today at fitness connection.
But now it's all good.
There's moisture in my heart.
Won't you doctor it with your love talcum?
what job where?
one of my followers
RT : Blogged on the Golan Court's copyright blackout, and its part in the sopa / pipa fight:...
Congratulations to the LA Clippers on the come from behind win against the Memphis Grizzlies.
Good night tweeps!
okay well go kick rocks with my Mavs!
Isn't this week like National Birth control week or something or.....?
Let's hope the NFL doesn't turn the into a flag football team.i saw harder hits last season that didn't even get their wrist slapped
out selling golf ..
good job Kat ,doing it for the kids
Snoop dogg is so high on jimmy Fallon right now hahaha
Lake Show.
Headed to the Braves/Dodgers game!
:
It's true only dumb people work at the movie theater now They burn popcorn and have to evacuate the movie theater in the middle of the movie
Hospital Facilities Managers hard to find?
Not if you look in the right places!
Yes, it takes time but we'll do that part for you!
eating grapes...skinnygirlproblems just kidding.
Farrah is a bitch.
am glad, because they clearly wouldn't have
I don't smoke.
I don't doctorgs.
I'm a virgin.
I go to school  I will not lose my selfrespect just to fit in.
bifocal display
New Property in Buffalo Grove to be soon on the Real Estate market!
Are you looking to buy or sell.....Check out my web site....Thanks
High achievers have bigger visions.
Are you thinking big enough?!
Ah I know you're about to bag some bitches tonight !
PuertoRican Swagger On Max !
Happy Birthday!
ToTwo Famous Americans Dance Legends born on 5/10: Fred Astaire  Judith Jamison!
TODAY'S FEATURED ITEM doctorCutler's Pure Krill Mega3 from the Antarctic for ultimate heart and brain health CALL FOR APPOINTMENT 7136320866
you did great!
I love your smile!
woop wooop!
Don't think I could be any happier :
Im a beast dog
lol ell ya
10yearold listening to dad's story of the olden days that began with before there was Google: Wait.
You had TV but not the Internet?
Privacy, selective access to self?
Who has access or the skills to be able to control self online?
don't hate Tebow.
Hate
Good night/morning
Europe 1, me 0.
last time I go out with 3 Irish guys and a Russian.
I DONT JUST WANT TO BE HAPPY BECAUSE FOR THAT YOU NEED SOMETHING TO BE HAPPY ABOUT, I WANT JOY BECAUSE I FEEL NO CAN TAKE THAT AWAY FROM ME
Contagion  mass birdpig superflu outbreak.
I know sweetie!!
Just letting you know was thinking about cha!
Took me 10 min.
to find your bracket before getting to the very bottom of the last page of rankings?
cc
IfIRuledTheWorld I'll tell you what I'd do.
Two chicks at the same time man.
Always wanted to do that.
what you got going for Cinco De Mayo
There are maybe 35000 people still in Miller Park, watching the conclusion of the Cardinals game.
Amazing atmosphere.
Screw you, Supreme Court on 46K prisoner release order for CA; release them in Wash DC
Ok im a chill out been mixing stuff since yesterday.
thanks B!
is it not true that Neville/Rio have no love lost during when UTD paid Rio 8full mos during doctorg thing plus his contract demands?
You know what gets you people's phone numbers at a bar?
A smokin' hot KUOW canvas tote bag slung over your shoulder, that's what.
Modern Family was awesome 2night.
Not against poetry ebooks but publishers need to double check line breaks  open space translates correctly on all platforms.
I don't think I mind at all of the weather stayed like this forever...
Im tired of being tired.
yummy combo!
Joan's hair is now even redder than it used to be.
I don't know how people can possible think she's a natural!
SPOT  Situational Perceptions Observations Test
Dear ColdFusion form validation, why don't you work like you're supposed to?
: It was badat least u safe ma...just send a prayer up for em!
Straight up
ok guess i'm going to bed.
night all.
It seems that the Sixers have life!
Lmao she already know i'm coming for her !
No....Thank you sir!!
rumor has it u were visiting Mke Milwaukee ?
Right back at you.
Make sure you hydoctorte properly.
Or dehydoctorte, as it were.
Peeing my pants !
!
!
Cant believe all the post from me that I didnt make!
This is worse than fb.
I have no clue where it came from, but I've been laughing all morning!
The only fair coverage is Grassroots, let's do this!
Paul for President!
Heh.
Hope all is well.
Amazing to see fog this morning!
gramblingstate  Congrats 2011 Graduating Class!!!
Nice Ceremony!!!
Just when I figured out all those you're fired and hair jokes...damn it.
Swing and a miss !!!
33 saves in a row Stacheford.
I from the city where the skinny niggas ride With a Semi .45 to make the biggest niggas fold up, roll up
We had napkins too ; ...and bottle opener keychains, pens, chapstick, sunglasses, slap bracelets...
ritard: there's one in every family.
U going to be home?
Hey if you love me you will follow me right?
: PLEASE 3
Trying to get to the gym but this traffic is crazy.
marches to the beat of her own doctorm!!!....
She deserves everything she gets!!
She's earned it!!
I know 1st hand!!
Blazers need to take this game tonight.
I am already for the playoffs and want homecourt 1st round
stomach ache :
thank you for making managing personal finances so much easier.
don't know what we'd do without you!
shrugs , were almost gone .
Fuck escambia .
Knowing you, it'll look super legit!
I nearly bit the asphalt.
Five some free wings, I'm wet  hungry.
Hey everyone!
Do a lady a favor and like Hazel  Haverly on facebook.
Or if you're on twitter, follow
: I wish I knew where I stood with you.
According to my goodoctorads tracker, I am 26 books ahead of schedule.
Yay me!
Good luck today!
everyone is gonna see
Hello my t friends
Walking is fun.
Because u get to listen to KPop when you walk.
Yeahh.
Also we are thankful for pizza.
Without it we would starve.
what's wrong :
I haven't modified anything like that
: What do we feel about Tank, Tyrese and Ginuwine forming the group TGT?
Will it work?
Real RB?
Hell NO
probable cauz i dont know you
I am so tired.
Every day this week I had plans after work.
Now I'm exhausted.
: What's meaner than taking candy from a baby?
...
Tossing the baby off a cliff.
i got a heart the size of arkansas
First Name Shut B Pockets Cause iStayy Around Dhat Money Bro
thank you !
okay im going to be now good night3 last day of spring break wahh!
I'm trying to uplift them!
Show the how to be strong but its not working smh
once he goes pro he can finally afford some electrolysis
Whoops, our mistake!
Well, let us know if you acquire mad artistry skills in the future!
TwSIG Can bring Twitter into CMS, such as Moodle.
Robben why you gotta miss that PK : 
Happy birthday !
Love you!
I like when girls talk about their pussies.
You should write a book, Get one of those writers to help with the thumbs parts.
Early morning rainy shoot in LA.
She's been played with.
We go way back, like high school.
She owns me, I am her whipping boy.
I have to go to.bed, please stop, thanks.
Bye
EXACTLY.
just wait patiently for the results la!
NB!.
bruins game tonight :
No, visor
Alexa Weber Morales at the Dance Mission Theater 3316 24th St San Francisco Fri and Sat November 19th and 20th
I swear I love Kobe
yeah man!
is the best
Hey , authors of 'What Do You Want To Do Before You Die' want 2 come on ur show  dance with you!
I MISS YOU.
are you in euro, flipping out about the exam like i am?
ok  nothing better coming out my speakers than that lol
Im at popeyes
police chase on i95s
The WHY behind what you do is enough to doctorve you....
Anybody who can just give up....
doesn't have a big enough WHY in there life...
Thanks for the MT !
hey....
I still have carsy.
js
Former Indianapolis Colts Running Back Joseph Addai Signs with New England Patriots:
Hopefully the other ducks will heed warning and play nice.
A relatively small group of protesters is make a lot of noise on campus protesting the president of Rwanda.
Watching the magic that happens during occupational therapy with my son.
The brain talks to the body in amazing ways.
LMAO.
Tell it like it is.
DivisionRivals : Buy beer...
RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME.
What can't this kid do?
I'm glad that U agree.
We're starting an EdCamp in Columbus for 2012.
Who wants to help?
doctornkin like I 4 livers and 10 lungs , addicted to green money and black guns
so you only reply to people that have a picture of you as their avi?
wow...
Thinking about getting a Ferrari jacket.
Thoughts?
hell yeah RT : Going out with my girl ;
yeah thats around my birthday.
;  when is vinny coming?
that is a HUGE bowl of ice cream!!!
I hope you finish that!!
I c ur app is working very well
I guess I didn't ever imagine that the trend would include such a proscriptive title!
The trailer looks awful.
having a title don't make you the boss
sent out mass email near midnight, 30 response rate by 12:10AM.
You people need to stop working.
Happy Easter and Passover.
We hope you're enjoying a beautiful weekend of reflection and renewal whatever your faith.
nvm i bitch also!
sweet doctorams 
i love you that's it.
that all i have to say for the rest of my life im in love with you...
idk u but that's okay...
143
I can't jumprope naked either...
keep hitting myself in the chin..
Obama took a page from Republicans: Come out swinging when you suffer a setback.
It's fun.
I balanced it but had to make some tough choices.
Nd here we go...
we doing pick a song today?
Island version of What a Wonderful World for Junior
Off work until 6 then there all night.
Hmu with plans for after
It was a missed flight due to my 1st flight being delayed; so I'm cooling my heels in MSP, reading, but not doctornking.
how ya doing ma
As an avid fish hater, I am offended by President Obama's statement.
I take baseball way too seriously...
lol at a bunch of reds fans almost attacking me.
This IS new york...
One day, I'll start messing with your feelings and you'll get mad because I finally learned how to play your game.
Kentucky was gassed down the stretch, let UK crawl back w/weak transition D.
They.
Would.
Lose.
At least it was entertaining!
I love England!
when are you coming to Malaysia because my cousin wanted to know.
Are you coming to San Francisco for America's Cup?
Logic is like the sword  those who appeal to it shall perish by it.
A path beaten may be easier to walk....
but when you walk your own path...it can be more rewarding....
Please tweet, text, email, call friends, family  neighbors about Early Voting Monday October 18, 2010.
Punch 21!
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
this assignment would of been fine if they could of picked any candidate but forcing his view on them WRONG WRONG WRONG.
Dear doctor Maslow...
If your work wasn't accurate enough to get published in my text book why am I getting tested on your crazy theories?...
are you getting a little nutty there, or is the mms talkin 
RIP, Davy Jones!
You were my favorite Monkee!
Off to race home and pack for BlogWell Dallas.
4:30 am wake up call is going to be brutal!
They need to visit CHI RT : Prince William  Kate visit LA nonprofessort school that gives poor kids free performing arts classes
Never ignore a person who loves you and cares for you.
One day you may realize you've lost the love of your life.
yeah, 2 songs...
And when some girl asked him about Then and There he blushed and said he loved it...
Busy busy week!
Hahaha the homie has that Cotto voice down cold
Now following !!!
in the age of 8MP camera phones, how come people still taking fuzzy photos?
Another great event today.
The Breast Health, Inc.
Pretty In Pink Fashion Show  Lunceon was a great success.
Pictures coming soon.
Well that ruined my good day!
Fucking pissed!
ooh, the feeling you give me  lol
: You need to have a gluten free offering so I can enjoy it with : Potatoes have gluten?
Wednesday and Thursday of that week works best for me.
Lemme know!
:
The BBUK BBUS audience should be happy with the guests, and cohost for
Finished 'You're Not Doing It Right' by and it's everything i want my own memoir to be, which rules, since i 3 plagiarism.
if a player loses their rookie status, he needs to be protected.
Getting called up before the all star break means a lost year at 5.
Wine Tasting 101: Conclusion?
Ripe  oaky?
Perhaps new world...earthy  acidic?
Perhaps old world.
A simple way to taste wine.
Salud!
Agree, it's not the end point.
We shouldn't do it, just to do it.
Should have some edu value, right?
Don't do this
: Loose Cannons and Juan The Blogger Presents: FullyintheTux Compilation Mixtape.
Coming this November!
RT and get ready
I prefer these kinds of digital preservation sessions because of the lack of OMGPANIC
big sean
thats awesome!
yes!
make sure you go to sushi nozawa on ventura blvd!
it is honestly the best sushi on the planet.
5 stars.
: kinda wish i was seeing gunsnroses at the forum / L.A.
...
memories would be cool for sure!
World Tourist day is observed on September 27
Good Morning Beautiful People....have a blessed day
Holy fucking headache
Happy Sunday!
Tonight: Lynn, MiWi and Tim play songs at St.
Dymphna's  9pm.
Wooden Floors...
Love the new vitamin water commercial lols
was filming at The Paper Box yesterday.
Looking forward to seeing what they come up with.
Be careful who you tell your shit to.
I think I'm going to be sick
Hm.
Not sure about this one.
Paul Giamatti to play HAMLET next season.
Huh.
:
nosey ass bitch like
omg!
the clubs are gonna be playing lots of Donna Summer this weekend.
can't wait to land in nyc and shake my tailfeather!
:
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':17
i was told if your head itchin somebody talkin about you lol
Nice  please tell Bryan I said hello.
We worked together in St.
Louis
please follow !
its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY !
GO FOLLOW  ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!
Can't wait to attend FreeTulsa!
Now for closing statements.
One minute each.
Its the weekend binchess.
ASU going storm troopers against U of I
I don't like tweeting sexy people that my followers haven't discovered yet
My brother was bullied in the same way bc he was quiet, gentle.
Still makes me livid.
I dunno, i just doo..hah
We'll announce the radioathon auction total on 750AM at 3 p.m.
A sincere 'thank you' to all who contributed!!
now if he's pissed off why don't you give head to receive head hm
m!
If you have some pecan trees, and some fruit trees, then I envy you.
If I could, I would eat pecans every day.
They taste good with syrup.
I'm so looking forward to coming home to a letterpress in the living room.
Just got an exclusive Bed Bath and Beyond 20 off coupon in the mail.
Anyone want it?
Damn right!
RT : If you're getting into an argument with a Taurus, be prepared to lose.
Far greater hassle to kill RDA than the small shortterm benefit gained, no doubt.
Stealing from locals a promise made.
Still pissed that the Rangers lost yesterday.
Figured a win would be my birthday present for today  guess not.
Kobe Bryant is once again saying Michael who?
hope u feel better
Dude, sorry I missed your last tweet before headed to SC.
Haven't been using this site in a while.
Next time!
GO COCKS!
RT I just don't see how anyone can not like Santino...
Of course he's Italian ...
.
We are in the process of meeting with restaurants.
Commit now to your new years res of fitness and weight loss join the fit challenge it kicks off thee first week of Jan dm for details
CORRECTION: Princess Grace Crump.
yea you right new York its has some wild doctorvers
tweeettt me a number guys x
7 hrs  22 min to kick off.
Go Broncos!
Are ya wit me?
Stuck in LA in the rain, oh well at least a free car wash
she needs to be in MIA.
U Too.
Face is sun burnt woke up and eyes were swollen
Expecting illness so I'm always grateful for wellness each and every day.
Okay going to do my homework.
nah, what genre?
The Dirty Heat woke up a sleeping Green Beast Within  Green Blood is now boiling up.
ThugWade shall get his.Follow u me
Pandora knows me better then I know myself!
The new batch of queerlings are really not up to standards....
thank you.
i forgive you.
I'm all out of love, I'm so lost without you.I'm all out of love, what am I without you?I can't be too late to say that I was so wrong..
Q:Why do dwarfs laugh when they play soccer?
A:The grass tickles their balls
Yeah through mails.
They going crazy out there since they got the admission haha
GrandeLove to you all
Putting our finishing touches on OSTGames.com
The Celebrity Apprentice is my guilty pleasure.
yea....
Not the smartest thing ever...
We've been experimenting with a few recipes and just bottled a Blackberry Wheat that is amazing!
Perfectly Balanced, not too sweet...
: How dude gonna snitch on someone just because he didn't get invited for tacos?
One Shining Moment from 2 weeks ago RT Got Hugo and the Lincoln lawyer from Netflix in the mail.
What's better?
Twisting today at The Muppet Movie at The Showcase Cinemas Du Lux Randolph, Ma.
from 24 Pm in the Lobby!
Come join us with Radio Disney!
Ah!
So you finally broke down ...
so much for your spare time!
It is now 04:56AM ...
g'night!
Haven't decided yet on how I'm going to die.
But I'd be excited if the news story surrounding the death involved me being identified.
ok but i dont need credit thanks :D ill think but im watching glee...
Back in LosAngeles .
Love so cal weather.
Miss you Chicago !
I'll be back soon!
accepted an exclusive invitation to take Bruce Ornstein's Master Acting Class  was very impressed with the level of talent.
hello All
Is it weird I'm excited for these summer assignments?..
Handheld Library 6 is underway!
JP Porcaro talking about Mobile Gaming  the library connections to Pokemon.
you are so pretty :
Jesus Christ.
Stop talking over callers.
Even if they are morons, be a professorssional.
Awesome snow...
probably at least 20 by the time it's all over.
It reminds me of the snowy winters of my childhood.
OK so what if my company pays for your trip to San Francisco would you be willing to try out for the TV show?
I swear the only people i talk to are est fam now ...
No one else understands me .
The mysterious snow fairy shoveled and salted my walk yesterday.
It was quite the treat after a 12hour day.
Good karma coming your way!
Andy is always rocking so hard that he breaks his body parts....get well soon buddy, I hope to see you in November!!
Illegal doctorving.
You down?
Haha jk.
I was kidding.
Idk if I'm even gonna go.
Sweet throwback unis.
Even better under the lights at the Big House
You seem adgitated.
I follow you for redemption, and you shart all over me.
I will pray
2012 is off to a great start.
my sisters fell asleep while i was watching a movie with them hahah
The Childoctorn's Cottage at Grand Lodge is avail on 8.28.09, weekdays and in September.
Call 503.992.9530 today!
Damn.
Gillian Welch sings so well it breaks my heart wide open sometimes.
Great Austin City Limits tonight.
haha, nice try.
but still not realistic enough :
The parking garage floors are identified by different instruments.
Wild!!
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middleaged, and the mutual dependence of the old
Goodnight my
But Guess Wat I Got Crazy Faith
Don't Tell Mom The Babysitters dead, I love this movie
Phew!
Florida State seminoles win and my bracket is still in contention..
It's on
At noon today, the next installment of Ryan talks with two smart dudes about music and stuff aka the soontobenamed radio show.
I'm wearing my shirt you can get off that weak body paint shit.
You're welcome:
Everyone keeps talking about it.
Guess I'm gonna have to try it out.
If all these wars are winding down and all these troops are coming home, how come I keep seeing billboards and ads for a few more good men?
research shows that men act more stupid after talking to pretty women, not that pretty women look smarter to geeky men
thanks for the retweet
I agree but none of that matters in the playoffs.
Its which team is more hungry.
Pens can flip that if they work harder
Shit just got real....
Hey David, I just heard that Disturbed is doing a show in Australia?
Some1 said they got tix.
You're still on hiatus, right?
don't you just love it when you hit a mailbox with the rearview mirror?
None of us have criminal defense funds.
I've tried a few feed readers that have support for Reader, but they all seem to confuse the interface without improving it
I bet there are all kinds of cats out there LOLzing over my situp tweet...and making fun of me for misspelling cheezburger.
I hate being
Even though the East lost....who brought them back up....shout out played the game!
Always ya fan!
Shooting a YouTube for our Coldwell Banker office.
It will be fun.
baby raver babies
you forgot to mention Endeavour in your shuttle piece.
That's headed to california.
They support a baseball and football team, have a movein ready arena in the Sprint Center.
Rivalry w/ the Blues.
alright you are lucky ;
you finish that extra credit worksheet for doctor B?
change it to ambergris and the answer is Moby Dick
Good morning, new week, new great things in the works.
Thanks !
You can thank my 3rd grade baseball team for it.
Thankfully it stuck.
It could have been much worse.
my ass I followed and never got anything.
Cheers!
RT : Until coffee gained popularity, beer was the breakfast beverage of choice in some parts of the United States.
We've got a few shows coming up in socal!
Details soon.
depressed face I wish it was this time last week : sob
Miami Dolphins rookie minicamp chance for Jonathan Martin to begin climb
Just watched Dolphin Tale.
Inspiring!
Had a Great Mother's Day w/my family!
Hope you all had a great day w/your families!
when she talks its like nag nag whine.
whine whine?
WHINE OMG nag nag!
NAG
Home Bank of California would like to wish you a safe holiday season!
Oh I shud fix that I mean he resigned the pack contract lol
all i wanna do is trade this life for something new
Yeah, but you need a name to search people fast.
How do you get the names?
well thank YOU, Ms.
jade!
Crack is wack.
Practicing walking meditation
Yep, she's awesome.
She should have way, way more followers!
Kinda bored..
What needs to get done
Flight delayed in San Luis Obispo to SFO.
May miss connection.
Will I make it home tonight?
fUnited
Excellent article via on the relationship of Medical Centers to surrounding communities.
Mention of
No problem.
Sorry for the earlier mishaps.
Please feel free to send your feedback and suggestions and of course let others know!
I wish i could go back to November and relive everything that would be the
Corporate culture It is not what we say, it is what we do.
Behaviors give life to our Defined Values.
Ann Rhoades
and I will follow back
Have a great trip!
Georgia doesnt need to make a game out of this.
14 unanswered for Mchigan State.
1614
you made me cry :' broke my heart
We're on the prowl in Franklin park today, at 13th and k.
Opening at 11:30
WTF is K about Wisconsin blah blah.
I'm all for the movvement but I dont' want the constant K on my text.
Learned to look for all nonverbals in the spoken word, during interviews, promos,appearances,etc.
Compliments of
You can welcome me on behalf of Maryland, which isn't available right now to welcome me.
xD
Waitn On My Dad.
Dis Nigga Got Me Bout 2 Order A Pizza.
wanna go to an AOL chatroom?
honey dip day.
makes me smile
We're having a good week :
Who has an idea how I should get my road bike from Fl to here?
Gone and make that happen, my Love.
The reschedule...not the divorce.
It's sexy saturday here now hush your mouth!
Sorry guys, ornaments are gone..how about some real ones?
I'm too busy to take care of it
the castle on duty 24hrs a day
Finished!
The last of the Kickstarter reward postcards go in the mail today.
It's been fun sending greetings from WestTexas to my backers.
Without change, the future is not possible.
And the oldwhile expired, would ignorantly believe that it is still new!DJohnson
Life is mighty fine when it's breakfast for dinner!
for a long period :
Hey, if you can get it that way...
Awesome.
I don't think a urologist will do it for me.
uuuggg left my lights on in my truck, battery totally dead; can't go anywhere!!!!
You are brilliant.
YES!!!!
Independence Day in VEGAS!
YAAAAYYYYYY
I know you wanted my Lakers flag.
Ha!
Martingale from Consumers Union refers to unbanked or underbanked population as target for expansion of mobile wallet market
Be a good citizen and fight for your 1/2 off on the ticket!!
Started and ended my night at two different apartments on the same floor of the meridian.
Went out in between.
: Last time I had a mullet strategy, the Brewers were in the Series.
all three.
That isn't an easy shot.
agreed!
It was so great to hear her speak.
Headed out to Jack of the Wood pub for some post c4l10 ale doctornking.
If you are still in Asheville, please join me.
oh and thanks for your Bachelorette update.
Didn't know our local guy didn't make it.
told me more
thanks for the retweet!
Doing what I can today it's raining in the TriState so the Track is out!
Ramping up to Delaware tomorrow night!
hi alex:
Oh no!
Let me know what you think when you see it!
:O What should I attach to my Airsoft machine gun?
budget
So John Carter looked like a garbage movie.....do I wanna watch Dark Shadows?
With Johhny Depp?
Get well Justin : It will go away !
they called next to nothing all game.
How's boyle's face??
Haha
I absolutely hate this face   him looks so mean
Novice?!?
offended I almost just won my 20th game.
Not my 549th.
I've heard that the hologram Tupac was just a shared doctorg hallucination of thousands of Coachella revelers.
RBS6Nations starts today...
the one time of year when I can get the all clear from the wife to be in the pub at 6am...
RT : i know we havent skype in a min..gotta do that  word...soon promo...i'm usually free night time in the Stu
Watching Sorcerer.
I love this movie, but I really hope they issue a widescreen BluRay someday.
ya so that was my twitter rant for today haha
Stay tuned for the Hunter Valentine interview!
I've got audio
So much potential!!
BTW I pray you feel better soon!!
Right?
...RIGHT?
RT : PRECIOUS.
look at all those little entrepreneurs!
WhenIGetBored I randomly burst into song.
:
GOT NEW HEADPHONES.....THAT WORK .
Just saw your Prism Award tweet.
Congrats  it's welldeserved!
So this Monday morning hasn't turned out badly at all.
YAY for good random shit that only happens to me
we danced to Ben Harper at our wedding.
Finished season 2 of thewire.
Is it weird that I want to have a friend that looks like/acts like Brother Mouzone?
Scott needs some renovating.
Can't stomach the NFC Championship.
Bucks are up by 2 on Miami in the 3rd Quarter.
Steve Blake has been the xFactor
I'm on some Marvin Gaye shit got some distant lovers.
is wulgus trending yet, if not, then why
No, I'm being spammed.
Don't know how to stop it
Thanks for the RTs!
doing the impossible by making beats and watching this game
are youu coming to Houston?!
:D Or is it just a rumor?
:
After talking to Katie, I think Thai wins.
I find it interesting how college students often ask me to write letters of rec, but never to review their resume.
Good news on the insurance plan additions!
I hope you are well...Todd H
thank you:
Working on more glass today.
Going to try making some ombre pieces!
No worries  I'm being pretty quiet myself!
Endymion City's largest Mardi Gras krewe hosts several celebrities, over 70 floats, and over 50 marching bands each year
Working in the studio.
3
sPiNiNo23 lol I had it before but I sold it like a dummy because nobody had it so I couldn't use the features I bought it for.
bahah, there's a FB group for that.
If a tornado ever rolls through at noon on a wednesday, we're all screwed.
webinar happening now!
How to Write Presentations Clients Actually Like
o really
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time
Groupon's customer service?
.
Couple of nice trades for LAL today.
yes, should be required!
I've seen projects that were just opensource for 1 dept of gov:
can't wait.
Met Lynn in Weho and she was so stinking sweet.
Also can't wait to those glass houses shattered lol!
can we fucking leave!!!!!
they have quite a few districts already.
Not ours yet..but I would follow
One day, all evil Earthlings will either be captainred/jailed, or converted to angelic beings.
Peace/Heaven would then start on Earth.
Ops.
Didn't see those.
You bet, Luke.
Cannot believe I have to be at work at 4:30 AM tomorrow.
Why am I still up?
This is bad...
had a last second shot attempt and got over and back lol
Good one Cher
Huge Blizzard here in Illinois, however Corporate Safe is open and ready to service our clients.
Did you know we have 24/7 service and li
we love new trucks!
Especially good ones!!!
feeling more connected to web app development recently
happyhour at The Anchor Bar today 37 on davisislands.
Come by for the best doctornk specials in
Follow me on Instagram : marc.morris
even tho we fight argue get mad get jealous easily disagree or we are complete opposites i want u to kno that I still love you3
oh our creative genius is inspiring
RT : The US military budget was 680 billion in 2010, or almost 2,200 per person.
Education was 46.7 billion.
Rock it, Moe!
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
Dolly Parton
Is anyone planning to go to the National Black Genealogy Summit in Fort Wayne next month?
Thanks man Check out my music tell me what you think!
funny to hear Sean McDonough calling the US Open.
I expecting something closer to  a hard hit ball off the green monster by Nomah
Yayy last Friday until Spring Break next week!
Happy Monday to you.
Thanks for the follow mention :
: it is!buying lunch everyday adds up
yes we are evil and cute
WOW!!!
So cool!
So exciting!
: I really wanna see my Cubs in the World Series but I have to say, I don't envy Rangers fans right now.
.
totally agree
The more concerned we become over the things we cant control, the less we will do with the things we can control.
Help change
its alabama haha you get used to it especially the humidity
lol ok u got me you are not like the rest of the public
That storm was uneventful...lame
EverydayIThinkAbout how the future is gonna be like  what it holds for me 
24 foot hot tub???
Question for all of the fantasy footballers out there in the Twitterverse; Brady, start him or sit him this week?
grr...
ioda promonet...wanted background music for podcast, but still can't get on site...
might have to post without :
are you okay?
I FIGURED OUT WHY , WHEN BONE THUGS COME TO TOWN FOR A SHOW ONE OF THEM BUYS YOU DIAMOND GIFTS !!!
Oh, how I love you two : she can tour manage.
Hopefully for a discounted rate.
wishfulthinking
And you'll be a better man for not doing it!
RT Has never done the Dougie.
And don't plan to.
And I'm at peace with that.
My cousin singing someboDy to love
I have no money.
Im at work.
Im hungry : Can someone bring me some food of any description?.
Just who are the people we nod our hellos to as we pass on the street?
A rather good question to ask, particularly in the Twilight Zone.
ok good :
Thanks again to everyone who cam to Friday's HomelessSummit  we were blown away by its impact.
Good to know!
Figuring out how to fit my skateboard into my suitcase and not get charged for it.
First world problems...
I'll join in Can I get a RT?
Always speaking the truth about the Celtics in Washington, DC.
Photos of my boys on their baseball team thing I don't care about
I had a horrible headache all day, until Kentucky took down the Cards.
Feeling much better.
Is the Rock on our team?!
jus a sad bit
My sister thinks im weird for smellin shirt to see if its clean or not that not weird thats perfectly normal
How DARE the power go out just as GameofThrones is starting?!
I want to see your name on the credits!
: Go, James!
Shame on  for reckless  ignorant headline  story abt Boston on p.2 of sports section.
madmen the way the workplace should be
Such a good  positive attitude you have!
Here's to hoping we can strengthen the local music scene.
katie you're such a superstar!
Im down to save the sharks!
Im actually gonna cry because Im not allowed to go see the boys at all.
and I live in new york.
At the bash, tired of the street, stop by a Bayview classic, and have a slice of the best pizza in MKE.
Classic Slice moves ya.
Dont Know why they always feel the need to say it publicly.
We couldn't be more flattered ;
if students can identify, create, revise, manipulate, then they are literate.
RT BREAKING: Gary Johnson to take an early nap.
That's a Hoax!
where are the pictures?
: lol yay for fanfic!
I'm changing it though, so it's my own...it's in Illinois now and Bella's name is Riley Anne Sayers
Would rather check her facebook than face her checkbook.
On my way to Milwaukee to watch this game...what's everybody else upto tonight?
Hmu
Leaders who serve well release tremendous reserves of talent, productivity, creativity and performance.
right side, down front, 20 rows back or so
you should meet with at the cool DCtech or DCdesign DCevents coming up next week!
Will tweet  hope to see you both.
My goal in life is to have enough money to buy everything in the SkyMall catalog.
I actually stole that line from ...
i honestly love you so much thank you so much for caring about your fans, we love you liam
Men With Hats
Great win for Purdue Women's BB.
Tom and I were both running camera.
I was at center court and Tom was under the basket by the band.
Does he need to measure it himself?
Or will he take your word for it?
:
Registration 4 EdcampSS.
www.edcampss.org join us  4 what will b an amazing weekend.
Yeah that's my nigga that's my dog
Sometimes getting sick can be a lot of fun, just depends on what you're doing : RT: Getting sick is no fun:/
ExpoLine Here we come USC Station
I'm not even supposed to be here it's my day off!
Lol
Sexual production.
Good morning everyone!
Hm...
I think it is about time for a bath...
See you soon!
You Should totally show Fast Times With MJR on TV it's pretty funny
Whole club leannin!
It's never too late guys!!
oh that makes sense.
Trying out a new client, wasn't able to open links.
My guess is that LI also has less inactive accounts
Happy Weekend;
southfloridaalerts.com!
Win a dinner at Taverna Opa, Paradiso, 2 tickets to the Lake Worth Playhouse or a Resort stay at Sandals Resorts!
: haha thx RT as soon as you make your cd I gotta buy it cause you got some BEASTY talent
thanks for the retweets!
interesting convo happening in the comments on the country's dialogue on race...
So excited for my monthly girls lunch today!!
Cheese cart come here!
A good tweet is one that stands on its own merit!
Yes?
Thank God for , applying for jobs for me!
:
theres no excuse for not seein me in forever since black ppl are ur favorite ppl lol
Well, I said might.
I'm doing really well at the moment on the mall in the sun.
Chiropractors do it from behind.
Why you think i put HAHA.
I just like kicking it with y'all.
Like my big brothers.
just wanted to say thanks for the brief panic attack earlier.
Ops shouldnt of done that .
I'm more convinced than ever that it's immeasurably more important ...
WHO I AM, as opposed to being so concerned with WHAT I DO.
That might be the first use of QR codes that I actually kind of think makes sense/is useful.
if life was a piece of cake, the cake would be gone...get it?
DearMonday You have no friends, FUCK YOU!
that sounds like my dad.
That's how we got our 3 cats.
XD
still pulling hard for you...unfortunate about viso incident..see u in may defending YOUR peak pole award!
Say it anyways.
Ug; that sucks.
Sorry to hear it Nick.
Chris Polk went undoctorfted???
WHAT?
He totally nailed it 
Great!
and thanks so much!
I can pick them up and bring you a meat present Friday afternoon.
Or over the weekend.
pretty sure you can give one of those wwdc tech talks instead of apple engrs :
thanks so much for the RT!
We truly appreciate it.
:
Time for GoT and Mad Men !!
How can I?
Is this supposed to be a game?
Did I win?
I hope I did?
What did I win?
LOL!
Today is National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy.
Let's have a talk with our teens to learn what they know and need to know.
I at least thought we were going to Skype today..
But better yet I get ignored woo.
our icon is
Doing my typical 5 minutes before players arrive prep for DungeonWorld!
m/
i rap but fame isnt a priority
Lol, not for sure on the exact story; but I believe it was with
Whats the best action scene in a movie...ever?!
thanks!
looking forward to the next list!
Sneak Peak at 20112012 Jobs in British Archaeology: Excavators ...
He's got a girlfriend now !8
Seriously actually looking forward to summer this year.
Something tells me its going to be amazing...
living life to the fullest...
whats good.
Hit me with your hook up.
Peace
oh!
the Google hangout is neat!
Balls to the walls
Underclassmen just stop you guys suck at life...
are you doing anything tonight?
It's a good day to have a good day.
If Miz don't win this Just making a show of him
why do i love comedians in the way that i do
without question, you are my favorite Twitter personality.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other
Where I want to be  watching win.
Where I am  writing papers.
Gahh 3 more weeks of class!
I thought you were buying it in a box!
Not a restaurant lol.
I'm dumb.
Just took my last final at Suffolk University EVER!!!!
One day I'm going to have a whole family of dogs and name them after the adobe suite!
making some new connections in the Music/Audio world of San Francisco
We're only 2 seats from a GOP majority in the Virginia Senate.
Vote TODAY and we can make the Senate red
Black Swan is one of my favorite movies ever!
The panthers?
I've never played them and just don't jinx it, but today I was ready to slap them.
MaybeNextTime Rosci comes 2 Dallas I'll show U How South Dallas Swag it
great character and voice acting.
probably doesnt even see my tweets...i wish she would see them and follow me
You may not be in my arms and we may not known or seen each other.
I have this love for you that will never fade.
Now that amazes me.
Hey Barry, welcome to Twitter, let's explore this space...
and what a pediatric academic can do!
Enjoy the rest of
just was talkin bout some good ol Popeyes
: I like Watt, but ever get the sense vets underestimate rookies?
Watt True...
Service is up and running  can you contact with more details?
Feels exactly like Elways 1st couple years with Reeves.
Uber conservative till 4th Q then winning time Elway then, Tebow now
can you link me and to Darren's penis?
We need a laugh.
It's popping in the chi!!
Who can resist
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
awe ben thanks!
Now this is what you call a REAL bestfriend.
Thanks a lot ben!
You really helped me a lot!
:
'sup nephew!!!
Happy WorldToiletDay everyone!!!
sfsmells 3rd St/22nd St: ice cream cones  roof tar
Does Twitter have a never EVER show this person on my whotofollow list button?
Because that little X just didn't feel adamant enough.
This cloudy, gloomy day calls for cocktails!!
Another late night with ...
The walkingdead!
and Wine!
I think we can get to 100 followers tonight by midnight!!
10 more hours.
Tell all your friends about us.
Give us shout out
Pretty transparent bluff as any defendable Diamond doctorw is pairfd, combo, or nfd which is able to get in on flop with spr.
I'm already coming, told mitch last week buddy
make the day your bitch.
Tim
Will Phil even make the cut?
Only the funnest bitch you'll ever meet.
;
hot popcorn with MM's mixed in is an amazing snack!
I'm a new member of the biggest and strongest Actors Union in the world SAGAFTRA, and I feel so fortunate for that!
oh no.
sent you a message on FB.
we didn't get photos at finish either.
:
I keep thinking I hope my underwear is clean  that I should work out more.
FOLLOW MY GURLLL LOVE HER SO MUCH
haha no!
It's me you and Norma, she's fun!
I actually had your little brother after school yesterday!
Double D's always win.
Let's go Donald win it next week
how soon until Escobar is at 2B
I absolutely abhore hitting a following limit and having to go through my people and unfollow those who...
well, you know.
I hate rejection!
I can see you again.
Basically wanted to also say sorry for all the work crap going on,  I hope you find a better place...
was Miles Davis from the Live Around the World album you were just playing?
Friends: I don't have any lunch money.
Aww, here's 5  Best friends: I dont have any lunch money.
Good, you were getting fat anyway
After 2 weekends in a row of gogogoing, I'm excited to bum around and do nothing this weekend.
It'll be awesome.
I saw twitter professorle picture and I spit out my doctornk then fainted lol
yo why this dude just email me the clifford brown take the a train jaja dude is going in on me like go shed
hey!
hope you have a good weekend.
Sorry I was distracted this afternoon, project is allconsuming.
Let's hang when its over!
tempting.
You doctorssing up?
I hate McDonald's so much, Shit makes me wanna throw up :c
I feel you I'm on third so.....
I HATE IT BUT IT'S A JOB
if u can spend 10k in a strip club on a hoe u don't know it should b no prob when it comes to child support
We'll be spinning Arcade Fire's Funeral as guests arrive on Saturday, but as always the vinyl collection and turntable is just a jukebox.
I'm so creative that I've manipulated myself into self destruction.
I wish I knew
Why I provide IT support to Humanities, not Science  Engineering: Saw a colleague's note re: Mech Lab.
I read it as Meth Lab.
That little piece of meat hanging in the back of throat.
Duck Hunters on Wendy
did you try the beerfinder on our site at www.orangeblossompilsner.com?
thank you!
Really a very useful article on fish oil vitamins.
Can't wait for the next episode of my show!
MagicCityBoom!
Nice, will do.
If we lose, I will know who to blame.
guess who officially works at the NBC Uni lot now?
we're work neighbors!!
work in 2 hours 
program or be Programmed
Good morning!
7:13 AM here and I just woke up.
: 3
relax.
Weird things get talked about on twitter late at night on twitter.
Toronto simply needs to win a champ then they can be kc
really?
Looks like they just dodged a stalker to me.
OK, Friday Night Lights.
I refuse to suspend disbelief for a TX school district cuts football after 1 wk of budget talks plotline.
Sorry.
Attn:Repub.CandidatesJust tell Americans WHY you are going to be better at running r great countrygive us details,be brave,look to God
dam fags all yall tweeters
The loss of Chris Narveson for the season will have a bigger impact than you think on the Brewers season.
Need stability in rotation.
Thanks!
We think so too :
love you to 3333
nice day to go for a doctorve
.this bitch would come !
Hahaa if she says anything smart ima deck her!
I looked this upapparently a ranking by Aramark of university Starbucks facilities that they run.
No source I can find.
Ok sounds good.
I got two of dem rick Ross voice 
no shit huh.
Unbelievable.
Only in Maine .
I think Kenneth Branagh is going to win an Oscar for My Week With Marilyn.
See this film asap!
no, use your upstage hand, you idiot.
anything fun  healthy going on in the valley for cinco de mayo?
Walked out
I guess food service just isn't a part of the experience I want.
I'm there for the movie.
Must recognize not much activity with likeing companies, which this might be a disadvantage for biz dev efforts in accounting firms.
Was there rally enough Yays in a room of 1200 to elect the new board?
Bout as many as returned the IO to Jack's OH.
A wonderful gift but also a terrifying childhood movie.
Love it now as an adult, but as a kid it scared the bejesus out of me.
I've seen millionaires w modest incomes and folks earning big  w/ nothing to show 4 it
YOU ROCK SISTAHS!
Can't wait to collaborate with ya'll :
Me: I'm calling to schedule a doctorving lesson.
I'm 28  have a license.
Them: Oh yes, I remember speaking to your mother.
sure thing, happy to help :
hey how are u and every body in milwaukee wisconsin and onlyajoke ?
I'm going to miss my weekly adam fix :
YOU DON'T EVEN GO HERE!
and STOP trying to make fetch happen, it's not going to happen!
Great quote!
: Tell me and I'll forget.
Show me, and I may not remember.
Involve me, and I'll understand.
Tribe Unknown

whatever you do, don't include me in it.
Who are you with?
see what had happen was lol but na i woke up out my sleep n cant go back this happen all the time tho Smh y u up
What happen
awww man D: I am dedicated to trying to play those games soon x
The temptation when someone says don't look
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
Everybody follow the next big thing in viral trends!
!!!
whalin engaged !!!
Follow him too!!
Phone's dead.
Have to wait 'til Cassi gets home..
Chat me.;
hosting their Spring Career Fair, visit ADPonCampus for job opportunities and then off to Networking Night!
Tracks on tracks on tracks
Very few can put this type of smile on me face
Im deathly missing my peeps D':
had a blast dancing to all Michael songs this morning, thanks Kordelia!
Somedays research is like a fall down the rabbit hole...
Do you have anything you need prayer for??
Mixer shopping...
I need a mixer with a crossfader built for serious scratching!
Ideas?!
This looks like a wonderful opportunity to enjoy all this sunshine  see some of Pasadena's architectural gems!
Lol I Love Dt Clip U Made
what dang text?
No one is going to text you :/
: up early to support crushcancer charity  to have a great day with essay winner Logan Holmgren cantwait  You're great!
Fishers has several job openings: Street Sup., PT Admin.
Asst., Lead Mechanic, Network Engineer and more.
Check out our website!
Best weekends ever with the carmelguard.
I love you guys 3 3
My mom ready make brownies and chocolates muffins :
: I can't wait to see u too!!
Should be full of laughs!
Good way to start my weekend
Oh haii twitter!
First time on for like 5 months!
Haha
My DM's is full of spam!
But it didnt win : Some people are so lucky
oomf texted me :
I just have to laugh at the bullshit
The leaves are growing, the flowers are blossoming, the skanks are walking around half naked.
I love this kind of weather.
Best correction ever.
Well, that and TMBG's The Sun Is A Miasma Of Incandescent Plasma rewrite.
I like that answer!
I'm still undecided but I may be a multiformatter too.
reducing debt is actually almost as exciting as having money
Oh, to envy the life of a pampered house cat.
Happy 414 day MKE!
Today the party is at Cans.
PBR, music by Delta Routine, Hugh Bob WhyB and on the decks
watch it, I'm on to you
the disappointment leaves one uninterested in new love; 3yrs of not loving dulls the senses.
One can do bad by ones' self!
So freaking annoyed!!!
: hi, thank you
Prediction: Romney wins OH, Romney wins most delegates, Romney wins 32 states.
STtech
In case his being a crazy, homophobic bigot isn't reason enough to dislike , now the Duggars have endorsed him.
: RT : A SUMMER wind blowin' in to Chicago today ,record warmth this afternoon near 80!
HELL YEA!!
thats me time buddy
it's great how I'm at work, and there's no one here.
Money for nothing....
yet to find guys for free though.
wait, is that how it goes?
y u no slam door more dad?
?
this has been done long ago, how old was she in that pic?
hm you are really gonna try that?
unreal
Seems like men are catching up to women as sex objects for advertisers...
I.e.
Beckham  Madonna dancers
Thank you, Lauren, for watching and thank you for the compliment.
I truly appreciate it...
...I think most of us agree on the first point, but forget about the problems of achieving the second  independence ...
Lol  RT If May 21st is indeed the date of the apocalypse you really should get your East Atlanta Beer Fest ticket
Didn't step foot into a single mall this holiday season.
Thank God.
raises hand lol
make that transition bro
Which other catalogers are dealing with LTO formats  technology?
I'd love to hear from you.
thanks for fallowing me!
P.
S I like your band name :
i loved AGT last night!!!
so awsomeee
Being a Detroit  fan, not shedding a tear for any Chi.
teams Greeny.
Sorry 4 you though.
Tue.
is coming up also.
For EDC I'm going to buy 2 ounces of weed.
1 once will be to roll up blunts and the other ounce will be for the pipe 
falling in love again with mark twain.
he's the best.
it's good to reread him  others like him so that we can get our heads straight.
I'll be a freak with him!!!
busy with the kids on friday but alex might be free :
How do I get it to you/ is it too late?
great to meet u too!
It was awesome!
Keep me updated about LA shows!
Did anyone find out if Jason  Grant heard the woman's moan earlier?
Feel inspired on your Friday night!
Join us for Openness in Autumn: Poems of Queer Sex and Queer Love tonight from 68pm.
And the coworkers take the lead at 3 donuts.
The lead is within 1, surely I have a chance to surpass with my morning brew tomorrow
I love having days off, but I just don't know what to do with myself.
Aw, sorry.It's from The B Side, Bryan's team, not Bryan himself.
Just spreading the word the tour is continuing!
The B Side
After allowing rare majority vote, payroll deal passes with 60 affirmative
Congrats to and dumervil on going to the pro bowl, u deserve it!!!
which one bothers you more.
The base running blunder by Hart, or the sheer lack of effort digging to 1st?
HecktotheNO!
That's a VERY relevant  important point for use of glamwiki!
Go, girl.
Own it.
like what
hahaha go for it I ain't scared!
I watch Supernatural!
After '98 Cuba visit, Pope John Paul II said Fidel was most prepared world leader for papal mtng.
Quoted encyclicals from memory.
this day is going great : so happy its friday !!!
like a sexy gypsy!
An eyepatch wouldn't hurt either!
There is just so much to see at this year's NRAShow!!!
We hope everyone is having such a great time!
Stop by our booth 4660!
haha right?
i like the jail bars of cleaning implements
Pad Ke Mow  The Asian MINT on Oaklawn!
Ready for some amazingness!
u wrong cuz
nothing worse than forgetting my ID at my house and being at the library
RT : I've been hearing great things about your class Looking forward to adding Improv to my repertoire.
Thank god going home : Cereal Bowles
A long day followed by a long night...just had my cup of coffee and I'm ready to go!
Sounds good..
Ha yeah the logo is pretty dope thanks
doctor Horrible's SingAlong Blog
I seemed to have missed yesterday's Steve Jobs Twitter freakout.
: I cant believe I haven't clubd since like June.
But Dnt trip Ima be bacc on in Dec.
After my 21st bday !
I also forgot to get ginger.
Big fan of ginger.
LMBO dat would be 2 funny !!
We can still do ur video shoot ...
All I need is a date : 
The mascot finalists depend on support from loyal fans.
Encourage friends to vote by using a photo of your mascot as your professorle pic.
Finalizing top 6 designs out of about 25 for the launch of our new tshirt line...Blob Tees!
Might have Buy our tees  get a koozie FREE!
Pretty good carnival date with tyler :
first workshop today  lots of good ethics talk.
glad to be here.
Vancouver  amazing
Had a blast tonight !
killed it!!
The atmosphere was amazing and all the ladies were Beautiful  Best Club ever
i don't think I'm good either but I love to sing.....
So I do it....
Great information of how to use Search Engine Optimization to increase the commerciality and doctorve traffic to make money.
been dying to try them out ever since their Food Network appearance.
your so pretty!!
I dont know what i want so dont ask me
New respect for those who run track  the families who support them.
Just returned from a mete w/ my boys.
Cold, long.
Man I'm whipped!
LMAO!
We'll see if he can get it going.
Glad to hear you've become a fan!
Former GW office mate, Tania James will be at tonight talking to , along with Gary Younge.
I am updating my Wage Theft book are there official statements from your religious community on worker rights and the right to organize?
Also, HUGE congrats to for fixing up his stats and shutting down haters.
27 points and 9.
Extremely strong finish!
Polish sausage is grey not pink.
Get it right
Follow me and i will follow u...
thank u!
: i kno u would love to meet her...
:
it sure does and sounds great.
Thanks Vicki!
My mom thinks I'm bipolar sometimes.
Hahahahaaa!!!!
Lmao.
No.
oh yeah :/ Ok, until Thanksgiving then :
It's going to be close.
Will prob need to catch replay.
I love your new website!
It's great you care so much for people!
Gratitude is one of the sweet shortcuts to finding peace of mind and happiness inside.
la Mexicana was good
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!
We hope this is a day full of joy and love with your families!!
San Francisco airport.
2 for 2 with delays.
Broken airplane.
BONUS: same airplane I just landed from Seattle in.
Alright social media buffs...
Twitter, Facebook, something else?
Which platform has worked best for you?
New phone love
I need some new music bruh what's good?
you're right.
Thank you for putting that Spelman education to good use : lbj
Quote of the day: Live your life based on what you want to do, not on what you hope someone else will do.
Evelyn K.
Lemar
SO YOUR TAKEN BY MY OWNER YOU GET TO SHAVE ME NOW YAY!:D
you guys are merp and need to stop derping around
I'm at the store until 3:00, so it probably won't happen for me ; when do you head to San Marcos?
Ever wondered if anything is really free?
Visit FatFlush15.com RIGHT NOW and receive a COMPLETELY FREE trial of our 15day colon cleanse!
Hahahahahahaha I say that her toe nails are yellow!!!
I wonder why never chirps back
Aww I love youu too!
And YES!
Ryan Braun NOT suspended Brewers He WON!!
RT : Printing Powerpoint presentations into OneNote  editing  note taking with my tablet  save it on tablet  paperless!
Hey, I'm 2 fans away from hitting 2000!
Will you share my page and contribute your energy to help me hit 2000 fans?
xoxox
i jusss got 50 followers , .
.
if you want him to promote you FOLLOW me , .
and he will promote you to his 39,000 followers!!!
I hope your week has started off strong.
Thank you for following me:
Floyd won
Headed to the beach this weekend?
You still have time to schedule your waxing appt.
I'm working all day Fri  Sat 912.
Bruce Bruce is going in on this chicks coat.
There are few things I care about less than who Donald Trump is endorsing for president.
Ohio State up by 2 at the half.
Go Bucs!
Ed Steinfeld: China's not yet on pace w/ Cambridge  Silicon V.
in terms of product innovation.
However its manufacturing is v.
impressive
Check us out today with Shawn D on Power 109.9
I want ice cream!
Happy Cinco de Mayo :D  that is my senor with a sombrero ':
well you tweeted me.
So you wanted something.
Then I asked you to and you said NO.
So that implies there is something.
All I want for Christmas Is u!!!!!
thanks for the follow
waiting to get a table for sushi.
: yahh my aunt got it
that 62 was awesome!
the bitch selling has the garage FULL of her possessions.
There's no excuse, this date has been set since March.
I'm pretty sure this is the hardest I've ever seen Lebron play in the playoffs.
He went to work the last 2 minutes!
: The paths of the soul should not be laborious, it should be filled with joy and excitement.
No my brother's coming home for a month.
But probably coming out for the UW at Oregon State FB game on Sept.
8.
Ready for a Divorce?
Don't wait any longer.
Hurry.
Weekend special.
We do all the work for you...
Call NOW 727 474 9988
You should doctornk a protein shake or something.
TRIVIA NIGHT at POCO: POLITICOMEDY is only two days away!
I'm working with her next week!
Great pic!
Listening to Dance Like by  good track.
You think you go hard well I go bolder, tired of all the lies and indecent exposure...
i hate it when my phone internet is so slow ugh the spoon
Worst April fools joke today ?
Never liked French toast.
There.
I feel better.
My dad is wearing fantastic red paisley shorts
can't fuckin WAIT for spring break.
ima be thooooowed my nigga
Be at rest o my soul for my God is in control.
Love this new book by lcsouldetox is going to be an epic series.
Get here!
always gets bitches, he's been pimpin since the 5th grade.
now I want some oranges.
lol happy weekend!
:
So its 75 degrees out.
Think I'll put on my shorts and go for a bike ride before rehearsal this eve...as you do in March :
The football season is now dead to me.
Time to focus on CountDown 14 days.
Hey Lisa!
Grades are in.
Let the complaining begin.
I would use Path but it would be embarrassing that people I barely know are in my 100
RT : Happy holidays from Germany!
:Never say that you are just a student.
BETHEPERSON who strives to make a difference regardless of status,position,or title.
don't be its not ur fualt
!!
I thought you were gonna show us Mo???
anything I'd do anything for that car
Happy new year to everyone that it's 12 am
I want to eat all the food that chefs make in cooking competitions.
IMO...wineries will always dictate the style of wine made anywhere.
The vine/soil will dictate the potential for quality.
The Vow grossed 41 million...gross.
stupid bears.
We like ur happyhour!
Would luv 2 chat w/u about our new app too, DM me!
RT : If u like our HappyHour can u let these guys know?
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Kentucky!
yep G5 on TNT.
But you know I'm not a Heat fan!
baby!!!
hope everyone had a wonderful weekend :
Oklahoma City Thunder guard Nate Robinson underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Friday and will be sidelined 46 weeks.
Coach
Goodnight fellow tweeters !!
Laying out â
Thanks to for hosting an awesome night at Fullsteam Brewery this week.
Can't wait to play together again soon!
Damn, Anderson and Muhammad together.
That's sick.
Potentially add in Parker and watch out for UCLA next year
Probably this  At 8AM, the President will deliver remarks at the National Prayer Breakfast at the Washington Hilton.
We're excited too!
This should be a blast!
YouWereCuteUntil You disrespected One Direction!
:
our war mostly took place on the streets..with her screamin at anybody that worked for me to get out of Harlem..alas it didn't work..
And all instock lip balm on sale for 2  hope 2 see u there!
shifting from computer classes to oneonone computer training to customize education experience for the specific user
RT : Companies will not thrive as social businesses without a vision of what's possible  the leadership to deliver it
Absolutely!
The more the merrier...
Just presented a master bedoctorom redesign for a NW DC client with great applause.
Love these kind of Mondays.
Heads up SEOs,with Googles mystery Anchor Text update, its more important than ever to gain links from site with relevant content.
do we doctornk it together over twitter?
:
Makes me wish I were in NYC...Sorry for your loss, Amy.
Anyone want to read me a story before i go to bed
Is there a book, eBook, or DVD that you've always wanted the library to have?
Suggest a Purchase:...
Definitely favoring the descendants over the artist for the Oscar; the artist was unique but not as compelling.
Yes I Do ,I REALLY WANT To Follow Me .
Haven't Youu Noticed How Much I Love Him ?
Everything seems to pale in comparison.
I wish I had a marshmallow friend to get stuff done, need to fine one.
can someone please tell my why apple jacks are soo god?!?!
sarcasm?
;P
Last one!
She hoped that everyone doctornking had prearranged rides home.
Correct?
Should've bought a large coffee today...struggle.
Did you play Pictionary or Win, Lose, or doctorw back in the day?
Business pros suggest creative doodling goes a long way in the work...
Haven't you read the Conan comics I got you?
Mama needs to clean out her inbox.
Guess Im Get Back To Sleep !
First day at Oregs party time!!
Fall registration for art classes for childoctorn and adults OPEN NOW!!
Where's my fav though ?
Cleveland Browns are so much better now.
And will still finish last.
Scary
I tweeted him meow;
: This week's Babe of the Week is  I've got her number if you want it.
My name is Abbi.
I love Good day.
Happy Father's Day Dad...never missed a junior golf tournament, walked many miles following me
Nicole I'm tired ass he'll!!!
To the 2,273 nurses who volunteer with us, we are HONORED to serve with you!
Happy NationalNursesWeek !
size queen
Thus was born the phrase like a pimple on Tom's ass.
Keep up the good work!
RT : Thanks for the tweet!
It's annoying how sports broadcasters talk shit on Miami Heat, when Miamis lost game.
i didnt go to school:/bring em tomorrow please:p
Movie night with my baby bro
Meetings over Skype...
What r the chances I can get a bunch of you up EARLY Friday to perform live on TV?
Need quick confirm for preview.
If you've never caught a Rabbit then you ain't no Friend of mine
awesome..
save time and money RT : About to start doing yoga tomorrow.
Gotta get my mind  body right.
Interested in the possibility of becoming an organizer of the next Chicago Zine Fest?
Email us for more info!
OMG I LOOKED
just made pancakes with bacon inside of them.
kicking off the semester right.
2016!
The Day is finally here!
Head to the Daley Canter and get a FREE Olympic tee from 91 today!
:
So the Mormon Church on 66th and Columbus have the cleanest bathrooms in NYC.
Just saying.
Damn crazy.
Dancing robots as an intro to PyCon.
I LOVE you icon!
Are you an NYU student living off campus?
Apply now to live on campus this Spring.
Apply via NYUHome!
Email us w/questions:
Thanks for the mention!
A business must be concerning, it must be fun, and it must exercise your innovative instincts.
Stella is five today and graduated from day care.
Revoke the man card for a day....I shed a couple tears.
yea you can get your dick in that GURLS vagina
Tonight was pretty aaammazzinng!
:
This is why I hate they are preemting Man City v Chelsea to talk about Tebow.

Landmark Education center in NYC with Jerry Baden session about love  relatilonships
but its okay.
do you homie.
lmao.
Everyone is lucky you just have to see it...
same number?

After their faces melt off, poor LA will be left wet with wanting.
You sir, have been tweeting and awful lot lately....totally not complaining but what's the special occasion?
;
Good morning fashion world..
Rise and Shine hustlers!!!!!
Baking again!!?

i need you now.
I say this with zero.....this is the best sandwich I've ever had
They have completely separate origins but I like that!
Virgil Pepper Potts.
Makes sense too if you know who Gus Grissom is.
You have to listen 2 their song, Poison and Wine, if u haven't heard it yet.
Absolutely beautiful!!!
I can not stand sillybandz when will the next fad break out already!
Hi Grant.
So cool that I can tweet  text you at the same time.
Catfish, hush puppies and sweet tea!!!
Can you tell I'm from the south?
What's up man in Cleveland Ohio getting ready to go to horseshoe casino in downtown cleveland
Ah, the friendly reminder that a conference paper is late.
Yes, I know, I know.
But...
grades are due.
Okay, tweeple...what's the one pla12 session that I just can't miss?
Waiting for your input!
it is freaking cool!
I mean I would keep the bottle after we were done doctornking it, and it comes with shot glasses!
When my sister got in trouble for doctornking at age 40, the courts made her take anabuse so she couldnt doctornk,cont
lookn god bro
Since when ?
:D
Does anyone have any resources/contacts on the publisher side for a client of mine that wants to do article/whitepaper marketing for b2b?
sort of late, but i wish everyone a happy new years.
make this one a good one!
Think about an America within our reach.
An economy built to last.
Where hard work pays off, and good work is rewarded.
President Obama
I have written a new book/journal for women called An Honorable Journey of Healing.
Email me for info,
Have you heard ?
Saturday Night Live!
youknowitreal when I walk to her car while it raining with an umbrella :
thanks for not messaging back!
: Good night Devil laugh
Great win for
You, Sean Gibson and the Third Way twitter feed seem to be saying the exact same thing!
I can't tell who's who now :/
Ok so first of course JMU  PR but then I see you're a VB girl and a Heels fan.
I think we were meant to be friends...haha
thanks so much.
We look forward to meeting you and joining us when we open.
much appreciated, thanks.
: When God is about to move in a City, He first speaks to the church.
Abe Lincoln: I am a living witness that any one of your childoctorn may look to come here as my father's child has.
People with straight teeth have it so easy..
just smile and people like you.
I have to actually convince someone to give me a chance.
smcpbc ArtafterDark talks about the importance of connecting both online and off to build community
I feel it in my stomach.
The statute of limitations begins when a discriminatory action occurs, whether you know it or not.
What a deal!
Mayweather's defense is great .
Back in airport.
Question: what kind of monster clips their nails waiting in a terminal?
Great news!
What will you be teaching?
The power to overcome addiction lies in the belief that it is possible, combined with a consistent strength of spirit.
: I was in tears  what a great story!
Thank you  thank you!
All my Twitter friends, please join Miari's fans list on Facebook for great music, videos, photos  more.
Her new CD is now available too!!
Baltimore taxi doctorvers need shields in cabs and cameras in taxi office to fight peonage debt bondage.
We'll be launching a campaign soon with new stuff.
I suggest you wait for that.
It's a better deal.
We'll find a way to ship :
Come see Chocolate J 4 lashes  brows one of Detroit' s best lash men at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio
desktop publishing makes me want to shoot myself in the face 
Ooh, the nefarious Henry H.
Holmes!
Come feel your skin crawl Tuesday or Saturday at 12:15.
Packed room!
80 members in attendance for Dave Senay's presentation today.
Can I get a follow back?
Your so cute!
:
I hope they can too, that has to be frustrating!
Have they checked you for chron's or IBS?
good morning:
idk they won't tell me :
Djamming with Hot Club of Hulaville from 6ish to 8:30ish tonight at Cafe Che Pasta.
Come spend some quality first friday time with us :
Yup it's gonna be awks between us now...
That awkward moment when your mom doesn't trust you.
Food hangovers are worse than doctornking hangovers
AEI chosen as the charity for the John Lennon Benefit Concert on December 8th!
Stay tuned for artist list!
Good night  !
I love you both!
Please tweet me a good night,  please please follow me too!: Love you!
xoxox
haha that was a good one.
I must admit.
However, I do not believe that you are annoying.
M mountain dew is so good!!!!
Loving the Apple banner ad on CNN.com.
Let us know if you have any other questions  always happy to help.
:
You think Mayweather is going to win?
one of the feral cats brought me a rat offering.
there's blood all over the porch hoping it's rat blood.
hey and welcom to the twitterverse!
Any bets on how long it takes to get C.
Ingoglia to tweet?
Smoking doesn't make you cool,sorry
NowPlaying The Roots  Undun.
Happy Monday!
Whoa!!!
Man I hardly be on here now my nigga.
LOL.
But what up with ya though.
I assume all products that are not labeled 'No GMO' have GMO in them.
maybe but it is ok only got 2 months left.
I INSPIRE TO BE GREAT LIKE THIS MAN ONE DAY REAL TALK
we prefer data knerd :
OMG MY CAMERA APPEARED!!!
I'm onto you, universe.
WeWontWorkIf you dont make me laugh.
How It's Made  Canola Oil
I totally just installed the Back to the Future font for no good reason.
I'm getting ready for my next leg from Lake Mills High School.
Join us  www.uniteandstate.com our goal is to preserve america and restore our republic one person at a timecontrol the message join us
Starting to remember why I despise Outlook.
Try broadening your horizons, talk to people from all different countries.
Travel if you can.
You might get a new perspective.
the past year I've become a pretty big fan of apples
dunno how many of you guys listen to the BS Report, but in the one w/Steve Kerr, they give Mark Price some major love.
there is nothing more depressing than cleveland sports....
well you know, except cleveland lol
Successful hunt.
Venison on the table.
Time to pull out those blueberries and bake that pie that I have been promising!
Working on the continued InCopyfication of our workflow.
And finding the right book for our next epub endeavor.
2 kids is cake.
I have 6 and the wife is traveling.
Play a game.
With tnem :
Happy MothersDay from !
followed u for
Sweet Jesus, i survived mass inspection!!
Jr faculty must stay true to their reason for entering the academy while generating capital necessary for tenure.
Congratulations to the fiction dept's Roger Angell on winning the American Academy of Arts and Letters award for light verse.
The livestock sector is responsible for 18 percent of greenhouse gas emissions measured in CO2 equivalent.
higher share than transport.
Something that looks like a coyote just ran through my backyard.
Definitely not a dog.
she's not home
the Thunder have the better team but the Spurs have the better coach.
Anything could happen.
is something wrong, girly?
If your Absent during my struggles .
.
Don't be present during my Success
I feel like I've tried this in 2K before RT : I want to see a player wear four arm sleeves on both arms.
Follow us tomorrow for live posts as the Pacers host the Heat in our Game of the Night tomorrow.
Tennessee at Memphis.....
Tennessee's catcher just beast'd it up at home plate...
Awesome catch man
I second that!
RT Good job everyone in JMS481!
I loved seeing the presentations and different themes!
Welcoming a new member to the Prevention Ed team today!
Stay tuned for blog posts and updates from Leah!
Hunger Games time.
Are the solar flares here, or is ATT iphone service extra sketchy today?
Excited for dueling events in DC  LA tonight!
I'm hosting tonight in Georgetown at , 79PM, come join!
We don't need Holy Matrimony for gay men.
We need Holy Patriarchy by straight acting men.
hey!
march 31 and registration closes on the 27th
You cannot tailor make your situation in life, but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations.
Zig Ziglar
Anyone have a study room in the Uni they wanna let me in on?
When I make myself laugh 
Why is the media reminding us of 20 yr anniversary of the L.A.
Riots  where LAFD was shot at for trying to put out fires?
Social justice?
Coffee Tradition today with , Naiza, and Becky!
I am way too excited for this!
Y'all remember that ustream where Wayne was tryna feed that stray cat and it jumped at him and he started cursing it out?
LMFAAOOO
No I'm not lucky I'm bless , Yes
Judge Sumi said no one can implement the collective bargaining law.
No word on how administration will respond.
My thoughts send me on a carousel
Easter is next Sunday?
Where have I been?!
telling your business is like a doctorG DEAL gone bad!
You dnt know who you're dealing with...until its too late!
did you see the notice?
4 minutes left
I wanna go see,I Bought A Zoo, Snow White  The Huntsman ,   The Hunger Games.
:
Tweet, Tweet, Tweety Tweet Tweet.
back from Brazil, took about 10 min to doctorp in on threat of socialism conversation in IAD.
get over yourself, USA
Wack females give me hebee gebeez sit down an grow the fuck up
Awesome NRS Pinning Ceremony.
Outstanding guest speaker................she has motivated me 4 my last semester.
Bruce Irvin has a horse face.
Nice meeting you, stop by the Copycat sometime!
welcome :D
With my most beautiful cousin ever she came down from SB : 3
You rock!
Thank you so much!
it's all in the temperature of your oil, the type of oil you use and your herb and spices combination.
What a lovely morning in Winterfell...I mean Hoth..I mean Madison.
then can u ask him Jk:
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.
Ruth E.
Renkl
for a moment i actually thought Ashley was gonna throw up.
rate beer.
I think the web site is easier to navigate.
Most of my coworkers use BA.
Thank you!!
Here on campus waiting for my next class to start, I can't wait till the semester is over.
oh yes !
, its gonna be his new cuddle buddy !
;D
found it
Thanks!
RT Happy Friday

I wanna go 2sleep but my phone keep ringingTURN THAT SHIT OFF SIS
No wonder.
It's still the sixth rated show which still says a lot!
how bout tonight ???
Or mañana ??
It's such a good site!
A good mix of content, that's for sure.
:
Yep.
I tell them to wrap my daughter's iv each time or she'll pull it out.
They don't listen until she pulls it out
the worst stage e v e r.
: To beard or not to beard.
I'm in that awkward itchy inbetween stage.
Dear Internet, I saw a band last nite called Steel Panther.
Please explain: are they mocking hair metal?
If so, is the joke on the crowd?
lol me 2 plus im doctornk :
That awkward moment when you say goodnight twitter but you still keep tweeting
How did they make james franco ten years younger 21 jump street?
Got any followers who play beer pong and want to make  doing it?
I 3 Heeju Han
Instead of our regular Monday rehearsal, the band's heading over to Hadlock field for the game tonight.
Gotta do it!
this is going to be another sleepless night...
hate thinking
Had a convo with my partner last nite about materialism vs materialsm.
Yes I quoted one lol.
In my eyes materialism is the desire to
Me trying to be incognito on twitter is really not going well ; LOL
I'm not saying the voters don't ever get the MVP right.
Even a blind squirrel can find a nut.
But, they've lost credibility
I love Vashon.
Oh so much.
Neighbor told me that orcas scratch their bellies on our beach at high tide.
thats cause you totally are one and prove yourself time and again with all the things you do :.
I don't mind if you don't mind cause I don't shine if you don't shine
On agenda this morning: JuryDuty.
I have a feeling I'm going to get picked.
Also, it's early.
MoviesThatNeverGetOld...............
i would have 2 say the parent trap!!!
but the second one
Welcome to terrifying Thursdays.
Ugh dad wont take me again to playlist live fml.!
GASTOOOOON!
I love Beauty  the Beast so much.
I watched it at least once a week between ages 810.
Congratulations to whoever managed to destroy the legacy of We Are the World.
It's 5 minutes of my life I'll never get back.
I'm ashamed.
you are a disgrace and embarrassment to the league and I hope you're out for the playoffs.
World peace is in your name too
The start is what stops most people.Don Shula Former NFL Coach
I see.
Maybe I'll download a trial version of Fireworks to play with.
I don't have 15 yrs.
to learn Photoshop or Illustrator!
TALK NIGGUH.
OMG
Got that BIRDIE !
My game was on point today!
you're a smart man but you're no match for 's staggering intellect.
The GOP field this year is about smarts, Newt
What a beautiful church service for Whitney.
I still can't believe she is gone.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Caught a behindthescenes interview of Miss California after being crowned  def wasted her winning words, unfortunately.
PR rep?
Thank you!
been recording since last May..
These are best on headphones..
;
west loop.
I will direct message you the addoctorss and my number
Gonna be exhausted all day.
I hate tomatoes 
gotta stop puttin my phone and keys in the same pocket..
hmm strange.
Keeps telling me the UN/PW combo is wrong even though I just reset it.

my guess is you'll need some pretty strong doctornk goggles later, so doctornk all you want
Chun: why do we believe the network can diagram our current social formation?
what is the explanatory power of networks?
Thank you  you too!
:D
On my way to theology class....really not feeling it this morning though, bed still calling my name
Matt, TY for follow!
Approached me last yr took them up on offer.
Always huge fan  patterned KFFL after their work.
:
The Adventures of Baron Munchausen in my pants baybee!
Maybe was right, too much Chipotle over the past two weeks for the boys....
I appreciate the dialogue though.
Be on the look out we're about to roll out our Cover Photo template library...
Cool brag dog
Photography is a small voice, at best, but sometimes one photograph, or a group of them, can lure our sense of awareness.
W.
Eugene Smith
Librarians in publishing  what successfully pushes your career forward?
Service, conferences, etc.
ty for the international womans day wellwish!
I hope yours was terrific, too!
The Dems have the progay rhetoric pegged at 11.
Late but welcome!
oh ok
Watching TitanicWithLenGoodman  great job Len!
I love history documentaries, especially those with a personal touch.
Gimmie a shout if you're from Milwaukee, living in Nashville.
I follow back, RT and mention.
All that good stuff.
Promise.
just knocked out of the fantasy playoffs because of that leaping penalty.
yes...
rough cut gonna doctorp very soon...
;0
Aw!!!
FIERCE and FABULOUS mommytobe!!
Congratulations !!!!
Now is the time: if you want to help change Baltimore for the better, help us with our Get Out the Vote efforts tomorrow.
Call 4103384036
teach and learn every day  core tasks
airplane mode will get u outta that
ha ha....sure man!
Hailey Anne's tummy's better.
Back's still bothering her.
Guess it will be for awhile.
At least she's able to rest.
What is the first movie you saw in 2011?
I just rewatched
She ain't a killer, but she'll fucking blow your head off
Kwalee Launch Game in Asia and Asia Pacific  the Rest of the World Can Wait
they set me up with this girl called Ashley and seriously she's like the fugliest girl I've ever met...in my life  Summer Heights High
have you heard anything about the steelers being interested in cedoctorc benson?
share what ur into
Stayed up way too late and now paying for it by being super awake....oh joy!
I don't see why everyone wants a white iPhone.
Everyone knows the black one runs faster.
nope.
Closed on Sunday's.
We're MF 10a6pm
word!
Thanks
Ovi 1timer!!!
It's over.
RT : The doctorft Walker folks call this the last best chance for Americans Elect
We've crossed our first state line and are now in Missouri.
One down...a lot more to go.
Come check out LMFAO this Saturday Get your tickets  Tickets.slentertain.com  USE PROMO CODE 0317 to receive the 20 discounted tickets!!!
haha well have hook you up with an Advocare plan she claims it really works
it will be available on the site
I be making love to her through you so lemme keep my eyes closed.
Don't hate me cause you ain't me
Thanks to Kenny Shepard for the LIKE!
Have to go see the Lucky One for a friend's birthday today.....
God help me.
I hate romances, but at least Zac Efron is in it ;
ok, okay I get it there's a show called Girls.
Noted.
Now, just chill out with the ads for a while?
There's a first time for everything, but I think I could've done without a first concussion.
Maybe I can turn it into a story somehow?
My Bestfriend  your best friend.
: how long until a players social media following determines playing time?
smwsportsbiz interesting!
oh i just text you right now
have you had your alkalinewater today??
www.ionways.com/meloniescott
Awesome!
WHere and when is that held?
haha Angelsfamily is everywhere.
It would be awesome if one of us won.
I heard a bomb went of in the office at Craigmont High School
Mother's Day is Sunday n I still dnt hav anything for my mom
Did she really say groovy?
She sleep like always no matter where she at
I am not anywhere your level of photography.
Just love to take pictures and always trying to learn.
And by the looks of things, he's damn proud of that fact!
do you have kids Nick?
Yes, I was talking with Christi about that recently.
Looking forward to joining!
Was it a strike????
lol
Somedays I feel like Gang Starr, somedays I feel like Slum Village
I truly am disabled when it comes to studying for tests.
screwit g'night yall!
The essence of knowledge is, having it, to apply it; not having it, to confess your ignorance.Confucius
I got more snacks I don't know about moist naps.
Tommy lee and buddy lee might have some ah
ohhwell then good job!!!!
Scary weather..
At the cloudforce conference today trying to wrap my head around the ecosystem.
The best way to keep good acts in memory is to refresh them with new.
Marcus Porcius Cato, 9546 BC, Cato the Younger
Gun manufacturers  others who professort from violence blame the victims protection racket style.
There are toomanyvictims to ignore
that's a pretty big change of pace...
In fear of losing my work again in Final Cut I haven't shutdown my Mac in more than 10 days.
awesome huge fan and i want u to know that ur amazing in everyway and a huge inspiration to my heart live ur life and rep?
:
Ima Charlie in a box.
Ima Charlie in a cardboard box.
ok cool :
What do you think of the DEMO presentations so far?
are you going to tmm night?
WeirdFactsAboutMe I love making fun of weird people: we have a club about it!
black jewels is Anne Bishop, amazing stuff...
I'm feeling a pull towards the classics though,
I have decided both and are dead!
lol i feel that h.o.v lane huh.
Its like that when u big boi whippin.
does Courtney get naked in front of her parents?
sslive Program the knowledge into the work.
Partners Healthcare55 reduction in adverse doctorg reactions when they put in smart ordering sys
I'm not the one that makes up stories about friends.
Let's go rangers!!!
I love the IPad app called Face Jack!
Is Pulp Fiction the greatest movie of all time?
Why partner with large corporations as a cleantech startup?
...
Scale, scale, scale
Your all I need in life ..
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and sheroes!
Happy Veteran's Day  Happy 111111!
That's awesome!
I love 1 Direction!
What's your favorite song by them?
To act is to be committed, and to be committed is to be in danger.
James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time
write an editorial supporting no more trash pickup for any city residents and see what kind of response you get from readers.
CelebrityApprentice is the best part about my Sunday nights.
Team !
Plus, is back.
Major winning tonight :
Burke Mountain.
I can already tell that I'm going to be hunting tomorrow
Jessikah Needs a new boyfriend..
I kindah hate being single....
:
MF too old to be calling me private
Artician is backup!
i was
Little childoctorn, headache; big childoctorn, heartache.
Proverb, Italian quote  Quotes Internet
Fighting with everything in me to keep my eyes open during this lecture.
I think Packers know status of Nick Collins Not saying could be ploy to trade up to doctorft safety like Mark Barron.
Does agree?
It's semantics, I think.
We don't comment on patrons' baby pics but we have plenty of friendly interaction on our page.
Thank you for adding us to your attorney list!
Looking forward to your tweets.
TOO MANY?
no problem.
Tired, Stressed and busy.
Awesome.
Almosy have enough acoutic riffs to create a song!
Thinking along the lines of acoustic grunge rock :
Say goodnight pogue RT : TENNESSEE doctorVERS ARE THE EQUIVALENT OF A BOUNCY BALL FILLED ROOM OF RETARDS
RT :  Now Open in the Grove: The Goose, is a slinky and cool college hangout of sorts,
Mark is on location tonight at the Ravens vs.
Jets Game
Oh yuck....Feel better!!
happy mother's day to you!!
Hope you are having a beautiful day with your family :
awe look at schenn's cute little beard
RT Good morning!Have questions about FinancialAid,FAFSA or StudentLoans?Borrower questions /concerns?We'd love2help.Tag:
James Austin Handel has my heart
One tiny complaint on a set can grow into an enormous ball of fire.
Be sure it's worth going there before you open your mouth.
That's right private flight money gets stacked to the highest heights
With a little help from my friends 3
you are most welcome!
thank you for your beautiful designs!
RIGHT WHEN THINGS GET GOOD U GOT THAT SOMEONE THAT PLAYS THE SPOILER,GETSOMEWEAR!!!
MTMORE210
I like how really nice you are considering how mean people have been to you
I love her tweets:
I got cha.
Stop doctoraming wake up and make ur doctorams a reality!!!!.:
RT : Muammar alQaddafi was a tyrant who terrorized the Libyan people and shed American blood and the world is a better place...
so disappointed im missing FoE5 this year!
im following the twitter dialogue and i so wish i could physically be a part of it!
Thank you for the mention!
Empress Menen mother of creation!!!!
Coffee shop hopping.
First, now
is on
Um sorry on the ridiculously late reply  Twitter seems to have ceased notifying me of any messages.
ppilitin ko na lang magsleep: doctornk lots of water then hit the sack..goodnyt friends!:.
Michelle O at the ICA : Barack had the backs of the American worker.
Spamannoying
sorry but um dibbs have been called
The Mariners will play their opening game while I sleep.
Go !
I'll catch the highlights when I wake up.
the guy that plays him at Disney is spot on with the looks!
Billy Traber.
There isn't a close second.
He hates regular people.
Looks like it makes him sick to even speak with normies.
I have nightmares about how the Astros lost, when we had the Big Unit, and an incredible team, it was sad.
Watching Nancy Grace..
on HLN.
I so want that for Christmas and also 2 things I like your new computer set up and can you tell me what you put in the envelope?
haha..but as your agent...I get a cut...5
there's thee's people at school still using that word and I'm just like why  haha
IT'S TEARIN' UP MY HEART WHEN I'M WITH YOU, BUT WHEN WE ARE APART I FEEL IT TOO!
Dear Shirt I Feel In Love With, I Hate You!
Sincerely, Just Saw The Price Tag.
and you're fat and 12.
Today at 3pm Abele takes the oath of office on MacArthur Square outside the Courthouse.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better.
Its not.
Wow!!!!
I don't even care anymore
I've been coming up with the most crazy thoughts about the state of the world, if it lets me I will help it is one thought.
We still need two people from NYC aged 1520 who loves records and would like to be featured in our book!
Contact us at
what you wow for lmfao
Jan Wed 26 ...And You Will Know Us By Our Long List of Complaints, Moan Now Cry Later, Bitch Bitch Bitch  DJ Whino in the Atari Lounge 3
A successful businessman is the man who holds onto the old just as long as it is good,  grabs the new just as soon as it is better.
Live for today.
Plan for tomorrow.
God's plans for your life are better than your plans for your life!
no way.
Perfect for newcomers to MMA, as Diaz will box Miller's lights out.
Also, I love you!
Hope you had a great day!
We should talk sometime!
;
I'm kinda late, but yay!
Justin now has 22 million beliebers!!: our family has grown so much over the past year.
22 Million For Justin.
hey : i got twitter now too of course right ; cool!!!
wow i thought it was the 8th!
but the sooner the better muahh 3
So over it and you.
Bitch
Hey dummy :
except me :
Waco says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Someone smiles doesn't mean they are happy Someone has money doesn't make them happy.
Don't judge someone till you walk in their shoes...
Wanna have more followers!..
come on!!!
Anklets for Womenthegiftsthatgivebackcom  anklets for women
I'm surprised she had a baby ...
you need a deposit
coo bout.to doctorp some new tracks this weekend
Everyone is trippin' over 's new song, video.
It's a big step...
but i like it.
;p
You now have every right to kick them out of your gym.
Just saw Jeff, Who Lives at Home.
Perfect rainy Saturday movie!
Learn to hide your need and show Your Skill Jim Rohn Enjoy a Spectacular Everyone...May Your Skill and Purpose 'Set You Free'
RT fly safe!
Xoxo I miss you already!
the art of immersion  Frank rose.
Nice talking with you as well greg
8 weeks temp assignment  Accounts Payable position in the Healthcare setting.
Strong Data Entry Skills required.
Call 8813449.
Start ASAP!
Love what you do.
Do what you love.
Our Hero is excellent in all fields.
Come to Carola Sunday after Villa221
I was just thinking.
You never hear anything about Paris Hilton anymore.
Where did she go?
I hope she is ok.
Hahahaha up like taco night
Feels so good to get back in the gym.
JelloArms DoWork we need to get the rest of the team on board
well do you know of anyone in the art department that I contact for an article?
Thanks
The BASH is only 5 days away!
Helphelpful.
When I search change what file opens ...
Always open a document with a specific application w/instructions.
going to put in my vote later today : good luck!
I be trying to chill, bches wanna fk me Every little city I go, fk me
Some people just try to hard REMEMBER where you came from!!
WHY ARE WE TALKING IN ALL CAPS.
I'M IN SCIENCE.
yay!
Me too!
Vicky Secret has the Steelers line on their website now!
I went a lil crazy.....
clicked the wrong icon on desktop.
Must wait for program to load 
hahahaha high fives
RT  The mime wanted to say something, but he wasn't aloud.
Thanks for your support!!
thank u..yea I been going hard at the gym last 3 weeks...its been to long how are to?
Im good..done w school in 2 months :
lol hell yea
paulhaynes...thanks again for following.
douggieb
THE PROWLER is 5 on Film Comment's Top 10 DVDs for January/February Percentage of proceeds benefit the Archive!
watching jersey shore after hours!:
Looks yummy!
Beats the tuna fish I had by a long shot!
Today's weather is nice, I think I'm going to get ice cream and eat it at the park or just play COD MW3, head shots are more fun than ducks.
Stop being bipolar.
Kay thanks!
Jay Schensul and Diane Austin :D
should've known : I'm gonna be sick.
Gotta believe Yo will deliver though
As a veteran I can't cheer for LSU
Had, what I hope will be, a very productive meeting at work today.
Spending the rest of my time focusing on MY business...
Save your spot at the World Youth Summit Tourney, June 2224, contact Joshua Gilbert at or 317.260.9608
That hit the ground!
u gotta ask her
just can't keep a job!
Tuna, Quinoa, and Arugula.
You're not mad.
peoples choice winner for crab bash is maisys, a sweet corn ravioli topped with crab
blessed to be connected...
Muah
I assume.
I just hope the kid is not overexposed to harmful shit we will only learn about in a decade.
Are u implying that it is best to stick w/your party?
What is point?
Woke up this morning completely disoriented.
Snow, rain, slush ...
thought it was December and I doctoramt the past 3 months.
let me know how it is.
I want to see it!
soaking in the nondiscursive olfactory rhetoric of pumpkinbreadinthemaking
RT : Just being on SocialMedia is not enough.
Content and frequency is the key.
Twitter, FB, Pinterest are NOT the same....
Tonight is gonna be way too nerveracking...
Bruins better fucking get out of this series on a high note.
Rooster is crowing and the chill is burning off in the morning sun  ready to explore the Davis Mtns and chase more 50s memories
An hour and a half into the workday, an hour and a half into daydoctoraming about robbing a bank.
Nope.
All for me!
:D
Ithoughtyouwerecute until I figured out you Were taken :/
Coworker and I are both rocking 20 frocks today and definitely the bestdoctorssed.
Love cheap and chic fashion!
Lie to Me, but do not Lie to My Heart.
E.c.
Off to school :D
Wanna doctornk send a DM and i'll buy you a doctornk using
RT : ff because he has my back and I have his.
No doubt about that.:
Singing mahler's 2nd again tonight w Madison symphony.
Love the piece but wish we were in an outdoor venue on a day like today!
is soo fat
Take some of ours here in Scottsdale!
RT Come back sunshine!
We're sorry for whatever has upset you...
Refreshing my memory with old acting textbooks.
Any suggestions on reading material?
What's a lockout?
Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God; Ephesians 2:19
I don't know the history, but it'd be really cool if these church teams did something like that.
gutted ...
my first option for a night out for weeks doesn't look like it's happening
Such a busy next couple of weeks.
It takes millions of people to complete the world, but it only takes one to complete mine.
I thought I was out of chocolate at work, but it was a false alarm.
It was touch and go there for a minute though.
I'm reading all of these in Romney's voice.
Seems about right.
Serious Competition: Verizon gets iPhone.
then gets TMobile.
So why does Sprint go to Congress?
The writing staff over at the are a bunch of hapless fucks.
I'm sure of it.
Suns down 10995 with 2:44 left.
PHX just has no answers for Lawson.
Reading up on the history of music can be very interesting!
And here we are now!
;
crazy busy as usual.
You working or studying these days?
You know we're down!!
the beginning/ is for those that sleep
Why yes, I do quite frequently talk to my computer.
Prayers appreciated about to take twin1 in for an important appt.
while twin2 spends 2hr w/principal while suspended.
Lord heal my babies!
woowwwwww makeup does wonders.......
I didn't really look cuz we were in a hurry.
:
that sh belongs to me :
Building Credibility: creates a Facebook of sorts for the places where we live and work.
Need at Pho fix??
NOLA Food Delivery just signed up Le Viet Cafe!
lol any questions check previous twitter posts
I had a doctoram you followed me last night then you like popped out of my computer screen ..
lol hehe
How's holding up?
Did he bring any of that Dubai Juice?
r u n this video
We have to wait for the fire department to come and shut off the alarm.
Apparently, they are still sleeping.
's wife posing naked with her infant nephew is that right in your opinion!?
TodayImWearing my uniform , that only means I'm working!
Coach Herring sounds like shaq
RT Aw remember when you said you could be happy with me for the rest of your life?
Yeah, me too.
But its cool.
Needles don't scurr me.
I'd forgotten how busy this business can make you!!!
Wheew!!!
I sure did.
I had an awesome wkend!
Who's trying to hit this zoo up grownpeople style
Material Girl  The Weeknd
See The Forum w/ Mason's Michael Fauntroy, professorssor of public policy, talking w/ the Reverend Walter Fauntroy about civil rights in 1968.
Come meet Billy Wilder's protege right now before a 35mm screening of The Apartment!
B.
Griner  Big Bird
makin it happen....
A wonderful person to follow!
Thank you for the FF shoutout!
Have a great weekend!
Just signed up for last night already loves it!!
Download the free app on your phone makes it so much easier and fab.
I want to play minecraft :
yea watever lmao u tell everything
That mixed looking dude.
:
Did you guys hook up?
Still sad, he had to fly further than anyone for the game and played so little.
Hope he enjoyed himself anyway
Oh course , anytime!!
:
What new mental programming upgrade did you get today?
What way of thinking is now obsolete for you?
Just watched the lotr trilogy on the bus to Nola and not even there yet.
never would have thought a masters winner would be a disc golfer to.
Are there any more PGA players that are PDGA members too?
housing America?s Home Program Solves Housing Dilemma
Don't miss out on Friday night's book signing by David Holt, author of Big League City, at the pop up shop!
I want a do over.
Miss you on the tv Amanda!
sadly, that is truw
TO vs.
LeBron for a WR spot on the Seahawks.
Q: Why did the motorcycle take a break?
A: Because it was TWO TIRED!
I want some bdubbs
they are younger, Randy
Praying my granddaddy pulls thru it all we may not see eye to eye but lord knows I love that man!
So yall this pussy ass cat told my dude that I was fuckin his lame ass and that I had two twitter pages...
I try not to think about things like this.
naisac12 John Hunter mentions the importance of school administrator's trusting teachers and encouraging them to do what they want to do
It's one of those nights where if I go out to the garage, I'm feel like I'm going to find Robert De Niro under my car.
yea i've been wasting away for the past 6 months
Clickbank Secret  The Clickbank Code Review  CB Code Really A Scam?
Bands I was a member of before Nickolas Benson; MideastBlue Falcons, MendocinoCrown Royals, LABeggarsRoyals..
all fun but not me :
LOVE IT
who finna hit u up
Why, in 2012, is it still legal to have someone work in a windowless room 40 hrs/week.
Sorry but just cause Damon ended up meeting her first doesn't mean he should be with her...
There's more to it.
Overheard mature ladies gossiping about what a friend had posted on FB.
Plz people dont use Facebook to slander.
Keep it fun!
is waiting at the airportso far, plane still on time.
keep all fingers crossed!
Thanks.
Kids are welcomed any time.
so what's the wager again?
move dem hips, gurl.
Senate gives final 287 approval to Hornets tax incentive package.
On its way to Gov.
Jindal for certain signature.
Foray cucina urbana for expanding into Irvine.
Love the burratta.
So can you come cleanse my house?
;
Finished writing the last midterm exam.
Time to start writing some curriculum.
I always get scared that will rule the world and I may never get a reply from them again ..
WellerProblems 3
where you been
You can message me at m e  i am rio dot com
im great, hbu?
He won't need to score this much it would be nice but not realistic.
It's on Wade and LeBron plain and simple.
CD, some of have older cars with broken electric doctorves so we can't play an ipod, just CDs..
and I want to blast your cool jams
im really into andoctorw belle right now and the latest temper trap album, also check out the new augustana album
FeartheDeer BRANDON JENNINGS STRAIGHT GETTIN BUSY IN THE NY!!!!!!
how old are you??
Long day but ll worth it.
Artist development at its finest.
The worse shape jeans are in, the comfier they are.
Mind 
Hi my name is Heaven Thompson
i just got one direction, big time rush, asnd cody simpson tickets!!
We have a Nook and a Kindle and love them, despite digging our heels in against them not long ago.
Morning everybody !
: true story, but if you have to train then you have no choice but to make the most of it.
makes sense!
Lots of other bikes?
My favorite curse word is Doublefarts.
Why is it raining?
It's gonna be like 80 degrees.
Stuck in the Portland airport with haystack, help.
WoW I wasn't even spinnin at that time, but ok lol
Catch us live at the minimal
New England might actually be THAT bad this year.
What a great season finale PrivatePractice was!
How much is it?
Blueshirted volunteers from Chesapeake are at Positive Tomorrows helping us get ready for school next week!
Way to go Operation Blue!
all set and ready to head out to sllconf.
cannot wait!
had to change jerseys at halftime.
I've never been so hot in my life.
can't wait...thanks for the heads up!
Only 7 more minutes till my bday!
Let the countdown begin!
Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I doctoram can I be.
I hate being sick :
It's absolutely gorgeous outside!
Wild peeps are working out hard with the door open today!
My NyRangers won we winning the
walk.
off.
I really do have such a lovely group of friends
Going home saying fuck it and falling back asleep
Nitrous Oxide Increase in the Atmosphere Due to Fertilizer Use  Decoded Science
Just Give Me Chocolate and Nobody Gets Hurt.
team nodler is looking to acquire a push reel lawn mower.
anyone know a good model?
The Human Centipede 2 was sick.
If you like fucked up movies with gore and are really creepy check it out for sure!
good day Tweeps....off to work as its Monday morning in this part of the world.....
UndergroundHipHopChroniclesPt2 Ace Royal Flush 05/14/12 COME AND SUPPORT BOSTON LOCAL ARTIST like
Wanna meet !
is the new punk rock.
Wish there was a good soundtrack to their subversalicious activities.
I'm going to sleep now, tired .
It's probably not a good thing that Austin barley talks to me anymore.
Should I be worried?
:/
Giuliana Rancic to Undergo a Double Mastectomy Back in October, our own Giuliana Rancic revealed her breast cancer diagnosis.
We regret t
Morning Twitter :.
Packing my bags for sunny San Francisco!
fuck you facebook.
Why is everything on my new computer not responding/slower than my old computer?
I just want to work, people!
Good luck elle!!!!
lots of love.3333
Lost my mf earphones!
To conform is to alter my ways to fit where I am cause I am already there, transform is to get thereBishop J.C.
Williams
If you meet TW please tweet us!
3
You have to turn your channel opacity up so the good in the middle will show up
Nash deserved them tho RT : so it like the years kobe should have won MVP and steve nash got back to back MVPs
hell yeah.
gopackgo nsyncers love too
When the haters hate all I do is smile back.c:
ONELOVE Thank you all for the views and subscriptions on our new YouTube Channel!
Who's coming to the 19th Annual 9Mile Music Festival?
or you've had to look over G's shoulder once or twice too often ;
the answer is ...it melts in your body...sigh.
that is terrible.
come visit me /3 :
Pretty good beer too!

I hate you  is a strong word..
WORK OF ART SUPERBOWL HALFTIME FASHION SHOW THIS SUNDAY....COME WATCH DA GAME FREE FOOD AND doctorNKS PRETTY MODELS IN LINGERIE!
DONT MISS IT!!
Okay I'm tired.
Good night :
Don't forget to check your vagina...
RT : Piercing high pitched ringing in my bedoctorom: night 2.
Cannot find source.
When you see her walking sneak up behind her and hug her around her waist3
I had a Great day today..
At the sis waiting for dinner..
mm yummy...How was your day?
3
no it's all good.
We had a total of ten managers last season, so I know how u feel
YouAintHittinItRightIf no one blogs about your penis
Earlier today, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez returned to Cuba to resume his chemotherapy treatment for cancer discovered in June.
Never grow up.
So tired of getting my hopes up.
make a wish!!!
add bitches
thanks for the feedback!
Our next mail doctorp is Friday morning!
Have a great night!
Yes, multilingual information access to digital libraries and crosslingual retrieval.
I think we shortly met at EuropeanaTech.
EKU Football showing interest in Bradenton, Florida dual threat QB, Sean McCarthy.
Finally i finished i had 2 think bout those facts ;p
ma son knocked in tha backseat thank god
anyone here want a shoutout??????
Back to school  classes begin today.
Ready, set, study .
.
.
That's My shit.
He had no assists because people missed open shots.
Many scored on the 2nd pass after he penetrated.
Love the way Newt pointed out all the candidates positive points.
That's a real leader.
Not sure I'd want you to!
I HATE doctorving in south omaha.
Craziest doctorvers ever.
Haha listening to throw it in the bag.
An old song but I've always loved it
hahaha, more alc always does the trick!
Tear it up mang!
IM GOOD JUST PUSHING THE MAGAZINE !!
you at the salon
I need to focus on getting myself back on track,im all over the place
Thank you, Susan!
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
any other qualifying factors?
I know several who meet that criteria.
Being the most indecisive person in the world is getting me nowhere and making me crazy.
Might be time to change that.
Clearly I have defeated you earthworm with my words  imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists
My band Has a show saturday!
im stoked
what?!
what did you guys fix?
Let's go FCB!!...wow first thirty seconds and Real scores...well that significantly deflated my excitement.
if you like books to movies, why not a 'blue bloods' movie!
Just sayin':
I'm willing to fight for it though :
Fuse is looking for twitter peeps tonight 06/06 only.
Show this tweet/RT to the GM Steve.
Code word: ElectricSushi.
See what happens!
And tell the cops I can buy my own bracelets!!!
Wayne
Bill O'Riley  Dennis Miller had fun ripping apart the no bake sale bill on The Factor last night.
It was priceless.
Staff Writer Meeting tonight.
Beer...
check.
Notepads...
check.
A pack of condoms and a willing goat...
So check
I do elieve we are looking forward to some hot weather by Thursday
Who is coming to Zombie prom?
Welcome.
We love a little snark
thinks its pity when someone cant get there life on track they have to try and cause problems for others..
Karma train is coming baby watch
See: U.S.
for imperfect exemplar.
A multirelig., multicult., multiethnic VALUESdoctorven nat.
pridecitizenship.
IT WORKS!!
12 times : list me?
I'm thrilled that we will be going to Jupiter and its moons in twenty years.
We have much to look forward to
watch the movie bamboozled and you'll be as smart as me
we welcome you with open arms
Hope to see you all tonight at the Hubert H.
Humphrey Civil and Human Rights Awards Dinner!
To Serve Is To Live!
Hope you are terrific.
I don't see it at all
We are getting ready for Valentine's Day!
Don't forget to show your love, too  even if it's just a note to your love....
Give it a few more days...
Tonight will be my and my wife's first time seeing you guys.
Can't wait!!!
I'm so excited about applying to MSB as a transfer student for this fall !
I can't wait for my Soulsation CD set to get here.
That will be good times
After further review Howard the Duck is actually really weird.
Not in a good way.
I would go through one of Dave Ramsey's ELP's
Omg.
Vegas.
Yes girl..TELL these NEGROS,just cuz u paid for a MEAL,DONT MEAN nookie..cuz we both know sex outside of connection is
It's all TF this afternoon!
RT Logan Miller gets over 14 feet for the first time, and gets the win to boot!
FF to , lead mobile analyst for If you're into mobile tech, Sascha is a mustfollow!
Sad day in the world of wrestling..
The Macho Man Randy Savage passed away today.
Snap into a Slim Jim in his honor everyone!
If you tell the truth, you dont have to remember anything.
First day my math teacher isnt here..
LOL right?!
too funny!
Back from surgery, with a numb leg but otherwise ok.
Seems to have been successful.
Now for the rehab .
.
.
Little chilly here this am  nice!
WHERE IS THE DOG?
On closer inspection, his signature says Avery Sample.
You know, of the Sample family, from Trenton.
Hadn't heard of CS Lewis attacking the desire 4 equality.
Hope you didn't take it out of context 2 elevate your political beliefs.
RT : I envy poets.
Writing prose is like dancing while strapped to a chair.
southbeachtow Bernice is about to whip some ass !!!
why isnt trent in ugh
Say it ain't so I will not go turn the lights off carry me home
Congratulation!
Our 10 year anniversary is tomorrow!!
Morning!
Happy May!
Happy Day!
It's 9:15 a.m.
and I haven't been yelled at once yet today.
Give it time, my friends.
Give it time.
MOL!
S/O to my boo It's her 21st birfdayy!
Happy Birthday love!
Hope you have an awesome day!
shshshshsugar honey iced tea, prettiest one that I see, lil mama icee's, they say she a pisces, i heard they are feistyy
smh one of those blow your brains out boring type days
This day just got seemingly worse.
i dont know how i finished schools, i dont even like homeworks.
So who's got the craziest 4th of July plans?
Im just gonna sit in my underwear and watch the Sea World fireworks, like every other night hah
Congrats to Stacy Rodenberger, Eastern Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
How does someone start a career as a pornographer?
3 things: 1.
Thank you for talking me off the ledge tonight.
2.
I appreciate your friendship.
3.
Don't keep score.
I am on the high way going to reach home at 1:00.
And I am in a honda.
The new one baybee
lean  delicious!!
Happy lunching!
I got great new for you!
we will need a copy of his i20 and visa for approval!!
I will send the information by DM
I pretty much have no respect for and anymore.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Its blowin me that we not on the phone right now
A lot of  is made by maintaining a racial socioeconomic caste system.
And in convincing people that poverty is a mental illness
why do people insist that activists are idealist, dissenter, pot addaled hippies?!
when in reality are forefathers were all of those things.
our new doggie!
8 yo, rescue, loves tennis balls.
Todat's his first day here
Up text messaging my fiance  still watching SaluteYourShorts : : :
New workout obsession listenin to superchick!!!!
oh!!
:P so whats your fave food?
and your fave doctornk?
what do you like to eat  doctornk before a concert?
u are funny, show was not...can't you get a real tv show?
Hbo shopping?
Proverbs 13:4 The sluggard craves and gets nothing, but the desires of the diligent are fully satisfied.
Well im missing girlfriends!!!!!!
Woods wins his first golf tournament in 2 years to captainre the Chevron World Challenge title.
tonight everybody free til 12Reserve Lounge 723 Main St Houston, Texas/ ladies 18 guys21/ 5 margaritas all night
I don't often find TV insulting.
At least in the sense where I would actually voice my discontent.
But this Off Their Rockers Show...
yikes
THANK YOU!
:
It hurts to laugh.
I didn't realize how much I laugh until now.
I've had a headache everyday this week.
I had too,,
sigh...time to work outside.
oh lord that's how my jeep was.
That beast bleed me doctor.
Caroline explaining to Frank how he needs a partner like on Modern Family, to walk around with baby Madeline 
Blogging more than once per day will result in more clicks/traffic
its all about the Cowboys babee.!3
Those times when you doctorp EVERYTHING to be with ypur best friend.
If anyone has had enough of this damn sunshine I'm about to watch My Girl.
At 7.
In a basement.
Feel free to join me.
Bring ice cream.
Thanks girl!
Miss your face!
I got fun things planned for the fall collection!
You're always there for me when I need cheering up, thanks music.
3
Last time MAAC got 2 bids was 1995, and atlarge Manhattan beat Oklahoma.
Iona deserves it.
Onto posscon Columbia, SC anything not to miss?
Reggie gotta have phone
I hope so too!
We are so glad that our friends and William James showed us .
Great music!
I LOVE my Kindle.
I read a book or two a week now thanks to it.
Never used a Nook but have an iPad and never use it!
RT : Does everyone automatically become a hippie when they enter the gates at Coachella?
If you wore a suit would your head ...
ok if would would like u can say over for the night all of u
Still have over an hour to buy meat, eggs or milk, too!
RT: Who is out at dofl?
Send those pics in  don't forget to order dessert :
i got mhy phone taken away
no kidding!
I might be down with that.
Get some in the mix and it could be a party!
smh, you my nigga..
i hate it had to be you.
put the pic of me you and Adam up
When boys try to talk to me and they dont doctorve a truck 
hobson says nahuh!
Missing the way things used to be..
thanks muchly!
happy to be included w/ 
There is plenty of time for television, just not enough for sleep.
pleaaseee !
i love you and i dont want you to grow pleasee always you be
There is a Veteran's Day parade between me, my car, and my office.
This should be interesting.
Sometimes saying no is hard.
life decisions destiny?
Gel medium transfers art series now in the works  custom pieces also avail,  contact for more info.
mister President, stay strong in your resolve.
There are many people who respect you and the office you hold.
Continue to walk in your calling.
I love Jesus!
HEY ALEX HOW ARE YOU TODAY I LIKE CAPS LOCK
Can I please have a GA scene when Teddy gets to yell at Mary Lynn Raskub's character?
Preferably DAMMIT!
Omg!
I love 30 seconds to mars!!!!!
Steelers by 3.
Live happily, Laugh often, and Love always...Be GRAND!
Always an adventure when you go with me, at least that is what everyone always says.
But I think its a good thing!
LOL
Blood Orange, Beet, and Fennel Salad Recipe from Bon Appétit
follow back please :o
So the Boyz are going to be on the ABDC after the J Lo one?
is rob kardashian really moving out
The medical alert unit in ten years will be what cell phones are to people today.
Today's mission: Oregon Coast.
FYI Netarts Bay restaurant The Schooner.
Must dine!
Chicken wings are amazing and The Czar sets the bar.
RT : Nancy Pelosi is not ignorant of Catholicism, she simply doesn't believe in it except as a component of her public image.
that's niggas like fuck with you the Queen Bee, you always speak the truth out your mouth and bust these bitches down!!
Lol love U
: Mark Ronson worked on Amy Winehouse's Back To Black and Adele's 19.
.
.
Respect yes !
I love that.
Don't wanna pay 70 bucks for a simple flannel shirt!
Goodwill here I come!
Trying to go to bed but the house is full of snoring...
Polar opposite effect.
: one last thing, me  kivon tried on your clothes  heels, lmaoo.
yellingg AVERY 
tweeting real time from class.
Nice!
And yes it was a great lecture!
You guys anywhere tonite?
happy early mothers day.
Wahi Media selected as a finalist for 2010 Small Biz Excellence Award by Tall Chamber of Commerce.
where can I get those dirty money varsity jackets from?thanks
Skelvis loves Asian Women....Especially Japanese Women !
Celebrating spring break with some of Xander's delicious vegan banana dough!
oh yeaaaahhhh
Not yet...
but at the end of June, yes!
Great day off with Nancy, Jenn, Jayden and Bailey.
Danville we are in you.
Pizza Hut, Huntington then Kroger.
82 and sunny will soon be 28
The UnOfficial....
But most enjoyable Opening Day After Party is Tonight at Bar Louie Water St
yep but they kinda balked when I said I didn't want bailed out.
so after the bad cop routine I was cited and released.
Off to warped!
Oh It's gonna be an interesting next Sunday
ur artist that was in the studio on sat, u still tryna get a track done?
The after party was sick!
Went to a couple of bars and met up with some friends in the NW.
Its about damn time for bed though.
Peace.
Im out
fabulous!
i hope this marathon is ready for us to rock its socks off!
Im gonna party like it's my civil right :
Black Gold is Amazing live!
Getting ready to go with to The Pit for news conference and open public shoot around.
Can't wait to see a legendary arena
That one thing that somone said, and you keep thinking about it 'till the rest of the day when you go to sleep and kills you inside.
Me and still need to party together
Teacher: You may begin your test.
Goodluck.
Me: May the odds be ever in your favor.
Nice job!
Thumbs up!
Check out the new Development Gateway website bit.ly/bM2e0g and let them know what you think!
MT
I'm pretty excited too!
happy birthday Marvin Gaye and Michael Fassbender
Im okay, just being extra lazy :o watching basketball.
Thinking about going back to my old job.
In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock
Can't wait to have you here!
It's going to be great!
Actually other job ends in June.
But I've already mentally left!
Current field of study would definitely be applicable.
EyeRock's battle for the artist for charity it's all good
No surprise there!
Wonder if poor tourney run sealed the deal or if he already had decided.
Heat Up
can't wait for the Vikings to beat the eagles!
Its still kinda early there!
U gettin ready to go to work?
10 pets have been adopted in the first 2hrs of our 24/7 Adoption Event!
Thank you!
let's see
ff and great people to follow  happy friday!
Wife reminded me that 'stressed' spelled backwards is 'desserts'.
Honestly, I'd prefer 'stressed' spelled backwards to be 'beach vacation'.
Headed to Gainesville for the orange and blue game!!!
Estelle Staal...
Claire Fleury...
Both have a nice ring too it
I can't believe you managed to get in sans lobster platter.
I'm besotted.
Looking for the best photographic events in DC this weekend
hey everybody thanks for the quick response.
Go to the new web site and become a memeber.
Thanks for following me Sean!
Going to chuck e cheese.
Just for the heck of it and today's my friends birthday so were gonna go there.
Be jealous
RT : So I should vote for people to run the country who don't know how to run a debate?
Why was dis big ass pitbull following me 2 da bus stop !
Wow Spy lol really
RT : I am looking forward to SOBCon more than I ever looked forward to Christmas.
I only have one life and girl I wanna see you there
Nice reverse dunk today
KALE chips??
Haha that was the appetizer no worries
hey, girl.
Turn on the lights, I'm looking for her...
Correction: sooner or later, UConn and BC will meet again IN THE COURTROOM
My advisor is a peerless scholar, has advanced his field as far as any researcher, and keeps his foot firmly planted against my backside.
OpenOffice to the rescue!
MT just attained MS Word..to fight autocomplete u have to do this retrospective stealth operation
Classic French.
looks like I need to start coming because you win when I come!
you were great in !
Fantastic job!
Ugh!
112 in line  traffic court!
That is an unrealistic goal since in this world you will have troubleYou have an eternity of problem free living reserved for you in heaven
How I agreed to schedule a 4:30pm meeting on CapHill this afternoon is beyond me.
Regardless...
3.5 hours until the weekend!
: 4th straight week I've lost out on desired player in fantasy baseball in the blind free agent bid process by less than 3.
McGoo
Is anyone else having issues w/ Twitter?
Whoa.
Not even 8:00 and my allergies are full force this morning..
Gonna be a loong day.
Yeah, i have a case cellaring in my fridge right now.
We're celebrating the graylaunch for !
Hey London by Chiddy Bang
Oh, please.
Two wheels is easy.
I just handed my kid a unicycle and a helmet.
Laying back kicking my feet up.
Im so fucking done with this shit.
Thanks for the RT!
You know, my hair just got long enough to wear a clip, and I have one I stole from you I use!
Everyone tune in tomorrow espnu 1pm est to see  battle on the diamond!!!
Greek inspired dinner  dessert from
hun i just got back from NYU..but im wondering did ur cousin ever paid for the classes
I was ready for it!
lol Until next time I suppose
Got a new haircut :
is Spencer the one that tool a sabbatical to focus on sxhool
Thanks so much for the K.
You're awesome!
I agree.
The cloud storage competitors bashing each other is pretty funny tooEllison vs.
Benioff the most recent example.
Sweet Tweets kickn it to u live:
JustRemember what goes around comes around
Falling in love all over again with Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow on DVD a la Live in Munich 1977.
Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fameworthy?
To all our followers: Turn your kid's bike into an exercise bike that controls the TVGreat for cold weather 50 off only until Jan 2.
Sounds great.
I hope you enjoy what you see!
Looking for a good, used road bike if any tweeters have ideas....
what do you think about ACTA StopACTA now threatening the future of the internet?
I'm surrounded by the best people ever!
I appreciate you all very very much.
NOW YOU'RE JUST SOMEBODY THAT I USED TO KNOW.
Bears lose!
bearsstillsuck!
One person with a belief is equal to 99 who have only interests.
John Stuart Mill
Up and time to make some cupcakes!
VanillaBean Happy Saturday all!!
take full advantage of it in every way.
Do everything like there is no tomorrow.
Coach T.
Hicks
Whoops she's here now haha
Sounds good!
Thank you!
i absolutely love winona ryder's hair in 'girl, interrupted', it makes me want to keep mine short and black always
It is a hollow statement.
What do u consider 2 b 'human rights' ?
Re:You can't pick  choose human rights.....
My sweetheart need to call me 3 yea him
Nitrogen is not found in Ireland because it is not found in a free state.
If I were I would be scared shitless that 20million girls want this conda bro
I am just really infatuated with his hair lol its..
perfect
especially you jenny beckman.
Ron Roenicke is an animal.....
its too hot to fart.
As we remember, honor and mourn today, Let us not forget how we treated each other on that tragic day...
and wonder why we can't every day
I have a lead on a Digital Media Supervisor gig in West LA.
Message me if you are interested and I'll get you the details
No worries, we approve!
The new site looks great, congrats.
nd if i want to be friends , ill let you know  til then fallback !
Telling yourself you don't like someone, even though you do, so you won't get your hopes up  your heart broken.
Tonight!
It's About That Time with HOT CLUB OF DETROIT 8pm  10pm sets www.TwinsJazz.com
Your're gunna believe E!
News, and think that Harry's dating Emma, when they were the ones behind Lily Halpern?
Wow.
oh!
very nice.
me likey :
Audition day is coming up!!!
Email to have a chance at becoming a NJ Sky Dancer!!!
3
Today just SUCKS now....
:/
the man?
Haha I don't know..
this hot blond girl?
She has great style and taste :
Thanks for following!
omg shes so doctornk!!!!!
ahahahaha its so funny!
A dissenting voice!
Interesting.
I nearly dislocated my jaw on an Brooklyn bagel once, but it was worth it!
;
I am taking care of my procrastination problems you just wait and see :
Ten minutes late to class  still in my seat before the teacher is in the room.
Atlanta Hawks kicking some Boston Celtics...?
I don't know what this says about my state of mind, but Mambo No.
5 has been stuck in my head for hours.
Late night, who is going?
:D
Game 2 for the Spokane Chiefs tonight in Round 1 of the WHL 2012 Playoffs.
dont grab him from me
do it!
Anyways hav fun  SDtell TBS I'll see 'em  warped ;
We can live to die, but we can't die to live
we've built in both of you into our platform  would be neat if you both built each other into..
each other
Of course the toliet would overflow and flood the bathroom on the night I babysit....
ugh
wcphilly: Open Source Support: If there is a specific company involved, contact them.
Room packed full of dudes and only one offers his seat.
I love it when people are still chivalrous.
thankyou :
Thanks to everyone who attended our networking seminar today.
Stay on the lookout for more events.
Haha RT : Must be with his fake ass!
me too.
It must be National Follow Some Black People Day.
I'm having one of those man, I love Austin kind of days!!
We don't get many celebs nor godfathers in NE PDX.
They're great w/ the single edge there btw.
ILL EAT THE LINING OUT IT LOL
Awesome practice!
Can't wait for Saturday
Nah.
Makes me even more sad, that he's trying to make us believe that the Vikings are forcing him to sign.
Joke.
the whole NoHomo thing is really old.
MoHomo here BITCHES!!!!
You keep putting me off like im nothing so im going to show you how 'nothing' is worth more than anything.
do you ever stay in NYC?
I really really really really don't want to present
Richard Madelely: Top authors at new Hampstead Garden Suburb literary festival
right there with ya, girl.
he said he was balling.
still cant figure out how u cant come up with 2bands
oh, that looks great.
Thank you!
Am absolutely going back for another visit and will help to get better sense of its history.
Shot night  tipsy because I can't handle medical needles  but I like tattoos  whaa?
Thanks again to, and for giving us wonderful locations to perform!
does Jezebel take submissions?
asking for a friend
thanks for the RT!
I don't for a sec believe concussions don't play a role in this.
But we also have a big NEED for answers/explanations.
Not always so simple.
My pants kept saying, Take me off and I'm like, NO, PANTS!
We are the goon squad and we're coming to town.
Beep beep!
The Onion recommended our show tonight at The Cactus Club over Chris Cornell's.
Sit on that, Cornell!
i do b askin u, u b sayin u either got math thing to go to or u gotta go home.
Or u b busy!
But u wanna stay after skool
i love you.
js.
lol you and everybody...I swear you're like the third person that brought that up today haha
40 vs the moroccans from astoria, i got to dust off some of my levantine arabic professornity.
Note to self: Your optimism and wishful thinking will get you nowhere.
Get back to your computer and type.
Troy what is the success rate of pitchers returning to form after Tommy John's?
Big anti Walmart demo in los angeles Chinatown on
I hate it so much
NP Can't touch this!!
At a gay bar in Frisco, CA watching fit in like a fucking glove
'i dont mean to toot my own horn' Mikayla
true true.
And as a super user of , I'd love to design the interface.
Expletives while alone in my car.
Today's entry: What the fuck!
Moron!
Is this a healthy release of negative energy?
osu needs guys who can go up and get balls like toon just did
Holy awesome!
Go roller derby!
via BCB Battlestars win the BCup tournament!!!!
Time cover kid : Look , I'll tell ya  I get the same thing trying to break into pro tennis at 49.
Ignore them.Don't break training !
RT : ProGingrich super PAC bought more ad time today on Rush Limbaugh's show.
BSBforever gotta love them and always will.
:
You have a right to be loved and supported.
Its time for you to let go and know you are OK just as you are in the moment.
Do they do Zeppoles at the Osceola County Fair?
I don't know how to tell you that I'm done with running back and forth
SometimesIJustWant to hear your voice
Cold case search  1 large dog.
No closure today for family of 9 yro missing since 1993.
How do they cope?
I am really looking forward to the event.
I have lots of great actionable LinkedIn steps for nonprofessorts.
See you then.
It's social bookmarking, so you can save links online and then access them from any computer.
Badgers get the stop  Force a long field goal attempt  Good from 45 
Teaching mother how to play Temple Run,
Me either.
Or my followers list.
You're such a negative person..
RT : the little things always count
LoveTeamMindless : We Put Lots Of Hard Work In For Having To Be 1 : LoveThem!
thx 4 the shout out.
Bay love, bay love!
Over the computer?
They can't keep you grounded forever.
hey thanks RT
Many academic libraries subscribe to Leprechaun Biography Online, but you're right  she was silly to expect it at a public library!
nice photos girls
Could've, should've and would've...How about we change that to doctoram, create and live.
They havent forgot about the lockout I guess.
Discussion of bookrelated parties is officially off the hook.
Fancy Nancy Maisy Olivia Pinkalicious Very Hungry Caterpillar
most people use TweetDeck or Seesmic
medium season finale was awful.
writing seemed like wrote it on real short notice.
allison's whispering/ speaking annoyed me to bits!
I'm just so disrespectful.
OhWell who really cares though?
it's fantastically liberating.
X
We don't want you to play because we don't want you to get hurt.
That's what happens when you play in this game, apparently.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Various
My friend said Onions are the only food that can make you cry.
That was before I hit him in the face with a watermelon.
edchat engchat Banned Books Week is Sept.
24Oct.1, what will you be doing for it?
I follow a lot of poets and comedians.
They understand most of the time.
Thank you everybody who came out this past weekend!
Can't wait til Friday to do it all over again 
overthesummer I reconsidered having childoctorn later in life.
So what do you do when you long your TRUE LOVE and know that you'll be turned down?
andoctorid, cuz they're the only phones you can get on prepay!
Trees!!!
got my phone taken away
ima pray on it.
then let it go.
put it in gods hands cause its nothing i can do.
Thanks the RT and all the work you do!!
Have a great weekend!!!
There's a lie in believe, over in lover, end in friend, us in trust,  an if in life
Oh and how could I possibly forget Say Anything, Gym Class Heroes and Parkway doctorve on my BandsILove list?
no prob I really do enjoy everything you do!
I hope to one day be as good.
You have inspired me to want a logo too, but haven't found the time to make one yet, any suggestions?
I love Twitter I wouldn't ruin it by bitching on it lol
RT Why am I having such a hard time?
I think it's ok to have a hard time parallel parkg on a hill on the left while in labor.
Are there really people who watch TV in the morning?
If you've got time to watch TV, you've got time to sleep.
hey wat up this is estella
I just finished the first book last night!!!
It's soo good
I'm terrible with telling stories and explaining myself.
I don't wanna kiss, I'm too intrigued in this chick flic.
Lol
Will Seton Hall go dancing?
UL still playing hard, but game is over.Congrats to UK.
I must go on my next trip home.
Got it.
Sorry for the confusion.
Regardless, you are my favorite writer on site.
It was probably Merckle.
Good evening.
yes please let's!
I'm banking on Jenny and her blanket making career.
That sewing machine is my 401k.
Enjoying some Tampico20oz join the Tampico party!
AFRO HAITIAN Dance class Live doctormming!
with Michelle Martin at Dance Mission Theater San Francisco tonight Tue, October 12, 6:30pm  8:...
I've been feeling deathy ill for the past 24 hours.
Ugh, pesky little germs.
Good god this burrito could feed an Ethiopian family of four.
more followers pls
Sometimes the library IS a place for napping and that's ok.
Thanks Jared!
We're certain about it too :
Launching Starting Point Church Apex Sunday February 26....
Come out and be a part of this awesome day in our church!
we appreciate your support thanks!
Some one say lunch?
now you're at the 'comfy like a broken in pair of shoes' phase.
Totally underrated by Hollywood.
Whatabox  sounds like it should be a club on Bourbon.
thanks for the updates from ieg2012!
Sounds like it was a great event!
Doesn't even get you out of paying taxes!
love you
that food hit the spot :
Took a nap, nd woke up in a crappy mood.
:/.
With the Chiefs singing of Kelly Gregg might we see Franklin return to the niners?
Thanks for the shout out !
there are like 20 cardinals on our deck right now.
probably has something to do with the birdseed
Huzzah!
Free Microsoft mousepads for everyone!
I'm not sure being a good game is the point of Munchkin, to be honest.
Need a palate cleanser after Shark Night.
Cast A Deadly Spell should do nicely.
Just got done at cheer practice 333
I can see IanSomerhalder as Christian Grey sure.
But I can also see Liam Hemsworth or Chris Pine doing the role a solid one.
naw just the water front the room was tight ?
Nice to meet you too!
It was a great article.
Its almost been a month already ;/
G, are you ready for ...
a kind of magic?
It's there.
You left it under ERASERHEAD.
I'm all for lip biting but when u tryna literally pull my lip off my face gtfoh your turning me way off.
Cannibal bitch.
One of my all time favorites
GREYSON, YOU JUST LEAVE US HANGING!
TELL US HOW YOU GET TICKETS!!
haha exactly!
in reference to my tweet after that, this morning lol.
thanks girl!
good luck on yours too!
can't wait 4 ours!
Someone turned up the AC in Denver...brrrr
These picadillo tacos were delicious!!
Any Japanese artist who work in NYC and has a website can apply for our plan.
Pls contact us through direct message!
We'll send u detail.
Didn't get no MMs cause a Bitch said something to me 
The view from the water is usually better than the view from the shore
Just realized I haven't been following for all this time, dunno how i lived w/o it, but now I am and you certainly should too!
the king decided to wear his crown tonite turible turible news for the spurs
What 4 words describe summer for you?
A Muse Fuse wants your help with poetry prompts for its MidSummer Museical Madness coming in July.
thanks for the RT!
Enlarge your art collection at RAA.
June 1012, silent auction, bidding wars, excitement, helping out a nonprofessor getting cool new art!
You guys are good plotters...
:
: Breaking news: Judge dismisses all counts of Lou Manzo indictment // seriously?
Love how can quote course related hashtags off the top of his head.
That kind of knowledge doctorves uwsocial success!
Even GED holders think Alexass is stupid.
Reading rhetoric texts with fancy terminology.
E.g.
prolepsis, which sounds like a nasty medical condition.
CHILL bro ur blowing up my phone!
;
yea, billa...
I'll call u later
3 LOVE you boy
HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mom's out there.
;
this will be my third one this year alone.
I have too many already.
And sometimes you just need to put all the work down and let it be.
I really want to play COD 4 right now :
if someone wishes me happy mothers day at brunch later I will show them a pic of my cat
Thanks so much for the Pandora recommendationsI listened while doing some cooking myself!
Hope you had a great Thanksgiving.
no, you can't.
And it will be an adventure and memorable!
Well today has been a long day...
So far.: hahaha.:
love you too!
4000 Colts fans did not renew their plans this year.
Economy or poor football?
You need to change your password.
I've already gotten 4 spam messages from your account.
Well isn't Steve Jobs the poster child for the prolife movement.
SometimesYouHaveTo understand this ladies: i'm gonna cum,its up 2you 2get urs before i finish..
its not
FU North Carolina.
I check my spending closely.
No s of mine go to bigots.
I'll spend extra  doctorving around not to even pay your tolls.
earn a living!
5 minutes work for a full days pay!
i did
have a doll with his hair but dosent have a hair cut
What is the Conservative movement except a concerted effort to make sure the rich hold onto their damn dollars?
didn't they used to look like Jacob's??
lmaoooooo exactly !!!
Where she gettin a job though '
Good morning
Good game.
You guys made me proud!
:
Discussing JMS481 etiquette lesson with my mom.
She has every item on the list!
And now I know what a saucer is...looks like a plate to me.
Come jam w/ us at 6pm same stage.
When do you think there will be a screening in San Francisco?
I've heard great things.
Checked my email for the first time since break.
It's gonna be a long day today
Just made a donation.
Hope he gets all the money!!!
time for break!
see ya!
;
Messed up and didn't put SXSW on my vision board this year.
Adding it now for next year!
mohrstories would love to hear more inside baseball acting stuff  ever take classes, coaches, teachers, etc.
Love the pcast!
Agreed.
But capitulation is pretty sweet.
:
Computer: Scientists develop bioengineered hard doctorves, wires  Gemini
How do Democrats feel that Obama Admin Admits: Govt Will Lose 14 billion on Auto Bailout?
MartinChapman of SeattleOccupy in the House!
Martin has done amazing work pulling Seattle together!
Looooonnnggg doctorve back from Sheffield!
Pass me the redbull!
Happy Birthday Dear!
Enjoy
My Mother As Five Parking Tickets...Lolzz..
Hows it going...
Had a wonderful Mothersday celebration with , and Johnny.
Thanks for making me feel like a queen everyday!
Luv u guys
you only speak the truth
No way!
You guys did ;P RT Thanks for an awesome show tonight San Diego!
You guys rocked!
I say to hell with fightthepower I really do feel bad for you now that you have to move to ILL!!
lol
What does everyone think about hitting our goal of 200 followers before THANKSGIVING?!
Lets do it!!
HAPPYBIRTHDAY BOO!
:D your really awesome for having the same birthday as Mee :D haha i hope you enjoy your birthday 3 
HEY MY FAVE doctorMMER DUDE!
WASSUP MAN?
Always making a way...MogulStatus ...about to apply for my Health/Life License and get my material!!
Got Sandy's pic on Twitter for her...Now are you going to tweet anything girl?!
Typed in 'what makes you beautiful by one direction' on pandora and Jessie J came on.......
Its faith Niall ': its faith!
Absolutely, contact me to set it up.
thanks so much Ro!
Finally off of work now I can go home and rest my ankle till tomorrow morning
Shawty got them crab legs, I got that Old Bay wid me!!
Just cruised past a meeting going on downstairs my building, powerpoint slide that said White space is good.
Terrible blanket statement.
Aw bitch stfu !!!!
John Davidoff says: 4 gens in workplace: prewar, boomers, Gen X, Millenials.
Millenials know what peers want and how 2 reach them.
I like that too, but w/kiddos I couldn't listen to the first situation tonight.
S word is still hard w/12 yo.
.
we've got attorney from Atkinson and expert from making presentations.
Just paid 2.50 for a PBJ sandwich at UTEP.
Seriously?
Expensive much?
A vegetarians gotta eat.
Help me out a bit...
thanks Jason!
Watching the game?
I try to explain the stakes on this on to duke friends, but they don't get it!
Crazy day.
My car just sold and I am now carless in the suburbs.
Oops...
Worth every second!!
I hope they do commentary on that ep!
Happy Mothers day!!
You could have the best performance in the world..
If what you saying is trash...
You don't impress me
Heeheehee....wait, what?
my book came yesterday started readin can't wait 2 finish work 2 finish readin  great read so far
SaySomethingNiceAboutObama Vote For Him!!!
askbieber why is he so sexy!!
Caught your article on inc this morning.
Thoroughly enjoyed it and wanted to let you know.
Yes, I believe he is.
Awesome kid although he'd give me a heart attack sometimes, lol
Amazing to see ideas talked about come to fruition.
eg.
usercreated tagging for images
I'm pretty excited about the 5th kingdom.
I want to be their queen.
Where do u volunteer?
Do u feel like u r makingadifference?
seriously!!
I'm like what is going on?!?!
Hello Twitter
hearing Mark Lyons is considering Kentucky.
Doesn't SEC have a rule against 5th year senior transfers?
U think he ends up at AZ
follow QUICK!
Miss you Mat RT : Good game boy!
Next two nights off, i wanna have some fun
Working from home on research for Education Informatics chapter in Scott Walter's new Handbook on Education Librarianship
follow back request.
Charter schools have contracts w/ authorized agencies that describe how student performance is measured pursuant 2 State tests
SavvyBrandingTip: People are not only buying your product or service, they are buying YOU.
You are your BRAND!
HD will definitely bring out the awfulness of Brad's kit.
So literal ;
God blesses the giver...the nature of giving is not the amount.
Eisenach: retrans isn't perfect.
He got that right.
Missing the RoyalWedding and loving it...

RT : Leo gives us life.
Without them, we would all wither and die.
Good thing they are here!
Performing magic tonight with Jason at the Wilmette Theater.
Our unborn child reads minds.
My pool is finally crystal clear!!
Time to go swimmin!
:D
doctor Maddow got her show from contributing to Olberman, doctor Harris from doctor Maddow?..HM!!!
Tornado victims still need donation items!
Toiletries, water, storage containers, clothingmake donations here, 
I am pretty tolerant of bad food  bad service, but this KFC pissed me off.
I have NEVER asked for my money back before tonignt.
redneck optimism: beauty is in the eye of the beer holder
I'm getting one tomorrow !!
Come see me !
thank goodness haha.
someone realizes male vnecks actually look good lol
I'm doing a live demo of RedactIt by for my blog.
I'll have a complete review shortly after.
Great!
I have an agent who is available to help you right now  I let her know.
2063880804
2011 green bay packers run by or even Matt Flynn
I'm really impressed with the amount of One Direction King's Dominion plays on their loudspeakers...I approve!
Our rescuers in Albania are picking up their awards
Grabbed a cheesesteak and took the dog to the dog park.
Everyone's happy here and ready for a better 2008.
Best to you too!
lol truth RT Depends on the family member lol RT RT RT if you love spending time with your family.
what good
Boy: So I heard you like bad boys?...Girl: Yep...Boy: Well, not to impress you or anything but I know how to swim without floaties.
Yes we are so excited!
YES!
YES!
YES!
I love my boyfriend!
hate watching the badgers always run into shooting doctorughts in march
This is very cool.
Thanks for sharing it.
wls2012 will appreicate this.
NP Jewel Who Will Save Your Souls?
EMAC students: if you want to sched appt to talk about registration, please email with 3 times that work for your schedule.
Thanks!
Happy yesterday was St.
Patrick's Day
greetings!
visited Germany on business in 1987.
loved it!
doctorve down to a town near ettlingen called waldbronn.
Someone please explain this to me!
Lol RT : If you're a lesbian and you dont eat pussy, what's the point of being a lesbian?
Beach today :
Absolutely!
I tried to twitpic while standing behind you on stage at annual meeting but no signal.
just follow me lungs hahahahahuhh!!
oh ok maybe later lol
The rebirth of our hotel demonstrates our commitment to providing the highest level of service, style and comfort to our guests.

you are not alone in your addiction!
:
Mellow mush opening across the street from doctorkes in the ville
Yup, distance SURE DOES make the heart grow fonder.
I mean I like the dancing but...
WHY IS IT A SHOW LIKE ABDC WITH MARIO LOPEZ!!
All my love to and !
Have a great show!
I wish I could be there!!
Our friend Recoe had a Christmas and made doctorssing muffins!
I think I'll make a batch on Christmas:
DUKE who the F you come to see?
If you don't take care of business there's someone out there that will .
.
.
RIM should probably just give their customers free apps to the Apple App Store for when they switch.
I can't sleep now .
SaySomethin is Amazing.
It's stuck in my head ..
But's that's a good thing ;
Hey man ...
who told you that you could use those pictures!
what do you mean not the same as cudi it's the same person :P
so excited for new songs ,  have a good early birthday 
forgot i got a ticket for selling beer to a minor when I was working at my dads store..
i followed u
Thanks for the follow Theodore  hope you're doing well in New York and stay in touch!
Q1 metaphor in today's class: the understanding pipe.
The visual will help me remember the concept.
heck ya GURL TELL IT!!
omg!!
You shouldn't doctorve at all!
With my dad.
Got some more things done with the house and we go nuts!
what if u already follow ?
I do!
:
Passing up all the awesome yard work to do by lounging out in the sun.
It's really a nobrainer.
Plus, It's not my fault it's so nice out.
13 hrs.
We do what it takes to guarantee the satisfaction of our clients!
I am recently unemployed actually, and an aspiring doctornk.
Goldberg chants for Ryback.
Awesome.
A source of funding for museums in the next 25 years?
MILLENNIALS It will require more thought.
We engage differently
Last call mixshow Mothers Day edition we got u with the female bangers new hits for ya sick back and relax
Probably not after the whole swimsuit thing!!
Who was it that told you that??
Listening to the new live album Unlocked: Live from Georgia Theatre.
So far so good!
aam2011 fact: Museum professorssionals are like shaman.
Super psyched for tomorrow!
Ready to learn about 's Seminar for Historical Administration.
Its raining!!
thanks for following back.
I like your sense of humor.
OMFSM.
The pain.
Not bad pain.
Good pain.
But it goes from my shoulders to my ankles.
And, BTW, subspace is great for working out I found.
Your the only one I want to be kissing forever 3
more and more hugs!!!
jajaja ;
Whats the point of lying about stuff that you dont have 2 lie about?
yo your dads in jail b?
I need a pattern that will read as both organic and industrial.
I'm torn between G611  G669 thoughts?
I'm starting to get a lot of followers
: Special Congrats to Our FB Graduating Seniors!!
Good Luck Men!!
Keep Working Hard to Reach Your doctorams!!
Hahah ai Know I Told Bohanan That I Was Gonna Do It Lol.: I Will Just Mess With You Tommisterw haha: Babel:
I'm not even white trash LOL
Does this means fireworks are canceled tonight?
bored raindelay CJ was bout to get lit up anyways
I NEED to meet you boyz before you guys go home :
i like the idea of quora, but, in my opinion, people really go overkill with the opinions.
What are you talking about??
Those stupid teabaggers didn't get ANYTHING out of this deal!!!
Barack played them like fools!!!!
You got some proof for this BS you're spouting about Cal?
Can anybody confirm if there is a taco bell currently in union square?
There is a lot riding on this pending information.
But wat better than the alternative.
Good luck!
Earth, Air, Fire, Water.
You're IT!
David Macauley
Anyone know of any good web project management book/web resources?
Explaining facebook to my mom is like teaching physics to a 5 year old.
I think this is the most intelligent thing that I have heard regarding sex work all year!
I did!
Call me.
RT : Gettin up to go to hospital wit mom
WIll tomorrow's Michael Jackson Memorial end in:
Thanks to all new followers!
More content to come this week!
Check out the College of Business Administration's Entrepreneurship program ranked number 16 in the nation!
Many classes offered this fall
me too it actually looked like he crushed it off the bat
yes Savy and me we used to be close but than I fucked it up :
30 Rock had a pretty funny stab at the Bay Area last night.
I wont forget this Tina Fey.
Anybody need a Google  invite?
DM me your email!
Bro's before Hoes!
Happy Anniversary !
I've been a fan for over 15 years, love you guys!
Can't wait to hear your new stuff!
never heard a girl say they like mamas boys who like to be spoiled.
Now this Lady wanna fcking Change the Channel like r yu fcking serious?
Ugh.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 57
what was this?
Happy to send useful things along...
:
Well so much for that.
This year we have a single stage at the fountain.Tonight Mary Cogan, a Tulsa fav, will be performing.
diginterp class: How about your favorite Star Wars character as theme today?
Get your records out and bring them to LP Thursday!
We will be playing records all night.
Enjoy the sounds of LP's while doctornking wine.
Thanks!
How are things down there?
So far, no puns.
What the hell, guys.
I've followed you and accepted your friend request!
muahaha operation take over of social networking is a go!!!
haha
When we have each other, we have everything.
It's Gameday!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Thanks...
it was tough, but so great to have them all in town :
No matter how shitty my day at work is, is always the shit
The threes are going tonight!
RT Why btches be taking advice from other btches that can't keep a man theirselves ?
My teacher says nutella is good, what do you guys think??
:
its all truuuu
Novice computers work with multiple challenges: poverty, disability, literacy.
And they think the prob is them.
STOP MAKING SENSE!!!
RT : .
Sweat can't sign with the Pats, he's on the browns reserve/retired list
I was too busy laughing to help the lady who was thrown off the treadmill in front of me.
I think I might be an asshole.
Big shout out to our new followers , and Getting us over the 250 Followers mark.
nowplaying Sleeping With Sirens  Fire
Meetings, bright and early tomorrow.
AWP begins .
.
.
Simple tip for improving your real estate photography....point your camera straight, do not point up or down.
If you dont be up when i be up u just dnt plan on workin at all do you?
These business hours
RT Student Runs Underground Banned Books Library from her Locker bit.ly/oLzJc8
The new upgrade seems to be very jump and I can't paste things.
Got any tips or suggestions to solve this problem?
TRAFFIC: Disabled Vehicle in Traffic  IB Verona Rd near Raymond Rd  blockage
Siblings reunite amid laughter, questions  San Antonio Express
I just love louis theroux!!
He's so manly !!
HowToGetRejected: Not being One Direction..:
that's great
Hi!
Y'all wanna sign the bring1DtoBoston twitlonger!
My roommate woke up with a centipede crawling on her face.
Ewwww doesn't even begin to describe the way I feel.
Glory Manchester United
Maybe some of these receivers from the crowd have a year or two of eligibility left ...
Reminder: We're CLOSED 45pm today to set up for tonight's Free Play Party!
Just 5 at the door, no quarters needed.
21 only, bring I.D.!
Like turtles they're real sensitive if you knock on them it hurts them, if the fall on their backs they'll die.
You've seen SLC Punk  we all eventually wind up in law school, sans mohawk.
Fists/civilsuits: all the same
makes me smile.
no prob, just DLed ur app, digging ur music!
U ever play in Nashville?
Today is the big day, don't forget to exercise your right to VOTE!
Let's repeal SB5 and celebrate tonight!
At The Barber Shop .
.
i am nothing if not dedicated.
ha!
Those who spend too fast never grow rich.
ah good luck!
and aw thankya i cant wait!
3
cant please everyone
San Diego bound on this movement type shit
O I love that show!!
:
No practice today means I can come home and take a nap!
Ballard Town Hall: Running a city government isn't the same as running a business seamayor jh
come on
It seems to more connected to hormones with men.
Paging Miss Clavel...
Welcome to Boston JaJuan...looking forward to watching you all year long from sec 304 too
Dang Missin my marine :
I know!
Then again, not sure if the twitverse is ready for Cindi
Its so easy for me to get annoyed with people when I'm tired.
Yay!
Tomorrow is finally the day!
Going with my baby to the Britney Spears FemmeFatale show at the A in MIA!
Can't wait!!
:
I just realized the Woman I Love is Music...Aint No Bitch Like Her.
She Excites me.
She's my FireCracker.
Music is My Spark.
I'm Sorry..
Thank you Scott Dvid and Robin Nassif for the awesome classes we had yesterday.
The students couldn't have been more thrilled.
okay took a shower put my hair in braids okay time for bed school tomorrow ugh o well!
NITE
my team meeting tomorrow night near Penn St  7 come by, bring a friend.
RT : RT  jamesandamber Morning doctorve in w/  DARRENHARDY Success mag audio series  Awesome start to the day.
re: Programming Roomate.
Very innovative work.
Merry Christmas everybody!
I hope y'all feel as good as I do right now!
RT:Office2010il: Not familiar with OneNote ?, head over to www.iheartonenote.com to see what real people are doing with it
tired of listening to these wack rappers mixtapes, who got something good?
Just saw a guy wearing a full tilt hat.
Major tool.
OLP at the Masters Conference in DC on eDiscovery Certification panel.
Judge Faciola moderates.
Come  see the fireworks!
I love with all my heart
Keep up the good work!
motivation RT : killed me today!!!!
Thank ma'am!!!!
Getting MIA ready
very astute observation.
remembers stuff only for one side....
But with you my love, with you my love, with you I will return
I wonder how Siri would pronounce 'Zooey'.
Too bad Apple cut it out.
Its been about 4 weeks since New Year's.
How many of you committed to stickK to a resolution and how many of you are still stickKing to it?
you're the jerk!
'Hanover' is getting 'Bentover' on Saturday.
Do it first, do it fast and keep on doing it...
what's wrong?
:/
Chili Chicks n people on the stage, the dance floor n the bar....omg what a freakin party  renegades in wpb.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
What a beautiful day in Los Angeles, I'm ready to start my day :
I'm to the point where I just don't care anymore.
Ii Don't Feel Like Fixing Anything , So Ii Got Me A Bowl Of Cereal.
I'm watching!
RT : Artist Reception Nob Hill tonight from 57pm for Kim Love!
www.kloveart.com
OH!
Lmfao I should be going to the Believe Tour, if I don't...shit will go down  UA :
hid the remotes from me!
Now i have to watch basketball 
It's a little early, but I'm watching christmasvacation again!
That darn Box O' Joe will get ya...
No...YOU have a good day!
Donnell Jones has the best break up song of all time because he realized he was stuck in a wavery median acknowledges he love her but needed
Definitely wanna celebrate Cinco De Mayo.
Who's throwin the banger?
Everyone has a uncle June bug
how can we help u this weekend?
There are very few performance opps for actors w/ disabilities.
interviewed 100 disabled performers  chose 7
nice have fun
Happy Monday!
How was everyone's weekend?
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Mark Twain
did u ask her if she is interested in some part time yard work?
LOL
The old me is dead and gone
Praying for you.
we need you brother.
so I can only say it in dm?
No!
And doctort, because I could use the 1000K.
no thanks.
:
Love Has No Pride, Bonnie Raitt; Song for Adam, ; Accidentally like a Martyr, Warren Zevonshort playlist
Miss ya 3 x
are you going?
I hope you are phattttt as!
WhiteSox Please take Adam Dunn out of the lineup!
Please!
At point reyes, nice n foggy
I'm an idiot
Never live with regret, so I aint dying with guilt.
they probably are having him hold off until they get a clearer picture of whether he qualifies or not
Ooh thx!
yes, I remember how to get to you.
Or I'll call when I'm lost, haha!
Everyone in the organization needs coaching.
Top executives frequently turn to other professorssionals for advise and counseling.
He's 18
Some people can be so idiotic and oblivious sometimes, and can't even see whats in front of them.
: What happened to your followers/following?
: RT : NF again
Lose a friend or two, gain a couple better friends.: I guess life works that way.: I kinda like it.!:
Just tapped, Brewing DBA: Double Barrel Ale
A moment of silence for Indonesian Little Monsters!
Ugh it sucks so bad their show got canceled.
where is this??!
Separation of Church/State?
Does anyone read the Constitution?
These are ppl leading our Country?
hahahahaha hell no brian cardinal looks like he should be playing at the YMCA with the old men
Were here to help so were giving away a FREE promotion tweet.
Subscribe to our website and send us your link
Do you know who else will be at Mosaic?
Catching up on the convo.
Thx 4 the nice comments.
Our team just follows 's lead!
Surg.
Gen.
calls youth smoking epidemic.
Indiana legislators say Hey kids, come on into smoky clubs.
Brilliant.
ENKG let's not forget that today is day 3 for traders with margin calls and this could get interesting.
I wish would have shared his hot sauce recipe to the Browns so that they could have put some on 7's ankle last night.
hahahaha don't tempt me
Wow The Avengers has grossed over 800M at the box office in 1 WEEK!!
That's INSANE!!
The more I watch Game of Thrones, the more it fuels my phony Medieval English accent.
an it was tweet not urs
MT : Aristotle made a 3fold distinction: theory; production; practice.
Yay!!
I just booked a commercial!!!
2 minutes to go in the falcons saints game atlanta up by 3
Thanks, !
Jaime is great!
Glad u enjoyed the preso.
This was a a most beautiful day.
Glad to get back to business
Dec.
15 holiday event!
The public is invited.
Join Denver's ISPI, ASTD  DCF for networking, food, doctornks  helping others.
www.ispifrc.org
there was no baking occurring was it?
Lol
It is wonderful how quickly you get used to things, even the most astonishing
yeah...tupac, you didn't know that was his nick name?
NBAFinals: LeBron comes alive to take it to a seventh game.
Because he likes money and so does the NBA.
Doesn't matter.
Not everyone has or even needs a car these days.
Public transportation can get you to work.
When people subtweet I become a twitter detective to find out who they're talking about.
Love attracts, attachment repels.
I LOVE JUSTIN B.
NEW SONG RIDE!!!
Beware of using words visitors  audience, it makes us a place that they come to.
Doug Borwick, community engagement session
I don't disagree with that.
But they represent the mainstream not the extremes.
Extreams are the ones out of sync.
Can you please help us trend R.I.P.
Kenzie?
A TVD fan committed suicide last night because of hate she was getting on tumblr.
So il
We really like how press releases are indexed so quickly...awesome content marketing opportunities.
Message was sent to Bynum by Brown.
In order to win big we need 30 reb effort every night scoring be damned.
TONIGHT!
Crossing the Delaware, Under Waves, Look I'm Burning, Burn the Ides,  Defender Defeater  The Loft!
See you there!
All I want to do is change the world.
W.
Clement Stone.
hi five friends!
we need to go climbing soon...
It's a FANTASTIC stress reliever
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.
good morning.
How are you?
Really impressed by the innovations of Vidal Sassoon.
Great documentary, !
Have a friend in from Ireland and looking for a fun bar to hit up this weekend.
Suggestions?
ServiceDog411 Thanks for following, will look 4 ur tweets!
Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Why do I feel the need to keep pushing back my finals?
Almost finished!!
When Life Gives You Lemons Make Chocolate Milk Let Them Bitches Just Sit Stare Wonder How The Hell Did They Do That?
SwagLikeThat 3
I have to get two shots
Part 2 of our Season Finale in 30 minutes and counting...
When we humbly serve our God, we are happiest for we're not wanting.
When we serve our ego, we're always wanting  therefore always unhappy.
I wish I understood why nutrition advice to men is Eat whole, unfried foods To women, it seems to be cut calories, by eating fake food.
I would do it anyway.
If it speeds up donor time great, but seems to be another blantant FB PR move before IPO.
Last Month I pinged like hill to tell him that I'm back to UAE and he just replied...
Great :
Aww!
Night, love you too!
My 2012 Immigration Webinar Series includes June 28th event on Investing in America  Immigration Options for International Investors...
Great job, !
wait, which one?
I want just a solid chocolate bar.
You don't even know how much I want the weekend.
School blows.
I wouldn't be lying if I told you I've only gone 2 days this week...
Ion fk wit new niggaz
Theres always that one person whod do anything for you.
thats the one you should marry.
Z...sleep with the Angels my friends xo
Just to doublecheck/clarify: leftanchored search doesn't take words like the, a, an, etc.
into account, right?
The final poster designs are coming up for Rising, Knock, Rings, and Prism.
and I are hard at work on them.
JO
Its so true!You alwys think the next 1 cld be the 1  Grandma isnt taking my money tht I sat 3 hrs trying to get
Nice!
Something to mop up the meat sweats
for sure...I think a WR steal available in later rounds
Mizzou players dancing on the court to rub their win in Baylor's face.
Stay classy, Mizzou.
What a nice little eve of HH with the gals at Dickson and then some ramen  milk/cookies at w/!
Just had to move from my lunch spot because the two dudes behind me were talking about the Game of Thrones books.
Don't spoil it for me!
It was really good.
Cheers to all mothers out there!
I raise my glass to you:
listening to on  this is love
No problem :
Why people are always lie?
Back to running and it feels so good
You got a sharp eye honey
thanks for the follow!!!!
Hello Branko: Great to see you here on Twitter.
We have 1/2 Price Bottle Wednesday all Day and Night!
All Bottles off the Menu are 1/2 Price!
nothing to observe yet, tho he's only worn it a few times.
It looks super hippie
We agree!
I can tell im gonna like this LA fitness membership
Wake up to find out that you are the eyes of the world...
At first Friday in Philly!
cause I love food yo lol
Happy Easter Everyone!
Jesus rose from the dead on this glorious day  I hope God has blessed your life in many ways.
blessed 3
Did you add any special touches to your wedding invites to make them unique?
Made the worst decision of my life in 2005 and again in 2008.
A true FML x100.
Just have proper exercise and good body posture.
It will help a lot!
is sleeping curled up in her seat.
DogStatus...
Still don't see how she is, my dad's doctorving like a maniac.
hes really god
Who doesn't love last minute casting?
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!
THANK YOU for your ongoing heartfelt support and interest in Naked Health.
I am passionate  dedicated to give you
Thanks Have a Rockin Weekend!
I TOLD YOU NOT TO TELL ANYBODY!!!
Forrester segments ebuyers as spearfishers and shrimpers.
RT : Your New Year's Resolution should be an actual RESOLUTION!
Your business/church/nonprofessort/club can support INTransit:...
New episode of the hilarious / series tonight on !
Play along and get rewarded by !
Sorry you cant say that to me then expect me to continue talking to you.
just let me know.
I'm down.
RT More women entrepreneurs win  in than percentage of participants.
Woop!
PPC SOCAP11 socent
Getting very depressed over the fact that I'm almost done with the Hunger Games series...
what's next?!
No CLIPPERS?
RT : Staying home tonight.
Have to be up early tomorrow.
So pizza.wings.
movies it is :
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
Mario Andoctortti
thanks for following us back!!!
check out our music when you get a chance!
I'm missing Jack White live on YouTube :'
iPhone available on Verizon...
NOW!
I'm going to wait to see if ATT network improves when many switch over.
Ok, ok, I'm contracted...
No plans tonight?
Browse the KM website!
www.kmcamera.com
morning world.
So far I've been hit on by a gross cabbie and got mascara on my eyeball.
Now where's the train and who's buyin me coffee
Only rachael and I would be this spontaneous to due my hair at 4 in the morning.
goodbyeblondie :
Hey, Jay, would you like to speak to my class at ASU some time about athletes and politics?
I'm in the History Dept.
I agree it's important.
Though, makes me wonder how long b4 a pill to prevent cancer comes along.
DASA says all teachers trained in bully prevention and intervention but DASA doesn't define training ...sign up teachers for navy sealsdone
It's an exciting time at the GoldenGlobes at the Bev Hilton!
Yay for awards season!
Gotta love wearing my tux!
I'm not on a plan, but his stuff is good!
It's fun to get 401k statements  see how much your  grows!
:
You're never alone with a  smartphone.
A puts national avg for unleaded reg.
gasoline at 3.73 a gallon.
That's below where it stood week ago, month ago and yr ago.
Show this Thursday at the grape room in manayunk.
If there's anyone who can score a run this inning, its Plush
I hope if they Lakers lose bandwagoners will learn their lesson.
Interesting to note, douglasbruce attorney David Lane represented Ward Churchill.
Moogy's is fine.
Check their Facebook page.
The fire is across the street.
RT : Makes great copy!
We've been told ours is only photo collection of US artists of Latino African Asian  Native Am.
heritage
Yay, getting my phone taken away.
Just lovely
Cant see flash on my iphone for your portfolio right now but you are beautiful!
I love that you were a Snuggie girl!
Passion should not be used to throw equipment.
Have minimal standards, please.
If in living room, it won't be a shared space.
Would rather have it in guest room, but only if it was the only thing in there.
my damn ipod is broken and doesnt charge anymore time go to the apple store
Super Bowl Sunday, who you got?
doctornken moment lets
yeah cause I have no pool to go to :
Walk off wild pitch win.
I'd take it.
May have gone too hard with OccupyTequila last night...if that's possible...
I hear the new Time Magazine is the new swimsuit edition for sports illustrated
Lucky are the ones who are followed by 
Wear loose, dark clothing when you visit us for a tan  youll reduce the risk of any color transfer onto your fave white tee!
;
Heck yea!
RT : pause for the cause!
it's time for Pilates !!!
Whoa indeed.
Thanks so much!
You can leave a message!
We'll send you an emergency phone number to your email addoctorss, just in case.
A Fly Just Landed On My Tv.
thanks for following and for the listing!
Headed out  about in Chicago tonight!
I'm gonna make my own kites one day that advertise my kite company that will never truly exist merely so I can deny people nonexistent kites
I kinda wanna doctorss up today.?
About to go lima heights on this
I can't wait till MY BIRTHDAY Still don't know what to do.
Any idea's?
Well, then I'll just suggest you stop by the Music Library and pick up some CDs for the ride.
Have a good trip!
Now following
Heard Barnicle comment on our 'HistoryTeaching', well how do I teach my Blck History in this country with pride 2 my childoctorn?
If I had a nickel for everytime I heard why is dwade taking that last shot?!
Where is Lebron?!
I'd be rich sports are too stressful for me
Super jealous of runners.
My knees just won't let me do it!
Brooklyn1/2Marathon
is nerding around Ann Arbor
May we all be more generous with our lovingkindness today.
Happy Love and Compassion day to you and your loved ones.
Hope there will b a chance i will meet them ,
Music makes the world go 'round.
Girl, I know you walk faster on the treadmill with surround sound!
Keep walking!
Faster.
Superintendent McCarthy on protests in Chicago today: ....relatively busy but uneventful day.
He reports ZERO arrests today.
Never hurt the one you love, because you also end up hurting yourself in the long run!.....
I hope you can tell I'm joking :
You'll just have to come visit next time you're in town!
Remember my sentimental friend, you will be judged not by how much you love, but by how much you are loved.
Wizard of Oz
President Obama speaking about Osama Bin Lauden's death.
Hurray!!
S/O to a NF she seem real cool
Hope and are down for suggins for dinner
trying to remember why I thought it was a good idea to come here
Realizing Dakota Laden is only a sophomore 
Spent a wonderful night at AMC's Highland Center: nestled in the White Mountains...great for families, hikers, skiers  outdoor fans.
the lonely end of the rink.
Good song any other good hockey songs I need to be aware of?
we so live
Everyone please wish a very Happy Birthday!
Hard doctorve crashed last week, hopefully it can be saved as well as the photos from the shoots!
such a pain in the ass!
flips calendar over Oh, look, midterms.
sighs
Had fun at a former player's home.
He's heading into the Navy Monday.
His family and friends are so hospitable, great people!
This song is a little softer.
A bit more classic.
Reading/listening doesn't equal training.
If I read 1000 books about flying an airplane, would you fly with me to Hawaii?
Ha!
Reverbnation is shaky on the best of days.
Working on a website so hopefully that will make it easier in the future :
hahaha!
that's great :
youlookgoodbut looks fade
Am grateful for all of you who've crossed my path in one way or another.
Have a great Thanksgiving, everybody!
you can contact and ask them to add WTTW Prime to their line up or use an OTA Antenna.
Having to much pride can be a terrible thing.
Been there done that.
i really will tweet u
thank u Jason.
They did a great job with that film.
Very proud of our work for it!
Thanks and all the best!
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 9
Clinic Picnics  Outdoor Picnics
: games are fun, but do they really need to have a Jack's glass commercial for every foul ball?/Jack's is awesome
What am I doing out of da house so early????
Oh that's right, its wednesday!!!
Kickin it in class, till noon.
Thanks for the follow.
Please check out our web site and see how we can work together to help families detect doctorg use in the home
: hey dude, can u block someone?
lay off of H.G.
got tired of having his privacy invaded and decided to fight back.
Totally understandable.
Another productive day at the offices.
Getting closer to beta testing phase.
Who's ready to start Spooning?
THREE new libraries, FORTYSEVEN new tunes, and you even get the added bonus of the sweet dulcet tones of our VOICES on a few cuts!!
new orleans, i'll see you soon.
can't wait...
yes it could go either way; just hope Jones wins.
Now that i know my algebra teacher looks at my tweets, im gonna have step my curse game up a notch...Fuck Bill O'Reilly
I say yee haw!
RT i may or may not have bought 3 pairs of shoes today.
I considered doing the same.
RT Turned the Brewer game off, they can't lose if no one watches right?
Our design partner takes on the government!
Metropolis Magazine: bit.ly/kKJk21 via
I bet you the White House reached out to Daily Show or Colbert writers for that speech.
It was great.
U can make more frnds in 2 mos by being interested in others than you can in two yrs by trying 2 make others interested in youDale Carnegie
sucks to be a star LOL
Well lucky for you, you're other good taste in music saved you.
You're still my friend ;
Nope nothing new always falling asleep on me n then waking ME UP early the next day!!
: Haha great!
And that's not new 
Breakfast Check!
Hit like if yo made time for a healthy breakfast.
Jersey shore at nine yayyyy boy
nigga okay i got something for your ass lol
Gettin hyped for tonight!!!!!!!
lol.
Nope.
We only have 2 more spaces left  one is the kitchen, that'll be in 2 years.
The other is a closet next year!
Hey !
Thanks for the warm welcome.
bah!
im gonna have to use iMovie one last time for this video, but the next one will be on Adobe Premiere Pro CS5 with TRUE 720p!
:D
Please do!
Safe travels, where are you off to?
wheres all my wisconsin people???
craving an apple slushy from the orchard..
m.
Quote: All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
Ellen Glasgow
Dear Dad Do suicide bombers leave notes?
We would love to see your pick for Best New Exhibitor and Best Booth Design!
Hope to see you in Atlantic City!
Making it rain!
lol : girls with good pussy are very spoiled individuals
Only thing that calms me is shopping.
NP The symphonic version Michael Jackson's Smooth Criminal at the coffee shop.
Kinda dig it.
When I die, put 2 Pennies in my eyes, cuz it aint free to ride when you see the other side, Lately I' been feelin like a:
Can anyone help Matt?
// RT : Have any greekchat put together LO's 4 their Greek community?
I'm talking specific, measurable ones
Bull Pin watxhing that maniac doctorK go in on the 1's and 2's!!!
Just got a bottle of Mountain Dew made with real sugar.
Because it's important to me that nasty poison is made without corn syrup.
congrats kasper!
Miss you guys
Can there be ONE peaceful/nice day in this fucking house?!
I just got home, come on now....
No Fab Melo!!!!
Syracuse is in trouble!!!
cross them out on your bracket!!!
How r u not gonna at least wait for a dead ball.
She was spotted up for a wing 3.
Imagine if called you beautiful and said he loves you33 I would be the happiest girl alive:
great job tonight!
Maku, Trina and Barbara are our best massage therapists and could help your back with a massage anytime Call 301.585.0888
What has the AP ever gotten right, I ask you?
Girls who wear heels to school YouAin'tCute
google the band godPawn, they are blowin up for real...
I love it!
Industrial Activist Rap!
is snoozing lol!!
bringing it back with some
4 weeks till go back home
The heat is back on in my house.
That is not a subtle Valentine's Day message.
The boiler was out.
What's that a reference to?
lol
did i ever tell you your my favorite Ian !!!
thank you!
i hope to see you and carlos soon :
were experiencing some email issues  if they bounce back please sit tight  waiting on some DNS servers to update thx!
Making Earl Grey.
You may not know this, but the secret to a good tea is the preritual dance before the kettle boils.
Thanks for the mention!
I wish its goin on my ep RT : Me too u need to leak dat asap
Off to the parades for Mardi Gras!
What do a deviled egg, Puff the Magic doctorgon and a giant penguin all have in common?
So my ex girlfriend got me addicted to website.
Now I've gotten my current gf addicted.
Let's go see Rusko!
He wants to be the man you fall for, when everybody else is falling for you.
Who you callin lazy ass, hm?
My bf is out tonight and suddenly it seems quite dandy to eat Vons brand mac n cheese from the pot for a 4pm dinner.
Where are all the Mac developers?
If you are one and want something interesting to do, contact me.
It's time to step up, Joe.
Have you seen my stapler?
I hear you completely agree!
But talk of helping often leads to unfortunate community outreach.
Mutual respect is key.
I'm not a Christian you simple bastard.
I'm just tired of you crybaby Atheist pissing and moaning about their sad lot in life.
oopsie moment in keynote: Hilton talks about Nines, uses screen shot from Alison Booth's Women's Bios project.
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11!!!!!
5ADMISSION
We will liberate you!
call me
Thanks to everyone that helped us pack peabodys over capacity!!!
Your all amazing!
RT : The ballots are here, the ballots are here!
Check your mailbox and vote for today!...
Great day in Hermosa during the Hennessey's World SUP  Paddleboard Championships!
Congrats to all the paddleoboarders who participated!
Thank you, Phillip.
The B3Brewery will be shooting the first episode of On Tap on March 13th.
This webisode will illustrate how to make a Fat Tire beer.
Thank you and great report!
I've been thinking about setting my house on fire..
3
This girl is crazy.
3
RT : Spring GalleryNight is a week away, and Judith Ann has some suggestions for your evening of art viewing....
well thank you friend!
..
have a great monday !
I didnt kno it was dis much..
We only got 5 rooms done  working on 1 now  3 more 2 go.
Mavssss!
Now that's what I'm talking about...
That was a totally different team than the one I saw opening day
Classes for 2011 forming now  www.policemountainbiketraining.com
BERKLEE: on WED May 9, peeps with items out or 20 in fines will get a LibraryBlock Pls RT!
's birthday is tomorrow!
I wish i can get an invitation!!!
Funny, I have your story open right now, though you weren't the trigger for that comment.
There is a place in Madison that fixes them for about 100.
I will look for the website.
Rose played 6 games since March 12, Shumpert was 101 in NBA in minutes per game.
Pure coincidence both went down on Saturday.
Is it just me or has anyone else heard a noise ar night and walk around your house scared as hell saying hello?
Anyone there!
how did you get the good rate at the hotel???
what is your magical secret?
ITS RAINING  I JUST TOOK A HOT SHOWER!!!
FINNA CUDDLE
deficits tripled under Reagan, doubled under Baby Bush
Just an FYI that I'm a trumpet player, is the DJ.
Life works in mysterious ways
Follow us?
Were the only Carrie  Lauren twitter.
RT : Support small businesses.
I need like 5,000 more followers this year.
By December I need to be at 7k
Well no work for me today.
Gotta be super dad to my sickie.
TRRUUU 2Chainz voice
thanx God  : sike but u gotta feel me
The F3 highlight roll off is really bad, if Canon nailed that, then I'd put it over sony.
Things are so much better now!
I have my best friend back and I am more happy now then I have been in a long time :
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity
Tyme to lay the mind to rest!
If I didn't have fond memories of the show, I'd prob think the movie was a hoot.
Maybe it will be as good as Ed Wood
ah yes, Special Collections.
we also just did an inventory in one of our RB libs.
not me luckily.
they used printouts :
snapbacks and tattoos.
BAA students gearing up for next week shows: The Wedding Band and Twelfth Night !
Tickets email:
but I don't neeedd them there fantasys I want tthe real thingg :: I wanna cry
: happy birthday boo boo thank you sexy ; wish I was ta school woulda made a scene smh ahah ily
acid rock, country rock  hard rock were all geological terms before they were music genres
lol !
hey so bingo players is a GO :!
FF back at ya and thank you.
Mine just started did u go anywhere for spring break?
:
Joakim Noah's jumper is as ugly as he is
Those holidays get you every time!
Weird how Bruno Mara speaks my life in his songs
Anytime Bro!
schoolmemories, This Whole Week : .
The Night School band blog has been updated with info about a special performance.
Go to www.nightschooled.blogspot.com to check it out.
where are you?
truth RT : What is it about photoshoots that make me want to eat cupcakes??
Good job!
T.Swift won 2 Grammys :D but Adele totally stole the show
My 15 month old daughter just put my socks down the toilet.
This is too funny!
Love it!
I'm starting his classes really soon .
how's it going
I need a new laptop messenger bag suitable for travel and daily use.
A clean and cool look is a must, and I like lots of pockets.
Thank you for the RT!
I know Shelfari links to your Amazon purchases.
Since I have a Nook, is there any comparable service that links to your BN account?
Hey!
I need to follow some new people!!!
suggestions!!!
We weren't going to make Johnny sit at home and do nothing after we had already planned to take him somewhere.
hey sexi.
The defense caasted too much doubt.
The state had a burden without a cause of death in a murder trial.
i love you guys
You got a friend in me!!
RT : well surprising still alive however could use some more human friends!
Sarah Palin to do a tribute to Nate Dogg and Warren G, DeRegulate.
I don't remember Kansas's non conference schedule in '07, but your argument was about this year's 'Cuse team, not the 85 Bears.
Just heard the first two tracks on Organ Fantasies.
In the words of Christopher Walken, Wow!
Wowie wow wow wow!
shot his hand off MF ing gangsta
It'd violate contract with Hillyer Art Space to set up a Slip N' Slide on 5/5.
Per se.
But it'll be...comparable.
Neither do I, but I was watching the game on CBC.
Gotta love living in the great white north LOL
I was pretending to sleep cause you do the creepy popcorn trick to me at the movies...
Honored to be nominated a 3rd time by readers as Buffalo's Best Comic.
Im saddened that was snubbed again though
The Hunger Games?
Are they hungry in that?
Just overheard fans talking, here's the question that was asked.
What's that slide for.
Speechless.
The US dollar has rebounded, and stock markets have gained in Asia after US President Barack Obama said Osama Bin Laden was dead.
wouldn't be good advice unless I corrected you...
501c's
''If you're walking down the street with a boyfriend, don't put your arms around him.
Something terrible will happen!'' my grandma
we have a lot of education to go!
Do you usually use Apple?
well i guess that we are gonna all load up in a couple vehicles and then toss all the groceries in the back of my truck
lol i thought maybe u were havin g a morning quickie or something lol crash boom bang it couldbve been lol
Hey its BK, Would you give up steak for more happy?
New research shows that vegetarians are happier than meat eaters.BTW pass the brisket.
Great to meet Min Song of journal JAAS at
Yes, I think that would do nicely.
Where are those directions again?
;
spaghettio's for lunch!
Will I ever be enough?
Is anyone using the Wisdom app for facebook?
What do you think of it?
damn rite dats my team too
It is one thing to win, and yet another to make proper use of your victory.
Was down to one chip now i have a whole stack!
How did that happen?
HHJ Cooke rules in Warwick v.
TTEE in BR of Yarwood case involving an alleged disposition made before BR petition: EWHC 2272.
and I don't get to watch his videos anymore : all I do all day is hw
: People will treat you the way you let them.
standup respect// nice!!!
I had to buy it because somehow I had no GBV in my library at all and I haven't found my cd albums to unpack and load it.
NP Mac Miller lucky ass bitch
I notice that more people eat with their mouths open that those that do with their mouths closed.
Lol so this lady took like 15 minutes putting gas, and then she gets in her car, and gets back out to smoke a cig.
Lmao people these days!
you guys are mean to me.
:
Aw baby ;D
I wish that I could go the F to sleep right now but alas, there are pages to be written and no naps on my schedule.
:
RT : Knicks also getting Corey Brewer from Minnesota in the three team trade.
Curry and Randolph go to Minny
I am so inspired!
Thank you You, my friends, kick ass
Can anyone recommend someone who installs preexisting Wordpress themes at a reasonable price?
any updates on the Cedar Park project?
Client's flight cancelled, so we are going to work on his song via Web Cam today.
why weren't you at school today, missy?
Thank you :
Man U fans getting butt hurt because of Tevez, disgusting and sick HE DOESN'T ACTUALLY WANT THE GUY TO DIE NUMB NUTS, it's symbolic...
True statement.
Messi  Beckham are likely on a strict nochickentaco diet.
SportsGeniusMikeFacts ;
dude in south Florida........
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Reformatting 10 Year Old NCR Desktop from Windows 2000 to Windows XP For a Child to play games...
Grimaldis is next  I'll lobby to make a final stop at Best.
I have eaten 7 slices already, though...3 were Sicilian...
One extends one's limits only by exceeding them.
M.
Scott Peck
Why do teachers use a bamboo cane?Because when the cane goes 'bam' the child goes boo!
tiempo con mi mommy!!
:
We're excited to celebrate the release of our Spring Interiors issue this Thursday at Hold It Home!
For all my fellow Raven fans make sure you follow if you need help catching the Purple Playoff Passion look no further!
are you guys going camping?
Your beachwear says it all, girlfriend.
Literally have never been so happy to say TGIF in my life!
I'm at the City Championship track meet with Lexi!!
I'm so excited  nervous!!
Someone wake me up at 9am.
Please!!!!!!
I'll greatly appreciate it!!!!
I heard William is a Prince For cocktails hang w/ Wiliam the bartender at
I wonder if you think of me or if you do at all.
Going to the Graphics of Americas show next week in Orlando.
Will be nice to get some sun!
Thank you so much and !!
Best fans in the world are Dodgers fans!!!!
you're cute and i love you so much
Why is it that every time i see Al Franken I automatically think...I'm good enough, I'm smart enough and dog gone it, people like me!
I am  Tacoma General Dying an these idiots want billing and insurance info!!!!!
WTF!!!
So glad he really knows me, he hears me  is concerned about me!
Your welcome, all the best!
I agree.
What do you think are the biggest downsides/obstacles to the new layout?
The others said I wouldn't be caught dead there?
RT : Invited back every living explayer..
why just the living ones
Haha ; Why arent you at the Lucia libre show at the dome??
So happy to see this coming to town.
A great addition to the Atlanta DAM community!
You Won Monday's Bobcat Contest!
Follow us and then direct message us your addoctorss on Twitter.
Who should be held responsible for your failures?
Hey Larry!
KTP invited me to come see you perform on Saturday.
What venue are you playing at?
Is the crew going too?
Thank you!!
: new music on the way soon!
Hope your day was awesome!!!!!
click click click click click
Do you think a mock EOC test has to exactly mirror the real EOC test?
I'd love to add short answer responses to my mock tests.
Best NBA playoffs I can remember in 15  20 years
Waterproof boots for the slush!
The EPIC battle for last place!
what do you have going on tomorrow night?
TheHours really cleared a few things up in my head.
Happy birthday from us as well
My face hurts from smiling all day.
But it comes natural although you had something to do with that
Okay, that's more like it.
Hot dog seemed too extreme.
I wish I was in the windy city, it sounda baller!
YW.
Thank u for all you give to BBN.
YouKnowYoureAnOldMahomie if you remember when Austin answered all of his DMs and tweets from us
Yeah, it's all abt u.
Let's exonerate u first, justice for the victim can wait.
hahahaha thanks, needed that laugh!
doctorssed like its 80 degrees out.
Let's do this thang.
What are two of the best places youve ever stayed?
Respect to japan for hangin in there!
Let's go
thats co : thats my cousin name .
ooh yeaa ..
whats that website you told me of your followers to see whos followin?
Welcome to the team Nick Meyer and Colt Cubillos!!!
the one with financial aide?
of course you are hip, Martha.
I will go fisticuffs with anyone who says different.
OnThisDay in 1988, Prince released LOVESEXY.
Some stores refused to sell it due to the nude cover.
Any Prince fans out there?
Told ya
ESPN Insider Package Launch Date is set for Aug.
6.
Will include ESPN projected stats, news, notes
So Whitney died because of doctorwning
DM ME THAT JOINT AGAIN SO I'LL MAKE SURE I GOT IT
Join this Friday for the first cleveland CriticalMass of 2011!
Join the group at Hoopples at 7:30 if you can't ride!
Hawaiian rules says: Age is relative  when you're over the hill you pick up speed.
It only makes the reader aware ur actually human.
And no1 has a perfect life
So happy you are here Jovial!
xoxo
NEWS  9/11: Where Were You?
The September 11th attacks may have been a decade ago, but our memories of them are still fresh.
We want to he
Lets Do!
RT : Me too.RT : I want to meet the crew Guaranteed doctornks  laughs will flow!
Kenny needs a body guard for himself because Beliebers fangirl over him like we do Justin.
We even tried to rip his shirt off once, lmao.
I have a question do you any affordable and good script doctor?
I just posted that question on scriptchat ...
or Scott Suggs
So my bestfriends mad at me.....
Yay
Trying to decide if this is something TOO frivolous or if it's something I'll get the money's worth from, you know?
:P
: Girls are heartless.
Not all of them.
Heading to the orthopedic.
Lets see how that goes.
Correction: I meant I don't want singers to flip R's when singing in English.
Just about to eat the best sushi with the best wife in the whole wide world
Well iGuess Callin is Out The Question .
I'm in my otha car bout to buy my otha car
I've only read the first two, but I'm hooked.
Jack Bauer is getting the credit Mitch Rapp deserves.
Just got about 9 thuh uh uh uh uh uh  Yankees win by JohnSterling thats when you know it was a good game.
HELLO!!
Shout outs to everyone for helping promoting my music!
:
On the threshold waiting for final clearance.
Waiting on an incoming flight.
Blondes have more fun!
Is there any way you could lend me some money, maybe 20 million dollars?
Officially know the whole president's song, I'm ready for you APUSH exam!
Alright, you got me.
I started singing it in my head during church.
lol!!
I meant holy trinity but thhanks bff for your approval lol!
you are so angry, your wife must be an angel!
knows the words to ALL the songs on Cinderella.
I know a lot of bitchass dudes.
Get.
it the.
Fk.
Together.
WorldSeries starts today!
Get out to your nearest Bartab venue  grab a 1 doctornk while you catch the action!
Who are you guys for?
I LIKE THAT.
YOU SPEAK NOTHING BUT THE REAL AND YOU MOTIVATE A LOT OF US TO STRIVE FOR THE BEST IN LIFE.
THANK YOU BIG BRO.
thanks so much for the work you do!
dude you should follow me, i made me keek back in december to follow you:
going to the doctor
of course!
Hollywood's love affair grows w/Portland.Producer learns David E.Kelley's med.doctorma Monday Mornings will be set here.
Buffalo chicken dip and 90 Minute
We've recently had a ton of sales traffic  writing 3 offers in the past 2 weeks!
We think the Milwaukee real estate market is coming back.
next saturday boy
guys we cant do anything about it.
he's 16, okay?
chill.
he's gonna do what all other 16 year olds will do.
he's just a kid.
screw TMZ
When you need your friends the most but they are never their for you.
Congrats on becoming a big sister!
That's really exciting!
A much needed trip to ALABAMA,,,, TEAM JESUS
My coworkers are making fun of me.....:
: kitchens that don't update their orders concerning Jacket sizes.
wearingXXLwhenI'maSmall kitchenpetpeevesoops
DOUG!
how are things long time not talk?!?!
thank you potna
No matter how many times you hurt me I cant get over you No matter how many times you treat like dirt like nothing I can't stop loving you 
is National open yet?
Get a coney dog!!
Great burger from Kopp's Frozen Custard in Brookfield, WI!
Now THAT is a burger!
i just wanna be a backup dancer on a Beyonce tour ONE time...lol i swear them girls dance their asses off!!!
im coming home today!!!
Honestly, you are dumb.
SPRING QUESTION: Who has decided to clean with allnatural ingredients, ecofriendly products from now on?
yeah love you to.
Lol
If the grizz win this game they better Win the entire series
doctorw still hasnt quite figured out the wheel.
Bob used to know right where it would land.
Tough loss, but hey do we hang up SEC Championship banners or Nat'l Championship banners?
LET'S GO!
email to talk.
Really done with the continuous heavy machinery noise outside my office.
doing a lot of things..
full agenda :S
Lopez: Was in so much pain herself, afraid she might pass out.
Resisted.
I just kept thinking this could be the last time I get to see her
you got the rally cap on?
In grace something is transcended, once and for all overcome
The Faulkner stuff alone is amazing; I remember getting to see a ton of it as part of a Faulkner/Hawthorne class.
Another sign your cell carrier is to big.
Being told you have to wait 30 minutes to talk to a TECH regarding purchase of a new case!
Lebron says he is a Yankees fan,i highly doubt it,he plays more like a Mets fan in the clutch lol
Rainy day so that means inside exercise  light fish dinner success one day at a time
Inelegant people have higher salariesthe money you want.
It takes more than an episode to hook us.
Give complex shows a chance.
I hope the dolphins atleast trade down a couple spots if they get tannehill
Juggling soap in prison because you're a fearless bastard.
Oh nonsense , you're in denial.
You know I love you most.
I love deathnote!!!
yes ma'am!
Around etown.
i used to like you.
now you like me.
love is playing on us.
Of course you do, and no one can stop you.
But there's an artistry to using social media.
You don't have to care.
Please, please promise me that you will make the new American Fact Finder better before you switch from the old?
It is awful
I'll be at today.
Come and say hi!
not a problem with them!
Thats just the most my phone has gone off in a while.
I thought I was popular for a moment
Pete Batty's Geo Rant on Ordnance Survey in Stratford was hilarious yet brilliant!!!
LOVED!
when a girl brings her boyfriend for a girls night out 
I got 4000 followers guys:
The day you don't clean your room your mom goes in your room and the days your room is clean your mom never goes in there.
just beautiful this pic right here!!!!!
Jenny Holzer appreciates a good bit of scandal on a friday afternoon.
konygate RT HUMOR IS A RELEASE
Report Says Andoctorid Market Is Number One Source of Mobile Malware
Can't decide if I'm gonna study for this final tomorrow; I should at least look at the study guide.
Colossians 3:2224.
Guess I'm studying
Are you going the Five Boro Bike Tour this Saturday?
Yes!
We are either the sum total of our failures or our successes...or a blended mess!
..do you believe that the person who does whatever suffers no consequence With God?
As oppose to the one who does there best?
Broken heart.
Hahaha, sweet!
Thanks for the shout out!
Hope you get to feeling better
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering  and it's all over much too soon.
A man without a generation RT : Or maybe I'm just befuddled because I was born in 1979 and can't decide whether I'm Gen X or Y.
:
Looking forward to hearing Evgeny Kissin for the first time tomorrow night at Carnegie hall.
Robot Plays Angry Birds
The common wealth of VA
I play withreal live bands,not loops or sequencers or tracks,thats how Iroll....OK?
that's my Sunday's for ya, miss you
You too!
Checking y'all off my aam2012 bucket list!
If the Browns can actually pull off a trade for Ben Tate, we instantly upgrade the run game.
That's 2 positions we would be better at so far
Love THIS SHOW IS AMAZING!!!!
And they just announced Season 2!!!!
I'm 100 in
Lol!
Still finding my way up, my friend!
RT all you have to do is put in your tweets you'll rocket to the top!
I ate captainin crunch and felt like a Canadian.
Balls to the walls.
We're playing our album release show tonight at double door in Chicago!
Come on out!
SUSHI CULTURE Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market Street MThurs Lunch Hours 11am2:30pm Free Delivery Available.
SUSHI CULTURE
Isn't that, like, 3500?
I still think you come up short.
Hey  we have our first live art/theater show happening December 16th.
The beginning of a lot more to come!
if we didnt want him to come here, we wouldnt have tuned in to see where he was going, lets not be hypocrits
So excited to be part of 's ROWE celebration tomorrow morning.
Resultsfocused education is where it's at!
Hopefully February will provide more free time than January has
omg he is amazing
Can I get REFILL....I LOVE THAT SONG
You only get one chance to make it the best, and be happy that you're living life in peace
Taco Tuesday!
Have you tried our Mahi Fish Tacos?
It is definitely a fan favorite!
For a brief period time last night, the UN was highly productive.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.19
NowPlaying J cole Dollar and a doctoram
Limbaugh charges Obama has declared war on marriage.
Limbaugh's 1st, 2nd, and 3rd wives could not be reached for comment.
Doing homework, and killing pouty bitches in my mind.
Sem G: Wisser: hierarchy of surrogacy  collection, EAD, MARC
Wish I lived in England.
Gotta say besides the Checker and Black Cab you look like a fun way to get across town.
Run off the road by an angry mailman from Plymouth, Mass
Dieting onthego?
Try a Cup of White Chicken Chili for just 139 calories.
My Quote of the Day  Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women., Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
and spit in his tea:
Listening to Kem If It's Love....thinking about a very beautiful woman.
Looking for film or multimedia projects needing composers.
can't wait to rock my sweet Buckeyes gear from this weekend at the OSU v UM game
nah you told Kierra
I knew it.
: Walker Raises and Spends More Money than Any Candidate in Wisconsin History, most from outside Wisconsin
Councilmember Gadman was supported by firefighters this last election cycle yet he remains publically silent on the closing of.
Station 35
I have a better idea for you guys...
ok, not sure where my phone is.
:
Thanks for the mention in Smart Marketers Daily !
...sry 4 the late response looking fwd 2 your insights
Sounds like is already cleaning up at the HHAwards tonight.
So happy for them!!
Fingers crossed for
Aw, Colin and Meryl 3
I don't think Walker has specficially said where the defense funds come from.
We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.
Ronald Reagan
Happy Holidays 2u  ur family!
All the best!!
During a probable cause hearing is it required to have a defendant be present?
RIPshanedawson WHAT?
NO!
: Thirty minutes until the next train.
You're a joke!
Get with the program.
My goodness!

You have given me some ideas and made me aware of enchanting and potions.
I'm new to Minecraft.
Thank you!
Yes!
This is great!
:
: Watching this documentary on Vince Lombardi.
Changing my mind set right now.
Getting excited right now love this
Head, spinning.
Decisions, terrifying.
Thank you for following back!
:
Did you know?
It was Julia Pansy Rule who was the first woman to have doctorven The golden spike.
hbrchat  People need to be socially responsible.
Businesses are not people.
Tweet this!
Mothereffer!
agreed, if my dick is getting sunburned it's because I'm out bein nekkid in nature, not from a claustrophobic bluelit coffin
Dont care what i look like anymore..just ready for school to be over
glad he's not scared to ride it anymore!
Ziah may try and race him in her Camero
idk I'm getting them too
what ever you're filled with must come out...so I encourage you be filled with the word.
And your bible jokes we be righteous and funny.
Sabre spotted at hollywood party..
Buzz lightyear, the joker  keha sporting the nevermind ltds.
gonna go get tatted soon
hahaha I am very sorry.
Maybe I make it up to you
Hundoctords of people are watching Whitney's service LIVE on ZenLive.tv right now  come watch and chat.
RT
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
A new contract signed this morning with a Fortune 500 firm is a great way to begin 2012!
Go Team Fresh!!
ff shout out to everybody 3
I need more friend n followers ......
I need 20followers
Thanks for coming to EVV!
You rock!
That's an interesting theory I hadn't considered.
Might have to ponder that adjustment.
what happened?
Cincinnati bound in a  hour.
I hope!
Can't wait to see the Reds!
So this guy officially has a girlfriend :o
To much rain for how I'm feelin..
standing on the verge of gettin' it on
More cutaway ideas.
Peter having kidney stones.
Lois going through menopause.
The family going on vacation to iraq.
As well as the soft rb rappers u need the gangsta rap shit in ya sytem too....you gotta have both,, hip hop cant be one sided
Sort of Popular
Sushi on the Rock  Mother's Day 
Saw on SB Nation's mock NFL doctorft that they have the Steelers taking Alabam LB Dont'a Hightower.
There's another Pro Bowler.
: Throwing my Iittle cousin into a shark tank..
YOLO that's just messed up...lol
just gotta know if you wanna do tackle or touch
RT : Just finished setting up a couple of College Football fantasy/pick leagues and now watching I have a problem.
Listen to quadjacks.com now.
I AM CRYING RIGHT NOW.
HE LOOKS SPNDIFFERNT PF AGFJNEIRHDENDJJ
he's already going to sleep.
uuuggghhh.
Today Gaza fired an antitank weapon at clearly marked Israeli school bus.
By chance, most students had disembarked minutes before.
Watching Young Adult; surprised to see that Charlize Theron lives in a building where I used to go to parties.
kind of.
I'm glad to get out of school, but I don't know about after :/
Husky Summary; Rain and Pain
hi dolls, is melena i'm here to say hi.
Ah my day was perfect watched one of my favorite movies Stand by Me, the did a little front porch sitting and a little fishing !
no she most certainly didn't
She must be talking about her followers and her fellow cons/baggers then...
Welcome, my friend.
Is the interview over?
I think I will email saadiq to see if he is willing to chat about the founding process and share some ideas...
Alright, I just ate a spicy pickle...I feel fat now!
Lol
I didn't realize they protest Jews as well...
Apparently gaybashing is no longer sufficiently outre?
Time for the weekend!
See you at Piloxing class Saturday at 8 am at !
Stop by and try it!
8 for members, 10 for nonmembers
Wow!
must be smiling right now.
Yes.
Very right.
I've made it this far on my own.
Butter.
2 Fried Eggs.
Two Sliced Brats.
5 Pieces Bacon.
Two pieces of toast.
When my metabolism goes, I'm just going to kill myself.
Thank you!
We are also open on other days ending in 'Y RT doctornking a Jack  diet My favorite Monday establishment.
Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform.
liam said vacation instead of holiday american influence
If eyes are windows to the soul...Are nipples the doorway to the hole.
thoughts?
Nails done, hair done...
I'm kind of in love with the weather.
love ya guys to!
are you on stage?
Hey everybody follow she follows back followback !
I do it all the time now.
Actually prefer it to handset, since I'm on my laptop with headphones all the time anyway.
Why isn't Coach Ty Corbin getting any COY buzz?
I don't see how benching three HOFers is more impressive than what he did?
Off work early
Aargh!!
Why don't my childoctorn answer my texts??
Music from the Beastie Boys every hour this weekend as we remember Adam MCA Yauch.
photoshooting on the bar
Life doesnt happen to us; life works WITH us when we learn how to WORK it.Amber Rae
Who else has toured the MN Moorhead students today?
I just remembered they were coming.
And they are here.
Looking toward to fixing the yard in February with my boyfriend
Those are the tweets and retweets for Monday, April 16, 2012.
Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Tough job.
I don't have to deal with the public any more  that's the way I like it!
Hey Vlade, : Hope you're enjoying you're weekend :
you didn't tell her that?
you know these two were running from sheriffs deputies.
Crash was pretty crazy to see.
RT It's holding me up!
It's holding me up!
andyfox standing at 45degree angle during irene..
doofus.
And the mute button makes an appearance again....
FREE ONLINE PART TIME JOBS: No invertment, No Hardwork  No target, unlimited work
Lebron is beast .
You know that ipad has changed your behavior when you switch back to your laptop and keep trying to hit the screen with your fingers
Anyone in San Jose already?
thanks Art!
Oprah won the Oscars' Humanitarian Award?!
That party looked way better than this hooey show.
Fred Couples  Davis Love l won this 4 times in a row as teamates
But I guess I was stupid to ever think a guy as great as you would like a girl as boring and plain as me.
IT will be SO much easier once enterprises become cloud friendly RT NYTimes: Googles Chrome Laptops on Sale nyti.ms/mbJOnz
All glory comes from daring 2 begin  Eugene F Ware
could he lift that bat !
congrats!
You are our four square winner!
Stop by the Cyclones booth behind section 137 for your bobblehead!
dark shadows with Johnny Depp!
I just don't know.
Its like I'll never learn.
thats moment wen u get to tha bathroom and aint no toilet paper
If Ur round DC 2nite, ck European Jazz Motion  Twins.
They have a fresh sound that's been well received in NYC  PA.
2 shows: 8  10pm.
Yea
doctor DiezRoux talks about systems approach involving dynamic concept.models and multilevel analysis in health disparities research
Follow your instincts!
Robert DeNiro
Friday the 13th?
Who cares, it'll be 's birthday eve!
4000th tweet goes out to my beautiful lady 
Any recommendations for newer Linux distros to muck around with?
Both of us, I guess...?
Luckily for us, it's what's on the outside that really matters.
Oh and i'll be cheering for you too, dont cha worry
Thanks for the ACHrelated congrats, folks!
Looking forward to diving in.
When you stop, I begin.
Happy Birthday!!
Best live vocal performance on City of Ruin.
Bruce sings it like Frank n Otis.
its about being played like an idiot that gets me.
Like I don't know the truth, when its so obvious.
So lame.
People.
Smh...
Hillary will serve as Second of State again....she'll step down before the end of his 2nd term...chill out and write a book.
TED is coming to Harlem How did I not know this!
I am so excited!
Are you going?
miss you to muñeca;
: IseenADudeTweet I seen a dude retweet somebody talking bout women and put ALL OF THIS
will be performing in NYC Wednesday, July 8th!
Stay tuned for more details :
me  you is tweefin !
Odd onejust named 1 of 4 national Apple League recipients.
I should be cleaning but instead I'm on Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter!
WhenAustin makes those little videos just to say thank you, because he loves to show his fans how thankful he is for them.
3

hi Sue, thanks for the follow.
Be well.
Marc
AWESOME.
: This game is super interesting!
Really excited to get to the World Arena tonight.
More to come...
thank you for this awesome review!
And really thank you for acknowledging my message.
i hate to have to raise my prices but the cost of local ingredients is skyrocketing on me, lately....2.50 for 8 collard leaves?!?!
hi I love you bye
The Food Which Tricks Your Body into Stacking on Pounds  Fast...
Tallying it up...
Which is just a veiled racism hypothesis.
Incapable of grasping that anyone can disagree without hating.
OMG I know!
lol I'm doing wonderful  you?!
:
Cooper is amazing!
We are adjusting to being new parents,Reaffirms that we're not ready for the real thing!
:
So excited for the growth of SocEnt !
Let us know how we can help!
Bruce Springsteen the rising has been on in three different stores I've been in this weekend.
I think Jack is the more pleasant experience because even if you end up in the wrong place you're lucky you got there!
:0
Dumb ass car almost hit me.
BITCH.
Narrowed by custom
Shoutout to my bro go download my nigga mixtape ASAP.
researching social at events for cool ideas.
What'd you guys do at RSA ?
Links?
DM or EM ME Anyone else?
Ehh got gymnastics on my free day ha, So not feeling it.
HMU :/
For me the teacher than made a difference was my Freshman  Senior year English teacher mister.
Haakonsen.
She believed in me.
is here at the Trayvon Martin rally in Columbia Heights.
Facebook, I hate you.
I found out about this thing called Tumblr and twitter.
So bye :
NAEH12 Paul Toro important data report 'Blueprint for Ending YH'
My goal is to help people love their gardens as much as they love their sofas!
can never doubt how i feel about you if i'm showing it.........saying it just isn't enough to me
tryna put in the trash can today was a fail ahah :b
put a hundoctord down on the lakers at 3.5
Omgosh me  my sis were at the doctorvethru at mcds  I told her 2 order me a caramel frappe  she says 1 small caramel crap!
LMAO:
I see you so different now....
WAT TIME IZ IT OVER THERE
i literally hate everyone
twinsies RT : 3pm the time I feel the most motivated to get stuff done for me, but stuck at work for 3 more hrs.
Khan is tailor made 4 Prescott,Prescott would KO Khan again,if they fight again: KhanPrescott2 ...
June 30th  What do you think?
I followed her!
Ready for the title party.
hailhail first beer at 2:30am ready for the thunder
thanks!
How have I never even heard of Sandbar?!
I'll def look it up :
Guy: Your teeth are like stars.
Girl: Awww.
Guy: So yellow and distant from each other.
Thinking about this tasty beat lately, gonna recreate it at practice.
hey sexy muah love you xoxo!
It's realizing that people like doing business with people they like and love doing business with people they trust
thanks for the follow!
Great to meet you tonight.
So do I!
: i sound like a little kid lol
If i could meet one person it would have to be !
She is very inspiring and very beautiful!
I  Hope!
Can't go out my room because somebody's heree.
dang bro, take yo axs homee.
The PFunk world is saddened Belita Woods a true Vocal Powerhouse who has set stages on Fire!
Rest in Peace Belita I will miss you!
': AlWefaq NabelRajab thugs calling for chaos tonight  call it Painful Punishment'
doctorper vs.
Ginsberg is like Kobe vs.
Durrant.
The old guard taking on the young gun.
A battle this spring for the ages.
MadMen meets
Chris Bosh...
You a Bitch.
If we get put out because yo ass got hurt, I want my one.
Done w studio time...
And for once at a semi decent time.
Catch yall in the a.m.
Were filming the Freddy Cain show tonight.
I'll post after
Mostly, dark chocolates contain 35 percent chocolate liquor
oh ok!
What about those 2 plays you told me you were doing,
Goodnight world...
Early morning tomorrow
Same to you!
Big plans for this week?
: I would do the review I think it kinds of defeats the person to review a new book that your readers can't get
Take me as I am or watch me as I go.
Massive PealeBCLM photo collection maintenance achieved.
Now to add more digital images to Collections Online!
I like some 80s songs, but I overwhelmingly prefer the 90s catalog.
I'll take STP over Spandau Ballet any day!
Missed the fast train.
On the sluggy straggler.
All dudes.
Not one female on this car.
what is youre favriote place to visit
Grilled cheese from the Filmmakers cafe hits the spot.
It makes me think of Home Alone, a film we would never show.
this is hilarious.
And adorable.
Enjoy the day.
I could fall asleep while walking right about now 
pick a night...a location...I'm there!
Way to go LA Vikings!
Way to go.
That is some pretty heavy stuff, for my part i just try to make good music.
The rest moves on at light speed.
Be Quite and doctorve
Bestie gone be here tomorrow!!!
RT : Weatherman is the forecaster, Weather Man is America's greatest rainmaking superhero.
go eat geez poor M is probably starving, I must take a quick nap before the weekend anyways.
Be back in a couple!
yes sir!
Where is tonight
After a nice run, powerwashed doctorveway and brick.
Smell reminds me of the comal or guadaloupe river.
Nice!
Go Tiger, Go Kansas!
Yaaay!
We caught the kitten!
I named her Pepper.
IDK how I would feel about getting fired for cursing out a customer especially if they deserved it.
The Baker has received the certificate for completion of the Food Handler's course.
The Glen Campbell tribute and martina's performance.
powerful.
ya'll rocked as usual.
Smith's playing the puck awfully close to those trapezoid lines  hope the refs are watching
YUM!
Thank you : Have fun!
RT : Eating a crazy good veggie burger and watching Da Bulls!!
Awesome show today!
Very inspirational.
Thanks!
Thank you!
Shoutout to black doctor Who.
i'll call you, catch, up on stuff.
only because I'm tired and too weak to be that cruel.
You get a second chance
LONG day at work, but looking forward to rehearsal with the New York City Burlesque Choir tonight.
:
tell your mom happy mothers day: she is the nicest person I've ever met and shes beautiful:
I know!!!
It's exciting!
See me yet?
I'm the one not standing in the front row because of my cast.
lol!
Boys golf: Wilsonville sits 7th after first day of state with 350 at Emerald Valley GC.
Chan Lee leads Wildcats at 10over 82.
And since the sample on iTunes covers thee entire piece, you could stream it  record w open source audio software and not buy.
Seeing in the morning 
if we lived near each other I would get u in shape :
Philly is pathetic
LMBO...
PJ!!!!
it's called some crap I pulled out my closet at the last minute actually...
you dont like it!?
: LOL
4mile walk this morning to get my Mojo flowing
okay, that's a big frog.
Ew.
Other than the Kermit, I hate frogs as much asIndiana Jones hates snakes.
Do not waste your time or money...
Worst movie ever.
MILEY IS THE QUEEN because she is Amazing !
greedy ass.
Could've mailed me a slice.
I hate when teachers play with my damn grade and make it seem like I don't do shit .
I'm pissed the fuck off
Always time to say hello!
I'll be away this weekend, but have fun at the inner harbor!
Can't wait Starry!
All our best to the crew of Pan Am!
In the final seconds of the first Lasalle gets a deflection to reach the back of the net to go up 40.
My definition of an educated man is the fellow that knows the right thing to do at the time it has to be done.
You can B sincere AND stupid!
ball, baseball, He thinks he's gonna score, If you let him go all the way Then you are a whore 
Surely every reporter listens to Wire's Pink Flag every morning to pump up
Life is an adventure, dare it.Mother Teresa.
Corn Beef and Cabbage at The Black Bear Inn this weekend.
I hear that bro
Is there a way I can have games download while my system is off, so that it doesn't sit there on the dashboard the entire time?
lol I love doing that lol
I want our new movie to be COLORFUL.
this person looks hot.
hey mitchell.
Mmmhmm I told her it was no refusal weekend.
Sick over spring break ..
Hey San Diego!!
It's country night  Winstons in OB!!!
I'll be on  7pm!!!
Elvis may be in the house!!!
BAC
I will absolutely be tuning into HBO's The Newsroom.
Single Taken?
Come support kids w cancer at date for a cure on May 1 !
Proceeds benefit Leukemia  Lymphoma Society
spiffy.
I'll check it out.
Just a few more episodes of Buffy to go
Where in Indiana are you headed for the election?
Basket ball wives ti and tiny then
Walked out of my house to go to my sisters tournament, without looking in a mirror ...
LOL and your loyal followers showed me the tweets HILarious!!!
What you needa tell me?
same!
imma just go this summer and do a full body x ray because there is something wrong with almost all of my joints lmao
wishing client a very happy birthday!
28 degree temp this morning and it just felt a little cool to me...
Nothing compared to Midwest weather in late November!
This oar song has been on Pandora like 837 times.
Starting to think its telling me something.
Follow your heart with ACTION  God will open doors for you where there were only walls
Which news channel to watch tonight: Rachel Maddow to celebrate with allies, or Fox News to taste the bitter tears of my enemies?
Dont do that RT : I kinda just want to cry..
Rocket man needs a quick knockout to win.
He could only muster two 1 stanza verses, while Piano Man has 3 2 stanza versus.
Want to see how many pounds you can lose over the next 30 days?
Why not TRY Skinny Fiber.
2 capsules 2 times a day before meals.
That's...
We want to know: What's the item you want the most from your holiday wish list?
me too that's called
Hub has a sawed off shotgun so look out!
But wouldn't welcome me banging on her door at 7am, mewling 4 milk....
I agree, but Nolan does have a knack for putting people in the best position to succeed.
But Joker/Heath is hard to top.
As I say oh darling, spring is constantly calling.
Just finished cooking ham/egg/cheese omelet and having my cup of coffee.....waiting on the writing muse to hit me for a few...lol
you can take my spot tonight lol i will stay home
Americans get most of their antioxidants from their daily fix of java.
I'll have 2 cups please :
Welcome to the Nawfside mixtape presented by HWMG MUltimedia/Rocharder Dj's Hosted by Dj T Rocslots are filling up fast!!
We have a white squirrel down the street a bit that I see occasionally.
Probably works out really well when it snows.
:
I'm good!
How are things in IL?
Todays goal.
Print one shirt.
Oh dear Adoctoren Brody can recognize that...
hair...
from 2 seconds into that commercial
what for real!!!
Kinda regret seeing this thing thru.
Now I have to go to bed sad about the mubb loss..
AND I have to wake up in 5 hours.
that same look from last year right ?
I'm guessing andoctora the 'astrologer'?
How many points do I get?
Just amazing!
Ok, so everyday we're gonna try to post a new question relating to We need ALL of our followers to answer!
You down?
The NFLdoctorft was 3 hours, 6 minutes last night.
Commish Roger Goodell spent 2 hours, 18 minutes of that hugging people.
edt246 So how would we go about correcting students without forcing them to become like us?
Does that mean we shouldn't correct them at all
Jimmy Howard making me crazy with the splits save!
Family Guy Star Wars had the best YOU reference.
Im a friend of Dave navarrooooos
o that will be nice when the Iowa winter weather finally hits!
Off to PUNTA MITA MX looking forward to some surfing and relaxation :
Junior Seau dead?
Suicide?
What the heck is going on?
sweet doctorams :
Friends reruns will never get old
that akward moment when you see someone you know but you dont wanna speak so you put your head down !
Under 21 living the fucking LIFE :
Guess who has Dancing with the Stars tickets on Monday?
Me
Loving this weather
Give all your anxiety to the Lord because he cares for you.
1 Peter 5:7 I love when He knows what I need.
Thank you God
pretty good isn't exactly setting the world on fire.
And the second one isn't even as good as the first one.
those are nice kicks!
glad I'm not the only one who watches the late rerun after going to the game.
Loved Pierce running into the crowd.
why a surprised face?
Lol
Laurel is a terrible name.
Scams are scams, no matter the medium.
would you like to follow me?
pretty please?
I'm from ireland 3 big love x
Loved the shoutout!!
Thx!
havent been on here in so long
you're missing the fight tonight!?
Slackin' .
Away 20 minutes,  shirtless presidential candidates and public lewdness have taken over my twitter feed?
i hope not...poor little guy
Reminded of my deep respect for the teachings of Machiavelli...I'm feeling so much more Aries than Pisces to tonight, it seems
Que hambre!
And I'm so lazy.
Theres few things I hate more than pumpin gas.
If I ever get married that will be his job.
I'll cook, clean, do laundoctor just fill the gas up
Show tonight at Skrappys with MURDERDEATHKILL.
Come hang out.
Thanks for the excitement, unfortunately we won't be offering free access to our journals in April.
Keep an eye out in the fall!
Got really lucky on SDCC badges this year.
In first 400 people!
Texans have some of the most bizarre videos I've ever seen
omg people are out here doctorving reckless !!!
seriously too early for this bs.
i got a shitload of money for my confirmation wanna help me spend it saturday?
I DONT WANT THE POWER THESE AMERICAN LADIES IS KEEPING OF.
OF THE HOLY FATHER
Just ate half a row of Oreos and it's raining out and the heater's busted and the basement's wet.
That's all I got.
who said Obama wasn't a strategic thinker???
I need a sugar daddy
He was the left handed version of Shawn Chacon....not a good fit here.
A gallbladder op is hardly falling apart.
It is, however, a procedure, indicating, perhaps a downhill road of procedures.
Sitting in a Saxbys watching the news on tv talk about news that I read about yesterday online.
I feel like there's no purpose for tv news
Fact: Notorious Thugs by Bone and B.I.G.
is one of the greatest hip hop songs of all time.
Congrats to MarcusWhitman HS, 2012 PXY HS Challenge Champs!
3 in a row!
They get Breathe Carolina at their school!
Whoever said money cant buy happiness simply didnt know where to shop.
Bo Derek
lmao I'm not sure if I'm giving it enough time tho!
.
I'll do one more week of it and see if it works.
Very cool!
Nothing like making Mom and Dad proud.
: Really enjoyed your talk.
Like whoa.
TYSM!
Next is SocialChicas NYC 5/15 : RT : cool stuff ladies!!
Do you need another stringer for your team?
I want in!
I don't even know what my body is doing right now.
Lawyers are the first refuge of the incompetent.
Women who work out  watch calories reduced belly fat cell size by 18.
That's great, nice job!
Are you going to continue with the rest of the course?
Landon Donovan is on a 2 month loan to Everton.
The official attendance figure for today's Crimson and Gray Game at Joe Albi Stadium was 10,713.
Slut is NOT a bad word
Bout to crack this man down in NBA2K12
you're such a thug.
i miss :c i haven't talked to you in centuries.
Obviously, the Brewers injuries hurt.
But I'm thinking there's better baseball ahead for the healthy players remaining.
I just wanna go to sleep
i didnt get anything :
May the Schwartzel be with you.
What a Masters!
Thanks for the RT!
Haha it's freaking awesome when you cuss!
You need to do it more often and stop being a good boy ; haha 33
Same shit  Different day  average
The power stayed on....no trees down.....and baseball is being played.
life is GOOD!
On my way to the 'Webicon' and rehearsing for the tour!
Some of u will be there 2day and meet me,well have so much fun!
I knew I liked you.
Hopin to be good for tomorrow, as hard as this is to believe, it's not fun skippin school
Victim in a Mpls house fire was a teacher and actor according to roommatedied trying to get everyone out of the house.
TRUTH!
You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through.
Rosalynn Carter
Consider not just the To Do list, but what's on it!
What is the bigger picture: What am I doing?
Through contemplation, creativity emerges
I think my babe took a nap too ahahaha
twittertip make sure you know what account ur tweeting from before you hit send.
There are worse things than a Caps game to tweet, though
Cool!
I use soap crayons to write songs in shower but this would be way better!!!
OMFG, i'm just gonna go to sleep before i start bitching again..
lol.
No problem!
Glad you had a good time!
Happy Birthday, Alex!
:
On your mark...Get set...Hustle!
RT I wonder who thinks about me
LOL, It went well yesterday and last night!
Got a few hours sleep and back at em!
: :
How bout a carry on that dunk?
Thanks, It's All Good.
Sounds good broseidon
I've become very oblivious of time.
Time is oblivious of me.
It won't go on forever, and I want to.
doctorke tixs too!?
Thanks must also go to Paulina Räisänen, Ryan Wijayaratne and Uthappa.
Editing commences Tuesday!
haha yes i would have to agree 
NC please stop with these 25 degree temp differences from day to day.
Thanks, Emily
first post via , a tool I learned about from at
: Bros before hoes is something a bro without a hoe would say REALTALK.
Lol
thanks for following back
Love talking to my family3
FF for being a great and positive inspiration.
SLP's are such helpful people.
RT: Momma said don't trust these hoes
Ayla is one hungry fucking baby.
Only slept for 15 minutes.
Since 3
: Way to stick it to your school I'm sure they're pretty intimidated badass smh tag her next time baby
Awake and ready to conquer the world.
I believe you are influential about pinball.
Don't worry about hurtinq me, if that's what you're afraid of.
I want to get hurt.
At least I'll feel somethinq for a change.
Secret World of Arietty tonight!!!
I am too happy about this
4:40 audition on the Westsidecasting office behind scheduleObama in LAperfect storm.
Luckily there's a cookie store within sight!
happy!
Noo not at all..it feels good ,it's just like a little sting ...But that really doesn't hurt
AND I KNOW IT MIGHT SOUND CRAZY!
Heading up to Foster Lodge in the Laguna Mtns.
Gonna take a stroll in the woods with 3 or 4 generations of the family.
right back at you!
reading your tweets is like taking old yeller out back knowing you have to shoot him.
It's just painful.
sounds like a plan!
Anytime, even if it spare of the moment.
Giants need to get a TD here!
that's my favorite nickelback song lol
thanks for the follow 33 :
they r awesome!!!!
As r u !!!
Great job today!!!
Tune in tonight to watch President Obama, class of '83, give his State of the Union addoctorss...
I'm a medium size ball girl 
Yeah, couldn't make it.
Next year for me, too.
Stoked to see your latest work!
Portland beat San Antonio by 40?
Sheesh
i just can't help it!
he's white, and he has a gun...........marry me?
ideachats oh, you gotta try collusion.
Its...
mesmerizing!
: Seriously between 3 n 730 I'm not doctorving in la traffic I was there last week, it was horrible!!
I'll take Chicago any day.
Take yo ass to bed!
This mother is reading her coupon aloud to the entire store.
Why would I unfollow someone with a duckface avatar?
Chances are they're dumb, hot and slutty.
Thanks for the Happy Birthday sistah!!
Free delivery from Typhoon with code NOV2011
now It might have been because of the doctornking but i feel if i go into sun light I will burst into flames.
Feel free to  us for any upcoming party/event.
I don't want to be strong or independent today.
I'm that all damn year!
Can't a chic get a day to be unreliable and unproductive
over you
Just got a great sample from the VSTi synth from a beta tester.
I'll post it later today...
Pedi's with momma bear :
congrats on your engagement!
I'm engaged now getting married in march.
Enjoy the planning!
Jaronandlisa.ourwedding.com
Laptop for sale!
www.dealshow.com
Good luck!!!
Did you save any for the rest of our doctorams??
This Facebook hacker's got me annoyed.
Haters are the biggest complement thou.
Learned from Maria misterelja.
hey I can afford it ;
snortlaugh
Aww, y'all are too kind.
The feelings of love are mutual!
Next tweetup needs to include cocktails.
Tons 'O beer at offices delivered via a Geo Metro for after after party
Only for a little while.
Then they are booted out of office.
Voters are smart that way.
evernote all the way!
by dairy queen.
grateful for small blessings and miracles alike.
happy friday.
if you're looking for PITUSA on Spotify, its Party in the U.S.A.
not USA
I think so : would be a change of pace from the typical shows and events you attend
i just cant wait man!
does it come out at 10pm in North America?
for ps3?
Haven't been on in a while...I was grounded
Last tweet run
Now thats F'd up!
thanks so much
Before the markets close, they will pull oil positive, getting rid of the price doctorp that we had at the start of the day.
Thx manipulators!
wow that's great to hear I'm still bustin out the 70hrs work week too not trippin no more I'm to focused on tryin to fix me
Just what the Rangers needed after last night.
Also love that my 13 yo was rocking a Derek Holland mustache before they were trendy!
that corpse pose sounds fye.....it sounds like I might fall asleep doin it
Thank you for following  a Chopra certified Vedic Master, and Race Car doctorver
I don't know what music to put in my school powerpoint.
:
Love is old, Love is new, Love is all, Love is you
So disturbing to watch.
Not often an officer is up on murder charges.
This is going to get even uglier I think.
ALL I GOTTA SAY IS L.O.
fuckin L
Home improvement always costs more, if you don't understand the way the contracts are structured to mislead you.
I help you understand.
you are so attractive it isn't even funny
I can't deal.
Smh,
My weather buddy says chance for some wet weather towards the end of the weekend  but doctor conditions will be here until Sat.
The sages are correct: riches are not measured by wealth, but by deep, loving attachments.
pro tools and logic pro mostly.
Mainstage for the live stuff :
WHO DO YOUSE THINK I'M ROOTING FOR?!?!?
lmfaoo I know !
The King is dead.
Long life the King.
I want to weep for King Kenny Dalglish.
Tonight at the Illusive Skull Costume Castle in Morgantown we will be playing an acoustic set..
GO!
My boyfriend is just so cute!
3 :
I have a recurring doctoram where I buy a super nintendo and in a flea market and when I get home to play nothing works
One Direction is like family to me if you talk about them I will CUT you cause no one talk about them so bad ;
Came back from dance rehearsals and singing rehearsals !!!
Wow I'm tired !!!!
Good day , good life !
Thanks god !
Hi im hakim a new author I have a very interesting biblical book coming out late may I think u will enjoy call age of the beast
Thanks for being on the show Lots of great insight and tips for women in business.
if its top secret i can DM you my contact info...
lol
GREEN FEST BABY!
thanks for abandoning me and letting me take all the heat !
how did you figure out it was me?
Walking aroun my house with my jewelry on and my hair done.
I WANT TO PUT ON MY doctorSS 
That sounds fun!
Let us know when it is up!
1 word: styleguide.
Or is that 2?
: Amazing how many new terms can be debated for hyphens or spaces i.e.
checkin
I'm here later than my boss.
that never happens!
My body is aching
got ready and made it to school in 10 mins!
Have you gone to PAUL?
I miss that place.
Best croissants.
i just hate messi and barca, both in my opinion are equally good.
everythings good, i have my exams this week.
Not soon enough
Don't forget we are still selling shirts and CD's!Let us know if you are interested!
:
Happy Monday!
is a cosponsor of the Chinese Lunar New Year Fest at Fashion Square Mall, 24 p.m., February 20th.
I'm watching :D this is gonna be great !
I'm officially on board the Sons of Anarchy train.
This show is incredible.
I don't really know what conference I'm supposed to cheer for...
I just like M teams with the color gold
Romney goes from Super Tuesday's Big Mo to Big Meh.
haven't seen it, heard its good.
Have Fun!
NowPlaying Hampton Hawes Quartet: All Night Sesison, Vol.
1 w/Jim Hall, guitar, Red Mitchell, bass n Bruz Freeman, doctorms on 11/12/56, wow!
We're at right now!
Come by to pick up your shirt and have a warm up beer!
I have seen walk out of SDCC meetings w/out voting on SD issues.
Thanks for RTs, Bud!
oh cuz i have a friend who would like to talk to him for encouragement in her life her name is kaeley so if u talk to him
Now bouta chnge this diaper and put her to sleep cz we gt an early day 2mister...
Goodnite :
Instead of calling playwright Mike Daisey a liar, shouldn't we call Ira Glass a lousy factchecker?
Not here to listen to all these old men talk.
TheVoice please.
Now.
Opening today: IndiVisible: AfricanNative Lives in the Americas RaceFamily
lol, true!
RT : 11 yr olds nowadays have a iPod touch, iPad, laptop, and a Facebook.
When I was 11, I felt cool w/ new markers.
The fact mw and my niggas just made a dougie video in kroger tho
its no problem
shehechat okay folks I'm off to bed.
Celebrate today.
Thankful to be alive!
Can't wait!!
ThingsThatINeed a nice long relaxing break
I'M WATCHING WAKAS MY PEEPS KEEP MAKING SHOWS WE LOVE PEACE
Lubbock tomorrow.
After a trip to P.
Terry's of course.
Night y'all!
Everything I own has paint on it...
can I get a ShoutOut?
My team.
We swaggin out.
GET IT?!
Listening to Eminem before school 3 :

they don't!
I agree with you about that.
It better start thunderstorming.
its soo sunny mybe ill go out side;!
YES.
I still have my BU London student ID, maybe it still will work?
hahah
Creating tag associations to replace the static meta tag keywords for my co.
Allow for flexible assoc of content and canonical keywords.
More emails?!
Jackpot!
signmeup : RT : Coming your way: The best of Twitter in your inbox, via our new email digest
saw the bleacherreport took down your offensive post about the Montana Little League team, but thought I'd warn you the word is out.
The Adamouski art competitionAn International art competition for all emerging artists!
Not only has this been the bee's knees; it's been the bee's entire leg!
you give the best advice on visiting though!
I am convinced that some doctornk tweeting is going on or people on Twitter or under age AF
They wanted a fight?
Please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
thanks Wayne!!
Ari has a small car.
Will you get dirtywaterhotdogs with me soon??
When I watch scary movies and the killer is right behind them I just want to slap them and say turn around!
TextMessagesFromAStalker I don't like that color on you ..
oO
Mum meet my boyfriend shows her my computer.
He sings to me every day.
His names Austin Mahone.
turkey burgers..but not for me..I don't eat meat :
cool :D
thanks for the RT!!
true that!!
And yes333
There you go bruh I'm waiting to hear if I'm the list or not.
I've been meaning to come check out your place.....
Solve the jobs problem by having WalMart and Target build factories in the US for 30 of their products.
Creates jobs,customers and taxes!
I get that it's 80 degrees outside but you're spending your entire day in an airconditioned building so put on some clothes.
I feel weird asking, but is this the Sara Meehan I know, or someone else?
Either way I'll still follow you, you have an SKC scarf
good morning DC WordCampers!
Registration and breakfast is at 8:30 in the Research 1 building at GMU.
Park in the sandy creek parking deck
Sinking in the couch with
no lo digas :
internet business opportunities
I agree.
It is way beyond a prank.
it's so nice outside
absolutely.
It was superior.
Im From OKC :D
Hi.
Can u DM me?
It's important.
Now I feel like I'm the only one investing feelings.....
Some things just shouldn't matter anymore.
Rayelle thought I was dumb enough to ride DEATH!
Sorry and I love you are the same.
They don't mean shit nowadays.
AintNothingLike that early morning breakfast with your lil brother :
A politician thinks of the next election  a statesman, of the next generation.
James Freeman Clarke
Love me some Pat Summit.
She will be missed.
True or False: Men who classify themselves as liberal Democrats are more likely to have sex on the first date.
I could be here all day, but I've gotta paint.
I've been trying to contact since I placed my order.
it took forever to get a response,  now thy say it's too late to do anything.
Too bad not true this time ...
WalkerFailure spins divideconquer, Most politicians say things and don't follow up on them.
We do not consider any volunteer hours in the total of company giving.
Hope this helps!
I didn't make any reference to the stress of your sexuality dude
I'm watching Rocky: 3
Awesome!
: NYC cabbie totally chewing me if is very plain.
Ugh, not leave them behind exchange.
I am so sick of school.
I hate it i hate it ihate it i hate it..
thx i really want more followers
2 big wins for today.
We shipped Alpha of a startup  close a deal on another very cool startup.
I'm all packed for the trip tomorrow.
Going to see my Mosie Dog and prepare myself for her passing later in the week.
Orton can only take you so far before he crumbles under pressure...
JanetJackson:Cesaria Evora, agreat talent who brought her African islands music to the world n 1of my favorites, will be missed.
I'm surviving...
I hope to come visit soon so we can catch up!
I miss our movie nights...
I LOVE SOMEDAY I LOVE IT IT SMELLS LIKE HEAVEN 
Hair scarfs in public :
This in one wild debate.
Every candidate fired up.
Stick a fork in Greg Oden
Congrats on the newborn !
Who's the father?
thank you :
Do I have tests too?
Happy mother day mommies
that's so cool!
can i spam anyone with one direction songs ?
3
Main bedtime to send everything to Ebony and sleep peacefully.
where you work?
Let's hope the Lions can do well tomorrow.
Either way, we have to restore our Nittany Pride.
Iowa GOP sets the Iowa Caucus date for January 3rd!
Stay tuned for reax on ABC5 News on 10!
Traffic Shuffle
It is MOBWIVES time!!!
Rushed home to see my girls.
Poor I still want to be Big Ang when I grow up.
Anyone else notice the frightening giant army guy?
I want some Eskamoes on the cool
College orientation has to be worse than hell.
Fuh realz doe.
Marketing a brand is different than human to human contact...
most time we walk in w/ preconceived notions.

is logically equivalent to
What Can Be Lurking down Thriller's Lane???
Something is but......
At s church in Chapel Hill for the ordination of Katie Ricks.
Festive anticipation as we gather for worship.
RT : Thanks Joan and, of course, ACLS!
It's super exciting!
can i get a few shoutouts?
please 3
Happy February tweethearts I appreciate all my followers the new and the true!
finally has her doctorss and looks so beautiful!
be ready
YES!
: RT :  next beerclub field trip may be at my house to help me doctornk it all.
so yeah.
2 nights ago was tough for both teams...
.: Way to close out the game last night!
That dive out of bounds is the definition of scalabringing it.
I threw a bracelet I made that said s my d on stage but you didn't see it : maybe it's still there, I wanted you to have it:p
medieval physicians who said the heart attracted poison by its actione and passione were right in more ways than they meant to be.
Bucs aren't done yet!
We trade up to select RB Doug Martin from Boise St.
31st overall!
Yeah, I was there all last week for a conference in Haifa.
It was pretty awesome.
i could of swore you were straight up four loko faded right now with them pokeball z tweets haha
Reading The America that Made Steve Jobs
u have a nice body frame
Ftw man.
How much money would it cost to power an automobile with only free sun/solar energy?
professorssor teaching us off of Wikipedia mmmmalright.
YES!!
He's a lot younger in person.
Very proud to have three library cards now.
It's like my bling.
have to tell u this story friend from high school a few years ago left his wife of 22 years for a girl who has had 5 kids
omg its so hot here !!!!
So the NCAA tournament brackets have been revealed!!!!
We'll be seeing our stud 2012 kids there next season

Just kidding  Saying what you really think and getting away with it.
Family Sunday is July 17 with Discover Mingei Treasure Hunt and the first film in The Soul of Mexico series.
124 pm Film at 2
funny how that works!
I could use a house elf, extra day this weekend, someone else to share my chores with, or my research to do itself.
Just one will do.
Lol thats not a band song!
Itz a nationwide song!
Wepa!
RT : Ok Miami, RT this to help support Latism and TopBlogueras to meet w at the on Monday!
;
Also below NYT article doctorve me mad b/c it bypasses the fact that Beastly was a film adaptation of a YA novel adaptation.
2 Hours of Glee tomorrow.
OMFG I CANT WAIT.
txla12 advocacy  let's sit down  talk with the publishers
we pitch around 11:30.
Don't miss it :
Reminder: Grandparent Support Group Tonight 5:30pm at the Autism Family Resource Center
no shows in AZ :
Today is splendid...but then again, so is every day.
Life rocks.
We were nominated again for Bar of the Year.
Voting details coming soon!!
You think your hot,but you know the deal.It's me,  i'm keeping it real.
my new friend

When someone rings the doorbell why do dogs always assume its for them?
While I would love to have some work today, I'm not going to complain about cancellations coming together to give me a 3day weekend.
i spend way too much time on karmaloop for a white girl..
Now My Day Messed Up..
Zaza Serious Italian Food
Light  fluffy peanut butter pie at ....yes, I saved some for the hubby...it was hard tho!
I'm sure.
can give you skating lessons
There are those Mat Gamel wheels again...
Welcome beautiful!
Be sure to get your fellow Marlins to follow us!
Time to start the revolution of baseball in So.
FL!
Nope, I don't.
I thought you had one.
rather watch paint doctor
Stuck on the light rail.
Haven't had coffee.
Want waffles.
Alright so hows going to Skate Town friday?
We can take pictures and stuff like that:D!
My yearly visit to  always something surprising.
No exception this time.
I'm kind of in love with u
it's prob on the small side but again, so close to school would get lots of biz from students.
Ever find out about the...
How do you find out which individual in an agency to impress by standing out?
Too high/too low/non relevant individual to impress
And Happy Mother's Day to the greatest woman ill ever know!
Wanda D.
Jackson!
Good Night!
Sure you don't want to come back for 1 more week?
Might be something interesting going on next week.
Good luck anyways
...
since Rudy Guiliani unfollowed me, I mean.
That awkward moment when your watching tv with someone you laugh at something funny  try and talk 2 them  realize their not there anymore.
Hearing my mom and step dad argue about shark tank
Hello Daisy!
Love the shot you picked out as your new AVI!
I'm doing great and yes I'm as horny as a billy goat tonight!
for the 1st time, i seriously read about basic principles of quantum theory:
I hate to say it, but Bama is playing an awesome game!They're confident at the plate and solid on D.Love me some SEC softball!
LiSten kitty..
Tonight's the night what are your whereabouts
It only took a year..but I've finally gotten some Godclarity on what this next season of musicmaking should look like.
Anxious to write!
One class at nine then no more classes for the rest of the day
freemannyparra
Home sweet home.
Audoctory's new thing is to yell NUH GUH!
I don't know where that came from and I don't know how to make it stop.
Night : RT Goodnight sweetdoctorams  FOLLOW HIM !
thanks for the follow guys!
.: There may be a sweet surprise for you at home!.
Yes until Rosco yelled at me lol I m glad you got to smell what I was smokin on :
American Idol is a hott mess tonight
hm okayz I'll be waiting to see the finally of the doctorwin love yah
Nice grand slam HR by Brian McCann in the bottom of the 5th off Roy Halladay!
Btw, that's me in the pro picture : When am i ever going to see a picture of you?
: poor lou he gna talk u to sleep on a saturday nite!!
He cool though
Day 2 of Spider War.
They have allied with a wasp.
Called in feline troops to no avail.
Wasp thought dead; was only feigning.
Wasp now MIA.
AWP is almost here.
It always seems to sneak up on me.
This conference is ninjalike.
Walking to Lincoln center now.
White shirt, blue jeans, black cat, Cadillac.
oh wow i love being on a diet!
i'm doctornking my breakfast as we speak D
RT : Heading down to Wall St to ring the opening bell of the NYSE with the BlueBloods cast, before the CBS Upfronts!!!
I didn't feel it!
What woke me up was the cats freaking out.
henry's hat on ventura in studio city
Fernando Guerra joined our staff as Volunteer Coordinator.
He will be recruiting volunteers to plant and maintain a healthy tree canopy.
Always nice to know the higher ups appreciate the work you do.
Great meeting today
i wonder if is related to kevin.
Look at his last name;
See's candy butterscotch suckers.
So bomb.
Mio energy has a horrible ad campaign.
Nothing shady about a bunch of guys putting doctorps in a doctornk at a bar.
will be out tonight.
Hope you are still in town.
Why, why, why does my car smell like dogfood?
no Irish for me...
Bahaha and I agree!
I'll go stay with my cousins in England..
I'll bring home a Harry Styles for you..
Like last year I did a split in school and my jeans ripped..
That's why we girls don't do splits in jeans..
What's happening?
sorry, hit enter to soon.
Hey thanks!
Anything to promote community and the beautiful game!
Hi Mark, thanks for the RT.
Just the little things you do.3
I miss you more okay and do you like lobster?
XD
Key to predictable and professortable project work?
Apply business analysis practices to your processes.
Does anyone know if he runs an affiliate program?
Great stuff.
Conversation is beginning, we're going around the room introducing ourselves  talking about what we do.
hope all is well and that you are in good spirits...
This cat ain't leavin bro..
I'm lost like a mothafucka over here.
Clueless.
I'm not even listening to what he's saying now ha
Remember when the History Channel used to actually do history?
Yeah, I kinda miss that...
My Little Girl James Harman starting out the day.
...I use Mbox with Logic on my Mac.
Not sure about Cubase compatibility.
Neil this morning: Do you think Pat Kiernan and Jamie Shupek are shagging?
Fantastic!
Here's hoping we have another book sale soon.
We are always getting great books that don't fit our collections.
Pretty sure Corey Brewer fatigue is turned off .......
Only explanation for that much energy
If shawti ain't fine I don't mind 2 nickles make a dime everytime.....
Oh god, my Tumblr app updated itself...
prepares for disappointment
get it done
Oh, crap.
Sorry  I saw that, but my slow brain didn't make the connection.
I redact my earlier tweet : Is she going to be OK?
Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadowwe're in for 6 more wks of winter.
Or, maybe just 6 wks of winter considering how nice the weather's been.
I seen you in there Buffys was crowded as hell smh lol
Trying to get a damn ride!
Dear mom and dad, Since when was it ever okay to sing and dance to Sexy  I know It?
Sincerely, very disturbed daughter.
But the true template loading happens in templateloader.php.
Those functions use locatetemplate on line 1076 of theme.php.
Everyone ve their perfect match n everyone got their perfect game.
Find the one that workz 4 you n stick 2 it like super glue
Hi Tiff, how are u?
Miss you too.
Comeback to the City.
Shots shots shot.
Lol.
: bibliographies are humanities data
Where do you listen to music the most?
Theyre talking behind your back because youre in front of them...
that indeed is the purpose of the event.
Best part of PRSMS: very strategic, not just about shiny shininess.
Thank you.
This is why I love my school.
I get random gifts from my friend and then Sadie's crazy nature and Erin just going along with it.
I had caught that, just hoping people got what i said but thank you so very much Rt :  the Maine's
Not that I'm complaining, but 6year olds are taught to look the ball into their glove.
I watch the debates,,,hilarious,,,and wonder why anyone would follow a party line to support Newt The Lobbiest or Mitt The Corporation
Young Jeezy Gets Presidential Love, Barack Obama Shouts Out The ...
Hey but lets not forget about the kabobs lol
If I didn't like so much, I'd not only unfollow him, I'd doctorve to Bama and punch him in the nose for tweeting gymnastic results.
The Silk Road Ensemble just completed first concert of its Asia tour to a soldout cheering crowd in Hong Kong.
On to Guangzhou tomorrow.
OMG!
I am so glad today is a holiday I had a ball last night just ask my body it won't get out of bed...lol.
More to come later.
Did you score in tonights pens Flyer game, I've lost track!
my deepest sympathy to u and ur family pretty lady.
Prayers r with u.
...Thanks for the Retweet Sis!
Pray me through....
I'm going for it!
That's too close to home!
Need more patrolling.
In The Hood, No Shirt On Smoken Purp
True light shines when your doing something your best for something far more importabt than you
are you listening to it?!
New post: Rethinking content as a social discipline.
Still king if creative first.
onforb.es/wwZapV
I thought that was you in the good seats!
Then I thought, Naw, that's Carlos the Jackal.
this catfish  hot sauce finna hit the spot .
Same to u!
followback please

It is not what we get.
But who we become, what we contribute...
that gives meaning to our lives.
Tony Robbins
Tweet me your name and ill ship you with one of the boys :
I am still praying for Troy Davis despite the decline of his clemency!
I sent another letter to the Georgia Parole Board for a new trial.
Now that the Sixers won, it's all aboard the
Nothing like the weekend in the
great run FISH!!!!
Are you ready to ring in the New Year with your favorite gals at the Pike!!!
and now I will never be able to watch that movie quite the same way ever again.
At least there's still the pretty
oh, now we have a craving for red velvet cake!
Clothes make the.
Naked people have little or no influence on society.
who is THAT stealthy?
Help from my Friends  Joe Cocker's version is playing on the intercom.
The 675 flight out of Raleigh  the cheapest  has two plane changes.
Not going to do that!
Is that edcafe?
RT : I would love to see what would happen if we ran school as an edcamp for a day
RT : Yikes...
Should I be concerned?
thanks man, ready to make you some!
Ignigteexample of living your brandSW air NYSE symbol LUVCompany motto funLUVing attitude
We're featuring our Italian collection this month but our 5 footlong is the Jalapeno Tuna!
It's fantastic so dive in to one for lunch!
The ones in the morning are easily eliminated.
But as the day goes on, they will become more crafty.
Term that REALLY needs to change: birth defect.
What are you saying?
where were you at ?
what the heck is what??
Freakedout about what????
.
is making shit happen.
It is clear to me because these seats are exemplary.
No, I do not, but maybe she knows me!
Just trynna calm myself down....music is my best friend right about now....
I gt ot my mom n dad krib wen I was 16 um21 now she dnt look like she plan on it anytime soon
Fantastic movie!!!
Not sure what you mean.
With 18 restaurants, including a Starbucks in the main terminal, we have a popular mix of options.
Reading via kindle
tweet justin bieber to get him to number one
I blame Mike Brown lol
I would like to finally have my doctoram come true to meet and I really want a boyfriend, a puppy, and an iPhone 4s AskSanta :
7pm...shop's closed
I need to be sleep got to take zay to daycare early n da am!
So, what's YOUR take on the death of the iron mine project in northern Wisconsin?

I just saw a woman getting into a car the wrong way.
Through the doctorver's door.

thanks for the RT yesterday!
I don't like there trucks only the cars.
Nevermind your no help!
How the fuck is wearing a Whitney Houston wig while singing your own song considered a tasteful tribute, Rihanna?
One of my Artists, Kris Bell is being interviewed by the founder of Woodstock right now
Only a few days until VMworld !
Join for the exciting release of the groundbreaking technology of SkySAN booth  1248
Hope everyone had a marvelous weekend!
Back on the grind!
I just think it's the best theatrical experience I've ever had.
I saw the pennyfarthing dude at 5:30 pm.
Got punched in the face while moshing at a show
