Justice for Travyon Martin...
Honestly did Cristina agulara get a boob job cuz in all the other voice shows they weren't tht big??
that poster is a really big mistake!
My eyes are melting.
I love you, yet I kind of want to murder you :
I haven't been out of the house today except to get McDonald's on Wedington.
Not healthy I know but convenient right?
No.
So slow.
good news!
though i hope the food hadn't been saved since Festivus or you may find yourself not eating again for awhile...
dont be scared of the come up fool
Robbins Wolfe Eventeurs hopes that everyone had an enjoyable holiday weekend.
We definitely ate enough...
Happy April fools day!
Hehe is your refridgerator running?
Better go catch it....
got our new home  wont be ours but i think we can make it home
ooh baby it's a wild world
To avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all.
McWilliams, Peter
It's Monday, which means is wrapping up the weekend in the sports world.
Let's Go!
Out chckn on my street team ProRunners, I tried to catch dem slipn lol but they on dey AGaMe!
It's E.V.A.
Pro.!
July 16th  mandees b dehr!
Wat u do in tha dark comes to tha lite
Haha.
I'd pay to see that!
RT : Um...the Cambry Show?
Tonight was legit legitmoments:
Are you sporting a Dalí, a handlebar, or a Fu Manchu?
Get 10 off your bill when you show off your stache today for Mustache Monday!
i just follwed u back
I feel like such a rebel
That just made up for everything!
Go Williams!
gopack!
Oh, no.
So sorry.
I wanna be an astronaut!!
spottheshuttle next to the Washington Monument
Oh nice!
I recently started a new position  am still learning the new job.
Are you excited?
what a great weekend casting done
Board scores FINALLY came and guess who's ceremoniously burning their flashcards?
DJ Joanie B.
plays all your favorites tonight.
Word on the street is that there may be dancing...
jalapeno residue on fingers while peeing.
OOPS
All I do is for the glory of God!!
Thank you for this blessed day!
Tomorrow should be great, as another day awaits!
Glad I found your blog!
I've been eating dairyfree for a long time and just discovered an intolerance to eggs and nuts.
Band announcements for Warped have begun and we need all of your support!!
Go tell you want This Romantic Tragedy 2012!!
my heart is shattering thank you omg ah yall are cute but waaaaaaat about take it easy aaahhh
Ew, really?
Chris Brown?
Not a huge fan of DWTS employing woman abusers for the entertainment breaks.
GREAT FALLS, Mont.
Ryan Leaf has reached a plea agreement on doctorg and burglary charges in Montana.
Follow me 4 free!!!!!!!!!
Thats what the deal is!
makes money sponsoring bills like sopa  pipa, hollywood lining his pockets
The use of essential oils combined with steam inhalation can achieve physical  mental soothing effects.
some one come pick me up!!!!
im dying of boredom..
THANK YOU, desperatehousewives for years of fabulous, wonderful entertainment!
et al
RT : Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctorSeuss
Because I'm a lazy butt who should be studying.
And I'm still at the top, I only keep going because of who's my voice.
Oden to b waived
Golly gee I have lazy bones and close to none inspiration woootwooot.
Is it true rihanna webt in a doctorg and alcohol binge?
Wouldnt be shocked
wanted a camera that does it all.
Comes out in 2 wks.
400.00 underwater also
The referees have checked out of this game..no fouls called..no concept of a pivot foot.
LAMHarvard MCloonan: Simmons is launching Cultural Heritage informatics.
GSLIS with Archives strengths are bringing in the museums.
I have not doctorven or started my Land Rover D90 in over 9 months and she started right up on the first crank today.
Go figure.
cainesarcade is coming up on the nbc nightly news with Brian Williams.
Amazing!
Honey Cocaine  Nicki Minaj, at the moment.
thank you love!
:
.
Thanks for the shout!
How ya doing, Seth?
I feel like an SLP leech all the time!
Don't feel bad, it's not just you.
LOL
HAHAHA just do it.
I won't judge you.
I'll just make sure you never hear the end of it.
yeah your right 
BACHATA  BURLESQUE TONITE at Dance Studio!
Don't miss these fun and sexy dance classes!
Mhm...: I really don't want to go to school tomorrow
a victum bobbie d still knew what he was doing wrong yes its shit to throw someone under a bus but a victum wrong
Peace and Blessings to you and your family ...
I hope you are doing very well!!
Peace ..
P
What's up?!
I can't help what I'm thinking.
Ready 4 Battle of the Exes Reunion.
Moving blows.
I can't wait until its all over with.
Maybe I'll never move again!
Jokes
Guess ill watch tv til my eyes close.
OMG!!
I FORGOT Jorge Antonio Vasquez  M'f Whisper Red IM GOING TO DELETED THE VIDEO AND DO IT AGAIN
I hope you fall in a fire
Maybe that'll break the nervous energy ....
Yup.
Casper, knockdown.
Barflying it at the Hideout then Manhattan doctorgs.
Guess who Parkers dating?
Nasty ashley.
LOL lets see how this ends
RT i called my mother and told her happy mothers day and she said happy mothers day to you to.......
0o  Hahaha xD
Pls god let that last tweet from mean he's about to start an insane Kim Jong Il rant...it's been way too long.
UGGS are the ugliest things ever, I've never had a pair nor will I ever....
Steady as a preacher, free as a weed.
People keep leaving and I keep getting new polos.
sounds like something that does on a daily basis.
Seen him edit in photo pit before next band goes on.
I'm thinking about doing a hosting tour, you guys know any good features and headliners I could bring along?
To have and keep an empowering integrity requires a lifetime
NewYork Jets fans: what do you think about possibly getting Tebow?
Avg Jets tix last yr were 172
I love White ppl
follow on his summer journey ...
nyc will miss him this summer.
looks like you were hacked homeboy
I'll get a move on.
Be careful with Newt.
Man who marries his mistress creates an opening in the position!
Dear DC, today's weather, much better.
Thx.
theme for this years getready syep job training placement initiative 'got the hookup'?
We help ppl find jobs and help them get skills!
Adele is gorgeous!!
crazy after party .
Makin hella connections for
Really?
Toy Story?
No Mac version, looks like :
I'll sit with ya
thats such an aries comment lol
supportlocalmusic Live with a few long songs.
really behind on homework, goodnight
When you go to download an app and it says this app is not compati
being a loyal Gunner like we are deserves a reward.
SHOW THIS TEXT  you and/or a special some get 50 off any spa service
RT : What does women's health mean?
Which topics are and are not being discussed?
Join our HAchat at 3pm EST to talk
HappyBirthday DukeEllington Born April 29, 1899.
His 50 year career performing American Music inspired musicians of all genres.
The sky is gorgeous  this time
Unholy hell, I've never even heard of Attack of the Vegan Zombie!
HOW DID I MISS THIS??
FRI it's Wausau, WI at Malarkey's Pub.
SAT it's Green Bay, WI at The Crunchy Frog.
SUN it's practicing sitting in a van.
Always great to see you !
It's a small world!!!
rebhan Comfortable earnest.
LIked how you concluded, too.
OMG remember Jesse McCartney?
Wow I loved him
shmhgsasfhjlhhvsaaaahhhhhh so excited for tomorrow!!!!!!!
wish i would have did some things different in my life ..If I did probably wouldnt be in this predicament
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time
Any momentum Romney has gained over the past few contests is slowly being eroded as he loses the South.
I've had three techie wins in one night here!
Feeling very blessed that I don't need to buy more computer equipment after all!
Aubrey Huff at second base?
Nice job, Giants.
Just blew a routine play in 10th inning.
trying for both.
Allen is on at 10:15 so probably that before lumineers?
Gotta see what casbah set times are.
thanks for the free socks !
they freakin rock!
Glee ended great.
But Glee Season 4 is gonna go HAM
all college athletes and college fans follow
hell yeah fuck everyone else
Today's positive goal: organize my home.
Out with the old, in with the new.
Only way to see improvement in your life is 2cleanse it all 3
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW 3
The one that talks forever?
posted, there is no reason on earth why success will be far from your grasp.
Congrats to the greatest assistant curator!!!
She is officially a violet graduate!
So proud
doh!
capfringe12 we having been burning the midnight oil over here...
askzayn mosques in turkey walked before
Leonard: You can get more flies w/honey.
Sheldon: You can get even more with manure.
What's your point?
lol
True love  Fergie's doctorss.
Rihanna's doctorss is gorg, but her hair  true disaster.
I would so totally support that!
we need to send Dan off in style.
What should we do?
Tickets are available now!
10 and all funds go to Childoctorn's Cancer Fund of NM.
Come see some fantastic kids supporting a wonderful cause
The emerging kodm productive problem seems to be metamodeling
will perform in the big room at 3p!
Don't miss 'em playing a and gig tonight at Rumba Cafe!
she's a puppet.
MT : Newson says release has absolutely nothing to do with timing of recall election, didn't consult w/ Gov.
before release.
RT : So we spend hundoctords of billions of dollars on war, defense, military but 1 on 6 homeless people is a veteran??
Team Obama want BrianWilliams as the moderator for all presidential debates
I may have to undergo surgery, but I pray that they just inject my knees b/c I don't wanna miss any shows this summer.
Hopefully it gets fixed!
Lately my Macbook Pro won't wake up from sleep and I have to hold the power button down!
Pathbrite CEO is showcasing next gen eportfolio and knowledgegraph examples.
Awesome!
RT : If God Answers ur Prayer, He's increasing ur Faith.
If He Delays, He's increasing ur Patience.
If that's a great one yo...
oh , i have one coming up to , i wish you luck !
It's gon' be that 1 Houston girl at 's show who's like fck it  will either a spraypaint on a doctorss; or b wear something seethru
I got a puppy!
Your dog and my dog should get together!

Re: Dexter...Showtime version or network version?
Next Monday: an EXTRA SPECIAL Tailtime!
Author/Illustrator Derek Anderson will be here!
Party starts at 10:30am!
Yea iv been with his since he put his first video, and i will be with him till he takes his last breath.
Simplicity is making the journey of this life with just baggage enough.
Charles Dudley Warner
Can't find your locker?
Member lockers have now moved from the south side to the gallery by the kitchen and conference studios!
I'm sure they do bro.
Hope we can all do Disneyland 2gether.
and something about getting a chance or something like that
TOMORROW we say Relax...it's Monday open bar for ladies noon1pm plus  spinning
Goin to work phoneless...this is gonna suck
we moved to Brookes Ave just above Balboa Park!
Great street.
see you Wednesday?
Call me
no not yet let me do it now
Hope it went well.
Looking for beer in Baltimore?
Try Quarry Wine Spirits.
still wondering why they should pay big bucks for the story her lawyers fabricated that we heard for free
Finished test only had 4 questions
happy birthday Milli!
Much love!3
Hell yes it would!
We just have to tell all of our Ohio friends about them  make a concert promoter book them!!
:
I find it hard to believe there are actually people who get in the shower first and THEN turn on the water.
Take a couple pics if you can
Glad you feel this way.
RT: : Ians pizza is sorta super fantastic: yum fatty
Just because she's pretty doesn't mean your ugly!
can u please tweet it to Me!!!
Two things I treasure most in life are: 1.
being psychoanalyzed by an amateur, part time psychologist; 2.
Sarcasm.
The assistant coach's job is never done...
Always!
;P
Test in 24 hours got to study, need more caffiene
Not a good sign.
I usually heart delta.
United my 1 though.
Gold w/ them.
Facebook just upgraded us to the timeline format!
Our page will be looking rather different in the morning...
Thanks!
Did you win the past round?
aw.: your a cutie 3333
People of color: you can refer to me as a Caucasoid American.
My birthday is May 25th just a reminder.
I like gift cards,cake,tatertots  doing comedy!
the hamster wheel.
Fascinating correlationMoving real fast but going nowhere.
seems legit.
Is there an automatic orange peeler out there somewhere?!
No one wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want the most is the person you're best without.
awesome night!
ready for a great day of ultimate tomorrow
CELTICS!
IAmACeltic Now I can shower!
Ah awesome night!!!
Watching the Heat game makes me want to ball up.
It's been too long.
Still can't get over how satisfying Spike Lee's pout face is.
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now; let's get to number 1!
RolexOnKROV :
I don't wanna wake up :
Headshot Tip: Book your session in the afternoon so you can sleep late  look rested the day of your shoot!
very cool!
Once a Simpsons fan, always a Simpsons fan
Nothing reminds me what a klutz I am like clumsily fumbling around the new interface.
I hope this bitch didn't just tweet about me.
I wann u to suck my cockiness and eat my persuasion!!!!
And slurp my cum afta....
Found my pink high top chuck taylors, MyBabies 3
dance tonight!:
perfect love is not loving a perfect person but learning to love an imperfect person perfectly
Central Oregon sports fans: keep an eye on former Sisters High standout Cory McCaffrey.
His PSU team gets a shot at national power TCU.
In the arms of an angel...
turns channel
OMG i LOVE austing single!!!
I MADE MY MOM GO TO WALMART AT 1 AM TO GET A ITUNES CARD!!
And it will be a great chapter.
Stay strong and game on RT: : On to the next chapter of my Life
Yes!
Especially if it was DIRK instead of R805.
Want or germaine to win but mostly julliette
It's always fucking deflections man...
your lil chris
Coolin watching without a trace...
Dear aphids:You're really going after my honeysuckle this year.But I will get every one of you covered in soapy water  you will ruetheday!
Up to 81 Off Infrared BodyContouring Wraps in Studio City, okay Groupon what is this this isnt real
NAB day one.
Hope to bring you product pics and info as the day goes on.
DIRTYCASH going in in tonight w DJ Herbert Holler !
and like he somehow transfers godlike powers to doctorb while he recovers
everything is worth fighting for if you believe in it.
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.21
Spending weekend with MOM and DAD.
good morning y'all!
hope everyone had an amazing weekend!
Working mothers suffer less depression than moms who remain at home.
Congratulations Geordie Klueber!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
In my experience, OCR has always been a bit, off.
Never matched up to pretty tight dating in the Black Warrior Valley in AL/MS
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.
Romans 12:12
I give them defined faces.
Sometimes its with familiar faces and some I don't recognize.
But always a face.
Who knew watching a bunch of people study for a chemistry exam would be soo entertaining?
lolz
i mean the film, the city or the craving?
Hey if Bret Farve retires he can come run the Monumental!
I am thoroughly convinced that, with practice, the focused mind can see the beauty that exists in any and every moment.
land rover discovery/defender alloys ?
KD just fought back from 14 down now just down 8
Reminder that GradBash tickets are on sale after school in room 233 for 110!
haven't seen you on Chelsea lately :  Miss you.
still want you to get your own show!!
home watchin the avengers wit vince saba hasann and his cousin
SomethingILearnedLongAgo WAS HOW I TIE MI SHOEE
whered did you find this sign?
lmao I'm sure your still hittin that reefer.
KAYKAY
On stage  doctorve on stage on a rocket bike.
people plzz follow me
yeah, I think that's why it's taken so long to hit national media.
not good for pitt or all other edu institutions.
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster!
Check us out, can we send you some info??
Let him who is without 35mm preservation negatives, cast the first stone
Last two months have felt great..proud to look back with no regrets.
Fyi : RT : Dont travel far for food.
Visit FoodTruck!
13p Courtyard Marriott / 48p Google Lot
Twitter's so not cool anymore..
But you didn't have to cut me off, make out likely never happened and that we were nothing.
Joslyn, you're outfit is amazing!
:D
Dont miss the opportunity to: learn How to Improve Health and Stability
However, the season rating cannot be too specific as toleration of cold varies from person to person
it's so interesting, isn't it?
I played Colson's secretary in AllthePresidentsMen!
1st film.
People that bite their nails 
I think my pool is open now I better go and check it out before kids pee in it
Now thinking combo pizza will never be the same.
Crap my sleeping schedule is so messed up....
I'm so awake right now.
It's unconscionable that 45,000 people in the US die every year because they can't afford care.
thanks.
I'll make sure I get you a book.
In LA now until Thursday night.
yep!
we moved in last week and it's amazing!!!
With the 1st pick in the 2012 MLS Superdoctorft, the Montreal Impact select F Andoctorw Wenger, Duke U.
YES!!
I woke up to a urinefree bed!
Just 2 more tasks to complete today and this weekend will be a total success.
Just want to thank for enriching my life with your service.
Love it!
your not strong without a king in its place.
You are our responsibility...
Great ride with yesterday.
Thx 4 waiting for me!
I really did run all away across the plaza.
Ride w these guys, they're great!
Between what I suspect is a fresh pile of dog shit on the lawn and the wind factor, I'm rethinking this front porch office thing.
I've been trying for a reply for weeks now so please answer this one question: what's your fav color?PLEASE REPLY!!!
:
I like not working the city...black people never tip
Great snooki and jwow coming to jersey city 
at the bar just put David Bowie by phish on the jukebox straight because your my brother
Sad that a Jane Eyre clip is the most of Michael fassbender we can hope for
thanks for following me!
I can't wait to move to Denver!
Absolutely, Dutch is fine.
Cataloging librarians should not be limited by language.
I just KNEW that McLouth play was going to come back and bite the Bucs in the ass.
So excited to have Kristi Dunlap on board!
Already seeing great changes ahead.
What would life be like without chocolate?
I can't bear the thought.
They just mentioned One Direction on Today Tonight on their story about Australian iTunes ripoffs!
Birthday shout out to !!
Have a great day.
You deserve it.
I'm interested in reading a post about your creation process for a lettering project.
Fav tools/equipment used, inspiration...
Everytime I see a trailer/news for the Hunger Games movie I get intense chills  goosebumps..EVERYTIME.
I'm so excited omg.
I barely tweeted today and I got 14 new followers :
Bike update: 1st coat of paint is doctoring as I type.
Gonna do the 2nd coat tonight right before bed, then all I'll have to do is clear coat!
Flight 2 lady told me all about her husbands golf something or other in Holland and her kids and and and....
You're lucky.
Great post.
That part about the research yourself and how to change google results could be another post.
I heart cady groves.
murder is prob.
my fave song by her.
and....
bullying is for the weak.
because i knew you, i have been changed for good.
NP.
Thanks for pointing out the typo.
Embarrasing, but fixed now.
Could you use our complimentary annual subscription?
Thanks to the attendees of last night's MSMP event at MillerCoors!
We'll see you on Nov.
17 at the Bradley Center.
The struggles I'm facing, the chances I'm taking.
Sometimes might knock me down, but no I'm not breaking.
thanks David omg!
What happened to all our teams in Worlds?
Wow!
Just Finished watching.
US, Can,  Swed.
Meatballs.:
I am fine, Thanks, How are you?
Long time no call, no see.
What's new?
this isn't good : its not even 1
Cold.
: at IS8  old school dude asked..At LSU was Chris Jackson that good or were we watching an illusion?
you sure?
Man on phone at airport, I NEED some barstools.
well spoken
rli when?
what day?
Lol about to play.
catchphrase!
RT : RT volunteertrends volunteers want lots of manageable assignments, but they want them one at a time
omg , heartattack .
my volume was on max !
hey hey buddy claude good morning and have a great day 3
John Carter of Mars...
Surprisingly amazing!
Hope to see some sequels
My house is the most hectic place anyone could ever be.
I wish I had some other place to go when i needed to be alone and think
my sister's screech if I even come in the room.
Even wild birds have targeted me before lol I try and steer clear when possible.
Thanks love!
:
The One That Got Away...
last evening before graduation, babysitting professorssor Luciana's lil daughter Isabella...
and doctornking a doublecupped coffee, of course
Here is the link where you can sign up for my Acting  Modeling tips and receive your special bonus.
Sorry about that!...
Nope.
Not today.
Higuera continues to be uncharacteristically wild.
Two more walks and Canseco doctorves home Javier and Phillips with a hit.
Tied at 5.
Sometimes I miss living in flint
lol maybe....and ok
roars laughing
Locked out of the house
Leaving memphis going to new orleans
TODAY!
Celebrate women in medicine at the Biomed Library at UCLA today from 121PM.
Light refreshments will be served!
Is it time yet?
I'm craving a good midday blackout sesh
Am I a bad pet parent if I laugh when the cat tries to jump from the countertop onto the china hutch  misses?
wanting to be homeschooled so you can be like austin.
please RT our last tweet for applicants!!!
Working in my new project: secret.
49 a month to take yoga, mat pilates  cardio classes.
Over 100 classes offered each month!
www.eastvillagebodyshop.com
IUsedToLikeYouBut But I Realized Your Never Going To Change
dawned on me to how yoga is like mediation  gotta make yourself comfortable in uncomfortable situations..
hm..
gotcha thinkin?
yay my friend Melissa started there a few weeks ago, congrats!

jasmine needs to stop swinging her Remy everywhere .
You get tickets?
What's more illegal, Kermit?
Briefly inconveniencing Jack Black?
Or Destroying the muppets??
Okay I can officially say it!
There are three different engine manufacturers in the top 6!
The Revolution won't be televised.
YouTube, maybe...
Twitter definitely!
But TV...
No.
Not nowadays!
;L
Survived 4 days in
Sun is shining here in Seattle.
What matters: health, love, and your mission in that order.
Kobe vs Westbrook is the key series.
Russ will take Durant out of the game trying to out play Kobe.
Lakers in 6.
To RNG what's your favorite pitbull song
And we can't 4get the ladies who will be the 1st faces of the Bellargo Women's Collection!
I still believe in Baron Davis.
I think he'll come up big when it counts if the Knicks can get to when it counts.
We just had an
i need to find more friends that are beliebers :/ most of the people in my high school are haters.
its so annoying.
looks like it might be a long night for the cowboys.
Just over nine minutes in and Badgers only have one turnover against the Orange, who specialize in steals
Got 2 free round trip airline tickets because they fucked up our flight outta Denver!
FUCK YEAH!
bring on the hipster festivals!!!
you kids get a room ;
Left me with a heavy heart..
: shout out to the girls who suck dick every weekend but still make it to church every sunday aka girls at my school.
: One more spoon of cough syrup now, uhooh thirsty..
Wednesday?
Every time I leave my LA office and go to Newport Beach the Dow doctorps 200 points!
I'll take that bet and a Chicago deep dish RT Mayor's bet on that?
I would like In'n'Out Burger for the wager.
working on selling some stuff today.
bookcases, entertainment center, cabinets, wine rack, etc.
posting on craigslist like mad!
Heat tureens are hereafter sucking in popularity tureens
Being able to touch so many people through my businesses and make money while doing it, is a huge blessing.
Magic Johnson
fsohio is not coming in in my area
Can you tell me how the essays are?
Please and thank youu!:
I had a 630 meeting this morning.
Yep long day!
If your following you shld tell ya followers to follow if they want TAP
If you need a SMILE...take one of ours!!
Have a great day!
A word is dead When it is said, Some say.
I say it just begins to live that day.
Emily Dickinson
Headed to The Horseshoe to perform today's Paper Machete.
Starts  3  come out  Its fun!
Rated best comedy show of 2011 by Chicago Reader
Twandering  has that one been invented yet ?
As in the 'obligatory twander'...Ha !
Almost sounds dutty ;
Wonders why so many of MKE skaters are basically frat boys on wheels.
Grow up and act right for fuck sake!
Trying to get used to the MK14 in CoD: MW3, single shot...
not bad though...
205 in my last team deathmatch with it...
ppl still think this is the wade of past gotta get over it in this moment he's the most inconsistent heat
HowAreYouAThug but u look like a
hey, i am trying to join tiny chat but it is not letting me
: Pooping to Yanni.
unclegary memories hahaha omg he is my favorite person ever.
kool..I tweeted them all.
Also Bollig.Ben Smith, Carter Hutton,  Asham.
Lol...check  see later or tomorrow if they RT.
good got, finishing my degree this year, thinking of going to boston for a matters in nutrition communication
congratulations Chad!
then WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU WRITE THAT SHIT !!!!!!!!!!
Hahahahahaha just kidding
And the wealth shall inherit the earth.
In a statement, Zuckerberg reminds critics, Looks, I spend 1B on startups the same way most people buy socks.
I love listening to Lex and Charlotte's battle over and over.
I also love to listen to Pip and Erin Willett a lot.
Whats the over/under on how many times LLCool J will lick his lips.
whoa what?!
what the?!
We talk all the time on skype!
AND a friendship is a two way street!
U never call me!!!
Awkward moment when you get out of the shower  there's people over...
O.o
Ora's Paul Gomes to present Allergic Conjunctivitis Models: Past, Present and Future  the Allergy doctorg Discovery  Development Conference
I saw you on earlier talkimg about google doctorve...
Great Job!
Young the Giant, M83, Florence  the Machine, and Two Door Cinema Club are some
The theme of this years warped tour  screeming.
Where did all the pop punk bands go?
should start studying for my economics test ...
...and the Oscar goes to...
N.
Koreans for violently crying for the cameras while motherfucking Kim Jong Douchebag in their minds.
Use the comments section of the survey to suggest another map option that you prefer.
Brands: Pinterest has an easier way to report copyright infringement now.
Use it  most importantly, be aware of it.
After 5 long months we take possession of the new studio today!
Very excited...
Follow ......
Big things Coming Soon!
doctor Wendy Walsh tells that weak people use guns to massage their sense of fear.
falsepower watchCNN now
WilDChildZ ICONiacz GRANDerz anyone got plans today tell me
prostitution was her choice.
If she can't handle it then she should pick better professorssion like idk contributing to society
Haha people on here really buy followers its called get the fuck out the house and meet people buy followers fuck that
why thanks, much appreciated...
I dont need another autographed copy of M and D.
Its all yours :
This week is going by kind of fast
sorry for assuming, but yes I was talking about it.
Haha I think every kid had a obsession with it.
I still like it.
Im lame ik.
Take life with a grain of salt, a slice of lime, and a shot of tequila :
How do you guys feel about frequent contests?
Chances to win boxes of contacts, valuable coupons, and even cash?
:
Actually I'm not really using twitter anymore :S
A Very Du Brut Christmas tonight at 8.
Come down to Canal Club and stay warm!
Tomorrow's h.Bytes at Google DC HQ is officially sold out.
Looking forward to a great visit!
I have a freshman formal coming up and I'm so gonna have them play IFeelLikeDancin'!
: Everyones gonna love it!
I'm done with The Talk.
I tried to watch today but Im sorry to say w/o you and Leah the show sucked.
I'll stick 2 the View
Ladies, if you want to meet someone, visit  check into a sports bar.
Odds are in your favor, high spike in users today watching football
oh, congrats on your poster!
I have one, too.
We should meet in person at mlanet12.
:
: Wanna go for a run?
How about an easy 10.
Miles, not minutes.
runchat runnerds running runner sounds great!!
YES!
RT : Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life.
It will never change.
Go Pack Go!!!!
: Milania say sorry to her.
: I have gum in my mouth  dying !
I love that kid !
listening to old demo songs, and thinking they easily are as awesome as what actually got recorded.
lets make more music...
11:11 I wish doesn't move but still succeeds in his signing3
I arrived to a homecooked meal just now!
Such a lovely surprise.
: Thankful for being provided for.
YA I COULD
Anyone else watching football?
that is funny!
the 2 go so well together, seems there are many similarities between weather and the ground.
An act of service is an act of love and trust.
Its also an act of responsibility and of courage a stand for the integrity of human life.
AMAZING JOB TONIGHT AT TEEN HOOT YOUR AMAZING I LOVE YOU
it was my cousin's and it broke :
3 you know that girl, Ally Balkey?
Shes cute.:
whatever you say .
What happens when museums become event doctorven rather than exhibition doctorven?
I'm going domestic lady cook later
Just downloaded Gimp, and it was really easy to do what I needed to do!
Very cool shot!
Happy Holidays :
we didn't get Spanish hw right ?
My girl is beautiful, she takes care of me crazy good, I'm keeping this one
Lights please lights please .
I am on there now!
Finally!
FDA Plans to Cut Antibiotics in Food Animals
Haha true that!
Too bad I can't see emojis tho :/
Just wanted to welcome Amber, the latest Member of the Moiko Records Artists Network.
Thanks for Joining Amber

School bound
: You're doing well tonight nerd fights at once and  damn I can't see the other one
So apparently, my doctor thinks I may have mono?!
I think it gives new meaning to awesomely bad.
But OMG are the doctorwings hilarious.
Especially the guy with the sperm laser beam
SURPRISE!!!
'Avengers 2' Is Officially Happening: Disney Announces Sequel Is In Development huffpost Chaching!
i've said it before and i'll say it again i believe you're psychic  thank you for all your support Jeedo!!!!!!
thats funny, i just always thought my butt was shaped like a water bottle
Lol RT If athletes get athlete's foot, what do astronauts get?
Missile Toe Ar ar ar
Cleveland Renaissance  we believe!
we must get pumpkin spice lattes when I get back to Nash!
then I'll pick you up and carry you on my shoulders right back where you belong ....
Above everyone else
Glad you liked the story.
I'm from West Bloomfield.
I went to State my wife went to UM.
Good to see you last night.
ok, if you ever want to come down let me know.
We workout at 1230 most days.
Dark Almonds NastyAF 
Going to have to do a taste test challenge of who's coffee is better now!
vs
I'm Mexican and I've had enough of him too.
Should've been an alltime great for us.
Bad outweighs good for me.
GoodNight/Morning twerps muAhh
Lol : I'm sick of following my doctorams.
I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later.
I support Obama's views on marriage equality.
Way before he did.
I just don't understand y govt is involved in it to begin with.
yea good job dude.
I had a nice 3 under.
lmao.
Remember the setting doctorll?
XD
Amazing win !!!
Respect to the Bruins for pushing it to 7.....actually, F BOSTON!
Yall win a title every few years.
Time goes by so fast :
My Twitter doin that dumb shit again...ent let me tweet dammit..
yeah no doubt.
I think he's p solid, but some tweeps were comparing him to Obama and I got scared.
My nerves just got supa bad..
My hand n arm a weak, n my stomach is turnin flips.
What an INCREDIBLE week teaching Leadership Skills w/ AMAZING women!
Great to see but wish I'd seen here more!
Whats up man?
What's your friends twitter handle?
I'm going to connect him with my friend to do a collab.
Why am I here?
LOl ..
You always crack me up ..
Hope you are having a fun night in LA like i am in Orlando ..
hehehe :
How old were you when you wrote your first song?
you do look super Asian with the bangs...
This is going to be a great series.
But I AM NOT any kind of fan of either team.
Got it?
You want it put your name on it....
Cake, cake, cake, cake...
First official day of my halfmarathon training plan!!!
Cross your fingers for me!
Rise and shine!
NACUA conf.
in San Fran kicks off today with New Lawyer Workshop this morning and Gen Counsel Roundtables this afternoon.
Time to circle the wagons Saints fans!
Totally remembered all of the words to
Timeline going live on my Facebook is the only unlucky thing that happened to me today.
WAY TO RUIN MY GREAT DAY, TIMELINE.
Melvin is sharing how seeing the camp made him realize how cruel people could be, and how we can never let it happen again.
Last night's SundayJazzLounge was GREAT!
crushed it!; SJL Sunday 4/3, still only 5
Was that the first time you flew?
4 hours of sleep...think I'll be a bit of a grouch for a bit today...smh
Came away from the office Christmas party with a wine rack, 50, and a screwdoctorver.
Awesome.
Love  life is such a beautiful thing.
Especially when they go together.
Coverage of scprimary this afternoon Radio at 4pm after polls close.
prairiehomecompanion will start at 6pm.
Fingers crossed they don't fuck up and change the TNA title at this week's tapings.
I want Bobby Roode to break the record.
idk I guess not but whatev:
Ling on SM:We have this burning desire 2 b liked.
It's exacerbated  perpetuated all these insecurities I had when I was younger.
What To Do ?
Ugh I Need To Go To Target Today 
nothing like fatty milk when the girls are away.
I like a half and half  whole milk blend.
Why don't you come  take a sip with me?
hope all the soldiers come home safe and thank your for serving out country!!
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
In my life, I've lived, I've loved, I've lost, I've missed, I've hurt, I've trusted, I've made mistakes, but most of all, I've loved
You Never Ask Me To Take A Picture Widd You / Lol
thanks : Follow team
Follow me neighbor.
Pwease
tweet of the year!!
This Happy Hump Day is brought to you by Wednesday, who wishes to remind you that in two days it'll be Friday.
Thank you!
Happy thanksgiving!!
Ate way to much!
Smile when in pain, smile when troubles pour like rain and smile when someone hurt ur feelings.
Cause smiling always starts the healing.
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Chilean wines are great  keep it coming!
eat your heart out.
Remem it's an open house from 58pm tonight so no res required.
Just stop in for doctornk  taste amazing balsamics  oo from around the world!
hey hey buddy caroline good morning love you so much my dear buddy have a fab day and take care 3
Agreed.
They always have all the Mississippi releases Mississipi sells out of.
Fairly priced, etc.
East Side Deli rules, too.
Nice Guys Don't Get No Play !
Hot Heads Get The Time Of Day !
Making up nicknames for people you don't know but see all the time.
Like the taco lady:D
It's still hopping here!
Come on down!
Hope everyone has some fun and get home safe tonight Baby!
flopping is not allowed in the nba go to San Antonio if you want you want to be a real
Malzahn used to be the OC  UofA but left for Tulsa b/c of tensions between him and the athletic department don't think he wants that again
I love lamp.
I LOVE LAMP.
This guy with a stache singing at Silverlake Lounge looks like your uncle.
bookaday ZAPATO POWER FREDDIE RAMOS ZOOMS TO THE RESCUE by Jacqueline Jules Like this series.
tomorrow is gonna be GREAT  3 cant wait bitchhs!:
It's about time !
Overheard at the pool: Did you hear?
Per Se got a B.
Good!
all of those things sound awesome!
We have free House Of Blues tix if u wanna come out.
Show is Sept.
5th.
There's nothing better then my caramel brûlée and a cigarette in the morning 
Writing is what you do when you are ready and acting is what you do when someone else is ready.
Steve Martin
I really DISLIKE foul bitches!.
so you're having fun then?
Spoonbread Festival in Berea, KY starts tomorrow.
Visit Stamp To Cope booth 113
Final Congrats to KS for best picture!
And apologies for posting Christian Bales win 2 min before it was announced!
Thanks Twitter!
We're thinking of starting a kickstarter for season 3.
What would you guys like us to give you as incentives?
HappyBirthdayMamaMahone!!!!
I hope she has the bestest day ever!!: 3
Looking for a chill lounge with great doctornk prices?
Come into ...4949...
in Las Vegas.
Off to GITCO meeting....
When Amc invites me to watch their godfather marathon, thats an offer I can't refuse
there album is off the charts!!
I luv them uncle Simon waz so right to put them together!!
Agree, wish we played SD or PIT every game RT Matt Kemp...
best player in baseball right now?
I have to say yes.
Why in the morning...?
See Matt 6:33  Seek ye first the kingdom of God,  his righteousness;  all these things shall be added unto you.
definitely a blessing g, hopefully I land one after graduating this coming spring
NICK BABY OMG
'There are worse bands than Nickelback...
maybe.'  The Black Keys
lololzz made my day.nighhhtty night
MajorProps to the it was great meeting you all this week at projectlove we were inspired by your amazing project : 
Can't wait for some playoff action!
Blueandyellow!!
Marriage is pretty gay, but gay marriage is some pretty serious shit.
My theory is that these are not really live birds but little computers designed to make us feel special.
hehehe
Going to Alfonso's in La Jolla for birthday margaritas!
I have extra you can use I'll bring it
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
: did she get preferential treatment because of her skin pigment?.
This is UNCOOL!!!
In a fit of unbridled enthusiasm, Trevor and Dan shaved their heads on Friday night.
Does anyone think Spencer and Danny should follow suit?
awesome.
what university?
There is audio up of actual shit sounds being texted.
Shats R Us is the the Featured Bit: www.freekshowradio.com
Started Advanced Seminar readings.
2012 Advanced Seminar is going to be outstanding.
Congrats to our good friend Leesa and her husband on the birth of their baby boy Wyatt.
We can't wait to meet the little guy!
:
Bout to HEAD TO mister SMITHS DT SF roll thru downstairs Ill hook you up!!!
yea too bad I missed THAT was quite the mess..
iDont Want It!
iNeed It And It Would Complete My Life!!
I've had it for a few months now.
I like it.
i just wish more people used it.
Talking about opportunities...open your mind to the possibilities!!!
It seems as if Mitt Romney had a very clear and strong message last night.
Is he ready for the fight of his life?
at least it's the right color!
The HERO in the American Tradition is the man who stands up to the mob...not the mob  Author on NPR this morning.
Would you recommend reading 50 Shades of Gray?
You two are brains I trust.
haha ;
Hurling something across the room is probably not the best way to win an argument...
but it can be immensely cathartic.
I will have the archive up later for the unfortunate ones who missed this awesome chat.
Do tell...
i know but he had more swag than quannah he had a little blowout with cargos, long socks and vans with an I LOVE HATERS shirt
Who does your labels?
They are always great.
haha, agreed!
Happy day off!
I doubt it lol.
I just thought it'll be funny to add somebody with my last name.
!!!
RT : I hate Vick so much in madden
You're amazing and beautiful and gorgeous and flawless.
Nobody can compare to you.
I love when you smile.
You are welcome america : a new doctornk: the hamlet, a gimlet that doesn't quite know what it is
hahahaha completely understandable
Hey erin!!
RT: Hello hangover!
really grateful for the lodlam presentation in the megadata session.
Great overview of how LOD and RDF works.
I can't find it online yet, but if I do I will share!
just reading an artical and it said a group of girls told niall he shouldnt be in One direction!
Like wht the hell RT if u love niall.I do
mamas boy i love that song justin
Looking for new business?
We've passed over 125k this year  not including Q3.
Take part, shoot me a message 
A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another.
If these minds love one another, the home will be as beautiful as garden
It's been two years since doctor Height passed, but her influence continues.
Well i have an andoctorid..
but i say iphone :P
Too long a day at work.......ready to leave
So did Santa get you your favorite team gift?
Keep it up, it's a great book, no matter what they say.
you use nothing in your hair?
or something else?
hows that going?!
Perfect day.
Perfect weather.
:
Thanks for the follow 
NICE ;D I might be there.
I was suppose to keep my mouth shut doe.
:c sowwwy.
According to spox Ben Meyers, around 85 arrests during MayDay protests in NYC
please help me understand why you are worried that people want to play poker online
I think they're next to each other on most phones and computers.
Aren't they?
qwerty hope your day is going well!
Moth Radio Hour: melding my passions radio, stories, museums.
AAM headed in right direction if storytellers are keynote speakers!
yea so much dancing epic jumps and flips and wowwing extremlly dangerous actions
Can we fast forward to the weekend please !
Great night with friends and now a movie :
A Fool and his money can throw one heck of a party.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once...
We've added some more good old Pop Punk to the September 28th show!
Check out No Good News with Patent Pending and Set it Off at The Hall!
HOLY SHIT.
so i'm just chillin here at my computer...and then i look out my window,  there's like...this fuckin...flock of turkeys 0.o LOL
Every time you come around, You put a lightning bolt on my face  3 MONTHS!
:D
I never thought so either but so many people say it does lol.
Kinda weird ;P
I'm still memorized by Ian I AGREE WITH YOU LIL MAMA
WeirdFactAboutMe I can't touch velvet, I get goosebumps and taste blood in my mouth.
Then I spaz out and do this weird scream thing.
woot woot!
now we have to teach you how to start uploading pictures  videos.
natural rivals
Catch The Decliners tonight at Kelly's Olympian downtown.
10 p.m.
Think Like Teachers?
Some never were, so it's a stretch!
Never walked a mile in the moccasins
Can't wait until spring break!!
Florida here I come :
What's your training been like this past week?
Are you happy with your progress?
It was good to hearing from yesterday, definitely wanna wish him good luck with everything he's doin!
Welcome to Twitter One of Dimitri's family members attends the bschool.
We have sampled the olive oil.
Good stuff!
nigga you the villain in every situation
Almost done with a preliminary trailer!
If 50 people like this status update I'll post it.
:
So, someone in the Biden mold, just not as stupid?
RT For VP, Romney is looking for incredibly boring white guy.
The red head ?: Josh be real life thuuurstin for me.
Instead of a bag, it would be more appropriate if Funyuns came packaged in an old pair of dirty white sweat pants with blood spots on them.
My cheddarz so soft my cheese is on top.
I probably melt it all diz cheez iz so bomb.
it will be a feat if USC pulls Ty Isaac out of ND, OSU, or Michigan's grasp.
BET Awards this year....
Maybe 
HR Operations Coordinator  Weehawken  6 months contract immediate start excellent  As an HR Operations Coordinator in the 
why do you think I'm friends with you ...??
It's cuz you look 12 lol!
: A FREAK gets Freaky with ONE person.
But a HOE gets FREAKY with Multiple people  I know a few hoes...lmao
Someone remind fatlock its preseason.: Todd Haley/Scott Egoli put a 2 team on the field.
Someone remind him it's...
I ate a QT taquito the other day and thought of you.
Ha ha!
we can do this...
on the plus side, this could mean an early exit for mike b.
and maybe the front office will actually do work next season!
Nothing is impossible!
hey Sarah can you follow Me and my personal account?: please!!?
making India Eisley beautiful for Underworld Awakening premiere tonight
Dance going down at 4th annual JUICE hip hop fest at John Anson Ford specially Japanese group!
Almost like the year the ice rink was under the floor at freedom hall.
u know I am
RT Students' accomplishments are the best reward for this career choice.
// well said!
In St.
Louis for the night wish I could stay longer......
At least I get to skate tonight!
Check out.
Colored Paper its a party.
Support good music, the movement is
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
hi misterWilson!
maybe you and super new could put something together....you guys should chat.
2.5 miles post twisted ankle hiatus.
Would your Friday morning become a little better knowing that is catering the Press Box tonight?
Yay!
My BDay is a month from now :
The soccer and climbing shoes will be tough because of performance related issues.
MustSeeMcGee RT : WOW!!
Andoctor Miller with a beautiful half court alley oop to JaVale McGee
Crossing my fingers that I'll be happy not spending extra dough on an SSD doctorve.
I can always add one later.
Did get a 7200 RPM HDD.
Seriously, back off bucko?
What's next, telling me to sit on it?
You are an antiamerican racist piece of trash.
Where's the light?
Your car deserves a spa day!
Mention Twitter to get 30 off any detail!
We're MOBILE  ecofriendly!
sandiego sd auto 9284848
Happy Birthday Kevin Bacon
Opensolaris 2009 06 getting better all the time  Car Decoration ...
Badgers win this next game segment and I think they'll win.
They have to go to the high post to do it tho.
3 parade ending soon
you're dumb.
Medeco is pleased to announce the launch of its newest installment in the SmartDeadboltSolutions, the
We've probably seen each other at this or that screening but didn't know it.
Let's do this!
See you in 15 in room m100i downstairs.
i love you :
Keep an eye out for Book Girl  Cabinet Girl by Jane Wu..
sharing this in our Guidance Counselor Network Meeting this am!
Thanks!
Best.
Idea.
Ever.
RT : Or BTO
nawll I just finished tht paper....did u have to take the exam for human sexuality
S/O to my new followers 
Always lovely meeting with the crew!
I feel like homework should be illegal on your birthday
I guess I have holla at me if u have a girl or I just want sex across my forehead...like wth thats NOT me at ALL!
Treat others the way YOU want to be treated.
I play guitar and write music for the other instruments.
Do you play music at all?
Worst night of my life: in college, a friend and I decided to doctornk a bottle of Manischevitz ironically.
thank you!
I have been dying to hear you talk about the book and your presentaion was great.
Really?
Deron Williams scored 57 points in a game and made a conference finals.
Huge upgrade.
Are you a divorced parent and your kids think you  your ex hate each?
Read what I did you try to amend this for my daughter
DEDICATEDTO BROKE ASS WOMEN AT BARS..TAKE UR THIRSTY ASS TO THE STORE BUY SOME SMART WATER DUMB BITCH
For everyone forget that the heat were 60 against this team so far this season...it is hard to go 70 against one team in a season..
when I'm on instagram I have to look on twitter and click your links to get to the pic..silly Alice
If anyone just has the notion to bring food to the library, and a simultaneous notion to give it to me, I wouldn't be angry.
Yes I did buy a bucket of grilled chicken from KFC for myself because I deserve it after those finals!
Le French have a New President
Today's pet peeves: 1 The bootleggers downtown who tried to sell me advanced copies of SAFE HOUSE and THE VOW.
2 Disney's lazy albeit 
Getting ready to fly to DC for
ha!
fun for Sam.
But then I played until 12:30 a.m.
this morning!
So glad we could hang after the panel!
checking in from atxcouncil, where council members have begun the first of their budget worksessions
Internet service down.
Life now incomplete.
Won't be fix until Fri evening, repair guy better be cute for making live without Internet
Only you would pick up on that subtlety!
In CONCACAF...10 goals are possible!
The thing about May in Springfield is that each week gets more intense...so next week, will undoubtedly be a fun one for labor.
.food vegan great and people nice such !grown theyve much how see to awesome so .lunch at square union at be gonna is snail cinnamon the
I just hate the fact that it's suppose to rain all day today here in Chicago.
What a way to spoil NationalTrainDay!
:
I just wanna be free!
from EVERYTHING
I wanna see The Avengers..
give thanks for the follow!
That's really quite lovely!
gabe's titys can beat yours I bet lmao
I don't WANT.
I NEED.
I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it.
I WISH I could just buy it already 2
Don't miss the jhudc discussion  3 about onsite/online experiments at the Newseum
Die young and save yourself.
I did think it was more than a little odd that you had turned into a spammer!
I thought you were pretty, then I got to know you..
I think it'll be an adventure!
We shall see...
Whoever Maxwell sings to every night is a lucky individual.
OMG.
Do I need to come to Brighton Oaks and Bateswood Manor?
tryna hit the car auction up Feb 7th n 21st???
mile zone the lease of apartments search into codes Of zip on The lease of apartments shows villas house garrets stud :
i wish...tell ma i said waddown

HR Engagement Coordinator sounds interesting.
Could we talk offline?
Already?
Say it ain't so!
Assembly Democrats introduce a package of bills aimed at strengthening tenant protections.
Congrats on the DunnMartel Award !!!
If given the choice between Righteousness and Peace, I choose Righteousness.
Theodore Roosevelt
You know you're pathetic when you get a thrill out of hacking Sungard Banner SSB.
it's why I'm not on here as much as I used to be lol
I wish I had a full tank of gas..
It takes 37 muscles to frown and 22 muscles to smile...
Show off those pearly whites!
www.kravitzdental.com

i did.
trying to figure out what exactly you were referencing in the tweet you mentioned me in
HERE, YOU FOCUS, SO I CAN SEE YOUR FACES.
THE EYES ARE WRONG
Hard to believe anything would beat the wedding speech from Ep.2!
RT : Tonight's LifesTooShort is my favourite ep.
Ford can flat play just needs the ball : Ford with a 23 yard run.
Running really hard so far
the quick brown fox jumped past the lazy dog.
Hey everybody!
Thanks for reTweeting the message!
Life is trying things to see if they work
thanks man and yeah I'm doing 100 and 4x100 for the running part
I heardaboutit but wasn't worried about it.
Hoping everyone is safe in the path of irene :
girls showing cleavage.
that's cool but wonder where's boundary between classiness and vulgarity.
You and me both.
But I can't take anymore.
Gottachangethechannel!
I'm overloading on tacky, predictableness
That's the point.
They won't know about the sacrifice.
Sometimes it's better for them that way.
Good morning fellow NMicans!
IIt's beautiful  sunny outside but boy...what a COLD night  morning!
Me no likey to wake up to frigid air!
I'm enjoying Neil Postman's book Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business
's discussion regarding Mullan in Seattle made the mistake of assuming Sounders fans are rational people.
Going to do our office in this stuff so we can kidproof our school!
So neat!!
Tomorrow boyfriend to be specific
Player of the Year talk!
RT : ur boy blew up Sunday.
Time for me to stop being so nice..it's getting me no where
Just packed up my Salvador Dali print of two blindfolded dental hygienists trying to make a circle on an Etch A Sketch.
Delighted to see that The American Literature Scholar in the Digital Age is out!
Here is the person to talk to about ticket prices.
Brent Thiessen:
the best QB to ever touch a football.
Totally awesome.
I can't believe I picked the right horse.
I didn't put money on it, but still.
Simply on the name: I'll Have Another
MT staffer, Jeff Knight on front page of NY Times!
wiunion So proud!
Merry Christmas
whoop!
doctorps free 'macadelic mixtape' thanks for the heads up !!!
My brother is the new era Steve McQueen.
Thats what they're saying..
doubt it because management said it would be a good idea to stay single because on cyberbullying
Readying for some Cher UK songs back in KC, MO...can't wait to be back in the triple 1!
depends on what you want?
good mexican at matamoros out in brooklyn.
burgers out at 67 burger.
breakfast at char all BK
God help us...
RT : Virgos are attracted to funny, charming intellectual people.
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack strength, not lack of knowledge,but rather a lack in will.
Vince Lombardi
Yes and yes!
Steve Strauss USATODAYSKLZ Rapid Fire This product is as simple as it is ingenious.
The best basketball practice product in the country!
Home from the gym gonna eat than relax for a little than training!
I swear kanye west version of I Dont Like was Garbage especially the remake of the beat I fuck witcha fam
Here's to six more years We're lucky to have you!
RT : Today marks my six year anniversary at :
Milwaukee Fire Dispatch can finally talk to Suburban  Airport Fire on the county radio system.
But don't think MFD mobiles can yet.
Don't take things handed to you by strangers in airports!
:
Does Anyone Feel Like Giving Me 1,000,000  So I Can Get All New Clothes.?:
Peggy: Now, the Second Office Wife.
RT : Hopefully Roc Nation hired new people in the building.
i aint even mad bro im laughing at your squares that say GIF  hahahahahahahah
Today, we talked about how to fund our show.
suggested blackmail.
said no.
Email us if you want to help us out!
thanks for the S/O!
Pretty impressive group to be added in there with!!
Robert Louis Stephenson Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
Nothing beats good guacamole
Georg Viktor  Pesmerga?
Front line heavy :.
I usually use two of them  then Riou as the third frontliner
amen!
Couldn't be more relevant today!
Elem.
school: eww!
you kissed him..
Midd.
school: C'mon, kiss!
kiss!
kiss!
High school: Seriously guys, stop making out and go get a room!
No...Your reply to that should be I hope not
Well, work in the morning..
got to get some sleep.
My weekend is over.
Busy week ahead.
follow this girl she's sexy !
Hey did you know there is a 5 cash back bonus at restaurants when you use your Discover Card!?
Going with Keyshawn and the seahawks....Don't trust Cutler!
Best summer of our lives ahead
Lmao!
Yea ok...He waiting for his invite from the AARPCeltics RT : D.
Fisher looks like he's in his zone.....
Beware lol
Have a safe and creative holiday break!
follow back?
please.
morning austin:
really, at this stage, no reason not to tag Flynn, is there?
Fancy getting the Browns 22, 118.
Clare Coleman: Title X does not cover 100 of cost of health care.
Providers scramble to pay remaining costs for lowincome patients.
The sad thing is that the Cirque Du Soleil thing may actually be amazing but jaded assholes like me have already deemed it stupid.
Fact: I heart you!
Had so much fun hanging out yesterday.
A must repeat soon :
The Orioles traded Don Baylor and two others to the Oakland A's for Reggie Jackson and two others on April 2, 1976.
IMA PUNCH YOU IN YAH FACE :
love that name.
the woman behind me at the grocery store today had over 20 cans of fancy feast.
that was all.
of course i do but i dont want to take a chance on making my wife uncomfortable
Whoa, missing Wendy Chun's talk at c21nonhuman after being reminded by Nishant Shah to read Programmed Visions.
Wish I could hear it!
Straight up awesome!
Even?
I've always found local news PARTICULARLY depressing.
smmmmh, my eyes fine !!!!
Hotter than tabasco
It is the best single way that I am aware of to save money on airfare
Big Knicks win over 76ers.
5 game winning streak!
Feeling good this morning.
Thank you LORD
bestfriend dancing on the camera 
You are welcome.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Victor Borge
Medical sales rep of the future  information concierge.
Jill Gilmont  Medtronic
thanks for the follow up
with rice and beans, plantains and a fresh Cobb salad
Get out of my head..
Helped mom with some errands, and found that someone tossed out some library books..
what to do.
Books are in pretty bad condition.
You don't know what you're alive for until you know what you would die for.
Well I'm glad I put a smile on your face you make me smile too
Ahh cant wait till your new album believe , muchlove , makeachange :
Choppy Bob  coming up!
you still supposed to be on my side.
fuck a Switzerland nigga.
I know you killed it
THIS SATURDAYTru Artiz's GOING AWAY BASH U.S.
ARMYalso Roxy's Bday Bash EVERYONE FREE til 11 hosted by: BOSS CHICK  DEJAVU
giving away doctornks at durkins 810 W Diversey...We buy the Bar
Pretty sure I have every episode of doctorke  Josh recorded.......
AnyoneElse ?
Keep on doin' what you do, easy rider.
Sarah Burton Wins Designer Of The Year at British Fashion Awards 2011 Alexander McQueen successor, Sarah Burton, has two doctorsses in
Investing in a new mini follow focus, matte box, and glidetrack for my Canon 5d Mark II.
Wish I had more money...
Then you realise that the idea is stronger than the machine because the idea not only creates the machine but makes the machine
I feel for Kara when she is home alone.
His mom thinks I'm really pretty and wonders why guys aren't chasing after me.
I don't know that sounds like a fun guessing game to me.
haha yes she was comedy.
it was good seeing you.
The wine is fine.
me too, I would LOVE a long sleeve dark jersey.
Why so few?
Thanks for the retweet!
Take 2.
I believe there is nothing wrong with a preshow cocktail.
Not Pre School.
Made some album art choices today.
Did I mention we're releasing music next month?
An EP...
Free with admission to the Dec.
11th show.
you can do it!
start off with a small one :p
Spending this beautiful day not in class but on the golf course with
lol noo no .
He just going around tellin people he single .
Sounds like the bridge at mile 10 is fixed.
RT : Thanks for rebuilding the bridge today on Wildwood
beachboys tribute was amazing and don't even get me started about adele.
love.
can't wait for jennifer hudson to sing whitney!
want to test that theory ?
Wait a minute, you LIKE captainin Beefheart and you don't like Small Faces, very, very confusing to me.
LOL.
bossypants RT : you are UNavailable for traffic school on Friday.
NFL lockout is getting out of control.
Man fuck you , you're just going to throw it all away like that!
I can't believe you!
: Man I love those show posters!
Who does those for you?
thnx so much!
I usually do most of them actually.
Come down and watch the NCAA Championship with us!
Enjoy half price bottles wine  doctorft beer!
Say the wrong thing and wrong girls come runnin'
How do you get tickets for this?
and What kind of event is it?
Thank you for the RT.
Much appreciation!
I'm grateful for J singing 'Walkin Down The Line' by Bob Dylan upstairs.
Even though I'm pretty sure I'm the heavyheaded gal.
;
Im ur number one fan yes!!!!!!
i wish that somedaY i can meet u hopefully u can follow me plz
hmm I can't find u...
Lol jk I see u
I wanna go back to our first conversation.
You never know!
I get it!
I put two books in my purse just to go to a kid's violin lesson where I'm NOT supposed to read!
S/O 2 THANKS FOR FOLLOWING
: yes!
Penis shaped food sculptures are sure to get u that raise you've been hoping for!
That's possible...
Both those guys are his friends...
I'm just glad he didn't bolt out
Check out our new website at www.essentialdata.com

I'd like to a see a citizen's IT review/advisory board as part of the new administration, regardless of who wins.
RT : sometimes when you are the closest to your breakthrough the pressure is the greatest.
you have come too far to give up now!
is this Max?
Im not particularly religious, but one of the greatest things about religion is that it makes you look up
yea I'm good bro..
I was try a link up wit n pharris about the demo we was talking bout in the summer
hi what are u sloots doing?
Chipped up a little.
14k after first break.
been there...
I see what u did there
almost seems like they are trying to make an opening to eventually call up Vlad..
Acting like were sleeping so even benge wont come talk to us.
where are you moving to?
Curse of the introvert?
I have the same problem.
I'm plenty confident in myself, until I have to tell other people.
To anyone that ihave ever encountered..Thanks
nice!
What school are you at?
Chuck D: Music echoes the voice of the community.
Craving a burger gonna shake it over to Shake Shack.
Yup
Very upset about the passing of Adam Yauch.
The Beastie Boys music was a big part of my life growing up.
RIP MCA
If you speak about it,, you should be about it not just preach about it all day.!!!
Watching the history of us on the history channel.
It's a marathon.
doctorveway moment w/ Charles Lewis on
On the boat headed to another platform.
Beautiful day on the ocean.
Got home for 1 hr today, almost got a nap between jobs
I'm good.
Recovering from Toy Fair.
: How are you?
I love everyone simply b/c they are human, but I really don't like a lot of people.
I ignore most phone calls and turn down most outings...
Happy Mothers Days to all the deceased parents.
My heart goes out to those ones who parents are no longer here.
R.I.P
YW and TY for your posts  and have a great weekend too  what's left of it....
whenpeoplesay Metro instead of Subway in NY I Chuckle and say, no we're in my city now!
Order sent to Emily in NJ!
uk my phone doesn't like me lol hahaha and ur were making a toby duck face!
this bullying situation has become a serious epidemic
As article says, emphasis is very much on education.
I recall we tried a domestic abuse case my year.
Now follow 
Certainly not...
lol : I doubt it!
RT : Probably more than me!
So have you ever doctoramed of your boyfriend cheating and then wake up mad at him?
Going to BN and not leaving til half this paper is done.
What to do at the host stand when you're waiting for customers to arrive: give yourself temporary tattoos.
relativity: Why the house feels freezing at 68 degrees in the winter and yet boiling at 68 degrees in the summer.
lol.
Yup!
Going on about 6 hours for me now.
What about you?
right on homeboy
Congrats to and who both were given the secret CovertTU password!
See you both tonight!
Cool, is member 7,900 in the LinkedIn group!
Don't worry, he is connected to tech, thanks to his Software Cluster initiative
Still doctorpping more shit than a pigeon
Oh yeah...
what state do u live n??
Yes, Nature, we are very impressed.
Now maybe let up just a little...?
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep
.
Itd be looking like a hoe if all you showed were your boobs!
Not to just show us the bathing suit.
Is there a rule that defines what a High Res image is?
What size constitutes High Res?
What a great way to start my twentieth birthday.
A toast of 100 year old Grand Marnier in a brandy snifter.
whatnow?
yay!
Can't wait for m83 to get on stage
Thats so sweet.
johnna is the best!
All of a sudden, the web seems a little bit emptier.
Pay day tomorrow!
A good time to try out Vitality!
With a 30 day 100  back guarantee you can't go wrong!
Let me know if you're ready!
me too.
Ready for the big game?
Go CATs
got room for two for lunch?

Welcome!
LUV the GOV!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
I should spite her somehow...
Wow!
I will go there posthaste.
: lol I knew you was stunning anyways!
Good Friday to all!
Grace  Peace be yours always, but especially today.
I know!
and it will be awesome if movie coupons jump out at the same time :
YRsit brings back memories.
okay no neck
Did anyone see 's face after that touchdown?
Just got a job woohoo :
Wonder if SCOTUS will remember they hve lifetime apps  th only effect Obamas statement will hve is 2 galvanize their opinion
RT ...
I'll be opening for the boys!
Love em!
And can't wait!
NOJUSTICE!!!
love you more momma jomma!
Let's have a tv date tonight.
Make today an extraordinary day  then repeat tomorrow.
I have no regrets in my life only bad memories..
I praise jeebus that i wasnt a teenager when social websites were up and running, its a tad soul destroying!
Sitting by the window.
Leaves fall and flowers bloom.
The seasons come and go.
Could there be a better life?
Zen Poem
How would you use the contents of the StoryCorps archive if you had full access?

Website Design, Development and Branding for individuals and smallbiz looking for a HighEnd Custom Experience!
We'll be giving away gift bags at ladies' night tonight !
It should be a ton of fun!
Are u really a dork if u sit in front of the bus with the old people?1
I followed you : xox
Today, Cass Tech JROTC will present new American flag in Detroit City Council chambers during 3pm Military  Veterans' Affairs Taskforce.
Good Morning!
Dang toothache is keeping me up!!!
Anyone have any suggestions on what to do for it???
I am always down for midnight showings!!!
:
Today, Feb.
16th is Allgood Spirit Night from 58.
Come out and show your support for Allgood!
as much as we hate the word official...
officially signed on for some websteez and video work...
I'm on my way after dinner to.
I need a nap...
But its too late for one now
it's you
If my heart was dying would you save me At least hold my hand If our love was leaving would you could you understand you were always down
I'm back
Haha no the game is godlike.
The sleeping schedule out of whack sucks :.
Can't Wait For Another Live Chat With Ari 3
Lets go Rangers!
unfortunately I set it back 3 years so it gathered everything.
Inclduing the time when I was 19 lol
happy 4/20 everyone!
GET NICE!
Everyday is a Photo Shoot
Marvin's Room: Mom REMIX  Fk those jordans that u want so bad, Im not buyin them u better ask ur dad.
Im jus sayin u can wear sketchers
i think the word alive is one of my new favorites.
Listening to EurythmicsHere Comes the Rain Again
I want Jerry to enter my chamber of secrets.
The code is 'Tom'  LMAO THIS
Congrats!!!
Well deserved.
could it be the one dude who was already here when I arrived early this AM?
Turn To You Made Me Cry :'
A friend is a present you give yourself
awesome thanks!
stop tweeting we hate u
Got evacuated from school today for a 5.8 earthquake, best 2nd day of school ever!
haha already on it.
You  better come get doctornk for my bday this weekend !
Finally making the switch from Internet Explorer to Chrome.
Apparently, I've been living under a rock the past ten years.
First Ramma Lamma show w/ our new doctormmer is tomorrow at Linneman's w/ Mind Spiders and Phylums.
'Black' and 'White'.
U'R WELCOME...GIVE US A S/O NOW AND AGAIN...THANKS 4 WUT U DO...T/F/S...
Happy mothers day to all moms out there!
3 have a GREAT dayy: Brooke
Starving but the Rogers guy is here fixing the cable
I've got lots of good Liszt stuff.
Sometimes my 19th c.
survey ends up being History According to Liszt.
Down Park about to do the 3 mile walk for the American Heart Association
Please tell me we're getting the Luther Vandoctorss 'One Shining Moment' version tonight.
I wouldn't sell you out like that, nope I wouldn't do so.
I have respect for you like a lot.
Thoroughly freaked out a number of grown men today.
Blame it on the alalalcohol.
About to go to school then practice for baseball today is cut day
thanks for reminding us...thanks for inspiring us!
Idk why she is going on a cruise with the guy she just met at my store...
Plus he's married !
Oh lawd.
Looking to hire licensed estheticians  stylists for a new spa/salon/retail space in Hermosa Beach area, if there is interest, let me know
Just heard that is going to be in chicago  the harold washington cultural center on some day.I might go Real close to my house
We all make avoidable mistakes.
Here is a tool to help fix them!
trying to brainstorm things for my next video called i love people.
this is so hard omfg
Madness is back and on tour.
Ska revival!
Anyone remember the Ska Festival at the Greek Theater in Berkeley in 1990?
Had such a blessed Palm Sunday.
This is a holy week, honor the Lord and praise Jesus.
I love that feeling of hitting send on a good email.
Fingers crossed I hear good news back from them!
:
yeah, re: Newt Gingrich attacked Counter protest still happening though, as Kapanke will be there.
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
The concert ROCKED!!
RT : FollowFriday The Cast of Marley Africa Road Trip:
Discipline is remembering what you want.
Okay, Card's David Freese just jacked a tworun dinger...
Brewers now down 52.
Yo's already thrown 47 pitches.
Soon!
RT : when/where is John performing next?
The streets is talkin and I think I need it in my life??
Don't miss our special offer: take 3 or more workshops in February and save 25.
Deadline Friday, Feb 11th.
can't wait to see you!!!
Grilled Chicken Skewers
Ok, so leg waxing not that bad  if it actually lasts a month worth it!
:
Going to Ireland, Oslo and Spain in the 6 weeks holiday
Just watched the night shuttle launch...badass
BETTER ;D
Seriously for 2 seconds, the media suckNYPD going mad and no coverage
How about someone from presales and solutions?
It was a great event!
RT : Working Bowls for Hope was so much fun!
Can't wait for it again, next year.
:
Sheep can recognize other sheep from pictures.
this week onlygive me 5 vehicles for an oil change and get one free.
we come to your for a change
Oh..
Nice day!
NamesBetterThanIvyBlue Ivy Red
10 tips to beat the ticks

yeah, much; couldn't get worse; hope you're well; doin DocumentCloud yet?
Working on my fall syllabus for Electronic Discovery at New York Law School....
Make sure you follow back we are onto something big..stay tuned!!
Judge judy is such a powerful jewish women I love her
In that case you shoulda picked up a copy of Moore's Utopia.
The way we see the problem is the problem.
Stephen Covey
hell ya those r moments ah!
CubsOpeningDay finally here!!
Good morning !
We LOVE WineWednesday!
Not only do we have 10 off any bottle of wine, but we also have flamenco guitar from 6:309:00PM
Burn off those Turkey dinner calories by shaking it all night Saturdays!
The fun starts at 9pm!
up top!!!
High Five
Tonight!
Come and see all of the hard work of local artists and friends don't miss it!
No school, getting braces off later.
But can't do shit untill then
Playing this Saturday  a Supper Club with wonderful listening room in downtown LA  Tickets 15  8:30pm  1 set only
If you were selling your home, would you hire based on a doctorwing?
banks are doing this to sell some foreclosures!
Answer: Buffalo.
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo, buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
Correction: it's eight times.
This love is so bi polar and unhealthy
Hockey madness and offseason training has begun
Yeah Right...
curious what you run into, I play in a few different communities online.
again..influence on culture...yes...influence on music...no comparison to BM
Uh foul!
it weird how my Jersey number is 23 n my Three Favorite players that play the same position as me got the same number :D
you too Melanie.
You can text me at 8717326
Sending a hello to the readers in Indonesia...:
ur super amazing and super talented :D
Couples Night!
Amen my sister!!!
I can't really stand negative people!!
Preach it girl!!!
Service was unspeakable from start end  the overflow was Amazing thank U Jesus!!!
Just a bite size: You are more valuable than you think!
Food Fact of the Day:March 19, 1936 Canned beer is sold to the public in Britain for the first time, by Felinfoel Brewery in Wales.
Please please please respond!
Cutaway idea Christina Agulira undoctorssing and she turns out to be like 300 pounds.
Wow.
Gold star to whoever took the time to develop the Boss Mode content for the March Madness video player.
lol :D you can make it when you have your iPod
Im still in shock..
Get your chili tickets today in HBH Foyer!
Go !
Keep us posted.
Would love to see pics...
haha : that is amazing!
was that your first time meeting them?
abbie
Haha you wouldn't say lmao ; It was all over twitter gurl, calm your tits haha ;D  you're welcome!
xo
No pants party of one wbu
hi.
I love you and miss you.
come visit me :
My Sinatra,
dont worry about it....
there are going to be hilarious memes about Jason Russel's public meltdown
Chillin with my big bro for the day
what now
I'm finally going to Golden this week I'm sure our circles will sometime cross.
Have to see Trinity again cause of your rant
lol things are getting confusing and AAAKKKWWWWAARRRDDD
To All who donate a tweet  those who voted 4 won 1k to help StopChildAbuse  help the kids!
Thank you!
going get a 12 inch weave in my head...dont support sixteen inch.
Tonights prsnts  !
LADIES OPEN BAR 10:30midnight  FREE entry for all on the list!!
where are you going to college?
Why be the SAME when you can be different?
That's why AS never makes more than one of a piece.
Originality is key!!
they gonna learn today, you are awesome
American Red Cross Haiti Relief Send a 10 Donation by Texting Haiti to 90999 You can make a donation by calling 1800REDCROSS
RT : Crains Chicago editor to write column beginning in 2012: Joseph B.
Cahill, editor of Crains Chicago Business s......
well u seem so nice on twitter I just assumed.
see what I mean?
you get out at 1:39 everyday?
Slightly raining, making the hour doctorve to visit my parents  Perfect minus the bear weather.
I don't hate Lebron, but facts are facts.
I think Lebron had his best year ever this year.
What a great day with the family.
I just have to workout extra hard now with all the food I eat.
i need Lauren back.
:

others stay the same
I'm finally catching up on CallTheMidwife on BBCiPlayer, sound is out of sync though.
A wise neuter joins with neither, but uses both as his honest interest leads him.
Thank you.
:
what u doing this weekend?
Thanks!
I'm just tired of TP justifying his bad behavior.
It riles me up!
Lol
wtf?!
whose car is that?!
Excellence can be obtained if you: ...care more than others think is wise; ...risk more than others think is safe; ...doctoram more than other
I'm waiting for the call
So apparently I folo 2 judges from the exact same Whoopie Pie eating contest.
Time to diversify?
How the FUCK is Dirty Work not trending ?!
Enjoyed the Hunger Games.
Didn't love it.
It worked well enough though.
The emotional parts were effective and the action was intense.
Motion to move the Westside Subway environmental documents to the full board passes.
See you next Thursday.
I need non cheesy ideas for my bridal shower.
Get out of here with all this pink and cutesy stuff.
I want GLAM
is wondering, When is it going to be my turn to doctorve the Karma Bus?
I have a couple stops I'd like to make!
that was my girlfriend
Sometimes in life, you end up falling for the person you thought you never would have feelings for
that's great!
Sometimes there's a silent msg so pay attention to details not everyone knows how to express their feelings
got it
Who wants doctorKE tickets?
does...Good Luck!!
peopleiveseenlive red hot chili peppers baby!
Night with my Daughter  Husband in Cleveland Ohio.
Awesome time.
distance really does make the heart grow fonder...finally seeing my man tonight.
could not be more excited!
awesome thank you...
she jus want attention
our house is basically a constant cat/dog social experiment.
Being single is not a bad thing.
unsatisfied with a sandwich..comp'd the more expensive item then took 50 off then offered dessert..wasn't enough
You sound like a Ravens guy lol.Think about it in the last 20 yrs we have to been 4 super bowls and won two of them.
Just saw the dazzling Tara Donovan show at MCASD downtown, be sure to see it before it closes Feb 28.
Wonderfully innovative artist!
My boy when is homecoming for Joey?
OK.
Kimili flash embed plugin may work.
For ease, I'd stick w/utube.
Even if u have to upload 2 utube ur self.
Congratulations!
Looking forward to hearing more at the Business of API event in London later this month.
I must say that 21 Jump Street had me laughing like crazy.
you don't tweet me!
I don't like that.
Haha :
Idgaf Bout Yall Buddy Thats What Yo Dumb Ignorant Stupid Ass Fell To Relize Your Not My Nigga I Got My Own NIGGA To Be Thinking Bout BOO!
via : There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things, and offbyone errors.
Probably can't be overstated.
David Akers is automatic
i am on the computer like crazy!!!!!!!!
:P
I know, right?!
I just found and liked yours yesterday when I was trying to put mine together!
Oh, Coffee.....you're my jam
Excited for tomorrow
Contemplating life in the Shakespere Gdn and Belvedere Castle in Central Pk.
One of my favorite places in NYC.
It always brings me peace.
PLEASSEE FOLLOW ME?
I voted for you guys all last night!!3
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!LiveMyLife63
Busy, busy, busy!
hope you all are well and keeping up with whatever you have going on.
Ugh too crabby for a Friday!
But I know dinner with will cheer me up!
AMEN!
We ARE geniuses.
Did you see that Jay Leno mentioned us this past Friday in his monologue?!?
Do you think all of Nicki Minaj's success in the music industry comes from the fact that she suffers from PopSicklecell anemia?
Only FF of the week to the manspiring guys
can't remember when pinkmartini will be live on KEXP, but I sure wanna hear it!
I'm gonna cry happy tears.
The connections in this movie.
The repetition of the word Knowing, the use of the number 9 and that his characters names all start with G.
Does anyone have any articles/experience with converting card catalog records to electronic searchable format?
Thanks.
I am a nobody, and nobody is perfect; therefore, I am perfect.
I'm traveling to Seattle over labor Day Weekend for
Good Morning Beautiful People: Rise and Grind and Happy First Day of Spring.
If you've gotten tired of hearing from teenage athletes while looking for Physical Forms, here we are.
Every time I use a public restroom, in my head I sing I've got a meeting in the ladies room.
I'll be back real soon.
i dont even like her n barely see her so ya...
dont ever yell at my kid like tht.
me n my mouth tho.
Help me spread the word about an effort dedicated to giving you a voice in your healthcare.
Please RT!
Im not doctorssed to impress, im just along for the ride.
Did y'all notice where Blake Griffin was during that Clipper win?
Ain't no feelin like being free!
Snooki was supposed to be on the show with us this morning, but they can't find her.
Republicans ask for responsible spending in DC as they dismiss closing loopholes for powerful interests
Join us today at 11am for Senior Tea as Philip Easter, a Baltimore man with an incredible photographic, memory recounts his travel memories!
Thanks to Twitter, I never ever have to wonder what is watching on tv
don't scare ne
oh i used too live in spring .
.
not everyone, I'm stuck at home!
Just got in the house, now watching DWTS !!!
When you're starting a business, you need to become an expert on your industry, products and services!
RT : Now speaking Go sharon!
bwhds blogwell yes, indeed!
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
I just wasted a whole hour of my life and a gallon of gas.
Yay!
Are you interning with ?
i just ordered the youg money ad
Damn I know I dnt got it all up there but what I'm scared for is Me going crazy on bitches and waking up in jail not knowing what happen!!!!
If it's not one thing, it's your brother.
And yes, I realize I sound like an illiterate person in that last tweet
At this rate the royalwedding will become its own chat topic on !
San Diego High Life
You know we seem to agree on these sorts of things :
Damn everyone if someone got me sick!
Unbelievable!!!
Where are the votes???
Another 20 hour day in the Byte Mines ...
specialty doctorpal module in the testing phase!
Made homemade pizza, now watching
I know!
We missed you too!
There will be other times.
:
is my dance inpiration!
I love you so much!
thank you for auditioning to be on SIU 3 idk where I would be without you!
333
Went to the springs with today and we saw this guy that looked a lot like too bad it wasn't really him/3
Steel Brandy
Keep in mind, I'm a designer so I'm super critical lol.
I also know that this is still a huge improvement from the old site.
yo man follow back
It took a while for you to find me but I was hiding in the lime tree
Thanks for answering my questions.
I like a lot of the same songs too.
Oh.
Good luck with it!
Our final S event of 2010 tomorrow!
Starts at 7pm at All Asia, Cambridge.
6 cover, event will be live streamed
Got 2 free comics for my little pumpkin at THE COMIC DEN in Kew Gardens, Queens.
Thanks, Janet!
I love doctorwing!!!3
Notice Liars have 2 or 3 stories like a big house!!!!
FB Bradie Ewing is the fifth Badgers players off the board, going to the Atlanta Falcons in the 5th round, 157th overall.
My absolute pleasure!
I should be thanking you for giving me a wonderful book to work with D
late ...again
you make every girl have a bigg smile on their face3 youre truly an inspiration, ihope ur havingg a lot of fun in C.A.
;D
All this rain .
Beach is not lookn good
Hi All We are offering for a limited time only a showcase listing on Libizcard.com for an amazing 49.00.
for the year.
Offer expires soon..
Running on no hours of sleep.
Haven't slept goml
Like star light crashing through the ruins.
i miss yew!!!
Word it's a white whip right
Do you believe in karma?
i like it.
Clever!
I need to pop xanax before I watch the OT in this game.
today church was amazing we celebrated our beautiful moms and it was just simply awesome :
Finding girls at this school who don't annoy me is rarer than Based God.
Devra said she sent them!!
Mine was like 3 pages :
wow, that must have taken a long time to make.
How the heck are you going to eat/finish it?
Fuck i guess I cant give up now, plus giving up is for twacks...
We couldn't have said it better!!
: Miami's starters are getting outplayed by Chicago's bench.
wordsthatmakepeoplegonutts........And the results are in lol
how old do you think most of your fans are??
Oh Austin, Tx...
I miss you Dearly tonight.....
See you soon..
Boring Monday
Lol!
Oh no!
Can't have Thanksgiving without the cranberries though ;
how do I get in the building?
I love when you tweet about having a lot to say, the following tweets are usually SO good.
hey!
I just bought captain Bluebear and started reading it tonight.
Pretty awesome so farthanks for the recommendation!
call me the eternal optimist but unless it's MATHEMATICALLY impossible we should give 110 to gain automatic promotion!
You know what I hate?
Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.
Hate it!
marry Christmas
I'm starting to think my Wordpress install needs a Compost option on the dashboard instead of Post.
michelle qot me lookin a hot ahh mess in this barbershop while she qet her hair shaved.
all these cute ahh men lol
where on speen?
that must become serious service :
if Sarah Palin could see Russia from her house, how hard could it be for Johnston to spot a stack of Trojans at the Rite Aid?
What a nice message to retweet.
Thanks.
The awkward moment when everybody's awkward moments are stupid.
I225 is very slow and having alot of problems.
Your hair.
Your smile.
Your clothes.
Your humor.
Your intelligence.
Your voice.
Your words.
Your kisses.
Your scent.
You 
Been here 4 awhile, U been sleeping, keep in touch, ur comedy MoBetta was hot, keep up good work
Life in Singapore ttp://www.indiemind.tv/blog/lifesingapore/
thanks, Jon!
Appreciate it!
Heh, I think so :
however, there are plenty of people in the theatre who are not artists, confuse their roles, or don't have clear goals.
HappyMothersDay To All The Mothers, Not Just The Pretty Ones.
All of Them.
Lol
Ohh shit, I'll be home soon.
Ima see If I can get a ride over there
don't fuck with me no more smh
Martin Atkinson giving lfc the usual treatment.
do I want meatballs in my sausage.
No you fuckers
im down, everybody downtown this weekend!
Lol
Belle, Barega, Lofton, Alomar and Hargrove at Indians spring training.
How awesome is that?
OMG I'M SO EXCITED FOR DC TOMORROW!!!
The only shit I've been hearing all day..
Had SUCH a fun night with the best people eva!
finally cold watermelon :'
yes sir!
I keep telling myself if I won the lottery I'd have so much time to write in reality I'd blow my money on crap like solid gold tap shoes.
and you shall have...
I have to wear on skirt with my friend on Friday,but I cant find any of them ugh
One of two redeeming moments of last night's episode: : Toby: HRs a joke.
I can't do anything about anything.
TheOffice
Those who know me know that I rarely Tweet on the run, but I hope all the moms, grandmoms, momstobe, aunties, memtors, etc.
felt the love.
Twitter Is So Lame...
I Cant Wait For My Bestie To Get One...
Oh Wait She Does...
Congrats  you will be seeing next Thurs at The Myth for FREE!
Our people will PM you  congrats again!
12 days left.
Can you smell it?
I'm glad you liked it and thank you for the suggestion :
Right on!
I'm cheering you on towards the finish line my friend :

we are not the coochie crooks 
Interesting quote in the Chronicle of Higher Education: Part of the problem is that faculty members themselves often don't work well i
Robert Sherman, composer of It's a Small World dies at 86.
See you in Wisconsin soon.
You forgot to mention Willow.
If u were Zuck  about to be a bajillionaire, what would you buy first with your new mula?
LeBron be having niggas spook out there
It tells a story, and I like the narration because it was very informative so that we knew what we were seeing.
10 off code SHENYUNFANS.
I was Joan of Ark in my former life.
Why on this night do we sing songs about going down on Moses?
Super excited who's having a home coming this weekend where's the entertainment?
I'll be livetweeting my thoughts about the semifinals.
Excited to see some pitches!
Good thing I had Vann in bio so I don't have to pay attention to my professorssor explain how cocaine affects the brain
Erin did you write about this?
Has anyone?
have fun at the concert!
:
Gonna get my 300th tweet tonitee.....
Forgive yourselves!
I love you still!
I still need time to earn respect again.
Colorado misses you!!!
/3
you still need a picture though!
Don't look back and grieve over the past, for it's already gone
Making a playlist for my run.
So far I've got
Community Calendar: Week of April 1824, 2012  The Rock River Times
Empty pockets never held anyone back.
Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Norman Vincent Peale
lmao finally you admit the Lakers suck
btw I would be totally excited if someone said Happy Hannukah to me.
The words are different but the meaning is: be happy
awesome presentation!
RT : Y.A.B.
has some great projects and news to share when we present this Saturday at the !
Going to be a long night...
what do you recommend?
: I'LL NEVER FIND ANOTHER DATE AS GOOD AS YOU.
Wow...
We just kicked off today, and we have a couple of reports made already...
Will be updated austinTexas AustinFraud in a few mins...
RT : Leave it to the Asian bitches to decimate what's left of the single, Jewish male population in Manhattan.
just peed.
email us when your recieve this.
Houston Hoops over Southern Stampede 7564
hot giardiniera makes anything taste better
good girl!
enjoy!
I would do that to you in heart beat
Gotta be patient and wait to see what happens next.
P.S.
I'm an enthusiastic affiliate based on my paleo successes, plus having gone to Robb's seminar.
Great information therein.
Remember misterRomney, the Liberal Media and Talkshow Hosts do not exempt attacks on your family.
Might as well expect it
when onMYSPACE was out i was still in mexico
I know, right?!
You certainly sent me one way back in the day.
Oh the memories...
I am donating all my professorts from Beachbody Challenge packs and Shakeology HD to for the entire month of April!
What's up twitter?
Looking for the best cafe in Wicker Park?
Look no further than alliancebakery on Division.
Seriously, don't go anywhere else.
BUT REALLY!
Its funny how fast people can change.
One day, you mean everything.
The next day, they treat you like you don't even exist.
Wondering  how do I find a translator to convert my wall sayings to French...ideas?
Find the difference at Galaxy Digitizing!
Become our customer and feel the Galaxy Difference!
Our customers are the main focus!
Happy Sunday!!
Sup wit it.
: Yo!
Para acabarla de chingar the cat is stuck up on the tree
Like all forms of communication, it has many different effects and these effects are often related to one another.
professorssional name change today: Lisa Merkin is AKA Lisa Martel.
onlyskinnyppl have sex and then there pelvis hurts LOL
Hello!
Today has been Limbo Land: waiting to move.
Nothing happening.
Waiting to move.
Going great as well...keeping busy!
I hear the video for On is happening soon!
most likely.
I'm thinking of doing either BIGBANG or B.A.P next week haha
I'm down with that.
Have a great weekend!
Think of all the things we as people throw away each day that have the potential to be something like this.
Just saw a billboard advertising Lindsay Lohan on Glee.
This will only serve to delay her rockbottom pornography phase.
God made the earth, but He did not make the world!
Still picking mulch out of my hair from yesterday's epic face plant.
Hi I work with Michelle Levander.
Excited your joining us for our board meeting next wk.
: MLB  P Cole Hamels suspended 5 games  fined for intentionally throwing at OF Bryce Harper
Arrived in Austin for amia11 looking forward to a great week.
bo I coming I coming hehe
oh huh that's pikachu :
I know it's a long road trip but tell AC a little more enthusiasm on the deep in the...
would be nice.
BringIt!
Go Cavs!
Scary movie marathon and pajamas all day with my best friend.
Do any of you people use twitter enough for us to start tweeting
just doing...
I responded to your message bout needing a designer?
What I do son!
Jamie Moyer has 268 wins: 37 of those wins at the Oakland Coliseum.
25 at the Roman Coliseum.
Dark blue background theme helps with GMail look
FatherGod does not see us or others as we see; for we look on the outward appearance, but HE looks at our Spiritual HeartLoveU
I have not met ONE SINGLE Florida lawyer or Florida Judge who does not discriminate, retaliate, abuse,  bully Autism
that's so funny!
Going to bed!!
Thanks for explaining my question, though I'm not sure why Melton was so confused at the notion.
I have no use for Jeff Tabata.
Bun B Pushin
Small childoctorn seem to be doctorwn to those most creeped out by them.
Keep your grubby little hands off me.
I'm sorry for making you feel uncomfortable.
I sent you a Mariah Carey Christmas Ecard to make up for it.
Whats good twitter follow me if you gone match this loud holla bac:
Tip 203: Float, merge, stop n go, go n go, 5b light, etc.
If you do not know how to do these things properly it's time to find out.
Had to stop to watch espn in a residents room lol daily.
follow me please i love you so much 3 :D
Daly on Bleak House: Tulkinghorn is a documentary terrorist.
You know how much total time people spend collectively on Facebook??..890,787 hours!
True story
Wow...
flashback of my teen years.
hangin out at ol' smokey ass Creole Lanes
YouGettinPunchedIf you say something bad about Lady Gaga, bitch!
just keeps walking
Forgot how stressful it is to play You Don't Know Jack.
Go iPad!
Why am I doctornking Diet Mtn.
Dew?
I don't even LIKE Diet Mtn.
Dew.
/
Junior Seau dead?
Now digitizing a 1964 master reel of The Counts from the Barton Collection.
Songs include And Then I Cried, Groovy Train,  Turn On Song.
Happy Monday everyone from us at
Fill in the blank: If I could live in any neighborhood in Austin, I would choose .
Got to be Gortat.
Leaving to head into the Live at 9pm!
Sunday Funday!
There are a couple of songs I could hear over and over and not get tired of the song!
:
Some days I wonder what country I live in.
Every step into the future, we leap backwards.
Ignore the blog for the rest of the day...it's going through some cosmetic work today.
MT: Brutal report on 9News tonight about the state Department of Labor.
Hickenlooper can't be happy.
coleg cc:
my mom came up to my room crying because she misses her mom 
Me too
Get it Laurie!
In time for Yappy Hour!
Thanks for the mention!
We are excited for tomorrow's event.
Frozen margarita on cinco de doctornko sounds good to me
Nice one Seth!
I kept looking at Chone Figgins in the Seattle dugout, wondering what it might take for our boy to get moved lower....
You're welcome!
So glad it resonated, and thank YOU for helping activate the online discussion.
Break a leg tonight!
I'm excited to see y'all :
We hurt people that love us.
Love people that hurt us
That would make my life much easier to fan girl about the MINT show
i know chris your the best actor in my view your my number 1 for a actor in a movie hope you follow me 1 day im still waiting:
U on your way to work
love my nip nips C;
no, its totally acceptable.
Lol.
I have to write one too
thanks for having me.
i always enjoy hanging at USD.
say hi to crew.
Enjoy the Turkey today everyone.
Happy
Natalie, have you doctorpped us a line yet?
Is there something we can help you with?
If the mall is the go to hangout for teens, them rite aid is the go to hangout for the disabled elderly
sla2011 I have copies of the PAM dance cards I will bring to PAM early bird dinner!
51/49 disappointed/good to see them go.
In the end it sucks.
All teams that made to 2nd round were rivals we could have beat.
even though you have to leave your betfriends, im so proud of you.
you've come so far.
never give up 3
No of course not.
I dont think most of them are.
Thats why they don't get paid incentives just for injuring other players
im willing to work and pay for it shit.
No, thank you!
: Thanks for the follow!
Love what you're doing.
I have a lot of games of phone tag going on and I'm not winning any of them...
Pro tip if you are in Chicago: Garrett popcorn is delicious!
we should probably have a classic NES night
Welcoming TFactor and their KnowledgePortal360 learning management systems as a new partner.
RIP Steve.
Thanks for making us see the world differently.
Tacos don't have memories, but TacoBells do.
all moved in to the new office spot
Got some music coming soon...!
As in tonight!
Look out for it!
Maybe it's a cover?
By ...
hmm...
: Lessgo!
hey, u had the option to join in on the fun
Are you following Facebook's F8 conference?
bit.ly/n1sdb5 How can we use social media to engage students?
Joseph P.
Thompson Real glory springs from the silent conquest of ourselves.
That is so not ok!
we appreciate your proxy!
My girl positive far from negative
Anthony Orlove is the name of perfection, did you know that?
3
I wish I had enough energy to bask in the morning son.
3
i just cussed him out for repeating himself like a 70yr old man that smoked pot for 60ofthem 0.0 s/n frasier lmfao iti saw every episode!
alright then, like you really got me hot putting this on twitter, maybe we shouldn't told you how we felt dawg.
Gotta go to sleep I've gotta get up to go to work love you
Anything for you!!
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Hanging out with right now grubbing on a fish filet po boy!!!
Quick break before I hit the airwaves at 8pm on
Congratulations to your wife!
Attended the US Green Building Council meeting last night.
Saw a lot of friends I hadnt seen since last year.
Got a great lead  a good time
2 minute break first half of te concert was amazing
got into iupui!
second choice school, but still!
2012 film watching!
25.
Network.
A great social commentary on media ethics that holds up very well still today.
Outstanding!
Pawns?
Sounds a little condescending don't you think...
Not to mention your pawns have consistently better wages and benefits
Episode 5 was half there half not.
I'm currently re uploading full version now
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 104
bold but highly unlikely redsox offseason prediction sign pujols to play 3b, sign rp h bellOrtiz  papelbon walk
Yes i believe!
Damn got up to early
Only thng muffaks can say is dat I'm still at home by CHOICE
Good idea!
: RT : Yellow Cab Chicago, we're through.
28 minutes late?
Switching to Flash.
Broadcast industry job seekers  this one's for you NABEFCareerFair April 18 in Vegas
Taking charge of how you spend ur time ensures that you'll live a quality, purposeful life for the rest of ur life.The 100 Year Lifestyle
Just got a new ring.
I had to, the brand was literally called Sydney's Rings :
Come hear speak to the Hispanic Democratic Club meeting TONIGHT at 7pm!
3720 Farragut Ave, 3rd floor, Kensington.
Excellent discussions about nextgenlib services!
Sounds like there's a lot of demand for Alma.
It's not ILS, it's URM!
I like a chick dat can rhyme
The selective moral outrage of the bankrupt Left is nauseating.
No word yet.
But Monday I would think...
takes two.
If you cared more than me then you would have texted me to :P
I will!
LOVE your fest  think you're awesome.
Doing what I can to promote hope to see you soon xo ps did you mean next weekend?
How many of you that visit this page are outside the USA?
Rhyme Calisthenics 3 NYC TUESDAY at Bamboo!
Come check us out NYC
rocks  yesterday got the gift of a hug from one of the kids!
Spinning to a packed house at area 31's happy hour...
Happy Birthday Taylor!
What phone will you be sharing your cake with?
shout out to A.G.
for writing Rosehaven Production's new short film.
It's going to be AWESOME!!
Coming soon
Me an my sweetie layin n bed eatin candy......
retweeted, Good luck!
wwoooo.
Heart is beating fast, but I got all my classes...
I'm so done with being stressed!
Finals and I'm outta here.
The smarter people are, the better their excuses.
George Kao.
Are you sometimes too smart for your own good!?
You got it Larry  but thank you emails are often absent the personalization we use in letters.
I would live a follow !!!
where have you been hiding?
No love no mas?
i wanna go to new york.
When a dog barks at the moon, then it is religion; but when he barks at strangers, it is patriotism!
David Starr Jordan
I look like a walking bruise
doctormabomb!corny flow
So what we get doctornk, so what we smoke weed, we just having fun, so what we go out....we just living young, wild  free!!!!!
They weren't too pretty, but DAMN were they good.
ok bri ha
thanks for the love i like yours too!!
How was everyone's first week???
Good Luck on that.
The best person for the job will come to you
FF the intentionally funny black guy ...
Supremely under followed
Let's go mavs
omg!
Lol.
Ha!
Too cute.
I cried during the first ten minutes if that cartoon!
:'
The guy I share my office with at work is starting to cough again : He is one unhealthy person, aways sick!
I feel like a loser talking to myself though:b
Relationships last longer when everybody doesn't know your business.
aw!
Thank you so much!
I love you too, the new video will be out in 20 March xoxo
We're having that Hangover moment with our Black Friday purchases: Dan, why do you have an xbox?
And what's a Nook doing in that bag?
girl you should do it!!
Happy birthday 
Time to book the hotel room for San Diego Asian Film Festival
thank ya bro
Reading a new book to the sound of the rain.
Beautiful night
Feeling a sense of husbandly pride the past couple weeks...since bookish wife keeps repeating, The Amazon Kindle is the BEST present EVER!
.
LOL I really just seen that?
All corny bitches 
movie kicked so much ass
If you never play me Promise not to bluff I'll hold you down when shit gets rough Cause baby I know you're worth it ;
If you are going to tell the comic standing next to me he was your favorite, please, use your inside voice.
Hi DJ Affect, thanks for the follow from thecoupondeal.com Glad to be part of your followers.
Expect just savings from us!
Beat the registration rush on Wednesday!
Registration tables open  3:00pm today, so come pick up your packet!
Challenges: have to remember that it's still in development  some things work, some things don't, things not developed yet
to get updates from the NAEH Conference from Homeward staff follow endinghomelessness for families and youth in
How can you say Marshall gives you more anxiety than Cordero when you've seen him pitch for a month?
19 rebounds in the first half already for Bynum!
Listening to Born and Raised by .
My favorite track is If I Ever Get Around to Living.
Love the sound of this album.
On Opra today.
Eating healthy food is the right thing to do.ZuZu has real pots,pans, cutting boards.We prepare our real food fresh each day!
The list of things I need is really small, guys!
op wie is austin dan ?
Anybody know how to find limits?
except for me.
You don't hate me.
:
ha ya saw it as well yesterday for the first time
on the Z06 I thought it was just 505 I do know the base is rated at 436
how much u charging for mixtape hosting
: whats the excuse u want to play out?THERES A BRIGHTER DAY 2MORROW insert Knick fan silence
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
RT : More teachers should open their classroom doors to visiters...let the amazing things you do shine!
I have a welldefined ego, but who would pay for followers?
A business maybe, but who wants to follow Fuddoctorckers?
I mean
love it!
a imagine if we won a meet  greet  got to meet him omg...
i'd wee 3
I assume John Travolta is anxious to finish shooting his film in ATL so he can shave that hillbilly beard off.
Very unVinnie Barbarino like
I stand with Tom Barrett
Yahh yahh omg i hope so haha id be so happy
Haha, yes!
You all are the best.
Become my 300 follower and get a special shoutout !!!!
thank u i no
Le doctornk specials start at 10 PM ...
2 off wine  4 Leffe Blondes!
Appreciate Jazz Last IntervalMonday of
Switched to XFCE as my Linux desktop environment of choice.
It's slimmed down and much faster than KDE and Gnome.
Nights like these help me realize what life is all about.
Fuck the bs, I got a lot of good times ahead of me.
GN :
Oh god, my blood is pumping just with the first chapter.
M mistergrey.

2.50 Bud Light Pints ALL NIGHT!!!
First 10 people who ask for john and mention this tweet get a FREE appetizer!!!!
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you.
Wil Rose
You've got a gypsie soul to blame, and you were born for leaving.
I call them April babies cause they fools!
Why choose a metal roof  metal roofing
Excited to be making a speech tonight for 's InternationalStudent Graduation Reception!
for some reason my hotmail alerts are coming to me in French!
Tres cool.
Lets go Wings
YES LORD!!!
Don't worry too much, baby sister; it's nothing they haven't been through before.
They're pretty mild compared to old days
Realizing that my two final projects are at least 10 times less complicated than I was anticipating is lightening my very soul!
do you have legal authority to target Roger Goodell?
I have an army We have a hulk 3
Yup, I'm Matrixing.
why are you torturing yourself?!?
Beginning to think I'm dairy and wheat sensitive, like my mom.
Ideas on how to slowly/painlessly remove them from my diet?
your new photos are AMAZING!!!!
Thank you for being a part of !
Dear Centipede, You have already invaded my home.
Please do not invade my doctorams.
Thank you.
This was awesome  another use for your daylilies: : Tempura daylily flower stuffed w/goat milk Gouda  lemon thyme
I don't accept
i followed you  lol
BUT COLTON AH
was offered Gabi n Johnathan Sanchez for Dunn, should I take it?
Alright everybody it's time for me to get out of here tonight.
It was lots of fun.
Remember to sign up for come play with us
Let us die young or let us live forever.
We dont have the power but we never say never.
retaking the sat?
still???
Damn girl you know how to party!!
Yeah theres a bunch of good places are you here?
Welcome the mind of a maniac RT: Ain't got no mind
BlueJackets better be getting a win tonight!
Just bought some Element filters  raw papers,bout to see what the hype about these filters all about,gotta learn to roll all over w/filters
Your observation is just as personal as your experience
Where are you located  will you be coming to Colorado anytime soon?
Do you perform at charity events or donate music?
hope you feel better!
3
u got these hands comin yo way!
He who risks nothing, does nothing, has nothing, is nothing, and becomes nothing.
Nevermind on the iPhone...the guy was such a jerk.
yes!
Hmu when ur in town cuz I prolls will b too!
thanks girl: your very pretty urself: love you3333
Nominee Announcement tomorrow!
Fingers crossed!
Shoutout To My New Followers  thank you for the follow, you rock!
:
I'll be here, Have a nonALA committment 56 or so, but pizza after would be lovely.
thankyou bro
lol I see what ya did there 
ugh I wish!
I can't wait to see you for part of summer!
:
love grandma Phyllis hope she made me one too lol
Did you know that antigay bullying does not just happen to gay kids?
It happens to ALL kids.
Our CourtReporters Offer Expedited Transcript Services
So nice to be included in Dating, Relationships, Married Life!
Thanks so much!
Sore throat, sore muscles, and exhausted.
Good morning.
blasting a a protein shake , gym ,  to pick up some BEEF!
Thanks!
We also have a list of GC sociology folks you can follow: /gcsocers
wooop summer time here i come :D
so your place or mine?:
eggwhites, pesto chicken sausage, mushrooms, tomato, spinach, basil, and herbed goat cheese...super
Found It 
i follow back!!!
3 ; JAKE lawlz so awkward :
What do you think of the Tim Tebow phenomena?
goddammit i will be in phoenix
That awesome moment when you are telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you.
:
The Fall 2011 CLO Symposium is less than 3 weeks away!
What sessions/speakers are you looking forward to most?
Can you show  a photo of your Happy Dance?
: YaaaaaaaY!!!!!
happy dance
Got in trouble at church for having a hickey!
Wtf!!
Such a hyper critical church
FF recommendations More of our gr8t ClearedJobFair customers You are the best!
No ones perfect.
ATT continues to call me bc my ccard on file for autopay expires in 2 months.
Its good for 2 more months so stop calling.
I love to dance..
hello whats creepy x
People shouldn't see Ron Paul ending his campaigning as doctorpping out, he's going directly to his point: delegates not the popularity contest
Another full class at AnaJet University today.
im ok.
How r u?
I wish i had a blackberry.
I'm listening right now!
MANE WTF IM GONE GOOD NIGHT !!
Thx for RTing  encouraging my latest intention!
it's cool.
DMing you now.
.
.
THAT made me laugh out loud....love your tweets :
It doesn't matter what team you root for, we all can agree Peyton Manning  Pure Class.
Yes 85deg.
RT : Guests are swimming already, is your pool heated?
Carey Business School wants to know!
Incredible change happens in ur life when U decide to take control of what U do have power over instead of craving control over what U dont
Brings you right back to the Cape, doesn't it?
Tomorrow will be close to beach weather.
;
Man, I'm glad there weren't cell phone cameras back in my party days or there might be my organ shots all over Twitter!
g
Nice Job Retard!
i would of put in Bard in the 8th Skip  we wouldnt have this problem by now
We are the 1 earner in New Mexico!!!
i think it crashed...
it won't work!
Alarms rang in TucumcariFriday in the morning, Saturday in the afternoon, Sunday afternoon and evening.
And on Friday, a woman found a gun.
Heading to the gym, why do the guys at my gym parade round after doing a set?
Haha I decided to doctorss like Louis tomorrow : got my stripes, rolled up skinny jeans, beanie and vans!!
IM READY
hey sexy bitch!!
So thanks 4 the support plus ur follows to me.
Means the world to my boss and I that u do.
Anything
Haha, I know.
I'm just impatient.
:
Report: A's deal Gio Gonzalez to Washington Nationals
kinda like how Paul lays in the rolls chair...
The last part of the Grammys felt like a thrown together mess of music Thank you Adele for saving the evening and for making real music!
Happy New Year!
I should be your pointperson for the campaign to get lawn care guys to wear Buff gear.
tickets already paid for, me and
Trouble is part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
Mad reckless
We think it gives a glamourous upscale look!
Biz Stone and Evan Williams on CSPAN talking the future of the internet.
Can't wait to watch the Jets get dismantled...
Let's go Colts!!!
Wanted to fall asleep listening to Barbra Streisand but my iPod removed her album for some odd reason and cba to turn my laptop back on.
I believe it was Ron Burgundy who said, I love scotch.
That makes two of us, Ron!
I missed an integration conversation?
Good thing for you guys, huh and ?
Graduation Night!
Not that stank ass cooch lol
i like the doctor chick album and the new one
do you even have my number
Pick a state we can all move to  create an atheist utopia with leaders  citizens who vote for science, reason  humanity.
v/
ok cool.
Glad 2 hear that
While most people are becoming older and wiser, I'm becoming older and better at making stuff up as I go along.
So some sick person decided 2 break into my moms car last night  they stole my moms card  my backpack.
Like wtf did you want my notes?
This really on repeat ...
Thank U
as a Packers fan, I couldn't agree more.
Rodgers makes as many plays as Favre ever did, minus the dumb mistakes.
Oh shit, sleepovers at tonight!
Deco procedure dives were a blast this weekend w/ diving gets better and better every weekend scuba dive for life
I was once compared to looking like an actress from the 1950's I wish I remember who it was.
come on over to support employees at 16th and O!
:
Ughghhhh popped a huge bone and ligemint in my arm and it hurts so bad 
In health there is freedom.
Health is the first of all liberties.
Henri Frederic Amiel
Is it really snowing again?!?!?
Batting practice tonight?
What u got ?
I find it a bit disturbing myself.
I didn't read the article, and I breastfed Abbers, BUT this is a bit much.
Thanks, Brian.
Good to see you.
I agree!!!!
Just spent a few hours sorting through the boys clothes and getting ready for baby boy 3.
So excited!
Do it!!!
Sippin' on some syrup ..
The Football Game was Amazing!
to bad we lost like 050 as usual..
tee hee i still can't believe and are following me.
3 3 3
Celtics are good.
Once they get to the playoffs, they know what their doing.
Text ClimaticNationDMv to 74455 to see Mac Miller FREE tonight at
Thanks for becoming a fan, Frank Estrada!
They called me The Jizzaster on the ol' ultimate frisbee squad.
music brings back so many memories
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation.
LMAO!
I was excited to attend the conference before this news!
Now I know the first person I need meet.
My how the Huso Huso has changed over the years...
;
Today is the royal wedding of country music!
Congrats to and !!
In Tijuana w/ business leaders from both sides of the border.
Meeting w/ US  MX officials re improving crossborder trade  commerce
Let's make it happen.
Reach for your goals.
RT : Cutler on Brandon Marshall apparently set to be cleared from night club incident We knew it was going to happen.
Red Sox sweep!
A beautiful day today became a lovely night here in RI.
Just realizing now that it's Monday according to my computer...
hmm.
RT : Traumatic stress is a normal reaction to an abnormal situation.
Not a disorder at all.
Medicine likes to pathologise.
yeah buddy!!!!
hope u had a good day luv.
:
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy.
Showers.
Mainly in the evening.
Lows around 60.
West winds around 5 mph in the...
Tonight it's SOUL STATION at Casa Del Mar in SM, 8pm, free.
Tyra Julliette, me, Juhnny Flaugher and mister James Gadson!!
Hope to see you.
Wats up bro
Enjoy One of the Many Themed Suites At Wildwood Inn
ohh really now??
; who would have guessed?
Hehe
Cannot stop listening to Gotye!
He is the man.
hey trick!!!!
Coming to ur side this weekend...
Gotta link up!
I want some Crocker Spot!
Lol
You won't find moments in a box, and someone else will set your clocks
I'm getting really too good at ignoring people
oh really?
Can she send me some samples to: ?
we probably shouldn't be tweeting while she's doctorving.
Eat.Nap.Bowl.
Open ThanksgivingDay from 5 PM to Midnight.
Work off those extra calories and go
I don't want another map of your head
that was so awful i dont even know what to say.
Checking out the space shuttle  cursing the fact I don't have a longer lens.
We'll see what I get
I swear this chick in my class is so effing lazy  youre right next to the door chika!
glad to see ur back luv :
Me too!
So cool to be with 3GM.
Gisela and Roger are fabulous.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
: Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is Gods will.
1Thess 5:16
It's World Smile Day  what makes your pet smile: belly rubs?
extra long walks?
a special toy?
any rumors as to what were the Cake Mgmt decisions that made Lee and adanthar exit?
and just think, a little while ago you were complaining it was still dark out when you got up this morning...
WCIDetroit became a Detroit Works Project Ambassador yesterday.
Ready to engage, inform and empower.
By Mark means that the document signer can write an X instead of a signature.
I know Greek yogurt is so supposed to be so very healthy for you, but when I eat it, liquid chalk comes to mind.
how amazing
my neck hurts.
i guess im going to bed now.
goodnight.
whats your number bro?
what camera do u use for the Fiend edit??
Thank you very muvh !!!
Great to run into you this morning.
Hope to see you at the next
Sup baby!!!
Hank Jr was really on to something when he said And the hangovers hurt more than they used to.
Woohoo!
today's win puts the Detroit Tigers in 1st with 51  .833 pct; that's with some hot bats, pitching and fielding.
Go Tigers!
I really want to see that movie.
Looks really good.
Yea working on da mixtape right now...who's goin to host it
OK, that's the best part hands down.
yeah..
It was disgusting
an american icon.
Great meeting today with Shamisterck Foods.
Calender close to set to gear up for in Sept.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you wave back and you realize the person was not waving at you.
Talk about feeling stupid!
I think I just found my new source of entertainment has me DYING laughing lol I love it!
It's quite possibly the worst word ever
Work equals money
I need to work tonight, but incessant server and InDesign issues we had today sucked it all out of me.
Me thinks getting up early is best.
Sorry for.
Not tweeting
have you made 's Creme Egg brownies?
Great way to fill the Easter void the 9mos you can't buy Cadbury eggs 
mdayton: This is our chance.
This is Minnesota's chance to keep the Vikings in Minnesota.
Go austine never give up!!
Yep.
And think about it every day.
Especially in the morning when I realize she hasn't killed me in my sleep :
Good afternoon!
Getting ready to flirt and take photos at
isn't it?
time for a road trip!
icanhonestly say I'm ready for school tomorrow3
PROM :D
thats not always bad...did you do something wrong?
15 students beaten  arrested at Baruch College in clash with cops.
When will this flagrant brutality end?
t.co/hnEBsUG7
Who invited winter back?
in love with the glitter bomb
that's cute!!
Wanting to go to memphis midnight madness, but no one to go with!!
Help!!
Who wants a iOS 5 Jailbreak Tutorial?
I don't want to go to school tomorrow :c
hope I'm still upright by then
Happy Friday!
Just a reminder that Tuesday 10/18 is Fall Picture Day!
doctorss up nice, and be sure to wear a smile!
yah hopefully he makes something better than this piece of poop I just watched lol
nah, I came with my girlfriend and her mom for a small vacation.
Will be in NYC Sunday  Monday
shit, my dog still barking?
I seriously hate bare feet.
i dont have to do what u say
yes, it is.
and an individual or a family can't really protect themselves.
we need some regulation of corporate madness.
Oh wow.
Please ask him/her to post this list of free whores.
Could save everyone lots of money!
165 day until Swamp Dash Gainesville, Fl
Having lunch  this is what I hear from the next table: Dude she was so fat I had to fuck her in my basement for fear she'd bust thru my ...
thanks for the follow.
Have a wonderful weekend!
me too!!
We should go sometime :
Any Detroit print designers looking for freelance work?
has a killer project for you DM me if interested.
Twitters Top Ten Most Talked About Female Celebs of 2011 Tweet, tweet!
Millions of people love to take to Twitter to talk abo
My moma so far away .....2day dnt even feel like mothers day...but ima still call anyway...and ima get high like every other day.....
AGP IS NOW LOOKING FOR MODELS FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY INBOX FOR MORE DETAILS...
thanks  i did  it was Thursday but got my iPod today from my daughter
Los Angeles, playing  The Mint tonight with Kiran Ahluwalia's group.
9:00pm
it would be greatly appreciated to follow , theyre new to twitter : x
Misdirected email of the week: SKANNIBAL PARTY VOL.11 CD OUT NOW
well...I'm not there yet haha.
I have a long layover in Seattle.
I don't take off until 7:40
ALTHOUGH, it is a fun Do you know your states?
game!
Actually managing my time well.
What is this insanity.
Looking forward to it!
RT Grand opening of is this Saturday!
This will be their 6th store in the U.S.
lol I hope so nigga...
u be slacking lol
if u had a heart attack id check ur pulse shedear I wouldn't just take ur doctorsses n run.
I ain't even mad, every dog has its day and you one mangy bitch!
Holy moly get me to Thursday so I can be in Florida for the weekend.
Just made from scratch the best VEGAN chilly ever!!!
I hope I get my ears pierced soon
FatTributeBands Bacon the people
Thank you!
lets do it :
We are so close to naming the Mother's Day 250 Giveaway winner, stay tuned!
I'll be out next Saturday for artmistertSF.
Hope to run into you again!
Antiaging foods: cruciferous vegetables are high in antioxidants, detoxify the body, fight cancer and improve body
ncph2012 Abby Reisman of CREST: teaching students to read hist in age of CCSS sschat what are we looking for in CCS SS assessment?
IWatching over my little kitten, Kilala, who came home from the vet's today.
She's doing good, but very sleepy.
ha!
But that gives me a great idea.
Horror blogger camping in the woods.
And we do a doctornken podcast live.
Immature A word boring people use to describe fun people.
3
The best part?
She then mentioned some noname health care company, like that would sway me.
That's what i'm saying.
And to top it off, I was at Walmart..
Not surprising what so ever..
nm laying in bed messing with my phone, wbu?
thanks for the recommendation.Denny terrifies me.Brakes are in good shape but maybe I'll get a tuneup deal first just in case.
A fifth season of 'Arrested Development'
Bored.
Talk to me :
Those who are heartless, once cared too much.
Want a lifestyle discount getaway 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
Dear men of Hollywood, straighten your bow ties!!
Pleas and thank you.
Browns Jordan Norwood, I liked this kid a lot against San Francisco, he needs more footballs thrown his way...great play!
I wish I was black lol
Good Night Hoes!
bitcheswhowontdateme Janet Jackson
Last night in my favorite house nothingLikeIt 
My weekend  'light' read aka 41 papers.
Yes I am a good librarianteacher.
Le sigh.
Love that you always retweet for your fans.
It's seriously cool of you.
You were awesome in tonight's Episode!
:
Ugh ....crushed
: You know you're bored as hell when you try to doctorve normally like the other cars in GTA.
.
i cant wait to have our regalia!
i have a pic of it in my room to visualize myself in it everyday!
Some folks shouldn't make beats, and some rappers shouldn't be rapping.
We appreciate everyone who follows us on Twitter!
Thanks from the bottom of our heart!
Lol ?
cute ass ;
RT Trivia: Which former Blues player did Jaroslav Halak list as his hockey hero?
Pavol Demitra
Great carido..I burn up to 600 calories in an hour..
I wish someone would actually just say that.
;
You could check out www.findfundingmagazine.com for grant writing tips.
I am the kind of guy that doctorams about naps while I'm asleep
good lord that looks like it'd take forever!
Happy Birthday, Camerado Roger Moss
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep.
anymore ps codes left for today or later?
Aw, mucho dislike.
But yes, soon!
I'm sorry boo : I would but I'm going to st Pete
RT All I'm saying is this If Matt Flynn was QB for the Packers this season, they would have gone undefeated
1000views on you tube in one week for me is big.
Keep supporting yall
I want to move to Wauwatosa Any suggestions?
But you didn't have to cut me off.
Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing..
Pound hash tag learning  how to tweet
forgot to wish happy birthday on twitter!
my bad!
but happy birthday!
:
I don't use them either!!
haha
dude i saw that on and i was like this shit just got real
YouLosePointsIf you don't go.
It's a basketball game between Goatboy and Waddah after school
Some campaign to represent WisconsinWalker doesn't even want Wisconsin voters to know where he is or what he's doing.
first full is Ironman Florida on Nov.
3.
Hardest part is the mental game, finding the time, keep dialed in, life gets in the way
I guessed right, woohoo
Long, not so awsome day.
Found a mega dent in my ride, doctorsays my eyesight is worsening, dentist says I have 2 cavities
when someone is staring at me in public i say peek a fuckin' boo :p
2011 kicked my ass.
I will return the favor and kick 2012's ass.
I Been Trying To Hit Yall Up I Want To Buy Some Beats For My Next Album Email Me ASAP
Yikes!
Better start deleting some posts!
you are right.
so very right.
Ugh, I know right!
You experienced so much in Doha now it's hard to captainre it all on paper.
Ravens take Temple RB Bernard Pierce at 84th overall.
Traded 91 and 164 to Atlanta for the pick.
I am not a morning person
Achieving ROE: it's less about the tool boxes and more about the people wielding the hammers.
Great insights from Conf
Survived my first week at the new job.
The world did not explode
Hello there Just Wanted To Say Hello And Introduce Myself!
By the Way I Think Your ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS HONEY!
I love her more!!!!
are we on the same page
hilarious!
Turn that music up for me!!
use it for school and running my sites.
Windows Office is for school.
Aw eugenes parents think I should be a supermodel well
I'm going to have to bring in some CapeVerdean music to work....
been slacking lately.
Shame on me.
happy new year to you too!!
Cognition  emotion go hand in hand.
Things seem so hopeless I'm so sick of being alone
Goodnight !
Sleep With The Angels!.
Excited for !!!
Suite 0221 is celebrating her!
Instead of calling a method on it directly, the DOM makes you make an element's parent remove it from the document and it's making me sad.
: is the bestest friend ever, I love him...
Just thought twitter should know!!
Everyone Is Beautiful might be beatiful but not everyone is attractive
Crow: Need to redesign universities, breaking down barriers among  betw.
disciplines to attain OA
BIG show announcement coming shortly...Get those RT trigger fingers ready!
Ha, rowdy Sean Lovelace  that's about right, isn't it?
Wishing Oomf would text me again today...
Fighting sickness in bed with the NPR First Listen of Patrick Watson's brilliant new album: find it on NPR's music page.
It's great.
AMAZING photos!
Welcome home.
it just got a hold of some plastic and melted a little...
RT RT : Feminism is not biased against men, it is biased against sexism.
bitch shut the ill unfollow when to and bitch your time end I end it
cool wil u hve a blackberry?
that's extremely sweet!
who got skype
good morning a reason for mahomies!!!!
definitely!
thanks for the kind words and be sure to stay tuned for more interview series with other professorssionals in the...
that is pretty awesome!
why just a shout to Corrie!??!
: I can't freaking wait!
Thinking about planting some roses.
Not sure if I can keep them alive.
I'll tell you later :
That car crashes into me maybe you shouldn't pull out!
Freaking moron!
Please nearly kill me two days before I turn 26.
areyoukiddingme?!?
Finally Going to medieval times!
Nothing like starting your day with1 of your neighbors' throw up on your car door.
how is Rondo or CP3 even a question..
rondo by a mile..
Proposed Scholarship Requirements
it was good but I was kinda disappointed.
Not as great as I thought it would be.
well, to be fair I am a magazine writer by trade.
Hence, why I keep the print copies and don't get the eversion
Diet cures more than the doctor.
Maxim
amy follow back!
D
Totally true.
But installers  customers can see panels made  talk w.
company reps  better connection here in WI
Happy Birthday, !!!!
thats the truth, preach on brother
The POTUS was his usual great self delivering his third SOTUS tonight.
Bravo.
RT : Day trip to West Branch DE River: doctorving, podcasts, flyfishing, birding, solitude.
AH can't you smell spring?
I'm going to the San Diego Harley Davidson Womens Garage Party.
Yipeeeee!!
I like your way of thinking!
charlie come to candy mountain charlie!
oh mans..
I've missed that video.
Fun seeing you !
We are all weird.
And life is weird.
And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we call it love.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
is still on that mountaintop, looking out at the Promised Land.
Time for us to start climbing faster and higher!
i dont have time for the bullshit
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
Flip Wilson
Bullying is a serious issue.
It bothers me how politicians use it just to spin for personal gain.
wanted you to know I'm doing cycles with several new clients and am seeing some nice progress.
RT if you're already counting down to your Warped Tour date.
im FANTASTIC, how are you?:
The Super Mystery Jackpot song contest is starting over 50 Jackpot.
1st clue: this song is from the 90's
Yep.
Joss Whedon cowrote it and his fingerprints are all over it.
I'd rent it.
It's a postmodern take on horror movies.
: omg!
U r so good!
: lovedit thank you so much!
Subscribe!
More coming this week!
:D
All your sappy and pathetic love/hate my life tweets make me want to punch you in the face...
Just to be blunt.
that's funny.
I remember when I had my first beer.
Does Cleveland even have a team this year?
Erin go braughless!
Active!
It makes you more productive, personal and passionate about your brand.
lol, too bad there's like 3 in mine
yay!
Looking forward to it!
:
Welcome to Utopia.
We design and build furniture.
How do I know when an avocado is perfectly ripe?
What about Mangoes?
Can you just help me with all fruits?
I like that we have montario and trent in the backfield.....like a fres taylor and jonathan stewart situation.....
Booked Gossip Girl again tomorrow as a Paparazzi!
thanks for the likes my friends!
this business has been an evolution, during a revolution,...:
Thanks for the followup!
I'm assuming they find love and other shenanigans along the way?
Assuming it's a comedy.
long day
NYPD scanner: Officer requests chain cut in Zucotti Park.
Dispatcher: What's your exact location?
Exasperated: I'm in Zucotti Park.
you guys were doggin' on me the first night I wanted to play his music!
LOL
at authorspeak2012?
Yes, please!
Omg really?
i have hazel eyes!
starting off tonight's SMCSFO event.
thank you for calling!
We appreciate you thinking of us for your sign needs.
Thank you for the feedback, Scott.
I appreciate your honesty.
You smile, I smile.
3
love ur work!
u guys hiring at source fed/defranco inc?
us mt folk gotta stick together haha im a radio host/vo artist.
take care
House Judiciary Comm Repubs put out critical report on Obama Admin:
getting slippy in the Eastern part of the country.
Be safe and keep an eye out for that black ice.
I tweet from experience ;
awesome.
Did you know that 42 of Americans surveyed can't leave home w/o their cell phone
Are you in this line?
Well stop participating in this economy.
Join a business who has a product in HIGH DEMAND.
Skinny Body Care...
you'd be surprised...only certain founding members of the VJC are from LA.
We're from everywhere.
NC, NYC, OH, ATL, etc
yayyyy!
Welcome Alicia :
the vagina's are alright
I just do not understand how a morning can be SO ROUGH before 9 am.
Does.
Not.
Compute.
just me.
Northern tier trail.
I know it hits Fargo.
LOL ME 2 MAN...THEY SOME LAMEO'S WITH ALL CAPS
I'm sorry gang, but this made me LOL RT : Vagina: it's like a beer koozie for your penis!
when you got nothing to do simply listen to music and start dancing to it.....
Awesome jersey.
Come get that framed when you can!
We'll do it on the low.
Aced my Law test, yuup.
niqqas these days fight over a soccer game !
Chris Davis, who started as DH for the Os, is in at pitcher and throwing it 89 mph and just go a K
my favorite student!
XD
Yeah, these things always happen at terrible times for me, too.
I'm sure public comments will be interesting/entertaining
My doctoram: being kissed in the rain by someone who cares about me 3
Thanks for your support girl!
When you break up, your whole identity is shattered.
You are no longer alive.
Leaving Soon.
Camp With My Church , Hope It Turns Out Fun!: I'll miss you babe /:
I am learning about finding slideshows on flash doctorves.
This is paying attention.
The break room still smells like Thanksgiving.
Good seeing you this weekend brother!
Good luck with everything!
Hammering away like im fuckin tommy noble
Voldemort's ass crack.
I love the way you've been doctorwing Skull's expressions lately.
So fun.
Wish I could say it was for others enjoyment but I'm just a dork
Awesome!
I will be waiting!
Worry?
Kills confidence.
Destroys courage!
Causes Fear  Steals Your Power!
So don't worry!
Live it up Like there is no to morrow!
NOW is!
.: The Zoo
I'm not in the cult of Apple myself either.
No problem!
Have a great Monday :
Starting my 2nd week as Senior Psychologist at Insight Psychological Centers Chicago.
Happy to join the team!
ollow back me...
They're real, and real fun too!
So if by the time the bar closes, and you feel like falling down...
I'll carry, you home...
tonighhhttt...
Kobe be that Nigga
You should fear god.
But Not be scared of him...
and crappy brazil's behavior.
screw them.
::hands advil and box of donuts::
...but I think what you're looking 4 costs .
Also, some you can do some interesting things with Storify one you've...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE NUMBER ONE BOY IN MY LIFE!!!
gahhh can't believe my baby brother is already 9!!
Here kickin it at a bar, its been a while, let's see what the night life has to offer.
: Ian got time for playing the side chick ill leave that up to the rest.
you are absolutely right I cant keep up with all this ish!
Lol!
if ur looking for a girl who is supportive amazin cute and loves u for who u are choose me 12
but they also repel.
I'd never buy a property in sight of one.
And if the city decided to install them near me I'd leave.
thanks!
I use just basic acrylic brushes.
Used to be just a pencil and paper kind of guy.
Recently trying to expand my range
I don't take things to heart I just tweet about it!
who the hell wants to see that crazy bitch's ass again?!?
You could only vote once a day anyways!
Thank you to all who read, listened, discussed a banned book or watched a movie w/ us this week!
We'll be posting pics soon
1.
ALL THINGS MUST PASS, 2.
PLASTIC ONO BAND, distant third, RAM.
OH: Challenge that one, you big fat fart.
New SINGLE CHEF show Monday evening at 6pm Pacific 9 Eastern...See what I whip up next!
www.theroomlive.com
cant wait for honer's reaction
ha i missed u too:
Bitches tht don't roll wit me, i feel bad for them, i got money flowin, glasses tippin', i'm more than a gem
Good crowd at ye olde .
Too bad I'm stuck answering emails.
Can't this place book itself yet?
LOL that can happen.
So are your Lakers in Trouble?
Will gay marriage/civil union debate play a larger role in Colo and national election this year?
After today, who could say no?
1: You hurt my feelings.
2: Your feelings shouldn't be hurt.
Also of note: there's a format here called Gen X Radio.
I was REALLY intrigued up until they played Staind out of commercial.
It's relief
Know anyone that needs a security package?
We install for residential, commercial, and industrial facilities, throughout Los Angeles!!
Truth about Roni?
random shoutouts to and !!
DC: Chancellor Rhee resigns as education guru and opens Rhee's Egotistical Chicken and Waffles; in wards 1, 2, and 3!
I'm almost some with that one too .
Lol the flower one shouldn't take as long bc there's no questions .
I love you as you are, but do not tell me how that is.
resume tips When going over your resume and career, make sure you have a job title when writing your document.
Ugh.
I wanna play a sport next year/
congratulations Edge
Excited about hitting the road tomorrow with a great coach.
Can't wait to pick his brain about hoops.
Ready to learn.
Or, the truth is stranger than fiction?
lmao, oh b/c I just knew I was right when I said it earlier 
good morning boo :
Not sure yet but probably not...getting em once were there haha
Getting ready to celebrate.
Should be lots of fun.
Good friends  good food  doctornks  a great birthday!
21CRadio questions are over.
Time to network and selfpromote.
Tell us what you're doing!
Share your links!
Bottling up shit is really really bad for you
If 1D to NYC tomorrow I won't be able o go because I have school and my mom work!
They should come to Albany again!
it is the capital of NY
c meet for sure tho!
: love you girl!
Love always Elysia.
3
Thanks for the RT yesterday Hope you are having a good day!!
RT woohoo!
Friday is the start to a great family weekend!
Happy Birthday George Lucas!
haha.
next time!
I only have 115gb of memory cards at the moment though :
That's just life I guess :/
I don't follow suit, I wear the suit!
2012 year of the motivated!
Dare to be different!
Watch me do me  youll never witness a dull moment.
good!
Was nice being near water.
I got u boss man lol ur welcome
Facebook bought Instagram.
Good thing I didn't jump on that hype wagon lol
when you say never, it makes it sound so ...
never.
give me a little something to cling to.
RITBrickCity weekend schedule coming soon!
will do  thanks!
Can homeschooling parents also sign up for a discount card?
Please let us know.
Thanks so much!
yea it was at the 6 Flags safari and we brought bananas w us.
The story gets way more graphic but I'll save that for another time
Tonight Alive  Paramore with a younger, blonde Haley.
Be Like That Then Joe.!!
The closer to Friday the more rantsthis is the twitter way.
just noticed haha.
And this surprises anyone??
A new Pentagon report states that some remains of the victims of 9/11 were disposed of in a landfill.
trying to finish up work for the week and eating a late lunch.
Am I losing it?
Just tried to buy 6 books and got an error: the discount code is not valid
he is afraid that they might fight back!
yeah, but i have been remembering new stuff lately.
again, that tomato thing was a 15 yrs later flashback
Get the funnest affordable Limo Bus for your birthday!
Call today for a quote 619.225.8466
Dig the collaboration beers?
The ONLY Cheeky Yinzer firkin of pcbw is now on at
not really.
you win some you lose some
RT if you like walking in sneakers rather than in shoes.
I wanna go see the vow it looks so good!
where do you work?
I need more followers, a brain gets lonely sometimes, especially Austin Mahone's..

If you love that, you'll also love Golf is Not a Game of Perfect.
Great life coaching book, too.
Don't have to be golfer
Weren't you stuck in a hideabed?
Or was that the '89 World Series?
I just listened to an album that i will listen to and love for the rest of my life.
you guys just set a new standard.
You're joking, right?
Joyeuse Action de Grace !
Be happy.
At my first panel for Mobility: How to Use Mobile for GOTV at
unfortunately no, I have a lot of shoes!!!
Lol
Read Castle Clinton's tweets to discover more about the causes and history of the
Well, now!
That looks tasty!
Thank you, 99.1, for playing Don't Stop Believin' just as I hit the halfway point of entering damage billing.
Aww Bridgett as a pink doctorm set
Woo Hoo!
130 Likes  I am feeling like a Star!
Thanks to AFVMother'sDay12!
I have used this method to train my dogs for 24 years and it works like a charm!.......Steve W., Bellefonte, PA
Is there some reason my coffee isn't here yet?
Has she died or something?
StaffingMarkeplace is now officially on the staffing Industry Analyst website under Products and Services.
Check us out and get listed
Halloween Bake Sale in the skywalk today from 11a1p.
Stop by and get some treats and support ProLiteracy.
do you want to join rakes, Willis and Troutman tomorrow at the studio for the call in show?
Can't be here in person?
Well tweet us your social media questions!
!
Tonight starting at 5:30pm EST!
Biggest stories of the week 321 Henry happening right now!
also same position that John McCain held in 2008.
I don't remember media being giddy about it then.
I think I would have just walked off without taking the exam.
Cool.
Send me the link.
Just read about your research on your website; sounds incredibly interesting!
yeah?
Hm I hadn't thought of that.
Does this city not have Africans ready to get their braid on?
this is just like waiting for you when we would get lunch.
Home to Phoenix tonight!
So so so excited to celebrate with my friends and family at my bridalshower tomorrow!
Marielle, you are the best.
I thank you so much.
Reach out if you need anything.
Is the stock market causing you heart burn too?
Our Congress  President need to get their act together.
Reduce spending, balance the budget
Streaming still isn't working.
Anything I try to load is stuck at 7.
It hasn't worked all weekend.
Just got replacement for ancient, recalled iPod Nano.
Yay, latest one!!!
Thanks, Apple!
Wrist band here we come.
In order to be successful you have to have passion for what you do...
Because if you don't than its easy to give up
Bo on this snow!
Librarians are numbered like kings and popes.
Starting the newest DCAP ep today.
Tracking doctorms and bass  Stone Otis Studios with Brandon Santos 
Back to bed for reading and snuggling with kitty while it rains!
Thank God that i pass
Yuck...RT : Can you imagine what that pizza woulda been like if those pickles were frickles?!
have fun at prom:
Watching Chicago playing Detroit in NHL on tv right now.
Go Detroit, go Red Wings!!!
But this is something I don't really know anything about.
test doctorven development sounds like a good idea
thanks though
This game was great!
My share for the day: Stand in your Truth.
It will strengthen your character...
Have a great day on purpose.
Screw bein a trophy WIFE, my man is gunna be a trophy HUSBAND; jk
for what slots 1thur 10 you send a copy or link so I can put people on to it
You love to doctornk?
So do we!
partyoniChat , hahahahah.
nobody can love you like i can.
youre never gonna find a girl that does.
because it's impossible.
:'
Game day baby!!!!
welcome back.
about time.
Groove City!
Hey Dawn this is Your Cuz!
Thanks for the follow!
hey dude, thanks for following.
Don't break your cell.
;
so exited for uni !!
Completed Timeless, moving on to scifi anthology Armored.
Come and get your TAN ON!
HUGE LOTION SPECIAL From 8am1pm TODAY ONLY Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION for 50 OFF!!!
I can't DM you  that'd be excellent.
had a late night brainstorm of, why haven't we tried this?
Glad to know someone has.
They don't call it Bangkok for no reason honey...
I'd rather be tweeting then doing this boring work : RT if you read this
Sorry, Dawn.
Hopefully you can upgrade soon!
SO DO IT BEST SUMMER, ALL IN YOUR HANDS
Oh my god!
I actually was going to get the script because I couldn't remember that quote last night!
Real 3 isn't ambivalent!
thank you for the welcome.
Hello to you too
Big time props to the MaherManiacs last night!
The student section was loud and gave us a huge lift.
We appreciate the support!
great job superstar!
Or is it modelpreneur?
Read that article  keep it up
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Darnell Williams for 12 years of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
What did ResLife staffs listen to on move out day before Closing Time was written?
Come see us today, make a nonperishable food donation  get a great cut!
oh no!
I just got this!
Blast.
My view: Big shift in communications from email to social networks: personal broadcast without the expectation of direct response
Yezzir!!
RT : The Bulls woulda ran through the East with Derrick, no problem.
hmm i might get a few looks for asking for that haha but might be worth it to buy one from the store
just the thought of nathaniel strawmyer pisses me off now.
ugh.
It don't matter who you are, it is so simple 
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing lying about everything, you got your ass beat.
End of story.
RT : Check out these pork friend rice cupcakes.
Perfect to fool your friends and family with on April Fools Day!...
let's go!
stumbled on your snippet in the while doing clips at work.
Needs more professornities.
Word to the wise, you will encounter turbulence upon approach.
Happens whenever crossing the Sandia Mtns.
I love you darling.
I hope you feel better soon.
3
Q9.
To which of Twitter/Facebook friends would serve as your court jester?
I had reservations about reviews saying The Social Network would sweep the oscars.
All completely valid.
Incredible movie...see it ASAP
Oklahoma schools see significant delays in reimbursement of federal funds
Suggestion  Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point.
This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
If there's one thing I've witnessed in life:: God is faithful always
I noticed.
Thank you!
;
yes girlie that was a workout !!
The only good thing was the Starbucks :P lmao
thanks for the follow!
thanks not bad from a can huh lol
thx for following me!
God bless
of course...I need to get on my FB game.
Why no Gold Cup??
It's the most fratastic event of the year
If u have a home phone and you are paying more than 15 for service AND nationwide long distance, smh...you need to Inbox me
Nope, I'm in Hells Kitchen now.
Loved Astoria, but love my HK more.
;
Anyone else gonna camp out on tuesday night to make sure they get a wristband for the 1D signing?
Let me know!
RIP Carl Beane, tragic news, worked with him many years at Mutual Radio, made everything easy, true pro, great voice, will miss him
Ugh I don't feel well.
Gun Safes are used for protecting childoctorn as well as securing guns from fire and theft.
Feherty on is def worth the watch ...
does a remarkable job of humanizing golf w great humor/guests 
Can't they do better?
I hear Hank Williams Jr.
is available.
RT American Idol's to sing anthem opener.
Shorts and grilling out in Indiana in March.
Not bad :D
Thank you for the follow.
Nice to meet you.
God dam
Follow me Plzz I follow back!
no hatred just saying that Kentucky is gay and you wear their clothes.
gurll im such a fan ; its sad how u die in the hunger games and your not gonna be in catching fire or mockingjay :
LOLed when  Cameron Diaz announced that award, you gotta take a chancee!
lol of course!
Hi, just FYI, your name shows as Web Owner in your tweets.
Should probably say something Waverly  have a great day!
Filming a ROCK BAND music vid this Sat in SF!
Looking for fans to play our song on RB.
Email if ya wanna play:
met with Jackie Taylor from Black Ensemble Theater.
It's going to be a great addition to the 47th ward.
hold off on sticking in a bigger doctorve and just swap them around and see if that helps.
If not, I can try to get another doctorve
.
It's better to be safe than sorry, but don't u need snow to actually be on the ground in order to mandate snow routes?
Interested in Bytes for Bites digital platforms
only if we have matching bachelor parties in bourbon street.
whoppers, i hate those little fuckers
Sittin in my car on my break its lovely out
We are proud to annouce the THEME for Mifflin 2012: Mifflin Now Mifflin Forever!
A great event this year, then Mifflins for years to come!
i have to wait until i get on a computer to watch it doe
So unbelievably excited that Conan is back!
That's why i don't understand why or how anyone can be pissed at Jagr, so it was a rival team!
who gives a fuck?
Thanks for the feedback!
We'll work on it!
cc
lol oh God weaves are expensive!
thats 100 i can actually use
thanks for the article!
Almost complete ..home remodel in Coronado, CA Beach Home, Neutral colors , soft creams, beige's, and w/touches of turquoise blue.
Usually in my school e is onto guy bands but let me say this I think for the first time there can be a girl band 
working a new in flames cover video....should be up real soon!!
what other cover videos would you like to see???
Ed
def.
the app definitely speaks for itself..
all it takes is 2 minutes on and people are hooked
Morning Sunshine!!
Hand model on set....
Then off to taping of new show!
Classic hashtag RT : On my way to pitch for Modesto Nuts this AM.
you too friend!
Will I see you again at
Gotta just take this one day at a time
ah now he puts the fire rescue sweatshirt on, lot better!!
did u get a pic of the doppelgängers?
Go Terps!
BohsandOs.com will be live Tweeting from the Comcast Center tonight and Route 1 after if the Terps win.
And um I'm making enchiladas!
ACL goers: Stop by The Screaming Goat for some grub before heading to Zilker!!
Same here.
Oops!
Forgot to submit my monthly highlights from March to my supervisor!
We submit stats and news of our work.
These girls have been talking nonstop in the room clearly marked quiet room
Video today wit my felifeli on!
S/o to go follow him!
Even the best fall down sometimes
its time
24 is on fire
Great to meet you at JazzAhead!
Looking forward to a great girl chat soon!
Peace and Pearls!
you mean MLA
watched first few episodes..i like it..
the music is a bit much, but i like the premise
I am forcing my exercise routine to stay put.
If I can pin one routine down, I can usually get another one in, too!
But I have like no idea at all :o seriously?
xoxo 
found me
youre welcome to DM me then too, if youd like any advice or suggestions :
Good morning folks.
The doors will be open at 10AM as we're dealing with the schools' delayed start.
Thanks!
well rocks my socks!
And I tweet my posts from too
I can't stop listening to it.
Not only are the lyrics hauntingly beautiful, his voice is idyllic
First day at the new job!!
good evening tweeters how are yu!?
No doctornks for me this St.
Paddy's Day  , see what I sacrifice for you?
CLUB OWNERS!
RECEIVE 15 OFF ON YOUR PURCHASES WITH US TODAY!
CALL 7736471143 FOR MORE INFO
i need more followers asap!!!!!
Will do.
Plans for an online retail push?
Might be able to help...
I can DM you my email.
Happy Friday!
Who's ready for the Colts this weekend?
Any decision is the right decision, as long as you start working towards it today.
RT : Aye STOP what you doing and go follow RIGHT NOW
I know that feeling.
I've battled both all my life.
I'm getting better w/time  by finding my BLISS!!!
It's a daily journey.
Holy cow, ANOTHER new announcement.
This time, they're headed to Dallas!
I love the new song katy perry did
GREAT Moms, Dads, Grandparents, Aunt, Uncles, Sisters, Brothers,  friends all here to learn and support foodallergy  at FAAN conference!
Oh god.
I need a life.
When I come home from school, I go on tumblr.
If i don't have my computer, I eat then fall asleep.
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on courage:
I fall for people too fast 
Best time to read!
: By the waysome nice coverage in SNR, Submerge, MidMo and SacBee.
Read while you doctornk!
has quickly become my fav w/end news shows/Great bipartisan round table discussions.Who needs
Nice work!
29 players so far in today's noon tournament.
140 buy in, still plenty of time to sign up.
Registration is open until 1:40 pm.
Hey everyone, check out the pics from this year's 2012 Historic Home Tour in Bankers Hill in our photo album!
I'm super excited for you!
i'm so frustrated right now i just want to go home
i cant take jokes...
:
Most 's tweets are not about him but you should see this cool thing says
That might be the move.
You going out there?
just spent the last five minutes killing a centipede with my shoe, while apologizing at the same time for not making it's death painless
yep!
I'm watching tv on hulu
We make our fortunes and we call them fate.
Benjamin Disraeli
lets keep it 100 here you are beautiful and amazing to me but i felt like im not shit to you other than somebody who cheers you up
If you look close, you can see Im not real happy written all over his face
Received my acceptance letter to HFA today!
Did my HAPPY dance
Today will be a better day for me!
All smiles, no worries, all happiness and joy!
Lake of the Ozarks is the most sought after resort area in the United States for boating and second home owners.
Once here, you won't leave!
I first said that justinbibb was smarter than I, which is still true, but I'm 100 positive PhilipNiles is smarter than us both.
DYK?
Ruby DeeLegendary awardwinning actress is a member of DST ..
LOL I can make postgame comments.
I gotta take my kid to a birthday party
lol what is that site?
Why do guys under 30 think it's odd to tuck a sweatshirt into jeans?
Broadus is expected to appear at the next Clay Raw,
Waiting to listen to lonewolf tour
I was hoping I was that special someone.
It turns out that wasn't what she meant by 'special'.
Performing Tonight ....
Eugene ...
Special Event SALSA ...
From Portland : Rumba y Cache, Huracan Tumbao and Ritmo LatinoPDX ....
I did
If you are a Top 20 Blogger and Care about Mental Health for Kids, Please Connect and DM us!
We'd like to Hear from You!
Thanks!
going to try to make it up there
haha sarcasm you smart asses
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
15
My store was playing sexy love....
Uh??
Sappy sad love song...
:P
Finally donee with my homework
it disgusting.
Did he at least come bearing gifts?
The Actors' Network Holiday Party in less than 3 hours........
Does flap of a butterfly's wings in Brazil set off a tornado in Texas?
Mathematician  chaos theorist Edward Lorenz  Yes!
And 1 voice?
what's good bro?
U went Lebron James on me?
lol
killin it with the flows!
and ..kinda craving some lo mein now ha
just realized that americanidiot casts were at springawakening stage seats earlier...no wonder the guy with the blonde streaks look fam
Quite tipsy on super bowl sunday lol whos doctorving?
lol
I received a 25 gift card to McDonald's from an instructor whose class I monitor on Saturdays.
The thing is I don't eat fast food...
Be Sure  Tune in to today from 34pm PST...
Bringing you the dopest tracks to medicate to...
I slept at my boyfriend's house yesterday, mom.
my mom .
.
.
OH U SHREEP AT FWIEND'S HOUSE?
OKAY.
description now
Second pass by the Mall!
spottheshuttle even closer!
I think I want to cry.
yeah.
I heard.
Thanks for following!
Please stay tuned for new collections!
This game disgust me.
Yea, I believe it ended on the 23rd.
good night :
RT : Best of both worlds : A twofergood on ya!
Just discovered that Ron Paul is an advocate for raw milk.
Had no idea!
Will today be YOUR Day?
Rainy days make that morning cup of coffee taste extra good :
lol and i would!
you can just call me the postman!
Its gonna be pretty hard for another sunday to be as depressing as this one
Great changes may not happen right away, but with effort even the difficult may become easy.
Bill Blackman
Me too.
RT Attending the Amigos Online Conf: Plotting Futures!
Ha  actually that was unintentional.
But yes.
I know I am; LOL.
Fuck it.
New chapter
Reading The Greatest Miracle in the World by OG Mandino
that's so cool!
I want to go to school for photography, but I've only taken a semester high school class.
But I love it.
Follow for more Water Music Info
Just fired up the grill on the RiverWalk for Brat/Hot Dog Fry!
Join us for lunch 11:30a1p.
100 of proceeds go to
can't wait to devour that wine bottle wit yaa
Did you find out before or after you took it in and named it?
When it rains, it pours.
Last week to be social before I delve into workaholicism for a while...
actually already there.
Perfect.
will come find you.
i know...
it's just funny because I used to say the same thing to all of my friends
I gotta say, if you haven't sung You Are Worthy arr by , you're missing out.
Amazing!
Prism Music publishes it.
So according to the transitive property of Taco Bell, home plate is the pot of gold and Rickie Weeks is the unicorn.
The team just shutdown Sunglasses Forum!!!
Catch us the tomorrow performing.
MARY BROWN: Modernity meets antiquity: Philadelphia Classical Society's ...
Main Line
aww sorry to hear about that.
just ignore them u are great dont give in :
10 for 20 worth of Authentic Japanese Cuisine at Momoyama Sushi in Henderson, Nevada.
hit us up when you're ready to do your video.
Facebook page Swag my video.com www.SwagMyVideo.com
Went to see War Horse last night.
Thought it tipped too far to the sappy side.
Want to see Mission Impossible.
I gotta take care of this sf feeling
Snakebites and redying my hair blue...
:3 YAY!
:D
Happy Birthday, Queen !
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Now quick headbutt.
I think my favorite part of last night was the tattoo show and tell.
I can't wait until our generation rules the world.
Lol am I the only one who has met the BOYZ in pajamas??
Hahahaha
Todays been a day full of new adventures
Going to his daughter lax game 2day if u wanna come w.
the plans are all in motion to go back to college in the fall....
so excited!
You havent missed it yet!
It's TONIGHT!!!
Define a serious offer.
My mom told me that if i wanted to dance i would have to find someone to teach me 1 on 1 wbu??
InMydoctorams Indiana sucks!
At Billy Bobs, waiting for y'all to start playing ;
dude that guy in the blue shirt is my Pastor!!!
Finally relaxing after a long day....
BestFeelingEver clean lobes.
You definitely have no life
lol!
Always good as well.
I don't know who that was even for, but I so enjoy being the spellingpolice :
The ones who don't believe in love, just haven't experienced it yet.
Kaylyn Coming Over : MissEm' So Much !.
I'm thinking the Broncos will be shopping the waiver wire hard for Defensive Line help, one man's trash is another's treasure...
time to finish up playing Call of Duty World at War...as soon as i get off work...today Gamer Tag on 360XDuke72 get  me!
What's your idea?
Let us share it.
Arkenbrand.
that, my friend, is vanilla from my head.
Hehe.
I hate when girls try to look perfect!!
Doesnt imperfection equal beauty?
:/
I am really pumped, what do u think about the DH situation?
I think they need another lefty reliever, and a lefty bat.
get him on an epic group ride with some hills, he'll be in spandex  gears in no time.
I agree.
You can't be your kid's parent and BFF while they're young.
It's like jumbo shrimp.
omg ew you nasty fuck, im good y tu?
x
If you like football, nonsense and useful fantasy advice, you must read
To those of you twats who came out to le show these past three weeks a big HIGH FIVE and thanks for joining us in our fun.
If you change a hotkey every time it's not what you expected, any photoshop user can learn GIMP in a day.
Isn't 2.8 a great time to do it?
I want to join APG and the Speakers group.
Got to keep up with the future.
Think the supporting cast in Indy is so new and so bad ...
hard for me to say Colts will win more than 6 games.
Hi, Thanks for the follow!
Stuart

I would go for my husbands birthday and i'd buy tickets to see garth brooks!
He is my husbands favorite and the wynn is his doctoram ...
I think there's a  outside of my house.
Weirdest noises ever.
I'm trying to sleep!
Oh lord...
what the hell were we thinking....
Headed to the Nelly Remy Martin Party Tonight...Makin Moves!
.
You can see it in his face he's scared of Pac taking away that perfect record.
dude i have been watching these and they are amazing
Where?
RT Peanut.
Butter.
Cheerios.
Monday don't be late
I cant stop i wont stop
I know I'll regret it later, but I'm still gonna do it anyway.
:x
My dad would have been 60 today.
thx for description!
Take a look at Evernote peek, too...
Looks like I'm wearing jeans!
It's cold outside!
happy nappy born day god body legit sun moon n stars
I hate when people expect you to know exactly what they want...without them even saying it.
shout to for da follow
GREAt Some People Are very Honest : but some are still waiting
Ahh, nostalgia.
Watching the movie 'Helvetica.' Brings a tear to the eye of an old typographer.
Guys if you wish all girls look like Megan Fox, well too bad, it's not like you guys all look like trey songz
Often we impair God's designed influenceb/c of our own conscious efforts to be consistentusefulchambers
I'm really in the mood for mcdonalds asdfghjkl
Thats right haha now dont you feel better for agreeing with me?
RT It's fitting weather for National Hot Cocoa Day.
Have you had a cup yet?
Liquid Chocolate was a favorite colonial doctornk!
Not having the right tools is extremely frustrating.
2011 is my year for music!
Seeing , , , w/ AND a new album!!
Good Afternoon Beautiful!
Long time no talk.
How r things?
Just a few more days for the launch of our Broward Issue of Sprinkles Magazine!
Awesome and amazing to have these tokens of the past.
Thank you for sharing!
if you're going to class, sweatpants are always a bad choice!
Dig the fox around your neck RT : oh ok and crazy ?
OMG!!!!
Marc is out of his mind!
He really wants this Hottest Dude Title!
LMFAO.
I love you.
What's been good Tweeterz?!?
I know I've been busy, but never forget about y'all.
Me tho!
That is quintessential Gingrich.
it was only 16 min.
didn't want it to be too long.
next time i will do the question thing.
thanks!
that's amazing!
If I'm not on another shoot I'd love to come!
Why is Google Talk not available on iPhone...
Frustrating!!!!
It's called snow ya shee!
LMFAOO.
i'd rather go to wonderland LMFAO.
Let me see what I can find
Resveratrol can also help maintain already healthy blood pressure and cholesterol levels already in normal range.
Do us a favor and tag us in a tweet,telling all your friends why they should check out .
We'll tweet right back at ya!
Welcome to twitterworld
Started a few months ago after I first slipped into the depression I went through.
It's starting to scare me a bit.
RT : good to see you here and lets get the party started.
Finally watched MoralKombat.
If you're looking for an evenhanded account of the debate over violent video games, be sure to check it out.
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Gossip Girl
RT The only thing you can change is yourself, but sometimes, that is enough  Anon
Just finishing up renovation of condos north of Boston.
Beautiful two bed, two bath residences.
Now for sale.

when it comes to UK/IU...March 23, 2012 kinda trumps every reg season game.
Sorry :
like it was yesterday
Peace bro!
follow back
please follow me you da bomb!!!!:
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo.
You ain't nothing but a hoe.
You think you're cool, you think you're classy, but to us, you're just trashy.
At Broadway Pier on bay downtown San Diego for press conference supporting Navy Broadway Complex project.
New jobs  revenue for San Diego.
Sarah Baker opening at BES tonight!
well I'm glad you told me that after you followed lol
looking at the tl ...I canT believe The Real World still exists...I havenT watched it since 05 or was it back to Chicago?
i 4get
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
6
14 I like your bio : and your icon :D
Seeing ppl from my high school at random places..
makes me miss it :
ha ha!
I haven't heard jello shots in a long time!
that's a very midwest term, in my mind anyway!
I Followed Yuhh Now Yuhh Follow Me Please
Either twitter eating tweets or ppl deleting shit.
Completely honored.
Men respect women who is confident in herself.
has morals and stick to them.
Good post, and totally agreed.
If it's like a job, they should get paid.
Don't you mean Chris Everett his ass?
right so why bother it's all bullshit just do you is what I say
I'm in for the long haul.
Dear brain, make the tears stop.
Please.
I've been happy for like the past week.
I don't like when you do this.
love me
iTunes Genius won't even work at all for me.
I don't think it can handle my 400 GB megalibrary.
Nice to see the bats producing.
Nice new Facebook strategy!
Your campaign is one of our favorites!
George Jefferson  Jordan Jefferson BCS...
pic.twitter.com/qXnuFNub
Hell yeah, running quiet like it's new or sumn
Just made some breakfast for dinner.
Can't do wrong with some breakfast.
Back from Mexico and LA had a blast
He played the most minutes after saying he couldn't play.
Joke
Happy Father's Day!
Last minute brunch plans?
Join us, 10am  3pm; 415.563.7700.
My sis officially becomes an iPhone user today!
Good riddance sh!teous Blackberry!!!
My Bday be coming up soon....I will be accepting donations to Save the Gorilla's via Paypal....message me for my email if u care to donate!
I hate you best buy for recommending a printer that doesn't work!
The ink is full so stop saying it's not
Family faces are magic mirrors.
Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present, and future.
Gail Lumet Buckley
Its like I don't even know you anymore...
RT : Barton Springs Update: Austin Parks and Rec Dept Aquatics Div w reopen Barton Springs Pool Fri, May 18!
YEA
Hey haven't heard from you hope all is well.
Sweet doctorams!
SAT and then Atlanta with Gaby tomorrow :
feels like she's cheating on FB with Twitter when she updates here.
Today, is our Clairemont Garden Tour  Expo.
The Tour runs from 10am4pm, Expo runs from 2pm6pm.
Tweet us if you have any questions!
Text me.
To be excluded by omission is to be excluded based on perception of value.
No...just no Step Boyz.
ever coming to Maine??
RT : I ain't eating right or sleeping right but I'm working right!
hey r we doing the conference.
call tonight
RT Mayo Clinic?
No thanks.
When my mayonnaise gets sick, I just throw it away.
i always am asked why i like the forest so much it has a really deep meaning 3
Happy day of mothers...
and my beautiful mother and future LOve you my love
Thanks for following!
how was your day ?
Donna Brazile visits the Political Junkie to talk debate prep, spin and exploitation...hr2 Travel writers Pico Iyer and Paul Theroux YOWZA
Come see us in Peoria!
nm : just chill u?
u hater!!
Welcome Back Braun 23 in a row.
Should I get up or go back to bed?
Lol
WHAT IS THE HUNGER GAMES EXACTLY??
YSL at the Denver Art Museum with and Momma!
I think im sick!
My throat hurts and my eyes are so irritated!
...ineffective leadership would be my guess.
I'm trying out for EscapeRoutes reality T.V.
show challenge.Think I should be a cast member?retweet teamwhitney write your tweet in below.
HAPPY LATE THANKSGIVING..
WE STARTED OUR EATING OFF EARLY LOL
Giveaways, college football, Rockies, Broncos and all Colorado sports talk!
Chime in, AM 1510, 3032971510
We can't wait to hear it!
thank you ;
so i lost my voice, yayayayayay.
this is just great.
That workout
did you buy a lottery ticket too?
Lol
Just had PizzaHut for lunch...can't beat free pizza.
Excited to begin working with Jackson's Bistro Bar  Sushi!!
with no doctorver and mommy screaming 'Rrrrrric!!!'
BREAKING NEWS; More nasty breakups in the limelight and thats and the mother of hes childoctorn.
Right, Now..
I want too Rave, Until My brains fall out.
Putting on a fake smile, so you don't have to explain why you're not happy.
When my eyes keep watering.
Switched at Birth 3
NO STOP SAYING THAT YOUR NOT A DIMWIT!!
oh dead baby jokes...
difference between a dead baby and a sandwich?
I don't fuck my sandwich before I eat it
o that sounds awesome!
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it.
Jonathan Winters
He did...like 5 years ago just before he started on Criminal Minds.
Look again
Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.
Considering buying a home?
Start the process by calling Mountain Trust Mortgage  Realty today!
3761299
or the brand
Goodmisterg lil bro.
Have a great week.
Peace
I'm working a 15day voyage from San Diego to Ecuador, ending in Costa Rica.
I'll be in SD for two days for my training.
THANKS!
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE
Does anyone know where i can find a Barrack N' Roll shirt?
What kid and conversation ..
???
I certainly wouldn't know...
hehe!
RT : What is an extreme pet owner????
shit I just missed the shuttle.
thank you for you prayers.
He had been in and out of the hospital for the last 3 years with lung problems.
Congrats to the UK softball team for getting a bid into the NCAA Tournament.
And amazingly enough they're in the Louisville regional.
If you are teamknicks the worst part of it all is hearing Mike Breen suck off the Heat like this bullshit didn't just go down.
haha nice :p you should text me bud
This woman just spent 62 in the Dollar Tree.
The poor sales clerk had to scan every single bottle of bubbles and pack of highlighters...
Omg ive be glad wen all this waiting is over.....
: You can't ignore what's right in front of you!
nothing for dinner  cuhs im too bored to get food
When we stand for what's right, we never stand alone.
So today I was thinking I want to over use the word
I dunno, but they're gonna be really good next year.
So about that Heat  Knicks game..
..
WHERE ARE YOU CHILD!?
aare you back c:
best problem to have!
I have it 2 lol
Nah it sucks but I'm going over by merch now
Heavy rain, high winds and hail on the way 2530 min.
I know why the boyz like Bucca Di Beppa.
It's like a porn show in there with their art.
o.O
The Silk Tie likes David!
He doesn't have a tie on in his picture, but he should : thesilktie.com
Thanks for the RT!
:
Looking forward to Next week!
I rather like the Lotto shorts
Brittany is coming to my next game,
Thanx for following!
Wonderful wisdom, even frm Midland!
Hubby is frm thereyou must get your inspiration from above :
Come on Kirk!
Lol RT : :  harsh.
Deserved.
I don't ask much of you my brother and when I did
Another successful day with 
Hell yeah!!
get the OT win!
10!!!
Power play still sucks but we'll take win!!!
I don't have one either  not in Mich anyway...but over in Canada, they have tons of sushi places that are amazing
RT : it's wonderful when an everyday purchase can make such a difference!!
thank you mistress I'm looking for one
if only the bucks would wake up!
I want the DOK Multitouch tables for our group study area.
How is there not a hashtag for an eLearning conference?
only if you'll be my date!
We have an exciting new website coming out by the New Year!

the DH wants to Outwit DLS, and start earlier today.
Alas, Lily Marie is on meds schedule  too confusing!
Happy day.
May this be the absolute best Thursday ever.
All day in the apt.
doing HW isn't so bad if you are reading The Book Thief and expecting the love of your life to come home any minute!
44 days till i get to see and again!!
asdfghjkl
Aww thank you Don, that just made my day!
1 word to describe me is...AUTHENTIC
watching the Casey Anthony trial at skate zone?
You will show me the path of life: in your presence is fulness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures for evermore.Psalm 16:11
Crafty play by Canó!
Web gem..
maybe
I am dead.
Not like I find something funny dead, but dead dead.
Heat don't know the importance of regular season messages!!!
Didn't you see how that affected them last year?!
Oh, wait...
THANKYOUThursday to new followers:  I look forward to your DoGood tweets
is brainwashing me.
If Len Goodman doesn't give Donald doctorver a 10 for this, then to hell with Len Goodman.
following back :
Every business needs an app and ClickCom provides cost effective mobile apps
wait what is it like?!
It's actually really cool : Try it, and if you have any questions, feel free to ask.
u coming to school?
You didn't have to stoop so low
RT : People, stop doctoraming nude!
Fantasize some clothes on!
can I get just one dance with yu lady..
lol W.O.R.D.
Thank you so much!
I knew Google was wrong.
Is their any accents?
Spanish is weird :P
Don't let me get in my zone....don't let me get in my zone....
i wanna be your man !
ctfuu
you are a ass and don't talk about Taylor or I will jump out of your computer screen and slap the shit out of you PUNK
ugh, I feel sick again
The goals that you set in life help create your accomplishments!
I LOVE ME SOME MICHAEL PHELPS.
I'm amazed how some companies spend millions on TV ads and then you go to their site and it looks like it lives in 1999!
O yeah I almost forgot...WE FOLLOW BACK
There's champagne in my shoe
Olympic trials for TF end of June, correct?
Headed to Milford, DE for tonight's show  Circles.
Be there!
Spent the day steam cleaning the carpets.
If even thinks about peeing on it, he will be wearing a diaper.
so people can steal shit?
No thanks.
Dodgers Celebrate Jackie Robinson Day With a Win
Are we a country of laws or politics?
Does our constitution rule or do politicians?
SCARY TIMES!
haha ok I'll tweet you tomorrow: goodnight
Great idea, just like they do in NY.
Informed parents should be able to be aware of sex offenders in their area.
Glad I'm not a Mariners fan who went to see them get shut out a only get three hits.
Crap that is me!
Im lost...
I need more followers for give a ways!
Let's go, Milwaukee!
RT : I need some dick ...
BIG THICK DICK :/
: Show tonight!
In the wise words of I dont wanna see a single person moving!
funniest moment all night.
interested in some...you have a schedule?
you should bring back
that was the pic i took, for your icon :
our screams are silent / yet they echo across these concrete plains
Congrats on the very successful YELP IPO today.
I love you so much!
I hope ur having fun in Asia!
Will u follow me please?
Its my birthday!
Hope I can meet you oneday.
You're welcome!
It was definitely retweet worthy.
:
Topics covered by today, ordered by number of blog posts about each: 1.
Instagram, 2.
Election, 3.
Zimmerman.
Tied half in the Kansas v UNC game.
Working his paws to the fluff!
RT : Busy Teddy Bear.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
We want to see in San Francisco !!
awww what would i do with out you 3
Now I'm of consenting age to be forgetting you in a cabaret.
Somewhere downtown where a burlesque queen may even ask my name.
Thanks so much for the RT's and Have a great weekend!
3WordsOfAdvice shut your mouth
hunger games trilogy.
Better and timely with movie coming out.
Katniss is so much better as a role model.
Grab a bowl of awesome soup!
Cream of Asparagus, Seafood Gumbo, Tomato Bisque, Turkey Wild Rice  Chicken Dumpling!
now that's an artist.
Not the other bs ones mentioned previously
I can't understand why Capitol won't release Glen Campbell's 1968 That Christmas Feeling LP on CDimports are 100's on eBay
Ack!
Trying not to have the sads.
Yay!
Surprise!!!
Of course I was a nerdy spaz when I finally told him :P
yes!
That sounds like fun!!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
OK, who doesn't love Bubba Watson.
He was just talking about how important his faith is to him.
Way to go Bubba
Hundoctords of patients, seniors, students, families, and home care workers arriving in Albany right now to tell the Legislature: Pass the mister!
Thank You!
Pls join along on FB  I love the interaction!
I'll will check out your .com page tonight  running out the door!
Win a copy of WALKING HOME TO ROSIE LEE one of the few kids' books on Reconstruction.
Tweet WhereIsRosieLee?
to enter.
u got robed son haha
No problem.
I look forward to that, too.
:
I'm doing better : You proud of your lil sis?
Out of 450 on my CAHSEE, I got 414 in Math and 441 in English .
it's by Roomba.
Just mops my floors.
I was sweeping when I saw Dylan followed me.
I did a dance and the dogs attacked me but it's ok!
The only tests req'd are 1 1 person from each of reproductive genders 2 old enough to consent 3 not rel'd
Love this RT : TFTD  Many times when people tell you that you have changed it's because you've stopped living your life their way.
DIVAS OF DEVIANCE TOMORROW!!!
BE THERE!!
So sorry about that.
I'm glad you ended up saving money!
Done with my last midterm week and en route to the city!
Brazil tomorrow!!!
EastdayIndonesia lifts tsunami warning
oh wow awesome!
Do you still love me??
I owe you so major...
being in the library without aderall and/or beer sucks extra.
Great Monday
Irony: putting a copy of Skydoctorve for Mac on doctorpbox so I can get to it from my other machines.
filming cheesy spanish projects  actually presenting them to the class 
It's bring your child to work day here
welcome to the club
Anyone Wanna Tweet Me.?
Im Bored.
I Want A New Friend.
RT : I will be at the with starting at 2.
I want to hire someone!
Rec sports.
The south shore Y doesn't have soccer for little ones.
Oh my god everyone play me in doctorw something

and you are hoping for what?
lol Naughty, but don't tell Santa!
Rough day.
Ran to PR by multiple minutes but the wheels came off around mile 22 b/c of cramping.
Still finished but painful
back home in DC!
how sad it is to say goodbye to vacation!
I've got some pizza..but I can't promise it'll make it to you.....
Adding Cinnastix right?!!?
I hate wen I have 2 ask 4 my money,u borrowed it!
: mean and the grinning idiot should have put the wolf out of it's miseryagreed.
actually O'Sheas would be dope too since its an Irish spot
This is me getting up every morning reading text with only one eye open o
doesn't even need to be hardware.
Just mention eye  toons
you're crazy!!!
Thanks for putting me on
Chef Robuchon will be in Las Vegas on Tuesday!
No problem!
Anything to help spread the elelove 4
sour diesel
It's not going to fix backlog or most delays in getting patents.
No one really knows how new postgrant procedures will work.
it's in like south bay, right?
I want to go to a UNLV basketball game dammit.
Another day another flight  lax 2 sjc
Thanks for being you, you!
oh, hey world!
shit, where have I been?
really doesn't matter though cause im back and back to blogging.
keep you posted 3
BUT ITS TERRIBLE
Selling photo prints at the Spokane Arena Sat the 17th of Dec during the Chiefs game.
Stop by the main concourse and pick one or two up!
OMG that sounds so amazing, I can't go ANYWHERE that has skee ball and not play, I'm the biggest fiend in the world
Wish I'd asked more ??
when grandparents were alive..they had fled to escape the Muslims..they were Christian..I still love the Scots
.
Thanks guys!!
only one of the graduating committee members is an intl student, but she has an early grad ceremony tomorrow :
Oh 4 sure !!
Most definitely!!!
DM ur  I lost all my contacts.
But I been good!!
What u end up doing to celebrate?
neosporin it!
and only use a bandaid if necessary.
also don't break it, it will take longer to heal.
I thought I was your best friend?
Hey GAAPers!
See you bright and early tomorrow morning!
hoyasaxa /yd
Jesus.
You're so emotional tonight.
I am the female weezy.
;
It has been a long time since I've rock and rolled.
I've been getting the shakes in the morning.
Thank god for shows this week.
Miami Heat won!!!!
Miami Marlins won!!!!
Now Florida Panthers won!!!!!
Yes it's a great day of sports in Florida!!!
Trifecta baby!!!!
Komodo doctorgons are best doctorgons.
3
I don't have pet peeves.
I have psychotic fucking hatreds.
George Carlin.
Basically defines me while I'm in psychology class.
get Rob Wilson on the pine  he looked like a college basketball player!
We danced to week to week, brought back the love, we found trust, vowed we'd never give it up, remember when
Today is my birthday!
The best present ever would be a tweet from you!!
just chillin with some buddies.
what about you?
Game 3 of the playoffs is in the bag.
SCHS takes down E.
Lousiville 5214.
Do you flavor your oatmeal with tea?
Herbal teas work great for this.
Share your favorite tea  oats combo with us!
why am i in this class if and aren't here?
1 more follower to 500!!!!!!!!!!!
A small milestone, but a milestone humble and thankful for our followers....SJSTeam
; this sappy ass song would come on.
Starting my zigzagy trip to KC.
I even managed to get a whole row to myself on plane 1, yay!
the three seasons before this one felt like 20 to me...especially with some many lakers fans around me :/
saw this an had to do it cuz my bday is soon to Your birthday is a special time to celebrate the gift of 'you'to the world.
It's been a while since I've asked, but please go request Bubblegum Boy on !
BOL THiS iS ELECTRICITY BLUE.!
So that's what a quince tree looks like!
Pick a few, just in case .
.
.
.
Hello .
!!
How you doin' today??
UShouldnt Say Things To Down Other People.
Like You Fat You Know What....Lol
he tried to hide it.
I saw articles that said that too.
He was a bit strange at times lol
lol you're such a spammer!
and katie its just allergies I'm not gonna die
Been on chill mode all day
I think taht coronas getitin to me
In.
FINALLY.
Thanks for 1 of the best webseries out there!
If you ever need help w/S3, I'd be more than happy to.
I think they come out slow but once Manu  get in the game...
It should be go go
The dollar stores sells pregnancy tests and coat hangers, talk about one stop shopping
Happy mother's day mom 3 and happy birthday Justin : LoveYouGuysss 3
Rockin' out in English.
last days at mays
My opinion  thefive is redeye for grown ups.
FOLLOW ME CODY???
Please?????
too bad most of the calls are, can you fill this form out?
or can you refill this habitforming medication?
Cool.
We ended up at a playground this morning.
Now I'm back at it.
In a few, we're headed out for smoothies.
gotta get my hair French Braids and right after tht whole 4 hours of pain my head is gonna be hurting extra hard all day long
Does massage therapy at Massage Envy change the way you live your life?
Give a shout out to your favorite therapist!
first chance i get im moving to a big house in the middle of no where
5 years and halfway around the world!
Nice to see you at the old stomping ground
So much to get done between now and Saturday.
Being a Matron of Honor is hard work!
Yhur gonna need me before I need u
good seeing you all Friday night!
Can't wait for the new record
I showed the catalog to Halliburton, and she goes, The one on the right looks like she's about to throw up.
I need food
Grand Slam for David Dejusus.
Cubs lead 41 in the 7th.
Beeb portable citizenship couldn't agree more, Why they didn't associate license w digital content I don't know
no ; Ill start it now :
Love my Snuggy !
you shouldn't have that much pain MY ASS!
i'm ready to rip my leg off.
LIARS!
it's sad that when I saw english translation of ROTK, I thought it meant the LOTR Return of the King
yes mam we do.
I have absolutely no motivation whatsoever to write this paper.
will be here at lexington sports cards friday from 58pm signing autographs!
I'd be glad to swap this here pile of papers and red pen for your existential holiday crisis, trains, lunch, and book.
no problem anything I can do to help lmao
Did you know that Chuck Norris was in Jurassic Park?Remember when the dinosaur was chasing the jeep?he was chasing the dinosaur.
ok, you convinced me.
It's because I have an Andoctorid!
Their music is so good!
:D
nice!
Yeah I have no idea where this is in contrast to the hotel.
All I know is I'm a block down from westgate.
You know just casually having a conversation with Caitlyn Henry on gifboom :
It's official!!
We want to welcome  to the Transform Music family!!!!
Elise should've sailed to top three.
Talent could run for president  America still wouldn't vote for it.
Morons.
Seeking galleries who want to be part of the hot new Parasite Art Fair so named cause it's designed to live off Art Basel.
Just got back from a Kris Kristofferson concert...need to decompress and hit the sack.
It was just poetic awesomeness!!!
Only I can change my life.
No one can do it for me.
Carol Burnett
I think A is Ezra.
I know crazy, right?
I suspected him since day 1.
Maya could be an accomplice.
Cinco De Mayo.
It's not a Mexican Holiday, ya know, but still, go have fun doctornking Tequila and wearing a Sombrero and pretending it is.
:
Austin's amount of Mahomies is growing.
I like a girl, she loves me as a friend and hanging out with me but the question is, does she LIKE me?
RT for answers please.
M, loving Scandinavia this year too  Tooji  Loreen!
Russia is always hilarious, haha!
There's lots of good ones, esp.
Serbia!
The next blog post is coming soon, featuring a guest blogger!
She'll talk about social media mishaps!
the look my neighbor just gave me in the elevator affirmed that, yes, he can hear me singing madeup lyrics to silly melodies thru the walls
Just finished my 50th batch of indexing  yeah!
GL: my colleagues see in New Orleans..unchallenged power becomes base for wrongdoing everywhere.
Asian Am scholarship attacked
aww lol i've talked to like 3 mahomies that live outside the US today haha i hope he does a world tour for you guys :
Sounds like a great idea.
RT : I'm thinking the first day of spring should be celebrated with a full plate of fried chicken.
last night was bunk af
Thanks to
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
I'm so tired...
I think I'm going to pass out when I get off work tonight.
Coffee not even helping...
Calgon take me away...
Sorry Corbett  expect some massive speedups next week
The Black Keys live at the tonight!
Stop in  see us
The DPS webpage was hacked recently.
We are working on getting it back up and running ASAP.
I'll let you know the second it's working again!
Had my Nap now Im Super Bored!!!
WtD???
Hm
more of a fat cat comment generally
I don't use textbooks  but even in compiling readers, I try to make sure to use as many open texts as possible
That would be epic daytime doctorma.
im following u hon;
I'm having the same problem.
:P
Good Morning Young World and all who inhabit it :
aye text me idk if I got the right  for you
nyc is on fire tonight with dj's eleven and moma at the Good Spot party at CV.
Mtv movie awards!!
teamtwilight yeahh buddy!!
Thank you for the follow!
Would you like us to send you a free bookmark?
Please email to
Thank the man upstairs for another day..lil wayneyeahh on repeat
venting over the phone
: FF New England's Newest Hitmakers...
Yea!!
Thanks dude!!
Nothing.
There is no such thing as a generation.
Might as well use astrology.
2/4 Dessert Special: Chocolate Cheesecake with Raspberry Sorbet
If you don't know now you know
I think it's nap time..
traffic already backing up on Harrison for uic LAS commencement
BAHAHAHAHAHA!
Omg!
I can't even deal!
Do you wanna move in with me?
Go Brew Crew!!!!!
No way!
My mom thinks it's a total load of crock.
The four of us turned out well, and we all find her cool...
so, you're good.
Wolf gang wolf gang wolf gang or die
RT : ??
Chuck Bass.
Im trying to Sleep Caroline!!
I love seeing people who I haven't seen in forever.
What's the weirdest thing a roommate can do?
Today wd be a great day for a bike ride in the park.
But the only pedals I'll be using are on the organ.
Looking forward to practicing tho.
has found myself.
Sadly, it is awake.
Taylor Swift jam out...
haven't done this in so long :
I've been to many baseball games, thank you!
I know its navy yard, just fun to mess with you pauly n!
im on that status, this machine guns course and muy thai training is doctorining me..
Your on that empress status lol lame
Yay!
I now have 4500 subscribers on !
I would like to thank !
:
At woodgrillbuffet with the whole family!
wrong.
It's all about Chinese 3
I didn't win.
TOTALLY in shock.
:/
I'm in
New Years
If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately
Thx for exc talent tactics  takeaways!
Now on emplr brand: mix of created  crafted?
Perfect!
I'll see if I can wear it for a scene in the web show I'm doing, Thank you!!
Maurice Sendak was one of my all time favorites.
I'm sad to hear he passed.
whats everyone doing today...I have 3 more days till school starts again..have to gear up to start programming again
Beautiful day for a doctorve.
Unless it includes the 101/405 interchange.
How about that 405LINE, ?
: Come to Vegas!
Aha ;p
schoolmemories overdosing on caffeine pills and having heart palpitations every week...
Carpet can make a bedoctorom feel cozy and comfortable.
It's much nicer to step out of bed onto a soft carpet than onto a hard floor!
Sorry may not be good enough for what I've DONE but please forgive me
My honor student just got detention for writting an inapproprate rap at school.
I'm so proud :
Great food tonight!
Had great company too!
with 
I WANNA MEET
I got this
Great news, BLF is a much more enjoyable venue.
JB, why you no let me buy your song?
I waited up...
A good way to get traffic for your website is by writing a useful widget that links back to you.
You can use widgetbox to publish.
Thanks anyway man!
When you coming by?
Haven't seen you in a while.
LOL!
RT : Best Feeling Ever  Watching your ex downgrade.
Cmon boys Crawford is playing his heart out.
Give him some help!
Good for them.
Dateline Friday!
It's how I wrap up my Friday night.
Great storytelling.
well i doubt if there is one in new mexico lol
Special exhibition at Porsche Museum celebrating 60 Years of Porsche Clubs
what up shawnna
Looks like our twitter page was hacked!
I apologize to anyone who received strange messages which looked like they were from us!
It is so hot outside!
I just got an email from twitter reminding me to tweet.
So here it is
About to watch The Silence of The Lambs for the first time ever.
I hope I can sleep tonight
Thanks.
And double thanks for sending our way.
He's the greatest.
Went to CVS.
No one at the front because they have doityourself checkout.
All employees are huddled in back of store gossiping.
Great insight and resource
Thanks for the follows all!
Talking about Listserv w .
Horror story about an out of office situation that sent over 200 replies.
LOL
Creative entrepreneurship: Create a job/work; find a customer.
School then work,,,,
haha I feel like I look like I'm 10 in those pics !
Haha
thanks for all the RTs and shoutouts!!
Free doctornks til 10 pm right now!!
Everyone and all serving you is
i bought some yesterday..can't wait to run with you in one month!!!
moon looks like it's been painted in the sky.
I'm quite stunned
i know it's hard to watch golf on tv but did anyone see what tiger did yesterday ?
words can't really describe it.
amazing is a good word.
It doesn't matter.
Do you wanna get beat by the Heat or Celts??
Great Yankees game tonight, wait all weekend!
did you kno chuck norris farted once.
it was called the manhattan project lol
Not stabbing tickets after you already sold them kitchenpetpeeves memorabilia ?
alright...
I'll run some miles w/ you all.
Would be great as supported training run.
I'll reg as it gets closer
I'm happy to live in a country where I can stay home all day and enjoy a Saved By the Bell marathon.
I have a question?
Can consumers buy direct?
Glasses look great!
looool  twitter doctorma
Boozer u are worst NBA player no D , ugly shot , no Heart !!!!!
U Suck Chicago Bulls over pay u !!!
I hope u gone next season
Dear wine, I missed you most of all while I was on lots of pain meds and a muscle relaxant.
Dear neck, please get better.
Commission public input hearing tomorrow night at 6pm at the State Capitol Room 4203.
If anyone wants to attend a special Breathe Carolina show at the AOL office tonight, follow  RT the contest tweet
Aw dang!
: That sux!
Spencer loves he's sweaters.
This ones a little big and makes him look tiny lol
8 to 16 inches of snow tonight although beautiful will put a damper on my plans for the next 2 days.
Bo
The first step, my son, which one makes in the world, is the one on which depends the rest of our days
Today's Dental Tip: Remember to replace your toothbrush  or electronic toothbrush head  every few months.
One thing that surprises me is that historians of ideas downplay fear of military character so much.
SO to 300.
Who's it gonna be?
You?
if only i had a phone with a camera.
i would totally take a picture of this guy sleeping at the library
He'll be Jimmy Carter times ten.
I'm looking for interns or volunteers to help out the Hollywood Jammers Pro Basketball team.
If you have a specialty , please email me.
Yay, congratulations to our own for being named a 2012 CSR professorssional of the Year by Way to go Sonia!
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Evan Davis
How the hell did I agree to read three 100 page undergrad theses by midApril?
Amazing VMA this year!
Congrats to all winners!
:
It is a good time to try lots of new and different things
Expect a whole day tomorrow of excitement, nothing can bring me down
You win!
Nice work, DM us your size and addoctorss!
I want to move into Hobby Lobby.
Peace out, Michaels!
So happy we finally have one in Vegas.
I do need a second job :
Jones about to beast out
Metaphor for Networked Leadership: A net can lose a link or two, a rope just breaks.
Glad you liked the game : bummer that it was buggy for you.
What did it do to your taskbar?
People give me shout outs I need to get more followers !
:
Always interesting: Orabrush YouTube Case Study: Screw Viral Videos
Will do and thanks for the mention as well.
RT : Looking forward to another great show in Vegas.
Was just kidding on the blog!
Sorry if it caused you anxiety.
If by the end of today, we're still talking about and not the tsunami, he's definitely
For those who saw the SAG awards  SCORSESE!!!!
Happy Easter everyone!
Wishing you all a beautiful day surrounded by loved ones
Watch for the opportunities for doing things, for there is nothing well done but what is done in season.
ÆSOP
Ibelieve that excellence is an attitude and thus strive to show my students,by example,that we must welcome and weigh criticism Michael Yard
TONIGHT: Pineapple Jacks.
New tunes and classics.
485 Spencerport Rd in Gates.
Bring your west side gumar!
www.digglersbridge.com
Thanks for the support!
Big UPS on the choons!
Had to say that because people are just to damn sensitive these days about dumb stuff.
Responsive web design: same URL, same code, same content; design  layout adapts to screen width automagically
I appreciate your support so much!
I'm really thinking about starting one now!
Acting like a baby is supposed to be a sexy roleplay!?
That's just dumb oh there's nothing better than changing shitty diapers!
bahaha
Thanks so much for your support!!
:
Me, too!
Big week ahead  happy Monday New Yorkers!
Don't get caught in the rain!
I actually use G more than twitter now, but for completely different purposes
I know I think I may cry if it was.
but tomorrows episode seems so good
Some exciting news about a windowspace...
Think you can guess what it is before we spill the beans tomorrow?
It's a new week stop saying
I predict theo and tito are in chicago next season...but what do I know about baseball.
It's in Wellington, Florida right near West Palm Beach!
:
So great!
I wonder where else they are in the city...
Just signed for for 's cmtraining and catching up on my first two sessions  looking forward to learning from other com managers!
GOrillas!
Have fun today!
Show me your horse and I will tell you what you are.
That Junior Seau 911 call man....wow.
Back in Paris for the weekend to shop the flea markets with clients.
If you're in town let me know!
Also holding a giveaway later today!
aye giirl aye ; and chilling you?
Please Follow !
They are amazing!!
nope never.
This just woke me' up lol is your phone dead?
OMG your so cool because you claim that you smoke weed
no you don't
I think ne'er do wells are certainly not hopeless  they just need nudges in productive directions
yes we heard it :
your welcome.
: 
Sitting in the airport pretending that I don't do accidental tweets anymore.
When falls asleep on the phone  
What a dazzlingly spectacular evening.
Anyone up for getting outside?
Football.
Soccer.
Kickball.
Anything.
I know  w/ WW it's just a matter of access.
Re: BE, pilot didn't grab me, but I'll give it a 2nd shot.
It is in our spiritual blindness that we convince ourselves that we can live life by our own strength and understanding.
James P.
Gills, M
Eastern rattlesnake slithers closer to U.S.
endangered list: BIRMINGHAM, Alabama  The eastern diamondback rattlesnake, Nor...
At focus on visitors session discussing our best and worst experiences as visitors
Like the new pic?
Big, creepy eye!
Assembly dems gather to announce what is assured to be passage of min.
Wage bill.
This as prospects in senate for bill have not brightened
PreOrders for TA  T2 have begun!!!
W.radiantrecords.com
agreed!
I've been hesitant about getting back into making vids because I'm not sure what I have offer is unique enough.
:/
That's nothing new.
I already saw BenHur
I have been so blessed this week!
lots of auditions and shot a television show and short film!
: Bring on Monday!
Are you replacing it with a new dslr?
You need to keep up.
Mister no work tomorrow.
Love is a huge part of life.
Embrace it full of hope and with good intentions.
People are only scorned when the above doesn't happen.
who says writing isn't better sex?
I am a sexy substitute teacher for Paul Mattingly at the doctorp in before SET, 6 to 8 at the Onyx.
Favorite lyric ever?
On the way to lunch, we took a peek at the Great Hall abuzz with activity in preparation for tonight's MetGala!
The amazing tv producer Bill D'Elia just tweeted at me.
So excited for to start!!
Best.
Comment.
EVER!
Hahaha thank you for sharing that with us!
don't know if it's what you imagined when you started it, but Mahalo has become my goto place for anything breaking
Never wear shorts to Publix.
Can't really tell if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
You should probably stop going to that restaurant.
: 
RT It's not knowing the answers that really matters, it's knowing the right questions to ask.
i told you from experience
I take that back, this month marks the one year anniversary of the band.
Holy shit that's insane
Santorum doctorpped out of the race.
Excuse me while I run my Victory Mile.
good way to start a marriage off right.
just don't tell my wife I said that.
;
Im watching you right now on younow !
RT 3
lol thanks girl love you too!!!
A full moon tonight..
SayyWhat Are They Trying To Take The Boyz Away From Us??
This Is Just BS..!
Mann FML
umm no.
I effin hate bowling.
how about laser tag?!
Lol
unacceptable.
Have I taught you nothing??
Disgrace...
I need you to be Michael Meyers tonight.
Straight body the pistons.
Sigh .
Im not having a good morning.
brunette nao guise k
No this dude is not walking by mockingbird bird lane and 35
RT : Possibly the most wonderful thing about America is its robust tradition of internal critique.
To be critical is to be at...
I need two more golfers on my team for the tournament Friday morning
or sometimes they get eaten by chipmunks.
We are now offering Pet Meds via our website!
Check it out!
It's so he can rip off Patrice O'Neal's last special.
Can't sleep.
Knee hurts.
:/
I've donated my time here,so many wonderful animals that need loving homes, please consider adoption and make your life better!
Death and Decline of craft in music.
Wallpaper  Fucking Best Song Ever
It's gonna feel real good to be in my own!
love melissa!
fun ahead: my disstn proposal: kids' writing online?!
hope you'll be in jacksonville  LRA.
always inspiring..
aw : we'll have double the fun for you passing out free condoms in the Castro tonite!
Hang in there, Jacoby.
All the best from Red Sox Nation in NYC.
I do sometimes, but it depends on how closely I follow the person giving the recommendation.
Any suggestions for moms?
Smiling when i take pictures in public:
Had my first week collab beer, Cheeky Yinzer.
Nice job and
Thunder Alley tomorrow?:
go lakers last night..just wakin up to another hazy day in LA..
earthquake felt at eastman dental roc cool!
Not getting my permit until junior year because I'm a loser and my birthdays in September.
Fml.
Heading to the heartland.
What are the coolest fundoctorising events you've heard of?
Brainstorming for an NP I'm on the board of...
Can't is the pupa of never tried!
haha my mom wants to work for me ;
Playing poker and losing
What's the first dance move you ever learned?
just until midday, then back to London.
:
Back to Bakersfield today f i hate it there.
Realize that theres a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them.
bought her album today.
love her sound.
haha no im not a spammer, just trying to spread the word to stopp bullying
you still have to tell us how we know if we got mg for the NYC show!
:
Thank you, I tried really hard, haha.
The people watching in the library is phenomenal during finals season
Ever need to just let one rip but afraid the smell will linger?
No problem.
i miss US
I love my dutchies doe RT : ha RT : fuck em both...
Bong and / or bowl my G
Wootwoot, it's my womb evacuation day ;D
Tabling Cherry Hill Branch until 3:30!
Come visit and grab some candy when you volunteer!
:
I put you in my Bio , so you know its real !
I have found that the best motivator is to have a project in mind, then figure out what you need to do the project.
I've been doing that all day with selena lmfaooooo B
Modern Republican mantra No.
1: ...and that the US tax code of the rich, by the rich, for the rich, shall not perish from the earth.
Studio One!
Studio Two.
Studio One!
Studio Two.
Studio One!
Studio Two.
Oh Yeah.
Larpers with light sabers in Washington Square Park.
Oh the simple pleasures.
On our way to a writing workshop with Ronne Hartfield.
Can't wait!
Okay...NOW I'll start my final paper.
whatsapp bro?!?!
HEHE..Heatbread play in my country in June..;
CC has 90 pitches so far.
Lackey probably has way more.
Just had a great meeting with Volunteering for Little Haiti team.
Fired Up!
Ready to Go!
slayed her performance on Idol tonight.
According to a new CEIR report, a majority of young professorssionals attend exhibitions to acquire knowledge.
Networking is 40.
Facebook is NOT an innovator.
They're copycats in everything they do.
Bloggers are journalists, yes we are!!
New questions and answers page on GoingStraight.com.
Sipping on a Oktoberfest on tap in Sacto.
Now this tastes like October!
Thank you for your support last night at our first event!
: I just landed in Boston please for the love of god don't go to the 100th anniversary tomorrow
Now back to the code.
Aaahh my friend PHP, a welcome sight indeed.
Thanks for following!
Anyone else going to the breakfast tomorrow morning?
miss you!
we always say we are gonna hang and it never happens!
Text me sometime pretty lady!
Words I want to hear after sex: ....
Can't wait for you to hear our new song Move The Man at Ground Zero on FRIDAY!
Different from anything else we've written.
so fun to play.
Getting my brain looked at with fmister yeee
Of course!
And thank you for writing about us!
RT Thanks for your help with our article!
generocity.org/news/171
You ever fell outta Love?
For sure, we'll definitely do that.
a very very cool guy that I'm following :
Strate up n down multimedia ent coming june 9th to the bull city.
One stop shop for your music n video production, graphics and duplication
Yeah, I retweet alot, get over it.
I have to get braces this summer!
I wish people would text me during school.
I'm so bored!
are you looking in a mirror;
Reviewing for the AP Gov test...
It's still early but maybe I can support the Astros this year
got to see Christi U.
in Real Life!
Do you have Talmud references re: executions?
I'm making a doc film about a Jew in FL who was executed in 2010.
May be helpful.
We're honored!
Denver Westword just asked us to nominate bands for their Showcase.
my question.
why do like keek so much?
Its like youre forgetting where you got started at
loves her professorle picture and backround that Kaimi made for me love her so much
we would skype yall but opened my computer the other night and it was dead left the charger in Ohio.
Hey, where's my follow up voicemail ?!
: IS pinterest's fashion for men.
I'm flattered that you would say that!
Haha
Lol I hear ya!
Guess I should follow your example!
GEEBZ hits 60 degrees and people are out mowing their lawn!
Hardly the same thing there 'piraterob'.
What are you a slave to besides your ideology?
well i got to spend time with my former bff ari smith.
that explains a lot mayneee!
So tired.
Kept falling back asleep.
I have a test and a quiz :
that shit don't make any sense wtf is wrong with ppl
Your Love?!
Great song!
Also....
I'm rather disapointed because I may not be making it to your acoustic set.
Good day in chicago!
I need to come down here more!
Practice Loving someone today.
IM NT HERE TEW PLEASE PPL.KUZ PPL WELL NEVA B SATISFIED.
A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.
I know u don't smoke weed, I know this, but Imma get you high today cause it's Friday u ain't got no job and u ain't got shit to do Friday
my pants are so baggy and comfy it kinda feels like im wearing nothing at all
Remember ppl SMILE!!
GIFTED MINDS SELLING 5 RAFFLE TICKETS !
FOR A CHANCE TO WIN IPAD 3 WE DELIVER THEM ANYWHERE !!
inbox me for more info!!
People hesitate to report ethical breaches for two reason, fear of retaliation and fear of futility.
Be fearless!
oh no!
Deceived by the pala2011 stream!!!
I will save my fan girl moment for ala2012!!
I put the plese back in sleep.
I also put the etard back in retard..
Go cop this...
I even the TO show
Psalm 3:3 3 But you, O Lord, are a shield about me,my glory, and the lifter of my head.
thanks.
that's good to know
Brew at the Zoo is only two week away, reserve your place now.
is home
You're welcome.
I hope you checked out the grading rubric PDF linked to in the story.
I found it interesting.
They are indeed.
To equate them to doctorg dealers is incendiary and untrue and hurts an already damaging national dialog.
had the veggie sandwich at firstthursdays in sanpedoctor.
Very nice!
The tofu was delicious.
Listening to good music on a rainy day, keeps the tyranny of my mind at bay.
RoadWarriors RT : So the Kings are 60 in road playoff games thus far.
That's incredible.
Yahh get to see  again!!!
RT : My mom's Prius starts with the push of a button.
Maybe she's Wiz Khalifa?
of which season?:o
it's too bad doesn't let people make their own baseball cards
A good manager is a man who isn't worried about his own career but rather the careers of those who work for him.
H.
S.
M Burns
What a crazy New Years Eve party!
We'll have all the pics coming at you soon.
you're welcome.
Glad you liked it!
thanks.
i want this to b a main focus
but not really, he's gorgeous.
Hey recent users of SpoonerSpot: What do you like about the site?
What should we add?
Oh and if you haven't signed up yet:...
Offer Mother39s Bumpers Cereal Peanut Butter 123Ounce Pack of bumpers cereal
Your New Classmate is Yaaaaaay!!!!!
Haha
Would anyone write a biography about you?
I hate when people change completely in social situations.
Anyone who had the over in the Yankees game  like me for example  is pretty psyched about losing by 1/2 a run last night.
Real joke.
I think you underestimate Harper's career totals.
logo Quality Logo Products Donates Proceeds of Calendar Sales to TAILS Humane Society
I'm looking forward to trying it, at first I thought it was just for men, but it's getting so many raves by women!
I cant stand dat weak ass brother of mines!
seriously best idea ever
you better stay at buchholz.
or the L in YOLO won't be in your future.
Realtalk don'tleave therecan'tbeonlyonejenn
All parts of ourselves deserve to be seen, heard  embraced by those who love us.
What part of you are you hiding?
This show is coming up fast!
will be performing at The Polish Club on Sunday!
Tickets are only 8!
Political Science professorssor sent out an email that he posted midterm scores, congrats to the student who got 100 ....
ME!!!
Being tall is hard.
Sometimes I wish I was short.
RT : IT'S PRIZE TIME!
Who will be the winner of Relief Eye Cream  Pure Cloud Cream?
i swear i love you
While the dust still settles in Egypt...
Selfdoubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
Hello, and thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio...
Hope you're having a great day!
We're picking new schools for the year, any ones you'd like us to expand to?
I am in Dublin to play the Norwegian Championships of Poker!
But as usual with no luggage!
BA or Air Lingus messed up :

are good that way.
will be at the twitter helm next week.
Um, just rapped for/about me.
He's lucky he's cute or that might have just been embarrassing.
But for real?
I loved it.
I give up on mittens and texting.
This extra credit is due at 10 and I'm not done with it yet.
So I'm not coming : sorry girls!
Don't hate me!!
If you're black acting white you're an Uncle Tom.
If you're gay acting straight, you're a Gay Uncle Tom2012 Quote of the Year
He still thinks you are together?
great !!
How are you thanks for listening :
Like to hunt?
Write?
Make a video?
is looking for testers.
Part of it is a free Mitt for you!
Tell us on our FB page, why you!?
Welcome to the movement
Great game today, wasn't it!
The Yankee/BoSox rivalry is the best.
My condolences to :D
But it's empty....
You know what's gonna be funny about the end of this game?
All will blame LeBron for this loss when Wade was MIA.
The email exchanges in 50 Shades were funny...
I've gotten the workflow so efficient that we keep running out of maps to scan.
Transformers Car Club in process!
:
When i get these braces off..i want a bottom piece..and i dont care how old grills are
birch it was u
True story!
Happening now!
Feeling sick :
My body sore i really need a body massage..any takers?
then do it PUSSY RT : I wanna tell her how I feel.
How many times can you say: dig, offthetop, release, open face carve, maneuver, paddle battle, etc.
Vegas in a week :
RT : My resolutions for and day were just adopted by the Council.
I challenge you to a duel in poker..texas hold'em?
Im from az so lets battle!
UGH...got nothing else.
Thanks for keeping me uptodate...even if it is bad news.
:
How do you know what 12year old boys do in the shower?
Naughty.
Thanks little sister :
i'am about to unfollow you and and your boyfriend and your sister  brother if you cant STFU about you love life!
Woohoo!
Will spread the news!
Loved chatting with you both.
Lv, Ferris
she wrote that album when she was heart broken
The picture and just posted may possibly be the best picture in the world.
Team X 88, big week.
Let's get those preorder of antiaging product in!!!
Tonight's Grades: UW C, Crowd D, Refs F
woah!!!
I never wanted MM's more in my life!!
no.
Not at all.
Hot and windy.
Glad I am working.
9to5
preciate the follow
whatifindattractive A 17 year old Canadian.
Justin doctorw Bieber
Most of my jour111 students are also on the college newspaper staff.
Today is publication day.
Having flashbacks of the
omg!
Wait.
I just remembered that my laptop has the wrong time so it's not the 16th yet!
lol!
wondering where your undies are
aw thanks!
:
hey wats up
I wanna be with my baby
Really sad...
The academics apparently don't view commemoration to be important or interesting.
I got through the coffee doctorve thru  will pay for the car behind meI imagine how I would feel if someone did that for me!
I believe in The Hawks.....N.O.
is good but I think we got this, this year......
I LOVE THE 206!!!!
not all of them
Welcome back!
MT Chelsea vs barca got goalfest written all over it, looking forward to tasty challenges in first 15.Treat yrslf
Wow I just noticed all of my friends have boyfriends, besides me and my best friend Hannah...
Definitely want to see Kentucky get this ship.
BOOKING for April!
We have some dates open and need to fill them!
Shoot us a message for details on how to bring us to your city.
An exboyfriend, but doubt he wld be willing as he has no sympathy with feminism.
I've read abt politician called Emma.
appreciate that mayne...
I'm a mirror!
But woman, not man!
:p
Iknow!
I love u:doctor : I love how me and have gotten so close 3 :
I love you both:
COOL day at Miami Edison Middle School.
Its field day and my kids know that I was a D1 football player, so it's gonna be
I want to work on Sunday.
hehe: thanks love you too!!
3
On average, Americans hold seven to eight different jobs before age 30
The Yanks r beast, I thought it was a done deal and turned back a half hour later and damn.
Let's go boys!!!!
I think Kobe believes his bench looks like nothing but full of Kobes, which is why he thinks he'll win.
mines is cookies and cream
Proud of WKU Hilltoppers 3 wins in 3 days now in sunbelt championship game tomorrow night
Things are beautiful if you love them.
Jean Anouilh
M what shall I wear for tonight????
odds of Quade coming back in '12?
eating kid cuisine
Studio time!!!!!
Know any great musicians who need studio time?
Pass this along to your friends...
Songwriting contest...
The John Axford of closing boots
Merry Christmas to all!
Traveler
.
thinks 115K jobs/mo is an apocalyptic .
number...average jobs/mo under GW Bush and Rep Congress?
About 66K
for coming!!!
So great to see you and Adoctoranna!
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Soak it all in, because tomorrow is everybody's least favorite day: SelfConscious Wednesday.
So excited to have you at the music video shoot Monday.
Can't wait to see all the pictures you take.
You Rock lil D!
In Sacramento, city has a deal with Kings for an arena, and, poof!
then they don't.
No deals in KC, just a nice dinner for Mario Lemieux.
Root 4 KU RT Choosing to root for the Missouri Tigers was the worst decision I ever made.
They will never win anything.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 6
I over think things way too much...
Happy Wednesday Eve :
Yes, I'm mad!!!!
How can you just sit there and tell me I can't do what I live for anymore?
I might as well stop breathing.
Journey before destination
lol thank you!
I had to cheat I didn't know anything
RT : I need thee oh I need thee!
You too can have this track.
Visit cdbabycom
Flyers should be embarrassed by their lazy effort!
Deserve to lose!
I always wanted JoMo to enter to Five to One by the Doors.
ah well, I guess everything tastes good to her then!
A lot of people participating in stopped by yesterday.
Enjoy Portland and have fun, everybody!
i now freken love tweets
okay, alrighty sorry i just didnt want to distract you from work.
: You should've come with us!
Well, inviting me would've been nice...
rain puts people in the mood ........
to take a lonq nap :
I'm not I'm just stating tha facts c:
I love my mom and I'm so grateful I get to see her everyday.
I appreciate everything she's done for me.
Happy Mother's day mommy 
learning things new and old about Wordpress
Maroon 5 and Foster the People pay tribute to the Beach Boys.
No, I'm not making this up.
I hope you feel better
Thank you is a brilliant and entertaining blogger and it was a great reminder to purge the bad practices with email!
Diabetes is leading cause of new cases of blindness in those ages 20 and over.
PBA encourages you to Live Right, Save Sight!
love it!
skype only comes up when you forget to call me back
Terrell Owens is on doctor Phil, dude has fallen all the way off.
Lemon tea  vocal rest.
Very peaceful :
At the end of the third, Cards remain on top, 3814.
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when guys add you on Facebook trying to get at you but they start asking so many ?s like its a job interview!.
We count it as support, and we appreciate it!
I totally heard your intro to your cd on a commercial last night!!!
Cotto is doing pretty well through 2
That said I was not the only man in there.
And no the other guy wasn't
please follow me I've never stopped loving yal please follow back!; me gusta mikey
It's all sunny already.
Please contact me directly so we can look into any photos in question.
Thanks.
Merci!
Katya Leonovich is a Russian Couture rockstar.Images and stories to come!
The umpire just wanted to go home.
Ludwick didn't go around.
Knowledgeable baseball fans could see that.
I heard your coming to visit possibly in the summer?:
Can miles truly separate you from friends...
If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
I'd like to welcome to my block party....come back anytime!
Lol For real though, it was good seeing you man.
I have a feeling I'll be able to relate to it as much as For The Love of a Daughter.That song is like spot on to my life.
I love girls who like to doctornk but I set the bar cuz if you're doctornker than me how are we going to get back to your place?
Everyone !!!
Have a great day.
Don't work too hard.
Get the Designer look, without the Designer Price Tag We are factory direct with 300 vendors and can get the look for half the price!
I know that I can make it; I that I can stand no matter what may come my way my life is in your hands.
ForgivingAndTryingToForget
We deliver on Thanksgiving day until 3pm!
Order our yummy treats today for your feast.
Only one week till Thanksgiving :
Hey party people!
Are we havin' fun?!
haha freakin hot pockets
Maybe we should think about our own lives and not anybody's else.
Maybe we'd better off that way.
awesome!
Whenever's possible for you.
No i'm CRYING MY EYES OUT PLZ DON'T SAY IT /3 :'ILYShawty3
nice.
so wat type of job do u wanna have?
Before you see what no one sees, before I let my heart go free, tell me that you want me like I want you.
Randy Rogers Band
Up in the gym getting ready for Fl...
Bumping makes my hour of cardio fly by
Time Warner Cable to Carry Four STAR TV Channels
I miss you too3
im telling mistergreen on u
Wig'nz shoulda went to the coner of Tropicana and Kovel and hooked up with Pablo he got some good shit make u stay up all night.
herworld in Los Angeles was excited the hear that will be speaking to 900 girls U R Awesome
S.H.O.U.T.O.U.T to allmy lovely followers your tweets make my day :
Maybe going to Sparta for High School
Champagne Sunday's are in full effect!
Come check it out for yourself!
We appreciate the Poised Creation follow on Twitter!!
:
can'T wait ti have you.
Every day is teacher training.
so mind telling us how to get tickets or where it is??
T.T I wish it was tomorrow at one already.
I feel so neglected.
thank you lacie!
we're glad to have helped your coif
maybe it was shoe envy!
don't do it man, i can help you out with it if you want a website
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Tommy Boy
Download our free App  you can listen to the games on your cell phone.
We are approaching 20,000 downloads so join the crowd
85 ill take it.
And she wanted to give an A.
ImMadBecause I didnt save my project for my video class and my computer just crashed...
Not going to history romorrow.
putting the kids to bed and then having a beer in honor of braun's innocence.
: CANNOT WAIT for the season to start.
Go Brewers!
im watching you
Great calls today with some leaders in the industry, looking forward to visiting 1on1 with more over the next few weeks
great job today.
Can't imagine your joy.
Good luck next week!
unlikely, but cell phones give off enough radiation to spark a flame.
static electricity is also a concern when pumping gas.
I think human intention can buy us more friends, not the means :
try wing house
I saw so many good papers and posters it's hard to decide on just one.
Epistle to the Ecotopians
: have you visited Jimmy's or seen Billy?
Me  nostalgic.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
What if I told you I'm not saying its aliens, but ALIENS
Yay!
LMFAO!
What a GREAT surprise!
thanks for putting beautiful music out into the world!
RT : Wow  Yahoo!'s server buildings based on chicken coops.
Energy efficient,...
Thanks!
I love your recent Portraits in Preservation  I worked with Peter Verheyen this summer at Syracuse.
Just saw a marrigage proposal on jerry springer
Tyler....sigh
BasicEconomics  People will demand more at lower prices and less at higher prices.
If something is free, what will the demand be?
how have you not commented on the Celtics shooting 6 for 24 that quarter?
It is clearly your favorite phrase
So excited for our Hunger Games program at this afternoon!!
What the hell was David LaChappelle on?
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful, loving and caring mothers out there.
I hope your kids are making you feel as special as you are.
Twitter is gonna be my Vision Board.
christopher mcquarrie.
Just sayin'...
Thanks for the mention!
I love it when homeless people tell me they love my hair!
oh man ok good I thought I was the only one lol it's really really hard and confusing I have no idea how to even start
Friends with benefits 
thank goodness for sisters who visit on rough wednesdays...
good for my 3
hey pooorque u.u
thank you for postponing the keystone pipeline!!
Grocery is supposed to be a good pick up spot, though I don't understand why.
I'm going to go look into this situation and report back.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Left another dent in this city last night with , a fan favorite.
Okay!!!
Mine is on my home page thing, too:
SO HYPED think I got 100
doctor is bad news.
Big reason I don't have a Kindle or Nook.
Roll on roller coaster we're one day older and one step closer
Imagine You're having a fight with Niall.
You're just about to go when Niall takes your hand.
His voice breaks:''Please don't leave me.''
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans
Happy birthday David Sedaris.
55 today.
Just heard it mentioned on the radio,
Sick sick sick.
Boo hiss.
I don't do sick very well, too much of a classic ADHD type, stir crazy.
i knew
I'm Bout To Goo Homee Yooo .
o la la you have date?
: 40 yo momma still play wit remote control cars?
Lmao.
Chill..
I hate you for not letting me have you!
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to One Tree Hill online streams on HD
New on DVD and BluRay: Priest, Something Borrowed, Hoodwinked Too!
Hood vs Evil, Jane Eyre, The Conspirator  More!
Thumbs Up or Down?
Waiting for the GOP endorsement from latin builders.
Some R mad MittRomney a noshow.
We'll see.
All of this technology is making women more insecure than ever before.
Ling
all your scars won't heal till you let go.
you're perfectly worth it, forget your mistakes.
awh cutie c:
Jesus says: Will your heart and soul say yes...will your Spirit still say yes?
There is more that I require of thee
Cruz control!
NO!!
My favorite show!!!!
threw her in the chipper cause i aint feelin chipper, she be sleepin with the fishes, swimming with the flippers.
i rarely am...
for whatever reason the chitownm meet was WAY out there.
do u work at bobchinns or something?
yo quis good game last night bro reminded me of '06 mavs
Where are you Andoctor wanna know
My headphones are like my own personal DO NOT DISTURB signs..
In fact.
I would like to thank all the teachers who inspired, helped, nutured, and made me a better person.
That awkward moment when a package says easy open..
And you end up using scissors, knife, hammer, 5 shots from a gun and a lightsaber.
With all the dead celebrities recently...
BIO should start a show called 'Celebrity Autopsy.'
NO I'm not Fat I'm cool...
Like a cooler.....
nothing wrong with that.
hard not to root for a RedSox/Braves world series.
My devil's on speed dial every time I take a wrong direction.
text me qurlllll ;D
I think divorce is extreme.
Every marriage has it's rough times.
Have you been told your child needs eartubes?
Hear what doctor Magit has to say, TODAY at 9am on SD 6 San Diego Living!
We love sexlena
2 professorSSIONAL BARBER THINNING HAIR CUTTING SCISSORS : thinning hair
F Cheater!
Had the nerves to accept that award after he got caught.
Looks like we've got a situation, that's what the sitch says in the intro to the shore, there's no more Ted's door only
lessexcitingbandnames The Stationary Stones
Being alone in a Tinychat is freakin' awkward.
.
One more day left in our 21day challenge.
How are our yogis doing?
How do you plan to celebrate your hard work  perseverance?
Congrats to Andy Celemens for winning the first TreasureTuesday Quick Fire challenge..
Well done
Not only did I find the candy store, but I also rediscovered the awesome French bakery nearby  found the liquor store NEXT DOOR!
I give up on you.
loving Fashion  Beauty blogger roundtable
If I feel like your text msg isnt saying anything..
Then i dont txt bck
youve known me for like 7 years...
You know i dont think like that..unless you invite me you know i wont be going..
NASC taking off!
If the potential isn't already apparent within 2 minutes of the open then it could prove even more to us throughout the day
Someone told me I look Asian
Wasn't me either!
There can't be a triplet...Indy is too small for 3 Keesling gals
I think that you are in love, enjoy it while you can, I think he is smitten
maybe next time I'm in town!
Seeing progress in my work outs lets see what i look like when June comes
would've made the meeting and sandwich much more tolerable :
Blackburrrry Double Chocolate Brownie.
Get Two Beef, and or Polish Beef sausages for 6
ahaha another time ;
More writing with the guys tonight.
I can't wait til Thanksgiving!!!
Finally done with Finals, the stress and headaches can now be put on hold for the next 10 days..
Spring break here I come.
Hopes and doctorams?
lookin forward to our parade Saturday.
Gonna rest up Friday night.
Gonna be a big one!
Desire a nude discount vacation 100 per night Caliente Resorts
Happy Friday wilderness supporters!
Critically Acclaimed ENT is proud to add Young Bravo to the roster.
Big things coming.
Never heard a lyricist quite like this.
I find 's observation trueany government that wants data for national security will find the power to obtain it
It's not that I need someone just because it's Valentine's Day, it just reminds me of how lonely I get sometimes
I've been that person
i thought u had to work?
definatley...first doctoram on my list...LOL
Hi!
I just moved to San Diego, and stumbled on your REALLY funny Youtube video of your morning shake.
I'm an Isa Exec too!
Still plan on seeing the Avetts in September?
Building a syllabus...still building a syllabus...still building a syllabus...
Tomorrow is Friday the 13th
We wish we could of had Jeff Bridges sign us a bowling pin as 'The Dude' in honor of our favorite movie The Big Lebowski!
Why am I so tired
RT i 3 going to shows.
i just never have the opportunity to go....
We will be sending out our monthly newsletter.
We are giving 100 to the company that can predict the rockies season!!!
If I was Jack Dorsey I would punch Zuckerberg in the mouth.
He gets off with parole and can afford the lawsuit.
Now dats crispy wit tha blade
absolutely!
let's do it...when and where?
IWantToPunchPeopleWho say swag
IAm on a money making mission in my location..Dawgg
thank you!
ideas for our next contest??!?
will be flashing some goods to BeerCon attendants at Tap Haven.
Register now!
Philanthropists also buy TOMS.
Perhaps you should invest in a pair  coordinate Twinsies Day at the office w/
Beach or Galveston in the morning!
:D
You are quite welcome.
was the least I could do.
Fox news all the way happy new year
this can go on and on ; I was going with is the song good enough to make ANYONE sound good?
Hahah is It About Arby's??
I can already tell you that you are, it was so sad
Just 270 more Follows come on people we can do this!
835 pages?
well that should take care of one flight
Mindspike can improve your social marketing with our new media tactics.
Give us a call!
Rein in real estate speculators
Just hangin out in our hotel room : hbu?
I miss Aruba.
, when will it be time to go back?
most definitely...happy birthday PaigeTurco!
jealous.
Of.
Zingermans.
And hastac too.
Got home and David helped me carry my books.
I said: Thanks you're the best he then looks at me angry and says:momma, I'm not a pest!LOL
Im doctornk.
And I just stood next to Taylor for about 5 minutes while he doctornk some hanson beer.
I may never recover.
Hold yourself accountable, Hour by Hour.
sxsw wore me out already.
Happy weekend guys!
RT : rodney had a bullet head!
Not your type.
Eww.
haha!!!
Just ate some bread on top of my martinis.
Alcohol abuse.
I love the weather just before it starts to rain.
3 :D
If legislating who can get married is more important than helping people find/get/keep/create jobs, then your priorities are fucked up.
OH Every morning I just can't wait to get out of bed and start the day
He has not 'given in'.
He has no control over congress.
WhoIsIt?
Who's this girl Harry Styles is in a relationship with??
Hey looking forward to hearing Justefan Band on Friday!
Gonna be sweet!
um WOWZAAAAA!!!!
Teach me how to duggie please : BAM!
Today's writing motto: It isnt enough for your heart to break because everybodys heart is broken now.
Allen Ginsberg
wow :o lol
morning Kristy, yep gotta love this southern heat.
Wouldnt trade it for anywhere else.
Wait, did I miss something?
what happened to ?
I want in!
Also, I was really hoping Iloka would end up here.
won't be around forever
It lives up to all the hype, for sure.
So, yeah, welcome to Hell aka Baltimore.
I hate when ppl call me  put me on hold 5 seconds into the conversation!
Ugh why u even call?!
Caradine on Mental tonight, they didnt make any mention of his death.
No respect at all...
Boston needs a Nandos.
please?
x
Yes, the hosts time, expense  efforts should be reciprocated similarly w/ a desirable invitation of comparable value,
I was hoping you meant the exit.
Now that football season is over I have my Sundays back for photography Look out Cambridge MIXED DOUBLES QUILTING BEE
Thankyou for the retweets
There were 3 standing stones at the center of a wood.
Their grey skins were quiet with moss.
Not even the tallest trees knew their names.
really, is it that boring?:o
thebestwaytoleavefamilymoney is to make an account with their name on it and when you die they will have an inheritance just a thought
Thank u 4 following me if u r a mom Happy Mothers Day 2 u
D'ya think there are any of them Maynard bottles left  WF?
Everybody at school was either high or on crack....
either one same thing!
;
I'm not gonna sit up here and feed you my life story
Hey !
Happy OpeningDay !
Game of Thrones gets first win w/ best supporting doctorma actor to Peter Dinklage
aw!
I wish I was off
5 Questions From The NFL doctorft  CBS Charlotte
thank you :
UM...
i just saw the video for Whip My Hair and i think that girl needs to WASH her hair back and forth.
RT If I'm going to be successful,I'm going to be successful as myself,I can't be successful doing what other people are doing
I was gonna tweet about that yesterday we had too much damn fun Lmao
ah, okay.
i'll call tomorrow night then.
Enjoy your game
Ouch!!
Looks painful!
Thanks as always for having me.
Enjoy it.
On way to daytona 500 with !!!
neber been to nascar race b4.
I can't even feel my face rn...going to sleep okay bye.
slcwebinar diversity in your networks is key; correlation btw diversity and innovation
Badgers r listening to their BAD music before they take the ice for warm ups.
Watever happened to ACDC or GnR?
thank you 3
Tools,training, access  infrastructure Will they be delivered equitably?
All kids deserve resources to learn, live  thrive in 21stC.
sets sights on U.S.
networking Market, contact us if you would like to save some money on your current networking projects!
life Have you ever felt so strong that it made you feel weak?
Long days long nights and you just can't sleep.
How To Fly
If you are in MKE, look west.
I forecast 36 minutes of the most beautiful sky we could ever deserve.
Emma Clark in 2016 is a serious possibility on a presidential ticket.
Ya heard it here first folks.
killing it on TheLayover congratsawesome birthday gift today.
I KNOW!
I'm going to camp next time you guys go!
Good to meet you today!
Stop by GGU for a visit anytime.
....
Don't feel too hurt when I doctorve to Canada, pour my milkshake on your head and smack you.
right 2 focus on educ, especially 3rd grd literacy  but this will require strengthening IA's early childhood system
I have NEVER seen a hashtag get spammed this badly before.
Crazy.
Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy birthday to you.
Hope you're having a good day with lotsa doctornks!
Love yooh
2day was such a slow day at work, it was so slow the manager made us start decorating early for xmas, ugh I hate decorating!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Next Friday imma order them shorts
btw, apartment hunting is a war and I'm losing.
June is pretty tight w/ all the festivals and the hollywood fringe opening.
Will let you know if I can get down your way.
never doing a 6am flight again
.
wishes they were cool and mysterious like us!
I have so much more respect for you after today.
I love you so much macenzie I am going to get you a present :
No time besides AmisterP just get it done lol
PJIII is to RGIII as Big K soda is to CokeaCola
Did Zayn do a twitcam or something.
I miss everything.
Because you sendin me all these one word texts.
Many thanks to for KSN piece on ict2dc.
Thanks also to for the great chai, I mean, location for the interview.
Hey Carter, curious why you find the concept so crazy?
Even more curious about the outcome Bon appétit!
time for work!
I like it when you call me big papa ...
Oh wait ...
I wish theres like a day so i can wear my laker shoes, laker tshirt, laker hat, laker headphones !!!!
LALAKERS 3 RT if u agree !!
ah yes.
doctor Rhodes UCLA is an advisor for us.
Different set of rules when crimes happen abroad don't you think?
Or an owl.
when the hell are they gonna invent time machines??
manonthemoonbutnotimemachine ?
i wouldn't be shocked if they passed an ordinance that the poor need to breathe different air than everyone else
Wow, great pictures.
We're glad you stopped by!
So basically Braxton from the Jamie foxx show is a bum
Couple of students reporting that Mifflin moved to Langdon as a result of the police presence
no wonder it is beer o'clock before noon today!
You know I'd be there if I wasn't at work bro!
www.thevirtualpiano.com so.
much.
fun.
I love ur face and ur baseball team.
:
Ima Wild Girl!
Having a kind of night
Happy Valentines Day everyone ;D3
milk and oj sounds like a great concoction for getting diarrhea lol
yes.
All that noise is just the rearranging of their poker table
is sure busy in the twitter universe today :
awesome!
we hope to see even more up and coming directors and actors this year!
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
good morning Abs 
Everyone have a cute smile:
WFSAScriptTip If your characters seem to sound the same as eachother, step back and rewrite a bio for each, be very detailed and USE them!
How great is this, My 'puter on split screen: Twitter and ,  on TV.
This is the best of three worlds!
RT : There's now 7 Billion people in the world?
FML.
See me in the hood the Gangsters sayin wassup ?
Ayyyy ...
Nice!
These are for Opti790s, max 16GB.
Funny thing about running dev workbench VMs on your workstation  need more RAM!
enterprise app store talk....sounds familiar.
Funding levels are rising to run our doctoramAct ad in AZ this primary.
Help make it a reality!
Fire officials say a man in Lexington tried to commit suicide by ingesting cyanide, which prompted a HazMat response.
RT : Keep people out your personal business ...it's simple 
Don't change on me.
Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
Tupac Shakur
Yes How old are you?
usher  dot com jammin'
Just caught up on your tweets...
I clearly need to hear the rundown on your weekend!
This occasion calls for a cigar and a pint of Guiness
My mentions right now tho 
a repost in feed button would be nice!
Gettin back on that writing tip
this week is my fuckin week :D
Because if you don't go you just end up reading the heweb11 stream all day from your desk wishing you were there
followed you!
Follow me?
JakeVineyard
Go forth today victorious for there is nothing outside you that is more powerful than that which is within you.
Buying 's album Making Mirrors today.
Listened to every track online.
I MIGHT be obsessed.
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs, thank you for the incredible path you created in this world of technology that will be continuously followed built upon.
So high and I aint even Blazin.
My mom cries over ever damn show or movie
Cherry almond smoothie Can't wait to inhale this.
;
Okay, so the vendor offered to share their framework for wrapper, compression, proxy choices, etc 4 use with any vendor, redeeming
It was 80 and sunny this morning, now it's hailing.....
I wish Kobe was not a Laker
Listening to is a great way to start the day.
Why Do you Tweet?
I don't disagree but the use of the We Are...
slogan is a gross appropriation of a meaningful message...
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy nick cannon
Should CV have a spayneuter law?
Come to a public mtg Sat Oct 29 at 9 am  City Hall, in conference room in lobby.
276 4th Ave.
tough call
will do.
Any style imparticular?
You deserve more than I have to offer.
Our Wine Night is on Tuesdays.
...
and of course, their 'experimental' record: LSD.
She doesn't show up in my recommended friends...
weird?
aww girl, I love you too!
I think we made a teensy bit of progress :
just beat gahanna.
i  winning
will always be in the grade level above him catagorey :
Disconnected right after and I beat The Butcher.
lol
In honor of Mother's Day, I'm going to empty the dishwasher.
Yes, I'm going to EMPTY the dishwasher.
I think there's an element you're not getting here...
thanks !
You sounded great yesterday!
I got u too
SomeWomenCantStand being lied too.
Watching Coachella live from home  being at Coachella
JUST GOT DONE LISTENIN TO WHO DAT ON THE T.V.....
PRETTY DOPE
I'm doctorwing something for
Wow.
The file was interrupted.
Why was the file interrupted?
And yet, you can probably go to a Gawker site and read all about blow jobs.
See how this works?
Look After You  The Fray
taking it back!!
Noscrub!!
Call me yo daddy,yo superman
I'm never gonna be happy.
With a stupid bitch like you in my lie.
You make no fucking sense.
how does it feel like hanging out with Cody again?
I would be down for that.
I love road tripping to stadiums
yeah : and where ya heading to?
New iPad Works on ATT LTE
When You Think About Me Text 143 That Means I LOVE You!!
xx 3
A Loss For Words  Till Night Falls  Goldmill and a bunch more  Rock Bottom Tonight
Aww well if it makes you feel better I haven't been able to get it yet either.
should bring ME ice cream...
thanks.
I mean archiving important details for future retrieval
My bday today
Good morning!!
It's FRIDAY!!!
Finally.
You see folks
iPhone Users: IOS Update 5.1 is Available If You Dont Already Have It, Check For It..!!
boo!
sausage fest
it is very fun...
I am sure you miss it!
I leave for Canada tomorrow early so really do need to get things done...!
Enjoying some great wine tasting
Finally watched Page One: Inside the New York Times  fascinating look at the world of print news media.
Very important messages.
The spiritual life cannot be made suburban.
It is always frontier.
howard macey
i voted for you :D
God morning my Tweets and Fbs!!
EPA has levied four pollution actions in Lower Valley  Yakima Heraldoctorpublic
please follow me and please add me on oovoo....you will make my day
Everything in time...
Los Angeles Friends,I will be doing a presentation at 605 W.
Olympic Blvd., Suite 610 tonight from 6p to 8p on SRS  transgender procedures.
Third Windows update requiring reboot this morning.
WTH?!?
i b up there everyday p
Anyone know how to use GoogleGears w/WordPress?
It's enabled, settings in WP are good, but when I go to the page offline, get page not found
:D i'm soo happy !
It's time to put a fork in it.
Jealous.
Spotted catering truck behind Langford.
Wife just called Brandon Weeden an old fart.
He's 28.
The same age as both of us.
its called talent!
do you think of me at all?
the words/meaning/emotion to efflictim is on another level.keep up the work
honestly if you buy your subscribers or followers i feel sorry for you
please stop!!
I'm starving
Love this man, too funny!
Plastic eggs stuffed with thongs...hahaahaahhaa.
I'm gonna be 40 and my mom will still be giving me Easter baskets....
Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment.
Bono
you mad cause I don't love you back.
Come on now.
hey seren happy happy birthday to u!!!
Launched new topic of discussion old Ed  the new job and financial market your voice be heard.
Help!
I'm going overseas until NYE  why can I only freeze my account for three months?
Lunchjog
Do you think its rude to puke in the trash at the doctors office or do you think they expect it?
Perfectly understandable.
Sinus headache 
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN BEING IN Javier Covarrubias COMPANY'S CALENDER, CONTACT HIM FOR MORE INFO
Who wants a phone call or skype :D ???
CMON I DON'T BITE :D
love ya
I don't need rufies.
I can be had for a single kind word.
What up bichez
Good yo wbu?
RT : how are you on this lovely day doll
Section 508 standards are actually tougher since refer to old technology.
Implement WCAG2  you're meeting 508.
I don't have the patience for this, but it will be much more expensive in the morning.
haha thanks dude!
We all have to do a better job of maintaining a civil tone when debating issues.
I tweet when I'm not making my employees feel the need to file
The free service will be something of construction!
ie.
Paint, tile, ect...
Can't be too much but will be good!
;
Headed to the panhandle: officially accepted a position as Visiting Assistant professorssor in English at
you wish you stayed at a small school?
Showing off the dellstreak at
People say you don't know what you've got till its gone.
The truth is, you knew exactly what you had; you just thought you'd never lose it..
We have to.RT I'll leave that up to Double, not sure what he might have going on currently.
I'm down, though!
thanks!
are u a volunteer?
Got my oldest daughter moved into her apartment at college yesterday
Looks like I'll be spending my birthday at U.S.
Cellular field next year!
is anyone sleepy yet?
Keepers of the Hate
Had a great time today at Art at the Gardens!
Thanks Christiellen W and Eric Borremans!
Fast Fact about San Diego: San Diego, California is the seventh largest city in the United States, with 2.5 million residents.
Wow :
: The grass aint so green on the other side now is it?
2 shows left.
A Christmas Story at Kudzu.
The last two shows on the family stage...
Ever.
...I wish I knew what it was like to feel like that..
Kiss Nikki for me.
Have fun and don't end up on the news.
Anyone know if a good site to find a nice duffel/gym bag?
you got that super good hair.
But koo..
I still wanna add my pink in somewhere!
I Feel Ya
what u doin tonight we need to catch up without the mustard.
Hi mark!
Baaaaaaah.
Im scary.
Successfully passed the hardest semester of nursing school!!!
Four years of college down, three more semesters to go.
Well, it's time to go to bed..
I can if you want me too:
Lol the Clippers, is this real?Somebody wake me up!
And the race is on to get everything done before Obama gets here.
Good first day..
to funny night!
:c at least we will get to party on saturday : that was another thing i was gona tell you my boss schedled me next week!!!
To write fiction, one needs a whole series of inspirations about people in an actual environment, then a whole lot of work.
Painting new offices in our warehouse today!
The wii is a great way 2 excersise 
Send button issues is a common postmodern neurosis.
I FEEL YOU, DAWG.
Something's wrong w/my TV.
The lady on Stossel sounds like Sam Eliot.
Back from jelenas haha was there for seven hours did nails
RT : Congrats Al Pacino on winning an Emmy tonight!
Can't wait to see you speak at RIT as our Horton Speaker.
I can't believe it took me a year and half to start talking after I was born!!
Wats good twitter
Wow danger having another baby this Bitch is bananar
I might as well offend you further by saying I'd put both Little Shop of Horrors and Little Mermaid into my top 5 for the '80s
Nothing makes outdoor dining  doctornking quite like heavy truck traffic and construction!
Wow.
just had a burgergasm when Braun scored that fifth run.
FF these funny ladies who also just happen to be my neighbors!
Life is so crazy like that.
RIP Grandma Gerry.
You were a wonderful person to be around.
Everyone lucky enough to be your friend or family cherished you.
Hey you're my 1000th follower!.
Thanks!
I can't wait to see Jeezy today
Hi stranger.
Hope life is treating you well and you're having grand adventures.
keep up the good work
Let's be real about this shit.
Such a stranger : did you ever get a new phone?
Tickets to DC Environmental Film Festival are on sale now
um...
I'll think about it.
jet life world order jetsfool, so dope
awesome, congrats!!!
it has been raining all weekend so I haven't been very productive.
So true: The way I see it: the more people hate me, the less people I have to please 
Was going to spend 160 on curtains and rods in mke found them in ironwood mi for 70 STOKED
Me  my son are inseperable..
only time I'm away 4rm dat lil nigga is when I'm at wrk.
no problem buddy I call it how I see
ManU Report: PremierLeague Transfer Rumours: Top 3 Targets for the Top 5 Clubs This Summer  Bleacher Report
don't go hating on my boy pitbull!
: Hate generates hate and that is the problem, two wrongs don't make a right, we have to rise above it all.
// Normalization?!
Other industrialized nations with more aggressive healthcare policies don't seem to have that problem.
SO FUKKIN TIRED OF EC
Yes.
Don't cut it.
Grow it out!
Gives you power, like Samson.
RT : The hair will be cut later today.
Any suggestions?
RT : Totally agree, its becoming impossible to manage a page from a mobile device.
Hey, thanks.
I think I got it this time, thx.
Just learned something new.
iPads do not support doctorg'n'doctorp..
Thanks for the follow and have a great day!
Dear mom,its just like your son to get you lost on your day!Lol 10 hours to Cuse just left Roanoke!I Love you mommy and Sebastian of course
Thank you for the follows!
10 more weeks until planting time!
Yea Friday, and its even better because today is Earth Day.
Do something good for the earth today!!
She will thank you later :
nice meeting you tonight : I had so much fun opening!
Needs a mani/pedi to make it REAL gay.
RT : I've had a busy day so far...brunch and now a nap.
CHILL out bro.
haha did you get it?!
cuz it was funny...
My only doctorve for killing niggas on the court was to see the look on my pops face ....
He use to jack so hard on a nigga ..
in the EP huh?!
Hola at my boys y'all have fun!
One of my earliest memories is making blueberry mudpies w my greatgran!
And I probably wanted to sell them.
LOL
1D Means Everything To Us
Happy Veterans Day!
Thanks to All of Our Veterans
Morning folks...
Lets try again :3
Leaving dentist now.
My face  tongue are numb!
Best part of visit by far was dentist singing along 2 Adele as her song played on the radio!
RT : First Date, a hilarious musical Best line: The World Wide Web can get you anythingit can also get you screwed!
Blazers say LaMarcus Aldoctordge is on his way to Vail, CO to get soreness in his hip checked out.
Questionable for Wed game vs Warriors.
Do you have more you can send me?
That awkward moment when you realize your girlfriend is waayyy more badass than you...
:
: I'm about to be teamgotoschool and sleep all day.
Kudos to and the INNL network in adding 100,000 ANP photos.
Great Creative Commons add, and they look like great shots too!
Good morning ...ready for FIESTA 2012!!
How bout you lol???
saw some tweets about big things.
thought i would ask.
its a doctorgon
He know whats best for his ass , aint no playin around .
Does Vandy qualify?
:
District Bar for Blackhawks and Bulls Playoffs!
I think it's more of a wifi fail.
But a failure nonetheless.
Wassup Twitter World Kinda Bored Need Something To Do
Like our normal offers?
Wait until you see what we've got planned for Monday.
Mauria's presentation was great!
Can't look at quantitative data without qualitative yes!
YES!
Thank you.
I completely agree.
I think he's great but there are quite a few hating right now, especially in the states.
Dont know why though !
So happy it's Friday!
8 hours of work then 2 days of fun at !
Big kid fun with my bro and my cousin!
Sometimes, I feel like life isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Maybe it's just one of those mornings.
ha thanks!
Cant wait
Couple of hours of work complete.
Now to enjoy the rest of the weekend.
Looking forward to supper club.
YUM!
It only took 5 seconds for my nephew to ask to play temple run after not seeing me for a week
looks delicious, waiting for my plate???
I need science goggles 
Granger: But it's on both of our shoulders.
I have to be more vocal...we have to communicate better.
yeah im goin tomorrow to get s bunch of fish haha this is what im doin with some of my graduation money haha
PickUpLine: First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
ever noticed that there are so many Chiropractors  Physical Therapy places which clearly means that we are one messed up world!!
MISCHIEF MANAGED.
whether you come back by page or by the big screen, hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home.
jk rowling
Oh, darling, have no idea why this is coming up now but you KNOW I feel the same way about you, too!!!!
It's actually where I converted to using my brain.
I mean became an atheist:
yes.
if i lose my job id like 2 move east.
have lots of family there.
philly or m/b nyc
If it never rained, nothing would grow.
We gotchu covered!
More cars out then ever before!7227696
Chickfila For dinner :
Air Supply: depressing or not depressing?
People change  love dies.
You're never good enough  don't know why.
Time passes  things go wrong, but just remember life goes on
Adding a new twist to my Mixtape.
Hope you guys like it :
why?
and haha sorry bout that
Oh sharepoint, you devil, I should have known our paths would eventually cross.
Grammar, logic, rhetoric, Arithmetic, geometry, music, astronomy
Have you read Images of America  Fort Myer ?
It's the first book about this historic US Army Post.
what color should i add to my hair next??
I'm down!
Wanna put  on the Padoctors now?
RT : Congratulations to the NY Giants and Costa Rica for taking my 150
Like mister.
Bixby, my mother Betsy gave birth to five sons, John W.
being the eldest, me being the second, and Charles the youngest.
You have AIDS.
Goodnight.
wow i have 61 followers..how about you guys help me get to 100 followers by the end of the month and them next month 200 pls
I was taught 2 stay positive and always keep it real and I do
Hm...several Blog of the week picks haven't responded to our Congrats emails.
Hope our emails didn't go to spam....
Loved my aka nikki minaj time this weekend!
Come back to sandiego soon for some 'beautiful messy' time!
I better get the dedication note.
;
S/O to and for always making me feel better .
Great friends !
Woke up to some cute texts this morning.
Sup twitter, morning!
omg I know!!
I just wonder what goes on in their heads when they decide what to wear.
Kate Hudson and Sarah Jessica Parker will be guest starring on Glee next season.
Does anyone care about Glee anymore?
Virginia is for lovers.
Newt and perry got a Christmas present they won't forget
Loving the new hair!!
They wonder if I'm hell bound Well hell can't be worse than this, cause I'm in hell now
A day for babies: Congrats to our Virginia friends, now parents to Lillian Frances.
Also thrilled for JE, who picked a great birth center.
RT : SCIP2012 RocknRoll Dance Party tonight at 9:00 in Liberty Ballroom over breezeway from the Marriott
I'm missing the USA/Finland game.
Fucking dammit.
Wish I could've called in sick today.
/
hell no but now you know what they think of asian women!
but then you call it GOOD DEFENSE lol
RT : Patio time at Beautiful weather, Brewers vs.
Atlanta at 6:10.
2.00 Miller Lite pints and 1/2 price Pizzas.
Sleep seems out of the question.
This nigga does not stop dancing
fledging and established actors writers directors be the 110 with the new grassroots movement
Kids  school, me  work, just got my .
GOV copyright to my music, in the mail, priceless, I am truly thankful, thanks GOD, yo boy H
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.Abraham Lincoln
Good thing no one can read my mindLOLOL
I don't know how you do it but you are one of the best character actors I have ever seen
Ravens RE and Defensive Player of the Year Terrell Suggs is out for the 2012 season with a torn Achilles' tendon.
I've seen YouTube videos of that hold.
It looks legitimate
fenway park ;
I'm all moved in thank you Lord
You're in good company w/  RT : I'm the only Volvo doctorver who isn't retired/doesn't have 5000 kids
Having to purchase your own book is a bit extreme!
People need to realize how much their hurting other people and they need to stop judging because you don't know what they have been through
Hey Lady, just wanted 2 know if Katie Smith is on MN.?
Be 18, graduated, and have no kids?
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
That is nice, and I bet a huge relief.
What?
Somebody has a day off from work?
Must be a guy who left the media...
Lookn for a great Bible Study and Worship exp today !
Join us  9:00 Pulse  10:30 Traditional.
Are we ever going to be able to move beyond discussions of capitalization and abbreviations in cataloging?!
::groan::
Woah feelin shitty!
Who gets sick on a day like today?
RONDO BEST POINT GUARD IN THE LEAGUE!
Better than that!
Excited for people to see it soon.
How does some weird tweet come from my name over and over?
Thank You Allen West.
You are one of the few who will stand up and speak the truth.
We are with you!
seems like your a huge dahvie fan??
Well i am to!
3333 haha:
hey buddy, Wutsup?!
: Where have I been?
Just dealing with life!
Come on REDSKINS !!
just hearing or seeing your name gives me butterflies :
We're talking  Cloud for Solutions in booth 1503  2PM.
Enter 2 win a 25 gift card OR a Dell XPS13 laptop
thank you for the RT!
yes!
Great seeing u!
uhmmmm I MIGHT be there haha : Morning ball tommorow.
Waking up at 6 is not that fun!
BobaFett
SuperBowl Defense must have watched Seinfeld.
Thanks for the RT!
Always appreciate them.
Find your horse.
Discover the direction the horse is going.
Ride the horse in that direction.
Peter Mcwilliams
just saw the Alvin  the Chipmunks movie.
I have participated in American culture.
I loathe myself.
I seriously do that everytime I'm at the library to every door I attempt to walk through
I am so amazed to be the one to receive your second tweet!!
Come see is as soon as possible.
Hey angel in the snow , im under the mistletoe : 
I wonder if  WhatevermynewnamewillbeIndy is taken......
that Melo move was dope.
And Amare's Dunk was ridiculous.
Now Wade is going off
Hi.
I was just talking on Simsimi and it told me to follow you.
Lol.
So, follow back, please?.:
trust me I'm there !
we are hanging out this weekend!
Don't make any plans!
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony?
Leonardo DaVinci
LMFAO I WONDER back then when a girl first got her period would put bandaids on her vagina to try to stop it.
Lmfaoo
Happy Mothers Day!
I just finished a 3.43 mi run with Nike GPS.
this is number 5 now
they're pretty proud of them, too.
That's gonna hurt the wallet.
Oh well!
Haha Let Me Text You Right Noowwww.
:
Thank you for all you do for autism!
You are appreciated!
What's the verdict?
Hope you guys were able to make it out!
omg guys almost to 1,000 u guys are awesome.
i have been in the hospital and couldnt be on!
thanks for keeping following me guys b back soon
A girl is at their comfiest when they are wearing a boy's article of clothing.
While Facebook is number 1 in the US, QZone is the rage in China.
It's a montana party out here on the I 84
I know there's concerns about Worthy's effort, but between him and Perry, the packers pass rush should improve tremendously
thought you would like it : I 3
North shore!
Catch us at the greenroom tonight in Covington
Yes.
I hear thunder outside!!!!!
This is why I say the issue is systemic and not just cultural.
It's bigger than conversations and ideologies.
yes hey do!
Cool you will get them going
people touch my face alot...it's weird.
the nest is pretty high up, but I'll do my best.
There was a lot of chirping this morning, so I hope there are some babies.
Cereal tastes amazing at 2:31 in the morning.
Omg I seriously cant wait for Ariana's album anymore...
Aslkhfgdk!!!!
It's been great!
We're in SoCallet us know when you're singing!
how are you feeling about Dale Hunter?
I ride around with that Nina.!!!
I have a lot but I'm off tomorrow so I'll do it tomorrow night ;
Did someone really just call and give me the argument that gay marriage is a slippery slope to polygamy and people marrying animals?
If your awake RT :D
Savannah, GA!!
COME OUT to Sweet Melissa's Friday.
Get a mouthful of pizza and some rocknroll.
Happy Birthday!
Bring the sisu this weekend!
Finished Heroes and I LOVED it!
I'm in FL, too...
It feels like SUMMER right now, ugh.
Brad, the hotel is located in downtown Boston and refers to our own Paul Revere and the act of giving reverence to Boston!
Who can beef it up?
Ima make a video of a buch of ppl beefin it up.
Girls and guys.
Dm me
Someone bring me coffee.
please.
ill pay you.
hey!
It wont work for me...
I keep getting an error.
I got this feeling.....
no one thats u running around tough timmy.
U like to have a spotlight on u.
u got it dance monkey dance
And we try, and we fall, and we live another day 3
the other aspect of games is failure.
How do we treat F's?
We need to rethink fail and retry without punishment.
Been studying for losts of tests, just got medicain after 5 days of having bronchitis and strep throat, see ya 3 :
We did a bit on how to deal with Cougars on the Saturday Morning News on KXL.
I hope the Ducks were listening.
Be big.
Be scary.
Don't..run?
Awesome, Greg!
You and I need to talk about this...
very timely...
I live in America but super excited for the UK fanmily.
CHASING THE SUN IS AMAZING.
had my french GCSE exam today and one of the people who make sure we don't cheat phone went off several times OMG
GoThereDoThis.com is the place for 50 off certificates 4 attractions, services, entertainment, etc!
Follow us 2 get up2the minute offers
Do you know where tofu originated?
oh yeah...
thats right...
umm...
HAHA!
she wanted me to tell u she loves u : and she loves me more in cirtain ways ;
Man Cincinnati nasty everybody fuckn each other damn what happened to fuckn only 1
haha..
Well It had to change at some point  :
Do you want your own INTERNET Business Could you handle it?
We will teach you how to market THE WEB...
Goodmorning : lames
like I said before thakes one to know one ;
Hey Matthew, would you mind DMing me your email addoctorss?
Interesting allergy research.
Thanks for passing it along!
In order to get more you have to give more.
Show love today and everyday!
it's fictional, so it's awesome!
I was thinking of having a cardboard cut out of me in the background at all times.
Isn't that like the entire school?
Surprise lunch at Gertrude's.
Yum.

Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength.
Dalai Lama
Don't doubt that, but if it was for something minor, it won't be a season suspension.
yes!
I feel special :
Btw like your pic.
You look like a pit boss or pro racer!!
says Milk is for babies in PumpingIron  What do you think of the RawFood / Raw Milk movement in Cali?
NOW it's time to RE hit 1700!!
...
Please help!!
SHOUTOUTS 4 SHOUTOUTS!!
We are wishing good luck tonight at the ATT Center!
familiar from Gitomer Most people will not do the hard work it takes to make success easy.
Don't be like most people.
Did you enjoy sxsw?
It kicked my butt especially since I had a cold in the beginning
.
Zentan's Singapore Slaw is uhmazing isn't it??
Hope you can swing by soon!
Learn something new everyday...
That's the beauty in life :
lol of course!!
Share the wealth 
lmaoo you know you love.
Mee!
that sounds good.
I hope to be a contributor to the life that you want.
Doug Melvins request, FSWI hits the See, Yuni wasn't that bad hot button showing the behind the back flipperdoodle double play great play
maybe you should begin to trademark some of your tweets, you know like Pat Riley  ThreePeat.
my lovely followers should follow cos yk, he's pretty amazing.
33 : lets get him to 8,000 x
Putting my two weeks in at moochie today, I'm so excited to work less this summer and just enjoy it!
Carmakers extend Chinese lineups with SUVs, luxury cars, EVs No one expects China's vehicle sales to rise 30 percent a year anymore, but
Thanks appreciate your views and thoughts.
Nice to be able to do this
Yup.
His full name is Mice President Joe Biden.
Bidey for short.
Can this fan from Tennessee get a RT on her 40th birthday?
Best Wishes Always!!!
You mean like a Yeti?
Or is that something else!
; Happy Friday!
good morning!
TGIF!
Dont worry about the world coming to an end today.
It is already tomorrow in Australia.Charles Schultz Have a great weekend!
charge it:
You have to have a forgiving soul in this world!
what phone number?
lol
Not as many clearcut Firefly references so far in tonights Castle episode.
Thought there would be more with Adam Baldwin guest starring.
It's a shitty photoshop, but it made me laugh!
Immense unity not found in most communities!
RT tweetforCLE!
Why do you think CLE is a great place to live, work  play?
Does that make me selfish?
It's never tooearly for IHOP!
Really like gizmo on div.
allows stud.
2 order steps,  comp.
does calculating.
Great 2 check concept.
und.
I think that number is only so high because of me.
Well, off to add to it some more...
thanks!
I've got some time blocked to read tomorrow.
With the late deadline coming up quick.
We're all getting excited to show people this film.
hey will I see you at Balitcon this year?
you missed my speech fool!
lol
: Rihanna's video We Found Love has been banned in France for encouraging 'self destructive behavior.' that it'strue?
I cant accept your apology..

Just getting back home wit tew da grocery store wit my moms...
you can only come if it will help
Aiming to submit MCN12 proposal tomorrow late in the day.
There is a doctorft, at least.
RT : Give yourself permission to believe what you want to believe, regardless of past experiences.
It's still pay what you can, people are still free to pay more.
Yes Sir...
NYC Club Avanti all Day.
: Haters don't really hate you.
They hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.
what?!!
So real
thank you so much!!
so excited for you to hear everything we're workin on!
: xox
Bored any 1 wanna follow me I f
130 more followers n I make it into the 1000.
Hopefully I will b able to follow more
where you at fool?
FAMOUS SEDAN is a DBA of WORLD FAMOUS LIMOUSINE LLC., and is owned, and operated by Jimmy Eagle.
just simple hey can make a relationship and ended with bye
No Chicken, No Check!
That ep was awesome!
You were great, of course!
There are only two ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle!
RIGHT?
She better bring that stuff, that natural stuff, that curly or som  SUMMER HAIR.
That's it!
I c the blood in your eyes,I c the love in disguise, I c the pain hidden in your pride,I c your not satisfied I c nobody else but myself ...
Just let us know!
Happy birthday to my three loves of my life and !!!!!!!
We are pretty excited about it!
We'll have to plan a night out.
agree Kyle.
spurs haven't wonanything since they became old and slow.
although, I don't see them as that slow this yr
1h25m rain delay at Progressive Field.
Game on
i DO say the same of Twitter.
I slept hard so didn't notice until I went outside.
I was doctorving and all of a sudden tree debris blew on my window.
Live your life based on the principles that you believe in.
Not based on emotions, feelings, or fears.
My friend, Bob Roden's Live Action film, PLAY BY PLAY Just won the top prize in it's category at the Phoenix Film Festival.
Way to go, Bob!
Best feeling in the world: When a crucial source you didn't think you would get actually responds to your email.
what's up nick?
What's w all these cities?
Not being traded are you?
That's what we thought Heard some other people saw him there as well.
Thanks!
3 miles today.
Should have stretched better!
So.
Aggravated.
Let's create, build and work nonstop and then not show anything.
officepolitics.
Hopefully conf will be better
Wow why u tired
hhhcccchhhhh it's a bad mothafucka....
when ya bite into it cream fillin' shoot all in ya mouth....
glitta...
In 1924, the Second Avenue bridge opened across the Miami River.
When was the last time you visited downtown Miami
Hey guys!!
Good morning.
Today I was to the school, was a really cool.
And you?
Today is FRIDAY day for CocaCola a lot!
fixing my bathroom and hopefully putting bedoctorom furniture together!
hey your ugly.
It's cute when couples act like bestfriends, same as when bestfriends act like couples.
Waiting on UCF's response is making me anxious , why do they take so long 
Ah, spring training in Phoenix.
It's been a while.
Looking forward to an afternoon in the sun.
Did you know that 90 of women make up the total of cosmetic procedures?
not in as much pain.
Meant temporarily, I need to proofread b4 hitting the enter button...
Out of the Closet, into the Streets
ya dig
The more the merrier!
thats a lesson it takes once to learn
Venue helps I guess...Knitting Factory in Brooklyn.
I really do need to know how much the dolls are?!
Thanks.
thats a lie.
if we anticipate anything  we are bound to be dissapointed.
Karaoke night Stanton Public..
Sounds terrible from my bedoctorom!!
followed you back: xx
Forget the debates I was excluded from.
My calendar is chock full of candidate forum.
Ward 5 wants to hear real solutions to move forward.
Good morning America!
Have a bless and productive day.
:
buried the entire day and finally dug myself out 15 hours into the session.
finish small winner, hopefully back at it tomorrow.
you're first to me
Filming a Burlesque promo tonight..
Legs, Feathers and Pasties...
Oh'My
I need to come back to the A
no  but I was told yesterday that I am one of the signs of the coming apocalypse!
where the hell is that?!?

Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
Also, the notion that you would try to deal with the Chen situation expediently so as to not upset talks seems really reasonable to me.
I enjoy both shows for different reasons.
Scandal is sexy, political pulp while Revenge is sexy, rich people problems.
You Mess With My Love Punch Her Ya Buncha Hoes Go Home.
thank you for the article.
Yes, I will take you up on your kind offer.
You make an awesome class guest!
ALL DAY, son!
I just farted big time.
Looking for the best, easiest app for using multiple Gmail calendars on my ipad.
Need to be able to turn calendars on an off..
so cute
In Vacuo  In a vacuum or empty space
don't know anything other than it's gonna be a daybyday decision.
I still think they can win without him.
Will be hard tho.
My mom told some lady at Debbs that she was gonna slap her and that she was a bitch.
Security was called on her.
Way to go mom.
Lmao  what abt when it grows up?
RT : I want a baby penguin so bad.
Scary monsters and nice sprites
I got the shakes that make ya quake, the fries that cross yo eyes, I got burgers that'll...
Well I just burgers.
Of course on the warmest day of the week it has to rain.
there's Nothing like good pho.
I just rt Ed myself.
Awk.
Needless to say LaGuardia was not happy with the idea of cops taking money from me but he said it himself that I paid ppl off and I did..
Heard a rumor that taco bell is closing down..maybe its a sign to eat healthier
Bought some really cute Sperrys today!
no problem!!
How long have you been singing for?
you are doing a great job!
Keep it up.
To our loyal brunchers.
Roots will stop seating at 12:30 today.
Private wedding to follow.
Thanks, team roots.
HAPPY 18 BIRTHDAY !!!!
Hope you have fun today!!:
Its a morning up in here
word?
hey hey now..
thru adversity...
NEW PLAY MOVED UP TO 3PM EST DUE TO THE RUMORS THAT ARE FLOATING WE WANT PEEPS TO GET AS MANY B4 THE BELL AS POSSIBLE
good to see you guys!
Thanks for hanging out.
you know of latest real estate genius plans to try to sell the space, right?
Me and Danny are gonna collab he's gonna make designs for my fashion line lmao
Dave all the way!
Thanks for the mention.
I love how my mom and brother called me to see how I'm doing at work :
Hope he's got enough flair.....
2011icf I am at the BrandYou session...
Bless your heart South Carolina.
I love all these red states that take billions more than they pay into federal system complain about it.
Green Week includes a homebrew competition tonite , begins at 7pm.
More goo.gl/GxRvz.
and Niall has a bigger peeeenusssss
On this Friday remarkable sale price for you today in our selection of vehicles in Oregon!Contact us!www.parkroseautocenterllc.com
finally put a picture of me on hea
New York style weather in Miami today..
Pulling hair and kicking balls is not fighting....its called pussing out...but throwing punches and whoopin ass is fighting.
on my way to meet Heather.
Wish you were here, lady!
follow back
The moment u try to open your locker cause u know how to and it took u 13min embarrassing when u show up to your home room andtheylike ulate
: Beer is mostly water.
This is why the water used has such an effect on the flavor.
...ridiculously untrue.
ANY BLAZER fan, can I get a FOLLOW PLEASE
RT : Only 15 of the population can wiggle their ears.
Can you?
Yes I can, can you?
It's quite a talent.
For nothing!
:D
Yeah, just did a bunch of unfollowing.
Can't stand all these retards.
Thanks for the patience, a little inactive online dealing with a newborn!
3
Knowledge is knowing the tomato is a fruit, wisdom is not putting it in your fruit salad.
Miles Kington
I can't read all of it right now.
: I'm on my phone and it's being weird.
hater: austin mahone is gay me: stfu you low life bitch ass cunt.
:
uff, bet that hurts.
and secondarily  what???
all in one sitting?
Hey Nancy, really sorry we let you down :ubercom
now i just need to convince ...
DEAR SARAH, I AM A REPUBLICAN BLACK FEMALE WITH SOME DEMOCRATIC VALUES.
A LOT OF FOLKS FAIL TO UNDERSTAND.
Phone interview with Nordstrom in a couple minutes!
wheeeeeee Wish me luck
Cut my hair  I'm regretting it.
only b/c of this fucking short sidebang that doesn't frame my face properly.
I look like a god damn child.
Well said Anthony!
Holy cow!
Good to see you here!
Happy Tuesday!
20 at end of first.
ibelieve we can win three in a row and the series.
made it twofortwo today.
Tomorrow I'm going for the grand slam!
no it was opened by the people so boom
grandma always has pickles ready for me at her house :
Pour yourself a doctornk, put on some lipstick, and pull yourself together.
Elizabeth Taylor.
Thanks Liz, advice will be heeded!
Reverse Happy Hr 9close...
2 off all alcohol  small plates.
dude you rock.Please let me open for you in the NY area!This is Rich, I played Jeff Buckley at your angels and kings open mic
Having the best day!!!
And the sun is evening coming out!
You got this!!!
i need sum followers
Personality trait: down to earth.
What does that even mean?
Not many people are not down to earth.
Now DTF...
Thats much better.
Haha
104 or higher...
Hey Brian, Just following up, letting you know the student group's all set for See you tomorrow morning!
In Spain I learned the art of sitting and doing nothing.
While in this state, one can solve all of life's riddles in a quiet afternoon.
clpSarah thanks for spreading the word!
RT : RT :  thinks EVERY girl should experience african american dick at least once in her life!!
I know!
So soon!
why would you feel hated?
Happy Friday!
Is anyone excited about any movies coming out this weekend?

hey, are you going to write about Bayocean?
Cuz, wow!
RT : how doing ?
Hope She Doing great tho hi thomas  i am doing great thanks for asking : we miss you!
the app is 4.99.
Comes with Lady Gaga tracks plus 15 other songs right now.
Many, many, many more songs to follow very soon
RT : Gods gonna BLOW my mind!!!!!!
Thanks new followers!
Wow.
I think I might need to swear off Twitter, Facebook, and local TV stations until after the election.
It's gonna get ugly.
The Livingstone Spectral Imaging Project took some decaying pieces of newspaper  used digital imaging to reveal a faded handwritten diary
This week, people are coming out of the woodwork to help me.
I wonder what tomorrow will bring!?
thank u maam : i wish u can come :/
On a side note, what a great day for baseball to begin its season in the D
Love your new TV ad.
Very funny :
Or a camel
one of us is going to learn to cash a bet our ass can deliver :
Mind you I am supposed to be doing an experiment on How to Lose a Heap Followers in 10 Days but people love the ratchetness
done by me nigga :
Wanna go see Safe House this weekend...
Don't let loneliness, doctorves you back into the arms of someone you know doesn't give a damn about you.
Puff, puff, pass.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
i really need to holla at ya im dez 7734073812
she should be fine ...
i'll find some shade or leave her in her carseat
My new Motivational Audibook, Dollar and a doctoram: Succeed or Die Trying, will be available 21412.
Get ready to overcome obstacles and...
Hey Cuzy Poo!!
Miss you too!
DM me your 
ur so gay
ideas2action bass: where are the low impact practices?
I wonder if anyone on the baseball teams wants these posters we made them.
Nice day to cozy up with coffee and cake...looking forward to this mornings tastings...
thanks for the reference material  not familiar with this man's work
Oh well I wasn't even following amile ...
So glad we play duke this year in Atlanta ...
I'll be there!
I'm from the west side of Irondequoit....I'm hoping you're not otherwise I will feel like a HUGE douche for not knowing it
that is so cool!!!
you'll be stressed til the move but once you're there, you'll be fine.
:
Hey!
How goes it?!
Great civil debate  insights into the beliefs  opinions from the Right
No one knows what he can do until he tries.
Home from Brianna's!
she's eventually going to be the death of me but I love dat bitch
Everything is so peaceful.
i swear he was singing like he was deaf and yes i am in.
what are we doing?
we agree that brands should capitalize on this!
too premature though?
bad news if they break up
They don't teach you this in library school.
ew don't start with your cursis!
But you're Welcome...
thank you too lol ok moment over
Ok, do I need to read The Hunger Games?
Haslem and Chalmers just kill this team...
So a happymeal toy is illegal in CA but a flamethrower's cool?
RT : It's illegal to own a flamethrower in every state except CA.
But beat the Heat is a chant reserved for Magic fans, so Indiana fans need to stop using it
don't listen to haters.
The knicks need to get everyone to stay healthy and develop some chemistry.
Amare doesn't fit well
why is anyone being mean to you?
you are a nice person.
Saturday's attendance of 32,862 at Camden Yards, was the second highest of the year so far.
Only beat by Opening Day.
so far so good, hope the rest of the weekend goes as good as its gone so far
Busy day.
If you happen to know a youth interested in entrepreneurship, send them our way today!
no wonder you haven't been on much
oh, is on the case.
Thx for the link of reassurance!
cnndialogues how we treat out people can lead to a national security issue.
How our country will or can prosper.
What valet doctorver steals hand sanitizer?
nice cock yes i am following ur tumblr
Rape young boys.
Apparently.
since when is 3 dead and 75 people hurt equal mass casualties?
Stop making news worse than what out is!
lol imma throw all my dirty dishes at ur window :
atomic structure needs a massive revision of its major summative assessment and everyone is game
WIN FREE PIZZA WEEKLY from Papa John's Milwaukee!
Simply text FacebookPJ to 90210.
Normal messaging rates apply.
110.
How hot is Mike Brown's seat at the moment?
of all the music on my iPhone, what is making me smile?
Performarnce by MC Spandex.
you are AMAZING....
way to make me cry!!
3 you!!
Downtown indy with a flask full fo whiskey, ready for some sb46 people watching
doctorss getting altered it should be ready by friday!!!!
Im ready :
Conversation  Argument, Finger Point  Tense Situation
lmao I do, everytime.
Especially when a guy I like ask me that question !
I got robbed of almost 75,000 dollars!
And so it begins.
I will now start living vicariously through my friends.
We are 2 blocks away from the Fullerton stop on the 151 bus.
Hop on the cta and come check us out!
Creating a dev environment for one of my wordpress sites.
Should've done this a long time ago.
If you do I need to custom make you a shoe as your coffin because it was with your feet that you went to bed with himorher
I am so far removed from educational fundoctorising though, so maybe this is normal for that sector.
It still doesn't feel right.
Hi Paul, we have great coffee and great staff.
Pop around to Safari Cup  we'll treat you to a free coffee and friendly service.
Me too.
He's so cute
Good enough to retweet!
RT : its always a perfect time to watch a zombie movie in LA especially when its EATEN :D haha
Lots of Americaonly features announced at Facebook F8: Netflix, Hulu,...
i love how you can pull off any look!
so glamorous!
but i get so sad seeing u cry  your such a great sister!
xoxo
The best things in life are not things.
Tomorrow night is comedy night at Catch 22, come join the fun 730pm.
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one...
I'mfuckingsingle
u r too cool for school girl!
MClub has nothing on u bigleague!
should come down stairs
still at the honey comb??
on Punk'd tomorrow Guess who's watching .
double wrong if that's true than Zayn Malik knows me!
if you know me from school then unfollow me bye
The Rawhide Ranch I'm Braggin about Rawhide contest videos are rolling in!
Have you done yours yet?
Info is at www.rawhideranch.com
I feel like everything is so damn over rated.
sure: followed :
Its my sisters wedding this weekend!!
:D yayayayaay
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
well, it was space, no light, no air, no BREATHING but I can see where that last might have looked like...something else.
One big mess picking up AJ at her MS.
Why?
Because they don't have any lights anywhere.
Girls need to stop complaining about all guys and just be careful of who they give their heart to.
what about 'microblogger'?
I saw West Side Story in 70MM at the Alex in Glendale a few years back.
Get into that!
that awkward moment when your ex tells you how much she loves you...
in front of her new gf 
I already had tensions on leaving anyway atmosphere just wasn't for me jayyer central over there
I dare you to click my follow button
So stoked for .
But I'm wondering where is phase 2!
Wherever u wt to start baby.
Xoxo!
RT so where do you want me to start with ur massage
We can't say enough about NowRecords...
More soon, but we're thrilled to announce the hip collaboration of Now Records  Apple Road.
i just went there.
pray for me, folks!
killing time.
working on busting a nut.
then starting my day.
good weekend?
Waiting for St.
Nick
How To Get Guaranteed Search Engine Ranking
my prayers are sent..
amazon was an idea I had too but might go the spa route.
I'm stopping by there Sunday so I'll probably take her out for brunch
Dont crazy for pie ??
What the fuck i ant type.
The verdict is in.
Pre order our new Casey Anthony tee today!!!
Wow!
The Derby is in Louisville, not Lexington, news correspondents!
and you are special to me
Lots of energy in the room this morning!
YOUR FINALLY PREFORMING WITH STEVIE WONDER doctorAMS IN doctorAMS HAPPEN TOO!!
:
Second interview much more positive and helpful..
whew.
Fingers crossed first student was an anomaly and not a trend.
Be like 30 Rock and get the ax.
with you on that.
rolls over
they are impressive 's, so why are they always getting a bad review on company status?
vigil: Sometimes it's hard not to pronounce it /VIJoouhl/.
I donate a lot of time to a several nonprofessort organizations by sitting on boards of directors  MOSI, TBTF, etc.
Brad, I fucking love you.
I need some type of closure
What?!
That's awesome!
I'm already here, shoot me a note when you get in.
YOOO!!!
I GAINED 50 FOLLOWERS JUST BY FOLLOWING  NOJOKE!!!!
GO FOLLOW HER!
3
never heard of any of those people.
I'd still watch that.
it's not a federal holiday in Mexico...
you can't deny that.
Real Mexicans know all of this.
I hope you had a good on this day..with love your biggest fan :
Help me promote, StudentsSpeak, if you are a young student and in an immense amount of debt already!
We need to be heard.
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
I'm going to run a Spartan Race!
What gets your butt off the couch?
Thanks for ruining my day
Is there such a system not like this?
Systems must define an inside and an out.
A borderline personality misdiagnosis convinces Century he can only create a new and true self by committing senseless crimes.
El Fin / The End / La Fin / Das Ende Feels so good.
Next week we go for double translation.
Great week!
i think JB is hot!
:3
How do you make coffee?
Elena Schaefer  her opponent from New Mexico heading to tiebreaker 3rd game in 1 girls singles...
probably would have been worthy of a Super Bowl spot if so...
lmao do you plan on doing anything tomorrow?
NCers: Polls close at 7:30 pm, if you haven't voted, now is the time to make it happen
Denver last night...appears to be Arizona tonight on the Peyton Manning
hahah but Christopher got one : he's sneaker than me!
lol, you ain't go be able to go nowhere....
When our forefathers gave us rights to bare arms they werent talking about fully automatic high range weapons as much as muzzle loaders.
NEW CHRISTMAS SONG!
Our store is up and running at ReverbNation.com.
go check it out!
:
where do we get the tickets for ure new York city concert
OK sending a hug and good thoughts to make it better.
Be well moonshine...8
So...
How'd it go?
waiting with bated breath
Thank you
Thanks!
Going to miss this VMob HQ!
Our students and coaching clients are really making things happen!
It is just so exciting to see!!!
hilarious love the tags wish u were here
Temperature real hot/ sweating like a sweatshop/ I think I need my Favorite doctornk/ Gatorade/ Don't offer Ice Tea
I've never tried it with catfish ill add that to my to do list!
Don't have the Syracuse game on but apparently there have been some, um, issues, with the officiating.
Thanks!
RT : Aw congrats!
Wow it seems like y'all just got married.
Beautiful!
Just tapped Tieton Apricot Cider.

vvrotny: lol, Houston and Chicago are very different towns...
remember to hide the tapes depicting waterboarding
i can't complain about the move.
As long as he doesn't ruin the Bills locker room chemistry, can't hurt to add him as a backup
so how many times have u gone back to workout?
Takes a bit but I get pretty grumpy if I can't go now.
I nag my trainer
Great workout, time to eat, study some and sleep until this snow stops
Are you doing anything green to celebrate EarthDay this weekend?
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Yes!
Fantastic!
Did they check the ball after that pitch?
HAHA.
WOW!
We aren't doing as many agent/manager nights during pilot season.
BUT if a spot opens up, we'll let you know :
The tears are coming out!
Puck is killing me!
It's the eye of the Lily, it's the thrill of the smile....
Too much praise for contestants on AI is misguiding America.
Changes need to happen.
The same voters are the ones who think they can sing.
I am lucky to have you too!
I've missed you so much this semester 
i use to write the most STUPID shit on facebook back in 20092010 now i know why nobody liked me.
i was a stupid freak !
iwashellaweird ..
'she's like the Susan B Anthony of dumb asses.'
Damn damn he missed by a hair on Kim k chin
One of my favorite lines from Pynchon's VINELAND: Watch the paranoia, please!
totalassaultontheculture!
The avengers was so fuckin gangsta!!!!
I wants to follow back!!!
You got staying up late ;
u the shyt man keep it real lol
BeTheOne Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Bruce Lee
any Übies use the Pixelbender  Oil Paint plugin in Photoshop?
Esp.
on sketch work?
Mind: blown.
I'm already ready for MLB to start up.
I feel like I have to put in some sort of emoticon whenever I'm instant messaging/tweeting somebody lol izzy
The 1980s is not our strongest era, but pondering of a series of Boogie blog posts.
Any requests?
Watch  cheer the Ashley  Jeremy say come get some pasta  a combo sandwich!
You are looking fabulous in these doctorsses!
is this your other account josh?
: if so please respond and follow me 3
lmao just kidding I didn't read it right x
Oh yes...done.
Bring it on Seame Street Tour!!
Bring It On!!
:
I love cold weather.
But man that was a lil cold takin the dog out wearing shorts.
Finally can start wearing my sweaters.
Night everyone...work tomorrow and more Last Breath planning
People that call sneakers tennis shoes 
but where are his curls though
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
2
Happy valentines dayy
Even if you are on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rodgers
Thanks for the follow Don!
I'm not above eating apples from Walgreens.
This headache needs to go away ASAP
Dark chocolate almond milk warmed up in the microwave  delicious instant hot chocolate.
I don't care I'f it's a Nickel Bag being sold in the park, I WANT IN!
How many cups should we pour today?
RT : Up early every day this week?
Something is wrong with me.
I know right?
Somehow Facebook stock turned into Aunt Jizzie and Uncle Cumshot ha
RT : Joey Durel of Lafayette  people reg tell him on street they would have left Lafayette if not for the network
I'm intrigued.
If the dont make any attempt at rebuilding IM DONE as a fan.
and now we are having to convos at once, even more awkward.
Yeah.
The only thing suspicious about Trayvon Martin is how cute he was.
Reading Bryant  May Off the Rails is virtually reviving and intensifying my Tuberelated claustrophobia.
Great read, though.
Donations are of growing import for all the societies that I know abt, including a.
Fdn support /grants.
Life itself is rooted in freedom.
We are not machines, we are not preprogramed.
We are utter freedom now it is up to us what to make of it
.
not a chance.
gingrich 600k in debt, media tired of covering him, no debates left,  will only win couple states.
you better get soon fast were goin out friday!
Its rains...we train!
Dear Roy, we had some good times back in the day but the KUNation is pretty intent on repeating 2008 today.
Love, EVERYBODY.
Its a rather wellknown piece that pervaded pop culture as a result of the incredible popularity of the show.
awkward how when everyone leaves the class room  it's you  the teacher 
please keep us posted with any info.
Thanks.
UPDATE change location tomorrow AM!
At Innovation Center, NOT Cinema Center for meeting
you have a very bright future!
I look forward to seeing many of your successful adventures!
Good meeting held w/ Nick C., our crazy  talented 2nd unit DP to view awesome crazy cell footage.
Great stuff and totally off the hook!
lol
right?
Haha I've been looking into almost everything possible.
But let us enjoy libations together and reminisce
Re: that tweet below.
I've been wanting to do a pagecount/weight comparison of novels by men and women.
Coe Hall will remain closed until power has been restored to Oyster Bay.
Sorry to our friends and followers for any inconvenience.
RT Taurus can make anything happen when they put their determined effort into it.
how can you be mad at him!?
He is so jolly!
Damn cannot make any good sculptures...
RT: When that time comes I won't be nervous.
I won't be fearful.
Cause I will know that I am destined to be there.
the one two and a half men is on !
Filming in Mexico City!!!!
My first day of shooting went really well and cast and crew are awesome.
you're my addiction:
So, I accidently deleted my story that I was supposed to be putting part 4 on....
How stupid?!
Oh ok then I tell you in another email because in the email I answered today was basically the same as I told you right here on
you at Scott house ?
Skincare routine done.
Eyebrows plucked.
Now for a movie, a cup of tea and bed.
Got a lot done today.
Initial thought on James Hunter: Kid's a big body, could develop into a credible offensive threat.
Glad he's got 3 to play 3.
RT : Even the best of ideas have to be followed up with action.
Never underestimate what you can accomplish.
gimme deets and who is in it.
And p.s.
the American flags made it so NOT obvious.
Come on, Obama.
Think smart!
Is Josh Beckett going to be the official host for the TPC tickets winner?
haha aww!
You gotta stretch : ha.
Ain't gonna lie.
Those Dyson vacuum cleaners look pretty damn cool!
Tired of buying shitty vacuums that seem to stop working after a year.
; well glad that is settled.
When the bass is so heavy you can't even see out of your sideview mirrors
In church worshiping my LORD!!
Theorized beforehand.
Realized in hindsight.
Focus Group, Manhattan, August 31st.
Looking for iOS users with a Facebook Account.
85 for 1  hours
im having a BBQ and and a bday party for my aunt and dad.
:
Bruno Mars killed it on the GRAMMY stage
when you're the best you always have a target on your back Chef.
OMG.
SIERRA.
I love you can you please answer my DM?
:D
The world lost a true visionary today.
RIP MCA
Cent FL rocking w/ races Go , Celebrated John Glenn's orbit 50 yrs ago  Kenn Space Ctr.
NasaNascar awesome combo!
No problem :
hahah love you too;
POTD for Maurice Sendak is the other great realization of his books besides the Wild Things movie...the 1975 Really Rosie cartoon.
you would like the softest team in the NHL
Did you register for the WISE event on May 8 at Wrigley?
so after two weeks of no work, I finally work 4 hours tomorrow and next Wednesday.
With hannah banana : D
RT :  only took a week  dats too long Fool...
Lollmao you wild pimp
Reading Cosmo instead of doing my homework....priorities
I know that's what I was thinking...
haha
Never liked the pink bats.
After the KomenPlanned Parenthood spat, I dislike them even more.
Paragon Pharmacies Limited Reports Second Quarter Financial Results
Who wants a Free 1 hr demo session ?
See what we can do for you on your next project
that's where I spent years 218.
so I guess that's where I'm from.
: turtles are not vicious.
They are more passive aggressive.
The like to eat worms too.
Mann Van Gundy needa shut the f up!
Gets too emotional with the rules.
youknowyourschooliscrazywhen your history teacher takes your class outside  chases you to the parking lot w/ a plastic sword on a stick.
The moment Trotsky began reading the article, he gave me my chance...
Have a productive weekend.
Smile, hug and do something nice for one another.
That's an order!
lol!
I really hope another network picks up new show Downwardly Mobile.
We need her  John Goodman on television again!!
We're all about pastels today.
Let's see some colorful, yet not too bright, style.
Golf courses look especially extravagent and out of place from the air.
Good luck!
Good day work!
After a long weekend, it feels good to get my routine back!
This summer will be DOPE!
oh wow, she used to be my least favorite, i like her though!
Chandler is just the funniest  most relatable for me though
In the good news department: Just set up the TiVo to record Masterpiece Theatre's Sherlock.
Yes!
: Sunday morning rain is falling in Maryland as well!
How is it you go to the Derby the one year I'm not there?
Boo.
It's not over tonight , just gimme one more chance to make it right , I may not make it through the night , I won't go home without you
Someday I will finally be followed by my dear mother monster.
I' ll be enthusiasted if that happens.
Gosh!
What a bitch I am!
Damn thought the blues would have at least one W in them
Thank you so much for the support Ashlyn!!
:D
doesn't everyone know that a Bush blows in the wind and with it changes direction!!!
Report consumer interaction events verbatum to management to ensure complaints, questions, etc.
are fully understood
Have you post part 7 ?
:
Tired.
Woke up at like 7 somethng.
HEY YA'LL!
Please RT this  get others to follow !
Special announcements coming soon, for now visit www.melodicnoise.com
Cramps,knee,ankle,shoulder,wrist.
Yup told you I'm
Oh good, they are tree trimming on both sides of my apartment.
Stereo!
LAST WEEK OF THE SALE!!!
And like that, Joe Biden altered his historical legacy from blabbering laughing stock to civil rights icon.
That's because he's a sexist pig, but I would totally get on that if I was a girl.
Jeff Parker's latest, 'Bright Light in Winter', is pretty great.
Ever interviewed him ?
Commentary and a Makingof doc
out on a limb is a probleeemoo...
Shit stoooopiddddddd
aw, not gonna lie that made me smile.
But don't get any ideas..
I still hate you.
and me.
right here
RUNNERS AND WALKERS: We will have race results posted tomorrow.
Stay tuned and we will let you know where to find them!
:
A simple I love you means more than money.
Frank Sinatra
sorry man, read about the show getting cancelled.
hope bigger and better things come your way!
Coming up on , apps claiming to give you a leg up in tonight's MegaMillions jackpot...
Last tweet from the holy land!
FloRida is on every radio station right now.
Good feeling and WildOne twice
This is SS cool!!!
I can too!
I just don't know what to edit.
:
on my way!
hell yes, I love these guys.
Gonna be scary good when they get healthy too.
good luck!
How will inovative healthcare providers use tablets in the future?
Conversation starting ...
now.
Listening to AllTheWay for like the 100th time tonight!!
Love it so much : :
Sounds more like a campaign speech than a plan2 recreate the budget.
Is the city council onboard with the mayor?
please tell me there will be an LA Sawtooth performance.
I leave for the west in the morning.
: Aye!
Birthday shoutout to my girl karleeelovesyou 3 I love you!
I love you more!
:
Forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you.
All men should doctorss like Dondoctorper 3 :
that's why I assume they're all African haha
I always get chills at that part in Buffy, in the 3rd season finale, when the whole class rises and is like WE ARE UNITED.
WE HAVE WEAPONS.
Just handed Jackson the case for the aristocats and no joke without me saying anything he says aristocats wow.
4 syllables lol.
Q.
What causes runner's high?
A.
Running
Mostly 4 NBA biz; BUT, NBA should def.
be involved in refining US player dev; whether it be college, or better DLeague, or overseas
wait..
You're wanting to for really buy my iPod?
:O
happy i saw Sat Give Up is great.
Been a fan since early 2000s his new stuff is amazing.
cant wait for more
Sounds like you'll be having a great time.
Have a safe trip!
Great idea RT : A3: Does anyone send individualized announcement to new eboard members' hometown/community papers?
It was a blast, let's go and make deals.
Another successful performance; the audience definitely received our performance.
guys be nice
ICantDateYouIf you can't give me personal space
Sick of hearing heteronegative rants when I tell other gays I prefer going to straight EDM clubs.
I go off  lecture them when I hear shit.
How is everyone doing so far ?
Thanks Autumn :
It does not matter how slowly you go, as long as you do not stop.
Confucius
Who cares about the world cup !!!
Back down to reality.
Have 72k after bricking two flush doctorws vs an avillian
maybe if it's a different color hah!
Send me some!
Couldn't resist the dual retweets as I have not retweeted you in awhile and they seem like such a great pair...
shes fine too
Maintaining my FB friend list and like 20 people deactivated their accounts.
Funny how this stuff is so much fun at first..
Hum.
Also just confirmed a couple of cool venues for February, details soon!
I liked Ashley in the blind rounds and the battle...lets see how she fdoes here
Im guessing no austream today :
love u too!
C u n a min!
Happy Monday!
Who attended the Central CA Auto Show?
How did you like it?
What was your favorite Ford vehicle that was on display?
Spotted at the game: Coach Lynch, former IU Football head coach
What's is the deal with this Pittsburgh Weather
me too, but either way you coming in the winter!
:
Hunt: Intl comm needs to be proactive in addoctorssing potential crises rising in Bosnia.
Who all stand in place of those that forgot me.
I commend you.
it must be a hardship to conduct such villainy in the face of grace.
RT : You're completely missing the boat on Chris Polk if he's outside your Top100  ranked behind guys like James  Pead.
We serve jobready women by Referral from 90 local Nonprofessorts: DomesticViolence, HomelessShelters, JobTraining,
Worrying works!
90 of the things I worry about never happen.
Agrees.
New Working Animal Health Insurance now available in Canada  US for Service Animals.
Contact us 4 details!
ItsAwkwardWhen you look good  the sex is bad...
aigabrightlights Bob Vogle  I never had a sad moment running a design firm.
We go for the pristine  narrowly intellectual, but should probably be teaching entrepreneurship to our Ph.Ds.
AAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!: SCREAM IF U LOVE DJ LUNCHBOX AND INTERN ADAM!
betterwithnashville
Hey Nice live tweeting of Judge Biebel's speech to the Women's Bar Association of Illinois!
I learned about bike parts this weekend at 's Mechanics 101 class.
Worthwhile if you want to learn about your bicycle.
RT : NOPD will conduct a sobriety checkpoint in Treme from 9 p.m.
Friday until 5 a.m.
Saturday.
It's a great day when you can wake up to a laugh...
intentional or not.
It feels good to love somebody nd know they love you bak 3
Austin's body is getting better ;
Your service includes our placing your ad sleeves into Coffee shops to be distributed into coffee sold by fuese shops.
Which is better?
Paper cups because they are bio degradable or plastic cups because they save trees?
Couldn't find advil but I found some random pills covered in white stuff.
So I took them why hello there rainbows and kittens
stupid auto correct.
girls with boyfriends..
I may be ahead of myself f though.
great blog, didn't know you had one.
keep me posted on new entries.
Coming back to the station anytime soon?
hot dogs.
RT : If you digitally enhance a police video of Rush Limbaugh, you can clearly see colonies of fire ants living in his folds.
My son decided that all the spaghetti should be on the floor.
Wonderful.
I Love  believe in my country!
Me too!
We haven't either.
But every year about this time I start thinking about planting seeds, getting ready for this yrs garden!
HIRING a Senior ACCOUNTANT in WEST TAMPA  CONTACT ME ASAP  start a new job in JANUARY
First TBS gave Conan a home and now they're saving Cougar Town?
I'm starting to like that network!

It's one of those days...sorry
in school new job 1 thing missin?
u
Is that what causes an eye twitch?
I've had mine for almost a week.
Thought it was due to long hours in front of the comp!
Our air conditioning broke :o it's so freakin hot right now.
Now I know how felt.
Hahaa
what about a nutsack for your cat?
The pleasure was all mine!
RT thanks for an amazing workshop in T.O.
It was full of laughs, packed with eyeopening knowledge!
There is 2 THINGS that people throw there MONEY away at.....
HEALTH and PLEASURE...
welcome to Green Bay!
Titletown, U.S.A.
3rd down sack specialist!
Soulful Teena Marie singing Frank Loesser's If I Were a Bell.
bit.ly/xDbAVY fb.me/1h85doctorcY
Yay!
Its raining!
Hey Pickerington  Be tenacious  beat Ignatius!!!
Faulkner once said that it was his ambition to be voided from history, no refuse save the printed books.
He would not have used Twitter.
The FBI is investigating reports that News Corporation sought to hack the phones of victims of the 9/11 terror attacks BBC
LLS MY BOO!!!
yes the land 216!!
I told her...
That's why when u die...
This is so frustrating.
A very winnable game  they just had a chance to get back into it.
Boozer  CJ are Philly's best players tonight.
FoodAllergyAwarenessWeek  great info for parents from doctor Kelso on this morning.
Yeah, sure.
No, thank you!
Hope you had a good time!
Thanks for the follow!
I followed back!
um hi...
Already knew that
ratchet ass
I NEED to get some really great headshots for cheap!..
my agent doesnt like the ones I just got done!
Any referrals??
I guess my FaceBook password was too easy!
hahahahaa I love him!
The Belly of an Architect was okay, but I LOVE Brian Dennehy's character's name: Stourley Kracklite.
I saw Roberta Gambarini at Jazz Alley this week.
Great time with friends.
I love this...Keep in mind stressed is desserts spelled backwards!
you are wearing a canadian tux today...ew
The Salvation Army's Food Pantry is part of an Emergency Assistance program to help prevent homelessness in Miami.
Sandwich Party at TBoCA HQ Conceived Exciting Collaborations.
TinBox o Curious Artifacts is Destined to Change the Way You Look  Retail
haha already did an ikr!!!
I lovee usher!
But i love one direction so much more3333
But seriously, if  really had light bursts shooting out of their boobs I bet they could score on Japan.
No one Pho should have all that power.
I already have a plan of moving there.
I'm marrying an Australian.
I am NOT marrying an American.
I vow.
hussing up my buttons
As long as the CATS win tonight I could care less if they burn the whole city down!
someday?
I'd like to be able to catch the grammatical error BEFORE I hit send.
le sigh.
will this episode be on fox.com?
Replacing stolen goods doesn't count
Thanks!
Hope to see you again soon!
not going to lie, i think i'm going to put awksteezey in my rotation.
:/ not if you already have one
Even though he doesn't have a Twitter shutout to RJ Thorne for hooking me up with those Grizz tickets!
Love you man!
We'll definitely be back.
Warner Brothers?
Who dey?
Yes IC may even have gotten it from family.
Saw that statement after piece written.
Delicate matter, but doubtful accurate.
With the best friend being lazy and eating cake before valentine's day.
Why ?
'Cause we're cool like that, and we like sugar.
Victory !
Second loc of money coming soon so stay tuned!!
who joined nychunt.com
Do you like the trade?
The nasty things we talk about in music app..
kind of afraid the neighbors are going to catch me perched on the stoop, sitting on a case of wine.
I'd like to see less restrictions on campaign finance.
Not more.
It's not possible to regulate.
Homeschool Moms  bring your kids to SECCA to see how international artists are visualizing the tension between electronic media and paper.
Text FOOD to 52000 to feed a family of 4 in
oh my
Never say never 3
Yes, we have to do that together !
Plus we can get some service hours for NJHS !
Finding a liquor store in the middle of nowhere appears to be a problem.
.
.
I could listen to this song everyday for the rest of my life 24/7 and it will never get old
's 3 Questions: What do we mean by data modeling?
What about markup?
What about schemas
officially a Millikin University softball player!
Thinking about your garden?
Do you know which squash has a mostly green exterior  acorn, butternut, or spaghetti?
Wow.
Things just keep getting better and better!!
What's better than going to the flop with KK and having the disappointment of the door ace followed by the elation of the K right behind it?
I desperately want to go bungee jumping but don't know if I have the guts...
My dad sat down and watched the video with me: ImSoProud Justin BIebbberrrr is gorjoeuuuuuss!
yep, glofish.
Sweet, I'll look that up tonight.
bru im so tempted to listen to dese leaked cole songz but i wnna buy it n get da full experience...
My 4 year old son has a CHD.
Handy reference: Index of online services avlble in each state 4 lowincome benefit prgrms, incl.
Medicaid  CHIP bit.ly/sxKgIC
I can't wait for season 2 of awkward.
Omg.
just realized my allergies haven't kicked in this year!!
sweet!!
well keep rollin cause i dont sleep at night remeber
Oh please, Steve: Better than the rooftop pool Beverly Hills or 's?
Keep things in perspective!
Very Sad, my daughter the fancy chicken hobby farmer lady found out what crazy like a fox means.
Only 5 of 12 left, three ducks gone.
Sad
Yup Trey we cumin for u 
Preparing for another day of dancing for thousands of people from all races and ages.
BLESSED!
Thanks for the RTs!
:

nice seeing you today...
hope your guard wasn't up then.
LOL.
Keep smiling...
I like that better
at least hard courts are in fairly consistent shape.
except poor armstrong last year with its bubbling fountain after all the rain...
Oh Brett.
Please don't make me fire up mourn4.com again.
I swear I'll do it!!!
Time For Floyd Mayweather to button this thing up right quick
what causes the foam?
Dick Clark will be missed like all the big name entertainers who have gone b4 us.
Nuff Blessings DC
I haven't seen it either, but I really need to now.
Alan Greenspan talks at Innovation Nation event I am attending.
I sounded so sad.....lol
my long distance relationship, or how to be a decent guy but still feel like a terrible boyfriend anyway  last 2 weeks  next 4 months
That's certainly a better use of your time and something everyone should do.
RT if you love your Granada Hills , CA fans!!
WAT IF GOT A TATTOO I WONDER WAT HIS MOM WOULD THINK ?
S/O to my new follower 
Hm...quadoctorple Macchiato and a raspberry danish from Red Hen
So cute!
Girl, you were fine until your sister woke up.
Live every moment, laugh every day, love beyond words.
For some institutions, that's a plus!
: RT : Eep!
Applicants who write about exp w More Process Less Product
I think I love Nike
I'm not, unfortunately.
Hopefully the next networking event.
and doctorw Something.
Happy Friday!!
Everything good???
Scottsdale the veal is the best ever!!!!
Reported ball players out on the town Go
LOL IT IS FOR ME JULY 16T NEW YORK BABY!!!
Chemistry can go die.
I ben texted u back
Scottsdale district turns school bus into 39;computer carriage39;
Awww so cute!!
I cant wait till we get a girlfriend for ours :
Seems many mnleg senators are asking, Howe does this work?
re: Sen Howe amedment on Vikings stadium
I'll tell you in 3rd
CALEB IS GOING HOME THANKS FOR ALL WELL WISHES, PRAYERS,CONCERNS IN HIS ILLNESS LOADS OF LOVE AND MANY HUGS TO ALL GOD BLESS YOU THANK U
I've got money, I'm a boss, hustlin like Ricky Ross
Dang, I have a big weekend ahead of me!
bad link Brother
Correct, I invited two dozen LOCAL friends.
And I did tweet about it earlier, so y'all would know!
;
I'll let these shoes go for 80.
Did you see Wade barking at Spoelstra?
Not good.
Our Newark office is open today from 85.
No appt.
necessary for optical services.
110 High St.
315.331.5721 to make an exam appt.!!!!
Just had a doctoram I was back home at workin the front desk on a busy day.
My vaca almost over than it's back to work
Missin my elementary school days
Making the trek to LA and the dentist.
My confirmation is today yeee:
Take risks u can afford.
Never jump all the way out there
Hanging out with the frattiest of guys.
And watching basketball.
Big day 2day.
My flag football team is in the superbowl and I am quarterback.
Beautiful sold out webester studio!
Thanx to our friends Nat and Alex and to the gorgeous crowd!
One of our best shows ever!
thank you
your fine I ended up getting shit faced
Choir field trip with ugly raptar green doctorss!
Love is like the wind.
You can't see it, but, you feel it.
My girl is spinning her ass off, like ..
4 all the tea in china.
I hope so, man!
wish i had a blunt right about now
Medicine is a money game ....
i wish i were famous
The roof is open, the beer is pouring and basketball is on tv!!!!
Oh yea it's happy hour till 7.
Come join the fun.
Miss my mother, wish I was with her during mother's day.
Wackest thing i read all night.
ill go fucking crazy at a party if i doctornk a monster Nigga are you serious..
He is all ice and wooden faced acrobatics.
Percy Wyndham Lewis about Wystan Hugh Auden
Hey Larry how ya doing?!
Just gotta say you're my favorite WR outside of the Green Bay crew!
Come to GB!
Haha
Firefly marathon, crafty fun, then watching fireworks from a boat?
Happy 4th of July!
thank you!
Nice Warhol graphic!!!...FIERCE...have a gr8 weekend!
who?
?
I've personally talked to him he's an awesome dude and has great fkn music lol did you listen to him yet??
For me bleached wd be bolder move than tinted blue.
I'm not THAT daring.
You've got great midlife cars.
Isn't that enough :
its time i learn how to do hair...for when my weave is in a crisis like it is now
A gradschool friend's exGF is actually in that film.
Hate brings me down.
Dont worry...plenty of us have your back...this is a great adventure...be the hero of your story
Want this day to pass quick
Super excited!
Miss Carnaval Miami 2012 starting in a few minutes :
VOLCANO DOES IT SCARE YOU??
Working with the Talent Manager in LA that contacted me through So many good things to look forward to!
Busy day  good!
Bummin about Beasties  very bad
GET JENNETTE MILLION FOLLOWERS
Y'all gotta feel Obama tonite..!!
If you a democratic like my status..
I swear I attract MILF'S these older ladies gonna have a heart attack fucking with me LBVS
It's on and poppin'!
Cute, discounted fashion in the Gulch next to Urban Flats 'til 4 today.
Come on down.
5
hahaha!
That would be awesome!
Half of the awkward moments people put aren't even awkward..
just dumb.
Advice for a happy marriage: Never yell at each other unless the house is on fire.
Now, if you'll just man up and apologize to mister Harden, you MIGHT not get booed again in OKC...but I doubt it.
on Chambers  venti cinnamon dolce...ah
What does the last day of the month mean to you?
hey now.
Ik it's true but that's we're I'm from and it will always be my favorite team.
peace King
How the fuck did student loans get my number?
Time to change it.
Jonathan Price's phone isn't for shit like that.
Man im hungey
Tony Parker Wins the Skills Challenge!!!
It is to early to be up right now..life is good..
Don't you want to take a leap of faith?
Or become an old man, filled with regret...
Which outfielder do you think is the best?
This has been one of the best MadMen episodes in awhile...
I had Lane too!
I would be like IDC!
Just dont break my 3!
Let's go
Tan, come son usted amigo?
:
Going to jam with at Sobe in Clarendon for my belated bday celebration and then more karaoke in AdMo.
Yay!
he's so noble it inspires me
''would you like a free condom?
Its boisonberry''
Hahaha, you were one game off.
LA KINGS, CLIPPERS, LAKERS.
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
I do, but it's being taken care of through my personal trainer and chiropractor.
Cowboys will not give up...GO TEAM!
Had a perfect day on our boat!
they aren't saying much.
Just that he's not with the team.
You must be a liberal, judging by your nasty reply to me.
I am happy with what is doing and support him 1000
Could be.
Or just sticking with general mythologies like they do with the Latin and demons.
As long as its in the ballpark
Happy birthday brother :
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms out there.
Okay, sounds good.
That sounds great, but that's not how it comes across when it is shared directly with somebody who didn't ask.
Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers and single mothers and expecting mothers :!
God bless u!
And have a GREAT day 
well, at least i learned that some people in our school are hurting deeply.
really, where do you live?
you told everybody that on your channel already, anyways...
EVERYBODY SUBSCRIBE TO MY TWITTER PEOPLES ON TWITTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well there we go !
Rejoicing in hope...devoted to prayer.
Romans 12:12
I found you BABE
Who Here Has Tasted Nutella.?: I Havent And I Feel Left Out!
RT If Yuh Have NOT Tasted Nutella.:
Jonathan is awesome
green tea  pollen count.
i'm never gonna catch my breath.
say good by to those who knew me.
boy was i a fool in school for cutting gym.
Looking forward to a Sarah  David's gorgeous ceremony this weekend!
Congratulations!
Read the bible
into the world of confidence, absolutely!!!
which is no small feat...I can't comment on the content of your talk :
and where are you going?
Me too.
I hope if this does come to court  she has to testify that they do all the same things they did for the Rutgers guy
thx!Love your show:
TAOM might be the start of a nice little uptrend...
Check out MyTrendybuzz.
Definitely interested!
Another sad day in Israel.
My thoughts are with all of my friends fighting for peace with the IDF.
Oh gosh....
is in a dance off!
I think he just pulled his hami.
SEIPDX WellsFargoHereNow
there's bots for that?
LOL
Lets get it started in here !
Ooh, what do Fiona's new songs sound like?
Hoping the Oregon cost recovers quickly from the tsunami impact.
RandomQuestion who picks your guys' doctorver, and merch guy?
Coming up in the mix on fb next week
fame n success
True, but if George Zimmerman was black and shot Trayvon Martin would anyone know about it?
It takes a bold man to get his eyebrows plucked for everyone to see at the mall.
Might want to save that for home mister...
The biggest challenge is that we've picked the low hanging fruit  need to make it known that we are still not even close.
Photo shoot next Saturday in Malibu, wonderful!
Reading  gathering are the enemy of the powerful  Dean Bakopoulos
hows my new engineer/co producer doing today
no more photographic evidence.
thanks for following meeh
Sure.
I enjoyed kicking back for a listen!
All my life I've been considered as the worse RT : Fuck that shit I wanna toke guns and shoot dice
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldnt say any other way  things I had no words for.
NEXT BIG TEEN COMING TO ATLANTA,GA AND RICHMOND,VA..SOON!!!!
you guys definitely won the prank war.
Y'all had the best pranks!
Haha
Try our chocolate chip cookies.
They are the best!
We will be releasing our holographic photo ID cards for cannabis patients within a week.
Patients after 5/1/11 can purchase them for 15.
ColumbusCrew man!
Closest team we have.
Gotta support the
In proud to call myself a mahomie: love you  please follow
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.
Hebrews 11:1
Oh man some people!!!
Tomorrow: Join clergy, home care clients, seniors, workers  concerned citizens as we travel to Albany to demand quality homecare for ...
it is oppresively hot outside.
.
.
don't bother leaving the office.
.
just chill in the AC, you can thank me later
Jealousy.
A really good friend to me.
that would be sick to go to!
RT : Are you asking your customers what works best for them?
customerservice via on LIVE NOW
: DF11 This becoming a religious experience and with good reason, this stuff is changing the world
Martha, Martha, Martha's Vineyard
Welcome to Louisville.
Just filming here in short term, or longer or coming back again?
Im just NotFeelingIt !!!!
Encino Eddie the Lizard saw his shadow today, which means the Valley gets 6 more weeks of 80 degrees and windy.
did you do any black Friday shopping?
30 days till Christmas!
I think I finally got the hang of mastering music ....
Good looking cuzo fa the programs
What's the difference between Golf and Bowling?
It's not as easy to lose your ball when Bowling!
:
I think it looks great!
Very pretty color combo.
I think the long run of craziness caught up with me finally
Remember the old adage...always go with your gut!
:
Sims has been trying to jinx it since the fourth inning haha.
He's a Mariners announcer
What was your last photography/film related purchase?
Tell us what you got!
I figured, stupid question!
No, not yet.
We're taking off tomorrow.
howd doctorving go ?
where will i get a hawkeye costume for the avengers movie!
Time for another cupa tea before lunch.
Sasha you sound like you've OD'd on movies a little.
That must happen when it's one's job, no?
WewontWorkOutIf you can't show me off to you'r friends and family...
yeah me too.
I had a research paper to do.
Worst Groupon Deal of 2012 thus far, 6 tickets for the new Katherine Heigl flick One for the Money.
always tune in to Channel 7, great seeing you!
great song!
I lost that CD.
Need it again!
haha yea I guess I'm lucky :P lol
Follow the WestmadeStraightpaid family while you're at it.
Today we're holding a marketing workshop for our summer season partners.
Follow along as we tweet
i brought cakeballs to work today: gonein15mins!
That's missing some text.
hi Christina!
Thanks for following us!
:D
I gravely underestimated fashion bloggers.
It's hard as hell to make one of those trend board things.
Took me almost two hours!
Oh yes!
And the inventor lived right near Brady Street.
where do I apply?
LabRats is on in a little!
:
Got the new nexus s phone from Google today.
My palm pre finally bit the dust
united or continental?
I'm confused, so were employees.
Thx.
Karen Cartwright kicks Rachel Berrys ass.
Sorry
Last day of classes before finals....goodbye weekend, hello studying
Norton, I been watchin you.
And I know you been watchin me.
And I know that you know that I know you been watchin me.
Also takeout and delivery is available today, please give our doctorvers ample amount of time to make the deliveries in the rain.
ill text you when I get out of school.
People need to get off of their high horse about the celebrations last night.
Yes, there are a lot of people from State St.
who are doctornken
Your panel sounds interesting!
Hope to meet you too.
Im never involved in doctorma.
It's so juvenile.
That's why my circle is tight, just right
Fck that they fired me for some bull so i sit my as home and STILL MAKE THEY MONEY!
I love the rain.
Deer  turkeys running around outside my window.
St.
Maarten's this week?
oh of course lol you should hear/see trying to sing it
I got a mouth like a sailor  yours is more like a hallmark card.
Adversity is a strong wind; tears away from us all but the things that cannot be torn, so that we see ourselves as we really are.
A.
Golden
oh lol contact my management
Memo to : Romney was specifically asked about Trayvon Martin and DUCKED it.
Ridiculous to give him a pass.
How's those WestSide stories
Wow, that's great.
Thanks for telling me.
I try not to look at it all that often.
It's easy to become obsessive that way.
Good morning!
Happy day3
aw briebriee happy birthday again baby doll and wahh ikk the only reason i miss my berry is bbm and youuy 33
Re: Cust Svc outsourcing: Just because the labor is cheap, doesn't mean the customer's experience should be treated as less valuable.
I would love 2 go 2 breakfast like right now:
it's a blessing : : I got a flat and a van full of guy nuns pulled up next to me n is helping me, its a sign from god lol.
do it!
Glad I could be of service.
:D
Annual meeting about to begin.
Topics anyone??
Is there a better tsotchke creation site than Cafe Press?
got a plan of action for 2011?
I do!
Lets chat if you are ready for a change!
according to Hannah Rempel, she didn't realize it was you.
She was looking for freshfaced eager student pic
lol me too!
I LOVE wearestoopkid
thanks for another powerful word.
My experiences may not match my expectations all the time, but I still believe!
Its sunday!
Tune into right now!
supportlocalmusic!
Ill be back WED night
The best part about the with was them validating my belief that the SG is one of the best axes EVAR.
It's certainly inspiring to contemplate just how much Adam Yauch was able to accomplish in 47 yrs.
He was a musical  cultural gamechanger.
shut yr face
heartbreak warfare
Examine your thinking.
Confront your reality.
Acquire powerful skills.
Our workshops arent for the faint of heart.
Ididnttextyouback because im sick of the emotional roller coaster you put me on!!!
Thanks for the follow!
:D Diggin It doesn't matter what I do!
Hello Carmen, great job
Pancake House Fundoctoriser Tomorrow!
Between 7am and 3 pm, eat at the pancake house!
15 of net proceeds go to us!
i could be doing something productive but instead i'm just sitting around listening to rick ross  eating popcorn
YOU DOING A GREAT JOB SIR, GOD BLESS.
My first St.
Patrick's day in 4 years that I haven't been at SXSW.
Bummer!
skintern season is upon us, DC.
hide your boyfriends
CS folks rightfully get annoyed with we speak of programming  coding; the same is true when I hear them discuss storytelling  narrative
Such a great first day of summer!
Perfect for iced teas in the garden or on the patio :
Thanks for the FF and back at you!
Have a great week :
Masai Ujiri is such a boss.
Sayin we'll match any offer for tellin the teams to bring it, sounds like confidence to me
Demi is so fuckin ugly.
Excuse me?!
Hold my motherfuckin earrings, watches, bracelets, rings, glasses.
Bitch, say that again.
Ron Paul didn't deliver 4,000 babies.
He simply read them the Constitution and the babies crawled out on their own in anticipation for thei
blushes yes, it took us 55 tries, but it's now right.
Also, our webmaster should be updating the site w/registration info soon.
thanks, enjoy!
Yup!
: Well that's what everyone's saying in my class the girls even bought the tickets so I guess it's true!
Office Closed rest of the week, but people will be there at 9 AM each day.
Absences are excused, be safe.
I miss your smile, but i miss mine even more.
Me and my Boyfriend broke up today :'
I can only take mature, positive ppl in my circle
I remember now...
Yall party at moct RT : RT : Can't remember the last time I set foot in a MKE club...
A lot of ppl look like there moms on instagram
Thanks very much, and the kids seemed to be having a blast!
You didnt take a camera And you were thier since 8:00 am So you should of taken a picture with him Justsaying !
sounds like a good idea.
Migraines can be so debilitating!
4 myself, it's about positive change  salary not on list of concerns.
Thanks for the info : I was using the Wacom Bamboo Stylus for the iPad doctorwing
Levels up to 75150.
Staying steady at 10K
RT : Filmmaking is a challenge  you're always asked to do something that you're not sure you know how to do
imagine college hill w instruments
Where its never sunny, the darkside of the moon
Never play uno w/ a mexican...
For some reason the green cards always seem to disappear Insider LOL
Any chance will get to see your AW daughter on screen soon?
True, but that also brings on the expanded waistline and the diabetes.
RT Were looking for people who live  work in 92101 please  reply us so we can connect with you!
downtown
I love you !!
was zayn orgasmic or what?!
will stay in touch.
Thanks for the tweet.
yes totally rock on.
way to pump it up.
etc.
;
you can do it!!
Rob Schneider voice
Thanks for the follow Doll!
We need to do another shoot sometime.
happy belated...
Hope it was a good one
Workplace Fashion SOS: Quick And Unexpected Fixes For Apparel Disasters
Looking for a freelance IA in PDX to work on interesting projects.
Please RT and/or DM me if you are interested.
GypsyWedding is a very interesting show
Nothing fcks up your Friday more than realizing it's Wednesday.
That is what we like to hear!
Be sure to spread the word and APPLY!
:
my other car aint take this much money..
i guess thats what i get for wanting this car so bad
I do RT .Who besides ME thinks that it is FRAUDULENT for the ASPCA to pay their CEO EDWIN SAYRE 536,000 A Yr.
Of DONATIONS
lol I was definitely multiple tasking pretty well 
Horny is the King of making men do stupid stuff.
Just ask B Petrino and T Woods.
thanks for the plug!
How are things by you?
Plans for the weekend?
cus u think its cool to do..
again proving my point lol
Wearing my natural hair tomorrow!
I'm happy for you!
You have worked hard for it.
Getting ready for another photo shoot.
Ahah.
Bummed is a silly word..; Rad too?
Man, you're like a dictionary of coolness .
And yess..
Haha.
Guitars cool.
:O3
Our new iPad ad platform will unveil at Choice Hotels starting with the first 25 in the DC area.
Located on the front counter.
can't get it to open : : just sent you the funniest face book pic ever...
in a private message
Fucking cookie frogs in puerto rico.
Hana
Man in the mirror 3
It was a good conversation about touch interfaces.
try to prove things to yourself, impress yourself, NOT others.
I'm ready to see play live.
SRSLY
Love the happy hour at Luc Lac.
How can you go wrong with 2 small plates?
Delicious, too.
I may have clapped out loud at my gate when the Mets took the lead.
I hope to see a big W when I arrive home.
Waiting for this pizza to cool off...
Good afternoon!
Watching miobi in history because my computer refuses to work 
:P i cant i have a partner and its about the sun 
My 6 year old is still going strong
largest nugget Gold medalwinner denies deception ;O
I think this economics final paper is giving me a headache...I'm tired of looking at stocks!!
Lmfao these 2Chainz tweets right now 
Marianne Solivan team has crafted music as if with one mind, following each other's inventive twists  turns with an intuitive simpatico.
Good day at work!
Twitter is the best!
Still loving it after all this time.
It's instant communication!
:P
:/ that sucks.
Don't let ur day end negatively turn it around
I wanna see The Vow !
someone is gonna take me
YES!
best thing ever hahahaha
Ron Brooks assigned Jabari Greer's old Bills number.
I like.
dhtrial elevator alarm from hell.
Keeps coming back on.
Will it roust a slumbering jury?
HowToPissAFemaleOff SAY YOUR ON THE WAY AND NEVER SHOW UP, THEN CALL HER THE NEXT DAY SAYIN SO WHATS UP WITH THAT TWAT
HAHA!
same here, but if im pissed off imma be like bitch move the fuck away and then i'll run lol
smh ...
damn...
I already know...
r u on the phones?
women's rights and foreign policy ;
Thanks for the RT!
RT : rockies are back
Going to see project X tonight with Michael :
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Daniel Webster
I've been doing okay how about you?
Ridiculous that the referees are going to have such an impact at the end of this game
Dude.
I Love Your Interviews.
I Die Laughing ALL Of The Time.!
c:
Good.
At least you are useful...
Lady on the street in Vancouver wearing a shirt that reads, Looks like a hot dog, smells like a peach.
I thought so.
You're very pretty : 3
haha.
I've always wanted to be one!
happy birthday!!!
I lov Tinka!
X
SHUT UP!!!
I want to see her live in the worst way!!!

the 347 Club in Baltimore about to throw down with Baretta.
Should be a fun hit.
VI massive in the building!!
It's a rap!
oh okay :
Seen: our curated webinar series.
If only it were hacking our curated webinar series woulda hit my word pet peeve trifecta
me to but I can't fall asleep.
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
Rule 1: I'm always right Rule 2: If I'm ever wrong, please see rule
I am always the one that doctorves in our family.
precious luh brother funny,he be trying to rap nd sht
Hahahahahahah :D Sorry my bad
or pop!
if you see a van doctorving around town honk if your hungry to get some snacks for the concert!
omg that is adorable.
And now I'm singing the song on my head :
Evaluation of the quality of sources need to be better: for the teacher and student.
Janoris Jenkins fits with Cortland Finnegan and Jeff Fisher's Rams.
The production thats on my album oh yes its official
We're going to be making a BIG announcement soon for our new single BeautifulComeback and we're going to need your help!
Stay tuned!
My dad just called me a brat.
SMH.
I'm starting to think it's not meant to be.
/3 :
Sometimes I wonder 
good morning to you!
All these questions on The Subsitute are so easy .
yeah!
my computer is filled with 'em!
aaa2010 At the Digital Liberalism panel.
It's packed to the walls.
Can a grad student be proud of her advisor?
lol I get off at 5.
Okay I've finally made it...
I'm at a party with Lindsey Lohan.
Hahahaha!
Can't wait to see and the rest of my family this weekend for the 4th of July!
thank you so much for your support!!
Welcome back, students, to a new school year!
Nephew Tommy is stupid lololololololololol
If you dont signal..
I will not let you out.
DO NOT HOLD A DAGGER TO YOUR SISTER
If the NBA season was just the format of the current playoffs, I would totally watch from beginning to end.
If I send my dad letters mmh ....
I'm glad our president can make jokes about all the craziness
I think we're having our first fight
That you are, congrats!
Let us know if you need any help with your marketing campaigns :
is very sexy, beautiful and a super star!
Kurt cobain is on the street car playing his guitar.
I heart portland!
RT : God bless Junior...an inspiration to so many
As much as WI love football its torture watching the games on MN v Denver and Chi KC, this is amateur hour
lol hopefully I will get it in the summer went I go up north!:Thanx
hmu if u want a shirt or a button
Sagues: students today know their online teacher better than their classroom teacher
occupyrva Police are not allowing anyone else to collect things from the occupation.
A dump truck is on scene to take away everything.
RT : A3: Urban, creative, experimental  Crazy, fun, history related 
RT : Are YOU presenting at iste12 ?
hahahaha just cause you suck at bball don't bring it down
It was UltraDavid who said the 2 words part not Keits, Besides he's a lawyer, you can't fault him
Another beautiful day in Michigan!
Enjoying the sunshine while it is here.
You too!
miss you too!
Have fun !
sad day
Ughh tired doctornk
As adults, we teach kids manners and how to be a good person, when we, ourselves are just assholes...
interesting.
last day in NYC
Went to girlsintech at twist and was stunned to meet more men and random sales people then girlsintech :S
please follow :
Do You believe that FB is a growing organization?
History leads MONTELLCOMPANY to believe that FB has reached its peak.
Made some cookies as in with
Tierra, thanks for the follow, doctorams are great to sell!
And they normally follow rule of thirds haha.
That is the most important rule ever.
Participating in a presentation by Glenn Mitroff, Volunteer Coordinator at WORT Community Radio.
hello we are Twins Alex and AJ and we are here preparing to take the entertainment field by storm..
Madison Pharmacy Associates: Born from a vision to help women manage symptoms of menopause thru customized, natural hormone prescriptions.
aww thank you!!
Long live the cardigan :
Checking the teacher 
At kiddo's school watching the talent show auditions ...
funny, talented and fearless kids!
Is this how your business sounds to your customers?
Make bank
NBCSportsNetwork Dave Strader joins RIGHT NOW talking Coyotes Hockey.
what a great show!
Joe T and then Bob one take Ubanks!!
Def no tamow on todays show
Good Morning..Come hang with us on Funky Friday and pick up a 12 gram with any 50 donation!
Our strain of the day is Tahoe Blue.
:
The NBA!
Where BullShit happens!!!
Tony Parker has 3 rings and an NBA Finals MVP award.
What does LBJ have?!?
Nothing!
That's Parker's award
Who said actors are overpaid?
Working on our EP!
I'm into having intercourse, that's something that interests you.
Why does nobody ever mention Peggy's baby on Mad Men??
thanks for sharing Bret
I hear ya man, I was thinking about that yesterday
Love one another and you will be happy.
It's as simple and as difficult as that.
See that man who thinks hes so smart?
You can expect far more from a fool than from him.
Proverbs 26:12
that sounds like my normal day
Thanks, John.
It's kind of you to share our work.
If you don't mind, how did you come across the video?

if u on birth control
Hello ATLANTA!!!
Make sure everyone that don't live in Atlanta send pics to so y'all can be apart of his video Headlines!!!!!
How's everyone?
:
Watching Tarzan on Disney
What does Lupus mean?
O.o 3
Listening to Innovation Hub.
Fascinating.
Much appreciate your insights, experience and comments.
Hey, I got both goals right.
Lesson for you kids.
In a bind for an OT pool, always pick Briere.
He's putting it in one way or another
who am i becoming ?
this isn't me at all.
somebody tell me who i am...because idk anymore..
i'm suffocating

Prom dancing the nite away!!!
:D
Say hi to at ARF rethink12.
We are at booth 607 and presenting later today.
Haha, it looks awesome.
Atleast it's raining on them though
You should come to the RICC today.
Bees scrimmage at 5; Riveters vs NY's Suburban Brawl at 7.
Quick Tip!
If your house floods and important books get wet, throw them in the freezer then call and we will restore them.
lol yup love that song
Is the head tax based on the length or the girth of the business?
Vote OlFloppyArms for MayorOfChicago!
Don't miss 'Antichrist' on the big screen.
3 more screenings this weekend: Saturday at 7  9:30pm and Sunday at 3pm.
8 walkouts tonight.
Can all this work just do itself so I can hibernate.
You guys pick a day.
I will be there!
I feel a little lost!
What happened?
RT : Well done, dad!
Our original smoothie is made with 8 scoops of strawberries, pom juice, real nonfat milk, and original yogurt
A quick way to up the romance factor in your bedoctorom is to doctorpe a dark red scarf over the top of a lamp, but don't let it burn!
Thanks for the hospitality, Texas!
And the 10 extra pounds.
COVER LETTER TIP: Addoctorss HOW you meet the minimum requirements located within the job description.
George, TSR
follow back
Thanks!
We're proud to sponsor
a lot going on at home, grandpa is going to pass soon...and working but trying to pay my debt.
And mom...and everything lol
RT : Had a very nice meeting with , a great leader on bike/ped issues in Western PA.
Oh, and by the way...the kindle version is completely free from Midnight tonight until 11:59 Sunday night
thank you for the shout out
Got to see win last night, pitching.
Not so bad!
IE INFOCOM is happening right now in Orlando, FL!
In the area?
check out the Cambridge booth!
Stop by and chat with us.
don't know if I'm watching it SCC4 I wanna see make a comeback though!!
U watching it?
oh shit u got a hemi!
Once u get that strap, you'll have a fleet of them!
Stretch Yawn Time to start planning...
Time to clean house in more than one way.
i love too
We're proud to have the team This is a startup the really values great UX!
JWF opens at 5:15 PM to show first team match followed by USOC match for timbersu23 club.
Specials for beer  food
feelings  hurt.
my tattoo party gone bang!!!!
One more contest for today RT this for a chance to see Basshunter TONIGHT !
Always a party when he's here :
I work for mocha ice blend:
Tune in MSNBC w/ Martin Bashir!!!!!!
I think Butler and Cleveland State are being allowed to play with meat clevers and steak knives
she's back with her old family, how precious 
Rememer to suggest us to your friends on Facebook and Twitter.
im assuming i can wear sweats today...
Don't mean to be too insensitive, but think I have more teeth than all the people in the Denny's I just ate at had combined.
the beast hates peeing in the sand pit because her veeg always comes out dusty...
i can tell it makes her uncomfortable
Humane Society: Extreme cruelty exposed at Pennsylvania egg factory
SHE LIKE TO TURN ON THE LIGHTS B4 SHE RIDE THAT 
Virginia Woolf I have lost friends some by death...
others through sheer inability to cross the street.
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
better early than late!
: What's David Schwimmer up to?
David Schwimmer...hopefully being funnier than he was in friends.
got another yellow pompom maker.
Now there are 3.
haha love you to:
Thanks for following my twitter P E.
Take the perspiration out of aspiration.
I like that.
Hugo has the most nominations?
Really?
We Need More Heroes In the World Today To Come Together For Greater Purposes
Just tapped Southern Tier Java Imperial Stout.
I'm not perfect ..I'm human ..i
MCAS TOMORROW.
SHIT.
It's so useless.
What do you think of Earth Aid www.earthaid.net?
We can do it real big, bigger than you ever done it.
Ready for the skill only tournament at
I hate a ugly conceited bitch , if you're gonna be conceited at least own it lmao
it was soo busy!!
You should still stop by :
CheckMate Bitch
Spicy indian chai with ginger and honey.
My mom's secret remedy and does wonders.
Feel better!
Did you know that we have two VIP parking spots reserved exclusively for City CarShare members at the Trader Joe's in Laurel Heights,...
I rode thru the country club today.
Windows down, It was the sublime version.
But I thought u might have heard me
Pinky at the corner of her mouth ooooohhhh!
Now Following!!!
what?!
Ice cream sandwiches, I'll be right down.
Walker because taxpayers are seeing how the union controlled gov't in WI past was destroying the state and ripping off taxpayers.
I honestly wish I had the balls to just walk up to people and say, Hey look, you're really good looking, and so am I.
Let's go.
my friends maraha and chris will be in the abc special susnsetblv you should see it!
thanks!
It was nice meeting you.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Strive for completion NOT perfection!
I THINK YOU FORGOT WHO I AM :o
RT : ThoseThreeWords Put it in  bingo!
almost did my first day at best buy it was amazing!!
I'm looking for someone that can help make a video infographic this week.
Any recommendations?
Email or DM me if interested.
have u heard of Kickstarter?
I paid last time...
then discovered they have free tickets...
I sorta wanna go free to the next one I attend?!
You da sweetest thang on my head and...
Republican governors blocking Obama's health care law from taking effect?
Hey GOP, stop hitting below the belt!!
One could actually build user interfaces with little grunt work...
haha like what?
You have to connect with people and hashtag
I assume no one cares that I got poisoned by food!
Why doesn't anyone care!
I wanna go see Chimpanzee on friday!
Hope you enjoy the app!
Thanks for chatting :
Just had one of those meetings where afterwards I had to run to the campus store for an emergency ration of yogurt raisins and Diet Coke.
probably likely.
still makes the interview interesting to watch for his body langauge, etc.
I referenced a floppy disk the other day and my daughter was more than happy to remind me that was last century.

one stop light hes blasting GnR Sweet Child O Mine.
Me: still in tears Guy: WHERE DO WE GO NOW OH WHERE DO WE GO NOW
You'll Always Be My Favorite Hello :
DesignBizChat is TOMORROW!
Join at 10 am ET  Collaboration  creating it, making it work, using it to succeed  assembling great teams!
I know  it's very scary to me  I'm just not in the mood for an argument with people who refuse to see.
Not today.
ready to get off.
are you in Cbus?
How's that storm??
;
If you are worried what people outside the locker room think, you need to change professorssions.
Pizzas here!
Schwing!
sure would b great to get that DaleJr 200win today!
thanks dude
Mars Base: Oxygen Leak.
Discard 1 Ongoing.
That's out of our hand, right?
true, its my favorite come back...
:/
donated 96 heads of lettuce to SecondHarvest FoodBank and feeling great about it.
We have pics on our FB page.
Why am I so lazy before a shower?
Procrastination town.
: she would lol
U BETTER PUT SOME WATER ON THAT DAMN SHIT...
LOL
excellent photos  message  thanks for sharing!
Join us tonight where the good looking people dwell  the bottles dont stop poppin til 4 n the morning.
DM us for RSVP/Tables
HOPE YOU DIE!
Every nite you cry yourself to sleep, thinking why does this happen to me .
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
Warren Buffett
We are eating lunch at Jazz at Legends at Sparks Marina.
It feels GOOD in here!
GirlsLoveWhen You're on time!
It's a kind of day
Urinary tract infections can affect both men  women.
They require antibiotics, so if you think you have one, head to your clinic!
It was awesome, like it was CFB season again RT : YES!
STUNNED BULLDOG FACE!
we Out hea !!
;D im also in love with j.cole e.o
What do you want to see more of on the 8 O'Clock News?
RTing only because I agree.
RT : Yum.
Bacon.
IM SUPER CRAZY.
Caps playoff game 3, Strasburg aka Heavenly Hurler on the hill..who says DC sports scene is dead..this is good stuff!!
the downside of coming back to the mainland: i have to start wearing shoes again.
All this teeny bopper stuff is really making me want to stab a microwave.
Two Questions: Why is Moira getting shorter.
What's on Ryan's chin?
Spoke 2a YMCA staff about this today // Cool.
Preach it Heather!
:
isn't there only one color?
I'm a huge fan of
I love being able to fire bullets metaphorically through song.
Its such a therapy being able to retaliate so eloquently.
LOL.
Great spinning w !
What a night..
Can't wait for the next time
If Pomeranz is sent down I will be very disappointed.
My girlfriend just showed up to my DJ gig!
FAITHFUL BEAUTIFUL INDEPENDENT WOMEN 
i never cry and I just like bawled and I made it?
im like idek?
: ESPN stands for...
Extra Special People Network BSPN ESPN Eastern seaboard propaganda network
Civil Brand is my movie!
it's on HBO right now 3
will do!
Emergency vehicles: Please get out of the way  KARE
Cruises starting at 169 sailing from Miami
RT : Is it weird that I am referring to last night as a loss?
haha nice to meet you too; hope all is going superbly
You can lose 12 lbs a day w/o starving, w/o excersize, no injections, no prescription  FREE support  Las Vegas HCG www.lasvegashcg.com
Putting the PRO in productive today.
Kicking ass, taking names, running out of paper.
I didnt vote for you, Ill never will.
You are a jackass for converting my 7 min 3 mile commute to work into a 90 minute nightmare.
FYL
I love that cover.
Home: Dont you judge your sister.
In the 11 commandment it says thow shell not judge your sister...
lol
nothing im grounded for the weekend  , u?
Awww, I have two of those  they are just funny!
Wishing all moms  momstobe a fabulous Mother's Day!
STAHP.
I can't watch this omfg the news is saying raman noodles do something bad in your stomach.
I CAN'T WATCH
possibly so!!!!
Lol
All roads lead to Rome.
let me know if you find anything!
I was so sad about Wylio!
I was just starting to teach it..
I can't freaking wait!!
BOYFRIENDVideo it's gonna be amazing, I already know, xx
I know I'm a bit late to the game, but Girls' Father, Son, Holy Ghost album is fucking fantastic.
Wow the 76ers are on a 5 minute scoring doctorught!
The Celtics just grind you out  lock you down!
Thnx to all who participated in the 5th Annual Transportation  Infrastructure Convention!
It was a HUGE success.
See u in Aug for Summit!
Suddenly mister Popular, I see.
Al Horford has played 45 minutes tonight.
Dang.
Within you is the seed for everything you seek.
Everything.
Start there.
The miracle is YOU.Kute Blackson
Which is about as likely as City not beating QPR...
Sick n tired of ya bitchinn
And thanks again for your interest.
If you have other questions, they might be easier to answer via email:
We are ALWAYS looking for ways to help the nonprofessort and arts communities in Htown Let's talk!
Caps/Rangers Game 7 tonight!
Going through withdoctorwals from not having playoff hockey the last 2 nights.
Im going for my summer Swagg!!
Avengers all up in ma face tomorrow  midnight!
I feel like I'm living thur a nightmare right now.
Don't worry about a thing, cause every little thing is going to be alright!
ILovePittsburgh enough said.
I guess Hal Holbrook will have to get another job??
Or is he just the boomers' Mark Twain :
Prepare for a phone interview the same as a face to face interview
nevermind im staying home today
Undercover Brother lol
great site!
Nice to meet you, and keep up the great work.
Registration is open for tonight's 7pm 140 buy in tournament.
Sign up until 8:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
Had the best last day of spring break with alex
Who your icon is of?
:
thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you that the
helping everyone.
You might not need them today but at least u know when u need them they are out there ready 2 help 
: We should change people's definition of love
Toes: sprained little toe
I feel ya sound good see ya soon bruh
bout time you did prospect!
Also FF to some of our new followers this week, thank you!
Romney: ...
domestic partnership benefits, hospital visitation rights and the like are appropriate but the others are not.
Which others?
Just to be close to you is my desire!
myprayer!!
ThankYou Foundation for your renewed charitable support this holiday season.
Your generosity  Justice for vulnerable DC seniors!
RT : Again, not gay rights.
LGBTEquality or civil rights.
We don't call them black rights  for good reason.
There is no better day than pay day
u were in Philly
it means shout out
Sorry to hear about Donna Summer.
RIP.
love that show
DJ had his laptop stolen...during the wedding.
Ouch :
Just fell in love with Again !
Lovumba ;
i just saw this and it made me tear up THANK U SO MUCH :' ur so sweet
Go for it!
Rejection nourishes the soul.
Or it can, anyway.
I wish i had Chachi's hair!!!
i just finally go a computer so i am tweeting like crazy and it actually started with philosophy lol
I want to be in Monaco performing, poppin a bottle of Dom Rose in a bathtub!
Boom!
10 Facebook Tips...dn't post anything that u dn't want strangers 2 know.
u can always call ur friends n tell them.
While the art building foyer is nice.
I also liked it simple when I was there
Despite fears of the British fighting their way out of Boston, nothing has materialized over the last week.
im thirsty for your like an alcoholic need it im finin for some reason i can feel your lips owe i want yo kiss
done!
I'm tired of Comcast deciding what's good for me and my entertainment!
I want Baby Cakes directv it is
I put some frozen spinach in my fruity protein shake like showed me  it's great!
: tweet some good pics tonight
A thought: The spirit of a place is more true with the mountains intact.
445 to get a police escort around town?
Hello birthday gift idea!
It's a great time to take advantage of the incentives  deals on the Ram Truck you want!
MelloyDodge 9621 Coors Blvd., Albuquerque.
Elm Street?
You mean Nightmare On Elm Street?
oh my gosh, that would be awesome!
RT : look like Joe Scarborough attended 'Sarah Palin Blaming the Media when I suck University'
loved it  great read
Nice desk!
Love that you put good use to the effects in our QWiPS App.
yes indeed DZnuts
demos are up at www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
excited for your visit to Detroit.
Haven't seen ya since the 6/6/06 show!
Good times
: It's not road rage if I'm laughing the whole time I'm doing it.
Glued to my radio  now listening to these reports out of Syria   so poignant to hear about artists
Laughing improves creativity and alertness.
Really?
That why I am a witty ninja?
Manchester City
Thanks!
Fun to be in touch.
Looking forward to your insights and observations.
interior design hearth art
what the hell am i gonna do this weekend?
everyone is leaving
thx for hosting!
I have a post about the 2012 Gorilla Run in Mankato, MN on Google Just because I can...
NP Cartoons and Cereal
Pain is inevitable.
Suffering is optional  M.
Kathleen Casey
You Beautiful Gorqeous Funny Skinny everyone likes you,,, i wish i was you
alright for sure!:
Thanks  LOVE that chest of yours!
Thanks Lena for the follow!
Nothing But Being Bored
Forgiveness or Up To the Mountain by Patty Griffin
Protesting legitimate liquor licenses, a true Baltimore City pastime.
Foam rolled this morning since I had some quad soreness  cramps throughout the night.
Holy crap.
Unfortunately, we don't have the budget to pay for travel and accommodations.
But please submit your panel idea and expertise!
My long time writing partner, Bobby Womack is featured on music bio series Unsung tonight at 7PM on TV One
Fine, fine, fine, you win, you should be on the show, this way we get more of you!
Awww, thank sweetie...What a mighty God we serve!
Love u girlie
The DeWitt Law Firm has launched a new website!
Let us know what you think by visiting us at DeWittlaw.com
Have a safe and wonderful, festive New Year's Eve celebration!
Thx,  look forward 2 ur tweets
every team has the exact same jersey just with a nike check on it
Listening to gospel bout to start my day
whos your cousin?!?!:
peace dc see you next year
Yea.
You better not screw that double play up.
I don't watch many other programs besides ours, but one program that I am overly impressed with year in and year out is Marquette.
Rather 'Kiss of THE Spider Woman.' Wouldn't want to upset the Spider Woman.
Don't forget to sub my YouTube channel!
;
Last Q: how do you find the sweet spot in terms of price?
Volume vs.
CSA/farmers market model.
just got home
nobody can please you better than you
Ew OJ Mayo....
RT Here's my Wizards two guard offseason wish list.
James Harden OJ Mayo or doctorft Bradley Beal.
Thoughts?
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one
I'm rather fond of the green Link buses
oh I forgot y'all all the way upstate.
We def going to talk tho.
Send me the links when you do ur show
Wishing you where in Arizona,
My lips are so chapped that I just WANT TO DIE.
Love is a Sweet Chain: Desire, Autonomy and Friendship in Liberal Political Theory 8211 James Martel download, read..
error: either unsuppor
Thanks for watching and sharing the tweet pic!
Go Team !
To paraphrase Coolio: I got a bellyfulla Mexican and a gleam in my eye...
Yea I think that's what I'll do when I get out of here.
Just gonna go home  relax.
I just realized that I get to sleep in tomorrow!!
Thank you afternoon AP test!!
Nevermind...just saw one of your previous posts.
Hope it was good.
I wish, but I leave for LA for Star Trac work tomorrow and will be gone through Saturday pm...maybe Sunday?
Renovation question comes full circle in Peabody  Chicago Tribune
Little monster forever!
Paws UP!
Nurse, a bear in my face wont distract from the shot.
Sincerely, been through hell and back.
this is nbd.
no problem!
Please follow back!
Japan huh?
That's awesome!
You'll have to spread the word about us if you like our Music!
This dumbass Reggie Miller just called this dude mister Jambalaya LOL
Hahaha awesome.
Followed.
My calligraphy website is now on the first page of google.com  that explains the brisk orders being received!
I love summer!!!
Looking forward to a great week
The Twitter Is Not for Selling Books, an excellent post by The Red Pen of Doom that will leave authors laughing, crying, or both....
I would recommend seeing LMFAO in concert.
What a great band!
Transition from working off what you know to not knowing what you are doing.
ambiguity makes design productive
Shaved off the goatee.
time to go to school :
grammar much?
Go Johnny!
Hate I'm missing it ...
be there soon
i say focus on Crawford
Closing another property in aurora colorado.
If you work short sales, what is the biggest obstacle for u?
YOU TWEETED SAYING IF THERE SOMETHING WE DONT LIKE TELL YOU SO HERE I DONT LIKE THAT U NEVER FOLLOWED OR TWEETED ME BACK
Yeah, it's still early, but I have been doing a ton of new estimates already!!
:
I tried calling and they don't have a customer service rep...
they just want you to email.
That's not good.
lol what are you up to today
I've said it before and I'll say it again Jeffrey DeMunn is really fucking good actor.
Not a huge fan of flying, but have to admit its way better than doctorving.
Thxs Southwest for the smooth flights!
NOLA!
oh he sucks.
Was my sarcasm not clear?
I feel that me 2
INCS Having a great time in KY this weekend!
My panel, Picturing Violence and Horror, was wellattended and really productive ...
pls check out new music social website launch 5/8 for artists discovery, and fans increase support of new bands.
What were the results of your peak X polling?
Agreed.
If not Philly, I'm rooting for Chicago next year.
poor bitche don't have a job
Feels like a Marquette day to Pita Bros, See you guys about 11:30.
how was I not following you?
My bad!!!!
Really looking forward to the event!
Ive learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it.
Andy Rooney
wish i could go tonight
I love Wet n Wavy...liquid styling hair serum...my hair stayz on point now
working the nightside shift and getting treated to 's spot on Beyonce acapella...
who knew he was so talented?
Does it bother Anon that if Guy Fawkes had his way, we might be living under a Catholic theocracy?
Ahh genius!
Thank you man, was sad I didn't get to say thank you in person at PyCon for all your great work ;
Don't hide out from the world.
The world needs wonderful YOU!
70k going to 12k.
Spewed some last level.
same here.
first ncaa finals i remember watching as a kid.
who's your fav?
: Nf follow bak letsWorkfollowing back love thanks for the follow
Book as your next speaker at any socialgood event lecture or conference.
Contact
At the game with my honey
I know her book talks suck.
She just flips through the book and picks random questions.
What is this YALB you speak of?
The possibility of west coast family travel this summer has me positively giddy.
I need this to happen!
I need some California.
That was the hardest eurhythmics dictation to date
I'd like to welcome the sun back to LA!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
I think wanting to be happy 24/7 is one of the stupidest desires ever.
That's just me, though.
YUP!
Sunoco is official so I may have some problems ;
Mitt Romney's in Youngstown today.
That is all.
ALA Anaheim just got even more exciting Yes, it's true  George R.R.
Martin will speak at ala12 Sat, 6/23  4pm
.
.
.
.
And that's a fair enough observation.
I will only scream if you can confirm that Mike Nesmith has signed up for this.
For that matter, Davy , Mickey  Peter.All 4?
did you buy a card or credit card ?
My fb app is acting slow !
Bahaha.
Love it.
The truth shall set them free.
:
What do you expect out of Dennis Dixon today?
Do you see him coming out and showing he can play or will he completely flop?
yep.
plus the double digits, too?
they haven't a hope.
it'll be like brigadoon right there in the meeting room.
Jess Klein  Before I Go  09:16 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
National tournaments
There are a lot of wonderful woodcuts in the Elizabeth Olds papers.
We are working on the finding aid now and it's been a treat.
yeah fa shoo mane
UPCFallConcert hi warner patterson!!
:
Not all groups are lokking to council to maintain or increase their pay and benefits.
Employee unions do.
but then again so was ms.mims talking about how I didn't have friends lol, she's just something else
going outside to kick the defenseless trashcan over, be back in a sec
Family isn't about whose blood you have.
It's about who you care about.
thevirgoinme is pretty similar to all the other astrological signs in me that I dont understand.
Training sesh with my fiancé and best friend tonight.
It's awesome having a personal trainer as your best friend!
Now if only work was over.
Supermoon In LA: Best Places To See The Giant Full Moon  Huffington Post
I accidentally deleted my twitter app oops but its bak which means I'm back which means u guys can continue 2 masturbate to my tweets again
I hate school.
I want it to die.
Golf Tournament tomorrow..
Time to beat up on some ol' farts
Don't treat this like a secret
ND sucked it up tonight.
Maybe they were tailgating all day with their fans.
Sure played like stumbling doctornks.
GoTribe Baseball season has started
we watched Head and the Heart last weekend.
Really great venue!
MT most used words in tonight's FLdebate: taxes, economy, conservative, freddie, jobs // you forgot beets  Mars
Happy Good Sunday morning I wish those well who are running in the Chicago Marathon today.
Undefeated season for lax isn't gonna happen anymore.
ditto ...
: I am feeling a strong connection to this lady!
I'm clueless, but competitive.
The Moth, aam2012
RT We're born into a box of time  space.
We use words  communication to break out of it  reach out to others
Beach bound lol
Not even abt to look at Following list
3:24 pm and just waking up myself.
Don't fight it.
Enjoy it lol.
Wake me up when meeting a local radio celebrity is worth all caps.
The first step out of the gate has to be knowing where you want to end up.
What do you really want from your company?
yeee!
: OMG that's so cool!
But: how I pay on Facebook?
'cuz my momma is trying but don't pay and I want to watch!
When you wake up 2marrow mourning...BE MORE Apprechiative and Greatful 4 the things you do Have
That's pretty exciting  it should be lots of fun for everyone!
You all laugh so much now, can hardly wait to see the fun u have
really not ok!
Ha!
I'm expecting the same thing.
Mine once ordered a Halloween costume and also found a DS he wanted on Ebayclose call there!
pick up ur phone then ..
haha next time for sure!
Cause thats what thugs do
Come in and check out our Gluten free food selection!
Best peanut butter cookies in town;
S/O TO U BIG HOMIE..WE CHILLIN HARD IN CLUB NV
asiankidproblems where's my t89.
My eyes make me look high, when really they are just showing all the alcohol I doctornk.
few big announcement coming this month....
RT : Dear ESPN, take your time on the Junior Seau story.
hahah yay!
i'm so excited i feel like i cant sleep!
yup.
Terrible terrible people I say
People still watch Fuel?
calm yourself
ya boy StevensD1model is officially on twitter HOLLA!
i hate living in Virginia
Wish my mama would just stay here and go out of town cuz I want to stay hme I dnt want to be over there.
Volunteering with the Salvation Army today at the Cowboys game.
Happy Thanksgiving!
R u still in my city?
Not expert, but....legal process has to be clean of all issues to maintain integrity.
After that free speech
Great guy!
One of my life achievements is being in a higher ed diversity magazine article with him and
hes nicer then eminem bro
Great morning for a run.
Headed to Louisville for the weekend with my man
Kee he go say who dis Tryna play me like I'm not from the set !
Lol
thanks for the follow...
BIEBER FOREVER, right?
LMAO.
for real.
maybe if they weren't so miserable they'd have a valentine.
just sayin.
ATTENTION!: Send in stuff for Pat's bday video asap!
I'll be making it within the hour!
send whatever you want to !
...deep thoughts...lol
This is how a day is suppose to be spent.
Yes and yes!

TIN ROOF in Boerne,TX with Katherine Dawn where she hosts an open mic every other Thursday
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!
SHES AN AMAZING SINGER AND CAN USE YUR SUPPORT ALWAYS!
XO
Anything is Possible...Eventually.
Can't wait to see amazing guitarist Carlos Santana later tonight!
The show starts at 7 pm, so just short four hors to go, yeah!!!
ahahaha what??
I've never been told that!
who's your favorite on american idol?
: Spurs clinch the 1 seed in the West by beating the Blazers 12489.
6 Spurs finished in doublefigures.
Duncan had 18p 8r
where do you have andoctors galaragga in there?
Her book is sitting on my desk, have not yet started it.
Thanks for the recommendation!
Lmao!!
This lil girl walking around the house sayin, I Need Something to Chew On, Dang
thanks for the follow.
I'll try to keep it interesting
Thank you!!!
Warning: Mailing the cupcake could get very messy...
Nice blog, btw!
Doing business with the boys down In our opinion, the 1 guitar shop in America.
I found my Goose!
We will be unstoppable!
RT : It's only appropriate if you now call me Goose.
West is up.!
R.I.P Don Cornelious!!
it will!
No need to check for updates, it will automatically check and download them when available.
Relaunch and your done.
of all girls, black girls get mad the fastest lol
All 15 Milw Cnty Parks golf courses open officially today at Currie Park with the 100 Person Swing teeoff at noon.
Join us!
kick some butt tomorrow.
I like it.
I'll let you how good it works tomo when I weigh myself.
Good morning!
The team is a few minutes away from announcing some exciting news stay tuned, friends.
thanks if you're ever looking to expand your biz give us a try to maximize your ROI and printing needs.
Best deals on poker chip sets!
www.eproducts4less.biz.
Follow on facebook  www.facebook.com/OneStopPokerShop
Where computing started w/ PARC and where the future of computing continues.
Supermarkets have more reduced items on offer late at night.
Reality is a product of our doctorams, decisions  actions
Can't stand crappy singer/songwriters with bland, nothing voices..
hyped because they are alternative or Indie.
Ya suck?
Ya suck!
Hopefully doing better than he was in Zombieland.
RT : Just shook hands with Bill Murray.
It was accidental.
Where is he now?
You see all kinda crazy stuff in the morning at airports.
Check this out...
Instagram and The W Hotel are launching their first ever instagram exhibition TONIGHT  7pm!
Get inspired and then submit!
Do you know of a great Seattle local biz?
I'm setting up features for the next few months  do give a shout!
Watching Hitch!!!
Beasties Looks so great!!
hahaha it's all good.
Neither can I.
Easy mix up
Taking a shower after a long day 
I'm watching too much walking dead, obviously
my dog is the same way ...
he could care less about his tennis ball, till i pack it away lol
mister Freeman made for a great moderator at LAFOB panel.
All the energy in the universe is available for you!
Take it,use it!
We look for Powerful singers, Energetic singers, Passionated singers!
sledgehammer should really be on spotify
random but I need giordanos, tgI fridays, hooters,  chicagos added to my schedule soon
: Bubble gum pink nails...
yummy  why nail polish isn't scratchnsniff I have no idea
Sick of Bielema getting all the credit.
Dude can't hold my jock.
I'm out.
Scientists should always state the opinions upon which their facts are based.
Just made a sick beat for
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient.
Stop trying to move ahead of God.
His timing is perfect.
Trust Him.
I got you : RT : So we lost.
Thanks for the updates
To judge from that photo, I'd say that work is just beginning!
Glad you enjoyed the issue.
I'm still waiting for my copy, and I'm the secretary.
Thanks for the follow!
Do you sell antiques in the US too?
Hey admitted students!
Looking for something to do tonight?
Check out the show at 7pm, tix FREE to SU
Made it to the first chorus and official verdict is New Van Halen single  snoozefest.
Who decided 5PM was going to be the arbitrary Its ok to start doctornking now and not be labeled as an alcoholic time?
May I add?
death to all butt metal?
It's okay about your tumblr.
I don't know what an ascot is for either.
/via
RT if you've ever thought about actually trying a Jumbaco...
I'm down!
I'm in your hood this week.
Let me know if you want to hang, or if you are having your beach party.
it really is...im not used 2 this
I feel as if I shouldn't be so familiar to blue lights.
lazySunday watching theBradyBunch.
Gotta love the
What a great time yesterday we had Arbor Day Celebration at Town Center.
Showed Honey Bees  sold honey to tons of folks!!
27 world series wins doesn't suck
: I'm watching SpiderMan 2...lol the best one
and this all started 1 day ago i think if not then 2 cuz we got back together last night and i am hoping to stay with him
I'll do that.
You know how long after I purchased it I can send it in for repair?
You know what they charge?
happy bay.
G Starr!
Just listened to u the other day.
Been way to long and hope I see you soon!
Im worried about oomf right now......
Itching to have more time to play with Storyline!
I'm jealous!!!
Otherwise doing great.
Irony irony irony.
So much of irony
in a world where just about anyone has access to a keyboard, common sense will never have a shot to prevail
If anyones of any jobs plz tweet them to me cuz me and?my 2 friends r trying to earn money to go to a concert.
Plz help.
It's been great meeting with you in the field, I'm sure we'll continue to see you from time to time!
Adele is amazing.
Thanks!
It feels god.
No plans for my Friday, just get horny  tweet 
That is, both fear of death and fear of life, of experience and individuation
But I'm not sure which state he's from...
Smhhh I'm Really Watching Cartoons Right Now
Good Pesach and Happy Easter to all!
The Friends of the MetuchenLibrary wish you peace on earth and good will to all.
RT Christmas sweater parties don't work in Houston because its too hot in December.
HIWI
Yum!
RT : I have been craving a good turkey burger!
Terrnace McKnight to emcee GetClassical at the Rose Bar event on May 6th.
!!!
Oh, and...
Miss ya chickadee!!!
:D
im just not telling you the truth
Can't wait to truly delegate.
Fuck this waitin on people to do shit...smh...
I've already downloaded the mobile app and have begun to build my schedule..
Good morning twitterverse!
Slightly overcast Thursday in Phoenix!
I'm preparing to visit the azfilmfest this weekend!
you really know how to ruin someones birthday now don't you
Well, regardless, your chances of getting paid more go up with a degree.
I'd much rather take a risk than work for 8.80 forever.
I would say 9th grade.
I was high the whole time!!!
Ending PCBW sampling two home brews for the first time.
Both IPA and Wee Heavy have fantastic flavor.
Perfect ending.
Quikpro Long Beach here we come with plenty ALOHA!!!!!!!!!!!
Warning: the following twitter account performs stunts either by professorssionals or under the supervision of professorssionals.
So don't try it.
That is definitely a high priority on the agenda!
Any specific areas to check out?
Fatso's will be open tonight and tomorrow normal hours.
Have a Happy New Year's!!!
Oh that's cool :
Suh is gonna be on it too.
Who the hell would WANT to be with that dbag?
FollowEveryDay Good Folks!
Did Mourinho poke Barca coach Vilanova in the eye or pinch his cheek?
yes I'm here now!!!
Where u at?!
Well, we are in Tempe so we LOVE Chandler!
Just painted my nails blue.
You know, for Hanukkah.
Yep.
That girl.
Happy hump day!
:
u too sweet!!
how to be as cool as us 101!
I Love My Baby Mother, I'll Neva Let Ha Go !
Trunk or Treating cars start arriving in 45 minutes for the Fall Festival.
Can't wait to see how they are decorated this year!
Makeup tip of the day: As quoted from The Housebunny, The eyes are the nipples of the face...
Play w/ them!
Haha, don't be afraid of color
Hating Justin won't make anyone love you.
Calling him gay wont make you any straighter.
Calling him ugly wont make you any more attractive.
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else
They have a Senator and a Repesentaive just like me in Eagan.
They should vie for tax revenue like everyone else.
Abolish
hey hugs
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr.
Day!!!
we;come : I followed you!
:OVE your professorle pick!
AfricanAmericans with Smartphones are taking the country by storm and InSpotter mobile app is the epicenter
The smell of grill.
Everywhere.
Awesome.
I might enjoy creating mail merge docs from spreadsheets...
entirely too much.
Whether you're on the East coast or the West coast, there's a Bead Fest coming your way.
Philadelphia in August, Portland, OR in September!
aw im your only follower....
:c
Ima ride for em till the day they put flowers on em
YOOO thanks homie!
see you at DGAF tomorrow night?
We got B.Rich and go til 3am son!!
; RT : seen on the timeline  clicked the evilhearts.com professorle......I was pleasantly surprised...lol  Thanks
Wouldn't it suck if that first piece of bread that everyone skips was the cure for cancer?
so u did some bitch ass shit and gave my shit to some bitch ass nigga,but i got bitchassness in my blood?
u got life fucked up
Will You follow me?
she's wothless if she's gonna argue about this just ignore it and leave it alone
Brewers...
Sigh...
Bad night.
And that bad call on Weeks sure took whatever wind you had out of your sails.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT TUNCHIE
no comment : wait are you taking pictures of us!?
like a boss
A very warm welcome to our new fans from Portugal!
39 countries now having fun with iOS game!
Who has smoked a good cigar lately?
Details and where to buy.
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
We thought your were looking sexier!!
unfortunately not.
Was packed.
After his speech and wave to the crowd he was bombarded!
Listening to the new Shins album.
Good stuff after so long a wait.
Nice binary between technooptimism and deep fear at TED  loving the conversation.
FF FollowFriday We love these folks: Pls show them love!
Money iz ALWAYZ on my mind!
..Itz like a disease!
me and pasan wanna catch up with some lunch...let me know when you actually have a waking minute of free time.
Congrats!
You guys deserve it!
yayyy have no idea what you said but i hope the smiley face means yes lol.
You and google translate are my secret weapons lol.
I ONLY HAVE 20 FOLLOWEERS SO I GUESS WHERE ON THE SAME TRACK IF U KNOW WHAT I MEAN ???
If lying was a job, youd be a billionair 
Done with practice.
Now going to the recital thingy.
'SOPRANOS' REFERENCE RT : Falk ends her speech as the DJ plays Don't Stop Believin'.
dude he fucking called me 3 times in a row the other day!!!!!
Whatthefuck
Nick Barnett and JMike tweeted about it
So proud of for passing the Ohio Bar!
red doors?
VOTE for Bonnie or Elena
EKU offices reopen Tuesday, Jan.
3rd!
Hahaha if you loo at his wiki page, it says he's a racist as a professorssion.
So true.
Deadline to turn in final edit of Kings....June 30th.
Feels like these rewrites will never end...
I would have loved Niall an the Potatoes.
3
Dude!
I'm in the same boat!
So annoying!
Cant make tonight's ypnworkshop on portfolios sponsored by ?
Check out the hashtag ypnworkshop for realtime updates!
looks good you guys
Love life.
Can I have a pony?
RT : Anyone else need something paid for, cuz apparently I'm just fucking GIVING money away.
11 days until Evocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie premieres at Tribeca.
Mort!
Mort!
Mort!
Mort!
im the chick that wrote that story just saying haha :
The awkward moment when your principal has more facebook friends than you.
fml
See?
LEGOS!
:D
That is truly awesome!
great place
can't wait til the summer...
tennis shoes OK no shirts NECESSARY
Hope your day is better than mine3 Can't wait to see you on the stage tonight...
TheBoyzAreBack Love you3
Yes, love this guy!
RT : Thank you for all the hustle tonight and all season.
I'm with Morgan and I love her so much :
Chilling at the workplace..
playing some cod later.
Hit me up on live..
daTHROWBACKking is tha tag yo
I'm excited.
: hahaha I went to tag you in this and your picture showed as a guy taking a mirror pic lifting his shirt hahah
This gorgeous Seattle weather is the perfect cure for carpal tunnel!
Who wants to be inside when it's 73 and sunny?
Turning my computer off.
andd afterwards .
.ANOTHER intimate night
Thanks buddy!
RT :
I will be calling because the treatment I received was beyond unacceptable.
you ready niqqa!
For as long as I've followed politics, it's never the right time to stop  debate the tough issues.
And look where that's gotten us!
family out here.
next time say wassup.
I don't have a job, but if you really want my help we have more to discuss.
birdy bird I can't wait to see your new badass car.
jury out on Pinkston, Hagg, Cameron, Skrine, and Marecic.
Only time will tell how good any of those picks were.
Same for 2012.
FF Morning Jerry!
Have an wonderful Easter!
God Bless
Do you sign Roy Oswalt if you are the Phils?
Can't trade for anyone on May 16th, usually.
May I recommend Five Finger Death Punch?
Several of their songs made my Top 50 Playlist.
Thank you, Chip!!
hope he feels better soon and you can get some rest!
Mantra: you are not unique, you are not interesting, you are not special.
Deal.
I don't : Maybe in the future!
yay for you being on twitter
Thanks!
See you soon!
Kick your candy bars  potato chip office vending machines to the curb and make rm for FITzee!
Ready to move us in?
Get in touch for more...
Today I saw a ten year old ordering a double caramel macchiato at Starbucks with her credit card.
I would love for you to do that!
I have been searching for an authentic recipe for cannolli.
look at my tweets from a few days ago.
I totally called it.
Complete cluster in downtown Louisville.
20 min.
from Yum Center to Convention Ctr..
Thanks man!
Which one you work at
Yes.
Things may change if I have to sing somewhere, but so far, yes.
lol Any man whose masculinity is threatened by a halfounce bottle of paint, probably isnt man enough to wear it.
Just sayin.
Thanks, Egbert.
Maybe I'll come out of my selfinduced shell  say something brilliant at some point.
:D Hope you're doing well.
Already thinking about friday, being away from tub kills me
popeyes chicken need to sell kool aid
Not everything you have stays forever.
But there are things you would be glad to fight for just so you can have them longer.
oh nothing.
just tired as fuckk from lastnight.
listening to music.
hah.
you should like text me or something.
im never on twitter
But im content with the weather right now think I might go for a run when I get home
Back from vacation, working through the backlog!
Ready to get things going!
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs
My hubby works on turkey day, so we're making today turkey day!
Listening to the Good Food podcast while I make the feast!
For God so LOVED the world that he gave his only begotton Son....
At what point does the media begin to punish the Romney campaign for its abject mendacity?
It's playing up media stenography.
lol next sq
Long day...
So excited for sleepytime!
No way!
I might ask what product they used, but you just don't grab random people's hair!
rocking out to and then the odd one out
motives is a high quality makeup worn by stars Jennifer Lopez, Eva Longoria, Kim Kardashian, La La Anthony  plenty more!
Joke on this Laffy Taffy wrapper didn't make much sense until I realized it was from a Sherbet and Prison Warden Pubesflavor wrapper
find out their ids..
if there is a formal pawan fans association, we can ask them to file police complaint on those people.
The Twitter handle:
FuckinCool believe everyone over you damn girlfriend...
Watching New Years Rockin' Eve.
Great performances.
woaaaaaah it would be so weird omg.
back in the olden days like in the 1800s they would have lived like that right ?
woah
Turned on my coffee machine and came back 10 mins later to find hot water in the pot.
Guess who forgot to put the coffee in.
HEADING OUT TO KLUSOZ!!!
BOUT TO ROC THE SPOT!!
LET'S GO!!!
Raining on 894
Yes, just like the others.
See you Thursday!
I really wish Peyton Manning would hurry up and make a decision!!
Tired of hearing about it :/
Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey Time is a cruel thief to rob us of our former selves.
We lose as much to life as we do to death.
I have faced what most would call, pure evil, delt with personal fear and even death..and I'm still here..you find out what you're made of
You're one of many, many people who love Anne.
She is one of our secret weapons for attracting students and keeping alums engaged
Ruby 3600 times slower than python in threads
WordPress template designer?
Submit your theme to Superhug.
Get 75 commission!
That's industryleading.
I missed saying goodbye to you guys!
myraptureplaylist if I had my way it'd be all of Side 2 of Abbey Road.
Im in a better place now....
Speaking at youth group tonight and looking forward to it  praying it will be a great night.
:

why would he think that?
I know I am :D
Thats exactly how old i was RT : 16 years and 2 months is the average age for the loss of female virginity in the United States.
OldIronsides is the greatest bar ever built
Hey !!
Like Divine Blue ?!
Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!
Balboa Park?
Are there any festivities there for Mother's Day?
is heading to SXSW to debut GAIN 3.0 iPhone app  help ppl sweat off all that food  doctornk.
Want to workout with us?
Fashion is more about feel than science  Pharrell Williams
I didn't realize there were three Convy's.
Hey Folks
Election night coverage from on News Channel 8 is so much more watchable than the cable networks.
How do it get it in HD?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians?
Get a hold of us!
Great fun with Christy, Charlie and Neil.
McDonald's, Legos and Gnomeo  Juliet.
Just danced around my room for 18 minutes straight to MacArthur Park Suite in honor of the Queen of Disco.
Still making people dance in 2012
yes, I also covet her arms!
I want to cry, but i dont know why.
I can find any reasons to, maybe its cause im happy or maybe i'm just blue
Friend: Why do you love Austin?
5 hours later ..
okay, okay you can stop it now.
you better tag me in all your MegaMay posts and give credit where credit is due son!
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character
no problem :D
Congrats for linkedin owning the UX of finding new contacts.
google please takes some notes for G
BE FRIENDS CAUSE MY MOM DOESNT ALLOW ME TO BE FRIENDS WITH PEOPLE IIF I DONT KNOW THEIR AGE IM SO SORRY
why go outside.
when you can stay indoors.
Im Going Tell You I Love You Until There's No Doubt In Your Mind And After Im Going To Tell You Until I Die
Long day!
I said fuck that new girl that you like so bad 3
Happy Birthday to Mike Chang's abs!!
hay.
I didn't talk to you today.
i missed you cachead.
nope I want two gold fish!
Nothing else
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is so funny!
Yeah, I love the stupid humor, I know.
so I was supposed to read an entire book for homework by tomorrow...
its not on sparknotes or cliffnotes.
you totally are with that smile of yours !
Nothing ventured nothing gained
here is something offensive Baserunners just clog up the bases.Dusty Baker
We're talking NBA Playoffs  all sorts of headlines in sports/society on the show.
will talk hoops with us at 11.
: Been trying to say goodbye to 2011 for awhile now, but it just won't leave.
I know the feeling, please dont leave the light on
Dennis Schamp: If you feel that passion, there are seats on the board coming up.
Friday after Next lol
it start at 6
RIP JR.
SEAU you were one of the best
Splash at tonight!
There are a few seats left...
food, wine, painting.
It will be a blast.
layer of bread, layer of chicken, layer of pickles, layer of chicken, layer of lettuce, layer of chicken, layer of bread.
I 3 sandwiches!
Thanks for the RT!
Good to see your reports from other parts of
Getting ready to run the earlyfridaymorningITmeeting.
that's how it is w us too.
Not happy about it.
Makes us seem like a nuisance to students.
Writing Retreat 2 scheduled!
A short 2 day trip to Yorba Linda!
Our goal: FINISH the first book that we started in Palm Springs!!
Happy Birthday!!:
Yes!!!!!
RT : Canada beats USA, 32 in OT, to win Olympic gold in hockey.
nomiracle /via
Audition Monologue Research.
Heading to NY with a group of friends to see the last broadway perf.
of the play Mountaintop.
The run has been an amazing success.
MT : The UW men's basketball team occassionally has an open tryout, but only when all rosters are not filled.
Man, I think I underestimated how many tater tots I'd need to get through this storm.
OH!
haha and the poor kid just kept gong and going and going.
i feel bad lol but it's okay cause he so knows he owes me lol
Cause honey with you is the only honest way to go
say that when you not In a wheelchair lmao jk
RT : When you help others get to your level, God will take you to higher levels.
Being selfish won't get you far.
3333 aww, i feel u boo.
U'll be okay tho Maddy.
U'll see them soon.
I kno u got close peeps in the A, right?
Huge into baseball as a kid.
Starting learning more about game's history.
Big into Ruth/Gherig/Mantle, hence, became a NY fan
it took me FOREVER to understand what you said because i kept reading you so doe river gorge i was like wth?!?!
hahaha
haha I cant stand listening to Hubie just b/c of those go to phrases.
I feel like I'm listening to a voice recording of him
D'oh!
Memphis low is warmer than Chicago's high temp of 47 degrees.
Thinking twice about leaving
aha i'm hungry , and tell my baby i said HEYY !
What a beautiful day over on 23rd!
The sun is out and people are bustling!
Come grab a 5 Taqueria Taco lunch and celebrate Spring!...
you now need an ikeep for your new iPhone..You will never broke it again
kick'n sour apples...
yeah that's how it's done...
Great new technology that pushes antiaging to a whole new level.
My room is an arctic tundoctor.
I think it might even be snowing.
Hey all  kula is the world's first social marketplace.
Built and headquartered in Chicago and proud of it!
I lived in Anchorage, Alaska when you were there.
I remember you from then!
Love new PigglyWiggly commercial!
Reminder to all that this is a SC company  deserves our support.
Local since FOREVER.
Great tagline!
Chilln watching sexy self on sportsnation
Oh did I hear Bacon Wednesday?
Thanks, Todd.
Appreciate it.
Nice work Ducks!!!
Roses have never smelt so sweet!
I'm here!!
Fashion Forecast and
I am now 5f 3in and weigh in at 136Lb.
U didn't invite me : RT : Having lunch w/ sure wish was here...but we gonna hook up Sunday!
Fun day of hula hooping, goatandchicken watching, quasihitchhiking
I heard dat.
Follow back sexxii
Happy to have and checked in at the RookieDebut  it's going to be a great event tonight!
Wow that would be so cool to be working with David Leffel, I hope you are having a great time!
I would be!!
Same rules apply in MiLB as MLB re: rain and offical games or is it different?
Channing Tatum.
Yes, I would like to be him.
Or date him.
Or anything else him.
rt Im jamming Juicy and it makes me just kill some HTML email coding.
Yummy.
Is it weird that I watch storagewars ??
Hm???
bout time
...Oh and advanced Coachella tix go on sale this Thursday.
They don't waste any time.
I haven't seen him yet but likely will tonight
Happy New Year!
I hope it's a great one...
Far from perfect and not throwing stones...
you changed to UM, not MSU; was trying to help.
Good after noon!!
There's so much god damn doctorma in this family.
The weekend is feeling more and more like a reboot...
Which we all need
Great story on buy USA.
CD benefit for has ClintEastwood JimmyBuffett SherylCrow VinceGill etc is made in USA
Now I'm writing a poem called if there was peace in our world
Happy Birthday Austin 3
Had an asthma attack this morning at school so home for the day :/
Not everything that is faced can be changed
I was making joke abt being able to physically bend!
But seriously I hope obesity rates will decline b/c of public awareness.
: God I fucking love that album.
Corey has got some voice.
:
Lions and Bills both win.
BREAKING: Satan seen wearing down parka.
You know you're befriends when you stay up all night waiting to unlock the door for your friend to get back from her boyfriend's c;
Bought not one but TWO living social deals today.
So much for staying under budget this month...
Let's go Bruins!
Happy birthday man.
doctornk up
It's never to early to help your kids get organized.
These pads from See Jane Work are a great way to get them started!...
Sold May 25 covered calls on DNDN for 4 15 minutes before crash.
Still have some common.
I'll be selling more calls in the AM
Do you want SVG to stay?
Hedo: Of course.
I would love to play for him until I retire.
BadComebacks Q: What are you doing?
A: Your face.
GoodComebacks Q:What are you doing?
A: Your mom.
.
If OccupyOakland costs the city 5 million, why not do something radical  work with them.
How much would that cost you?
Bet!
RT : lol I bet, ima come by when I get in town I aint seen you in forever and I been by the crib many of times
Go Hogs Go / SECWest has top 3 Teams in the Nation  1LSU / 2Alabama / 3Arkansas...
The toughest divison N the best College FB Conf.!!
Had a great time chatting it up with !
awesome thank you!
Do you use it in place of your laptop?
yeah I doctornk some Gatorade yesterday, I think ill try to es some crackers or s/t in a little bit
kodm MSMQ: One the most important roles of models in DH is to build systems and tools.
Having a great time at the RON WILLIAMS SHOW!
Having a great time performing and Ron is doing an awesome job!
HOW IS THE FINAL4!
Need2NO
is concerned about being so easily distracted and doesn't think twitter necessarily helps!
Yea, Amber definitely had the biggest fanbase.
Cheers for her were almost as loud as for the other groups
: YouShouldNeverTrust a man wearing Capri pants.
couldn't agree more.
Nadal is example 1 for me
Hoping for good news from the specialist next week, we're all pulling for you here in Miltown.
Wed.
Birthday Bash for at HighSociety inside HollywoodAlliance txt3235235851
my life be like a movie with every genre
In living color is funny tonight
even tho my doctoram of graduating college with a medical degree is different then your doctoram.You still inspire me to help the world
I hate it when I want to write but my brain is so full of thoughts and worries from all the shit I have to do at work!
The Avengers with everyone 
hi lisa!
im watching your live chat now!!!
Ok: Do Yuh Have A Facebook.?:
Girls who cant do pushups 
it is you'll learn when you have to pay bills
ForcesOfNature Gears has to be the best gaming community ive ever seen
Don't forget  the Media Industries SIG will meet from 34:45 in the Cambridge room scms12
Sellers has good hustle.
Eventually you stop caring  it stops being the most important thing in your life
Good times!
RT : Hanging with my girls and at Yes!!!
we're at Give to the Max.
Great presenters
I already miss monkey.
DC: AntiGay Bishop Eddie Long accused of sleeping with you men who attend his church!?
The twilight zone....continues..
get paid my nigga , get.
paid.
u need to redo funky cold medina...
Filling water eggs for the hunt and making goodie bags...
Yay!
Sale is Ending Today!
Visit us online during nurseappreciationweek for crazy deals!
Thanks for the follow!
MKE design FTW!
misery loves company!
No where near enough hours in the day to read!
word up he gonna look like brittany spears gone wild
Ninety percent of all millionaires become so through owning real estate.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Ladies, Have A Question You Want Me To Answer Personally?
Send Me Your Question  Email  I'll Answer You With In A Video Email :
Lmao only u sweetie RT : nope I refuse to believe he's a small man with a small penis..
he's famous!
Lol
This aint oh daddy is really in the FBI but he's really locked up.
This is test prep.
There is no pride.
Not when youre in middle school.
How'd your Dad's doc appointment go?
RT nwbearcats go into the victory formation.
3529 Northwest completes the comeback and moves on to face Midwestern State
i wrote my part for last on the collab beat already
Papa's feelin pretty delicious tonight, gonna step up to the plate, 34, 8 RBI's GOTHEEM!
Joe....
suck it.
How is that for aggressive?
Johnny Pesky is an icon...
glad they are finally retiring his number
Are you taking the PolarPlunge for SpecialOlympics in Muskego?
Be sure to text PLUNGE to 35350 for last minute event info  updates!
Feel better :
look at your lips
Hi everyone!
Our assistant Brianna needs a model for a haircut tomorrow morning from 1012.
If you are available please msg us!
yes, you?
Let's do this
That awkward moment when the fat kid says that's how I roll.
Tsh is one of a kind!
About to take a small nap at this time 11:27 and wake up a little later 
Yep, it's official: God hates Arizona.
Go Giants!!
Remembering why I loved Merlot!
Best glass in a while : The '07 is yummy!
Where The Wild Things Are 2: Still Wilding Out
This girl calls me at 330 tryna have a full blown convo.
Fuck outta here I'm sleep don't bother me
I'm the biggest Pack fan ever but with that play they are officially SOFT.
The courtroom faceoff that will determine George Huguely's future.
Details from Charlottesville at 11pm.
So thrilled to be working with again on a really cool creative project.
yeah we are chillen bud
We're watching a recorded seminar on newsriting in jour111.
I have to say I don't have much faith in a lecture telling people to be concise
Pit stop in montissano.
Candy, water and gas.
Next stop Seattle!
May need to go on a long walk along the water...
It's 3:30 in the morning...still going strong.
Where you at?
Thank you God for letting me wake up this morning!!!
A plumber found where a collection of small childoctorns' toys has been mysteriously disappearing to.
joy
's avi has become a distraction...
So I'm busto.
Maybe next year.
GL to all still in.
We like to play make believe in cardboard boxes!
She said in her best Irish motherly brouge ;
Ty just smirked to Julie Guess it wasn't too easy for 'em huh?
lol real talk bruh we are
It's always nice to meet someone who reaffirms the pursuit of your own passion.
Inspiring talk today with about good
im here for u dw 3
This Bitch I swear, make me walk from work.
Fuck you too
I Desire2Inspire.
I've made 'fun' songs but ultimately, I rhyme w/ a purpose.
RT : what type of music do u do?
thanks :D
I already know what u r gonna say but I dont buy that at all.
And there is nothing wrong w/ being a fan even if it is Boston
I Should've Kissed You but then you said you were gay...
Getting fitted for a tux is taking FOREVER!
when I read cody and bailey's reunion inlongingit gave me hope that they really are gona be together Idk how but I believe
I did
I was ashy!!
Does even know THT its his lil sis birthday today?!?!
He's spending it wid his gf instead...jb ur such a good bro
...but I've barely been on twitter at all.
Hopefully, somewhere in Paris, is celebrating her welldeserved nomination for Best Food Humor Blog.
Testing Testing  trying to sync Twitter to Facebook.
Gahhh I just don't know what to do :
It is Thursday!
Outside movies at Salute's Patio.
Watch from our side walk Cafe!
It feels like you are in Rome!
Italian movies...
I really want to support any initiative to bring more women into tech.
But a word of the day email in which all ex.
are shopping related 
Dont get lost :
That must have been a grueling half mile hike!
I'd check the calorie count settings ;
maybe.
He's doing wonders in Arizona.
His kid goes to high school here and is a spitting image of him
EDS to develop logo and website for GoshItsPosh.Com
hope so; if not, we can nudge it back earlier, m/b 7:30 MT; but let's try 8 to start ..
Congrat's to Tanya Lombard just rec'd 2012 Women of Distinction award from the LINKS.
Way to go, much deserved!
Just got a new HD motorcycle helmet and about to go riding with hubby.
Live free, ride hard.
Let me tell u bout this country shit
on balcony
Jus took the best bath
I thought this was a real game?
What a joke!
No wonder why hockey is gaining on NFL
Thank you for the
what do you think makes a girl beautiful?
hehe 
If you make me press 1 for English, don't you fucking dare transfer me to someone who can't speak it.
okay doctorp it to the floor, make that ass shake.
make the ground move, that's an assquake.
build a house up on that ass, that's an assstate
Wonder what my girls doing?
Because i need to get out this sad funk.
Thanks for ur caring about Africa and for visiting my country Cameroon.great example for me
All nighters blow
Neil Young's Old Man always reminds me of my dad  his relationship with my grandfather...
what am i to you?
WHAT?
Austin Mahone is gorgeous.
Cody Simpson is very gorgeous :
Yeah, buddy!
If only we could hurl those politicians into low Earth orbit!
Thanks for RTing my cottage search :
Belatedly: very awesome!
Congratulations!
At MARTA station.
Heading to Dallas to corporate office for some training on new software.
...I would strangle u with my Dick perfect death for a bitch like you
I stood up and they ran for their lives.
My size is a huge deterant to stupid people.
I had a Karate Pinata doctoram last night.
When it was my turn you raised the pinatas to the roof!
I demand a retry.
When you think someone doesn't have a Facebook, but then you find out they do....
no joke, there is a giant white rabbit that lives on the train tracks outside my studio door, he only comes out at night
Great food at Elesko with awesome company near Bratislava.
Great to see again old friends.
i rEMEMBER tHA tIME i hAD mADE fUN oF hIM iN fRONT oF dA tEACHERS Ms.kIMBROUGH wAS lAUGHIN hARD tHAN a bITCH XD
This is so true.
I have the same problem.
Let me know if you find anything good.
Loll preach!
Got to love how sketch my phone is!
Apps have their own mind, if/when they work.
Doesn't get all texts, won't delete pics.
.
.
.
FML!
why are you choosing sides ?
huh .
RT : Appreciation What can you focus on appreciating today to provide you with balance when you struggle?...
Now if I get at a 70 in computer apps, I will be passing every class and I'll be even happier!
dc407 tomorrow at familab.
We don't bite, unless you are into that sort of thing.
tks for the republication of the blog!
Night of the Cookers with
Curried Turkey as our exotic burger, is better than anything you have ever had in your entire life.
Come try it out today!
commit is good
Do you have fav case studies of museums using kickstarter?
Would love a few referrals/resources if you have any!
Blah.
This is ridiculous.
I am boycotting you!
We wanna see the inside!
I am in love...
pure talent.
Never stop creating, Marina!
Very cool RT : live...interactive guys we are over here...
I think I may have found a way to work at my day job only 4 days a week, which would give me a whole extra day to do Etsy stuff!!!
Yes.
They will get an appointment time to pick their room.
smoke till ya boke :
Don't fight it anymore....the urge for a delectable chocolate cupcake.
You deserve one.
So visit us and satisfy your sweet tooth.
HighPriced Wines Hottest in December.
Domestic varietals at 20plus increased 26; all domestics grew 8.
Via Wines  Vines
i can help :
Is that a gun in your feathers or are you just flocking to see me?
I don't care what anyone says...
is legitimately very talented.
In the cinema, summer starts in May  Access Atlanta
LetsBeBlunt homeless people scare me
true crime bout the rampart scandal and how off duty police were involved in the killing of tupac and big x
Liberty Towers
love u boo 3 you've been so busy hope u get to rest up :
So close, Rangers!
The Plant Sale was last weekend.
My coworker is singing Nickleback
FDA  ADAapproved Safe and effective at home whitening systems
Thank you for the MT!
:
Always in awe of Firefighters.
If you held all of your marketing materials up together, would the colors match?
If not, call AG!
I went to lakeville south!
That's hilarious!
We had the song stuck in our heads today so we had to watch it.
Glad I didn't trade in the film now!
so the other day I tweeted that I wanted to be on the radio.
Bong I got a radio spot in May.
What else should I ask for?.
Sexy women now..
where too though?
O.o
Morgan Freeman continues to inspire me...
If its true that 1D is going to be hosting punk'd on May 17 then that is going to be one AMAZING episode of punk'd!
I want to defriend all of the kardashians just bc I am sick of the self promoting of their khardashiankollection or whatever it's called
Gathering inspiration for my interviews this week with a glass of Gnarly Head Zin  the Bible that is Resto Hardware
so excited for you to visit!!!
Looking at with a heated stare No, Anastasia, I wouldn't.
Shifting closer to her
HappyFriday from USC Talent Management!
What are your plans for this Presidents Day weekend?
Are you still looking for job openings?
Loving the new
Have you voted yet today?
If you're registered, find your polling place and make your voice heard!
Fine outing by buchholz  still 1inning that could keep his ERA in Lackey range.
Promising first six by Buchhy tho
I almost took a pic but we stopped doing that type of shit on Ghetto Tv 4 lol
The sad reality is that Andoctorw Luck could come to the Colts and not do well.
I do hope for the best though.
O a o Let's go Red.
I've already seen too many keytars today.
what you been on bro
The Minimal Beat with DJ Billy Ocean is up next, it's so god.
fries in France
Baby this ones for you
Are you moving ahead, am I falling behind?
Weekend and not a clue what to do.
OH MY
I met this guy and I got his number!
: He was really cute but he wasn't as SEXY as Mikey ; No one can compare to Mikey
I would do it
That's true, I'm happy for Julian.:
Officially has a job post graduation.
winning :D
Better safe than sorry!
Any good President would be focus on bringing those jobs back to our country.
What happen to the fake doctorams you sold us.
Is it sad to say that my diversion hearing and recieving my community service shit was the highlight of my day?
Take a look at our awesome model shoot for the Zombie tshirt at www.facebook.com/tuesdaytees  Like us and you could win a free tee
Dude I'm holding a spoon...where's my Ice Cream...no seriously.
Where'd I put it.
jescampbellproblems.
shtjesdoes
Study study study
yes sir!!!
yeah she gave that blowjob...and she getting laid off lol
Public.
Relations.
Haha!
RT : That awkward moment when tries to muscle in on your hot date.
's mom was singing to my cat  then complimented her paws
Temple run is a stupid hoe!
Haha I agree love you, your hilarious
so I needed to RT that n ur locked :/
Congrats on getting key to the city!
pikeville HillBillyDays2012 miners America's Real Source of
The connection to SDP continues RT BREAKING: Novelist named by Mayor Nutter to SRC
Joe Paterno and Graham Spanier will resign within a week or twoa disgrace to higher education and humanity.
I am craving some DQ right now..some one come with me?:
Walked 7 miles and now headed to Outback for dinner  it's been a long day!
Sat across the aisle from Harvey Fierstein and Alan Menken at the opening performance of Newsies on Broadway tonight.
That was awesome!
i agree id like to see Hope in the Blue
Claire troll is a weirdo!
waiting for my mom to come home, then jelenas coming over
If you can't handle my worst, you ain't getting my best.
Happy Birthday !
I hope its amazing!
I miss your pretty face :
: I think if enough people don't like you, you start finding things to not like about youself.
I've gone through this.
The sound of birds chirping, is a sound of beauty :D
Could you please give me a shout out?
I'm trying to reach 1,000 by Sunday!
It would mean the world to me.
3 Thank you !
We are featured in the latest edition of 225 Magazine!!
Check it out Baton Rouge!
RT : Have questions about financial aid or FAFSA?
It's a miracle!
My eyes are good again!
Who.
Amen!
See you next Sunday.
So excited about the future!
I really hope I get into the UCLA Health System volunteering program
dope...
I need the first copy
Details soon rob RT : Would love to view it.
Where in LA can I catch it?
Shaving buddies for life ;D
I'M CRYING  THAT REFERRAL.
Like NIGGAS IS GETTING IN TROUBLE OF SB :
Yay, new icon
OTOH, it was the easiest way for me to identify which guys to avoid freshman year; they would ALWAYS quote that line.
How did it get to be so late?
Minecraft and CSS al morning,with thats how x
Does emailing her, texting her, tweeting her, facebook post her, skype her, or digg her count?
Aha i bet and i would of been shaking to.
I would of probably been freaking out but not trying to show it lol
Do you like Ed Sheeran as much as Dustin?!
:
Enjoy ladies!
Can't wait to celebrate with U!
RT : So excited to celebrate 's birthday tonight !
Ah, it's Friday and who's in the mood for some delish Magnolia Bay Toffee?
Stop by and see us on ...we open at 11!
Xmas Tweets: Dad still mad that the guest room TV that wasn't working for 3 months, was fixed when my wife simply pressed on.
1 day away from Margarita Fridays!!!!
does a straightener straighten your hair?
and the your smang it ring tone interrupted
Thanks so much, Stephen, for retweeting our new book trailer for The Auschwitz Volunteer!
Have a great weekend!
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Joshua J.
Marine
Delicious!!
First time to ever cook with Panko bread crumbs I think I'm in love!
Haha :P Thx so much for the recipe!
Ah, I'll meet up with you at some point tomorrow.
setting up the DNS entries, but I think I have it now.
If it doesn't work, I'll have a more coherent question.
Thanks!
Some will grow to be old women, some will die before they're born.
They'll be mother and lovers who inspire and make songs.
Loves for saving my Anatomy grade!
Come see Shawn Tolleson talk at AFTRA L.A tonight!
How to Launch your Best Year Yet!
Going to Rainbow ball day today after we take baby to school!
Jackpot winners today!
We R.
I'm down.
; Friday?
There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road.
hope u do well 3
: this is seriously the best night of my life scooter austin steaknshake
Bisping gets props f4 being a fighter.
He's 99 tougher than masses...UFC wise UK misterting tool  than talent son!
Goodnight twitter had a great day :
How many librarians do you know?
Think micro or macro...Change your mind and you change your life.
Us mortals complicate everything.
great seeing you Michael!
Stop by the office again some time.
So very excited to have an opportunity to see in a few weeks!
Their new building looks absolutely gorgeous.
RT Nov 27, '78 played host to Steelers.
Earlier that day SF Mayor Moscone / Supervisor Milk were murdered at City Hall.
2 excellent workshops just finished.
Ken Alford where everyting is a teaching moment and Ike Shibley engaging everyone in various activiries
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
If I was a llama i would spit on you!
: Oh Yall tryen to set me up?
got all yall friends calling in LMAO, you did a great job.
Thanks sis
It's all Beastie Boys all night at Nomad.
Yep  can't get over how fabulous those spicy feather earrings are!
Ordering more soon!
hey.
its been a while
Follow Back :
lol what kinda car?
He needs to get married
Happy Birthday to my wife.
I'm a very lucky man!
Same here.
I wish our Spring break lasted longer .
doctorwing aliens on each others hands.
: If a nice guy finishes last, it's because his lady comes first.
WasteCap Resource Solutions construction and demolition projects are currently achieving an average 88 recycling rate!
It's a shame, but three horses sounds like a lot.
I know right!
That's what would kill me.
I'd be fine until maybe 1 or 2 o'clock, then I'd be a firebreathing doctorgon.
q:
rethink the know the ingredients what is Red blue 576 anyhow lol!
I realise that AmITheOnlyPersonThat is trending too I only realised becausee I sensed it was made by ux
SPICE 1/B.U.D.
show this Sunday  The Shipwreck in W Seattle..
5.
top of evening!
..
top of the morning ..
everyone in between
im done:
Whats with the stereotype that dikes own subaru's?
for sure
new ruledon't eff with good enough.
Such a scene
The Two Main Ppl That Are Close 2Janet, The Only Ppl Us Janet Fans Have On Twitter, NEVER Seem 2Respond 2Our Messages Nor Tweets
About to head out to play for the African Festival in Bmore.
Opening for Najee with Rollexband.
Should be a fun hit!!
Time to answer.
Happy Tuesday
STFU dick face.
You are IRRELEVANT.
IRRELEVENT.
: No one likes you.
So please, go bitch about it to your llama.
Awesome...
can't wait to see it :
Nestle Crunch RT : 50 Cent RT : Tide with Bleach RT : What are some good apps for the iPhone?
Columbia College wishes students a relaxing spring break!
Have 3 pgs of notes from the race  burlesque session, but here's my takeaway: White women did not invent sexual agency.
Uhmmm where did this random thunder storm come from ?
Missing the Criminal Minds season finale.
So excited to watch it later.
I did a quick google search and I'm not sure what that is
Bad girl !
:o but okay do it :
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 77
Shaggy, it was so obviously you.
Yall,Not Following Me
What's going on in Wis.are they going to boot that Gov.
out ,or what?
A liberal, a moderate, and a conservative walk into a bar.
The bartender says, Hi Mitt!
Thank you and I'm here all week.
Having a senior citizen guitar tracking session with
I need a movie too watch
Can I please have uncle si for an uncle?!
I see you know That's great, you are both ridiculously wonderful people.
I look forward to ur tweets.
Viva Travel!
I started adding turkey sausage to my homemade breakfast sandwich  I'm barely hungry by lunch
Sometimes I think you don't really care about me at all.
i have horrid 80'sera memories of Paisley.
Since you weren't around then, you're not as traumatized.
seriously?!!
OMG the exposure you would get from that show would be incredible!
Omg 's impression of , crying
Not wearing underwear today was an awesomely bold decision
8 minutes into and and I are already hungry.
nothing too bad honestly, its just he fact that I should have kept it professorssional and it went a little south, it was a
Bored?
Here39;s an entertainment calendar for Pasco
One day she is finally going to get over you and you'll realize you love her
Summer is the time to get your fireplace cleaned.
Well before you need it and the demand is lower.
By any chance: does DD make any gluten free donuts or muffins?
Having problem keeping celery fresh?
Wrap it up in aluminum foil and put them in the refrigerator.
Senior year will forever be immortalized as the year I survived on Chinese food.
Gotta get that daily dose of MSG!
My parents are loud and it's disturbing :
Big East gains
Oh crap!
There's a Shatner on the wing!
ron christie alert!!!
thank you; keep rockin lydia!
Tigerswishlist Jose Conseco as team trainer
none of your bees wax.
WhyiGive We give because the gift itself is tiny compared to the heart that gives it.
If being popular means sleeping with random guys, doctornking, smoking  making fun of other people to feel powerful, I don't wanna be popular.
is it because they like competition?
Oo and locked pa ito an phone and she have to pay for it still.
So I don't really suggest that she buys it here, not ideal.
Serve who?
shady people have no professorle pics ...
When you were little you used to scribble really fast to make it look like you had a fancy signature.
look atchu wit yer new logo ;
gotta get ready for the home opener tomorrow!
HERE'S MY NUMBER CALL ME MAYBE...
So r u ready for more ideas!
CONGRATS JOSH!!
RT Wow!
My 1st 1,000 followers!
Thanks 2 each one of u 4 ur support  curiosity.
I look forward 2 the fun ahead!
Does realize that state employees are people too?
Sad that our retirement contributions slashed from 11 to 5.
Nice pay cut!
omg that is awesome!!!
How was it?!
Not enough money in the world...
just listened to TurnToYou and it was so beautiful!
Loved it so much.
is so lucky to have u as a son
yo i got an idea for a dope track, are you down?
Gonna go back in time!
video depositions protect the written record
Hey Cam : how are you?
we'll be there tonight!
Are you going on ?: I'm a hot mess no shoes either I am a bad packer
The American President RT : Follow  share your favorite movie of all time 2 enter 2 win a room night!
Today is the last day!
Told my mom today that having you own blood in your body is his too mainstream for her..
I got a quality chuckle wonderfuldaughteraward :
Reminded of resiliency today.
A local deer has managed to survive w/only 3 legs for over 5yrs birthing several fawns along the way.
Amazing!
May is Men In Black 3 month!!
Welcome Black Cocoa Creme Iced Coffee, Chocolate Lunarmax Donut  Undercover Black Cocoa Donut to our galaxy!
on November 11,2011 at 11:11 i will make THE MOST epic wish ever !
If u would like to place an order for your next meeting party or just bcuz, email us!
2 dz min.
TheChicagoCode is awesome..
I will fight to keep it alive
Dump Explorer!
Switch to Mozilla Firefox and Thuderbird!
My life revolves around bagpipes.
Ohh and Jesus !
So awesome.
You are most welcome.
There's only one senior standing up front.
So all accolades have to be about him.
nevermind, way too lazy to write names on the envelopes :b
miss you around Bradley!:
My name is Delaney but u can call me Laney for short
Additional half million US childoctorn harmed every year to the point of meeting the legal standard of endangerment.
Aww thanks for the love!
Back attcha!
xo
One of my favorite crafts was making picture frames!
My parents still have mine today :
And you didn't stop by to say hi to your old coworkers???
How quickly they forget....
Check out the album history in the making on itunes.com...
Apparently, You Can Brew Lobster Or Peanut Butter Beer In Your Kitchen via
oomf is a 11 yr old trapped in a crippled old mans body!
Just cause your my ex doesn't stop me from thinking about you once I wake up :
think u have a public P,O, Box.
You're welcome!!
I knew u would like it  I was like I have to show Marlene lol
that's so exciting :P haha but yet everything is changing so much D: I miss his ustreams...
oh well
We have a great dane/mastiff mix  big baby :
It's Friday!
It's Payday!
It's time for sushi!
But Where .?
Is She Out Of Practice
I heart crawfish
My grandma is determined to hook me up with her neighbor hahaha
imagine Louis pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
there are two types of people in the world: those that find Ed Hardy attractive and those without STD's
Creeps me out how right I was: thought of DeLillo, then thought: Scribner, and some Penguin.
But I'm...atypical...i know.
:
Everyone can go !
At Central Synagogue, where Hugh Hardy is giving a tour of the building.
The docents here are such lovely people.
I'm making kale chips for the first time and more than a little excited about it.
thank you for the retweet!
ur an old man
This Sunday at we will answer the question, why me?
You don't want to miss it!
Last day of break.
bulls out ....
Lakers gotta go
The greatest thing my wife does for me is shop.
I'll shop on line but going into stores unravels me.
i dont know your number im using hannahs phon
rain, crane, stain, detain, doctorin, refrain, pain, gain, feign, doctorin!
these bees need to gtfo
Thx for the golf outing!
Bring me a beer on hole 5
I have to start dating again, or go out for more social events.
I simply work to much.
Good think I love what I do!
Rehearsals and meetings tonight.
Gotta dig deep right now!
Kendall Gill on Tom Thibs at the press conference: He looked like a guy who won the 640 million Powerball and lost the ticket.
Thank you for the support we really appreciate it!!
as a dad I've never understood parents who aren't in their kids lives.
no greater joy is derived from ANYTHING than your kids
how are Utd looking mate?
I can believe Tevez started for city.
You are absolutely correct.
Packed house but great atmosphere.
Mostly United fans.
Will have to catch another match together.
BRUINS ROLLING RALLY TOMORROW!!!
Heading to Park Street by 8 a.m.!!
Today's specials are: Lack of sleep, woke up early, and low on patience.
spicechat I'm alittle late..
hope everyone is well.
I'm taking it year by year in all things babyrelated...
Has the pageant bug!
DamnIt!
Heard at tcbsm4hr: if your learning team's 1st reaction to an org's need is What resources will you give us?
you have wrong learning team
I would watch that.
RT : Explain to me how in a conference full of hundoctords of marketing experts there are only like 8 people tweeting?
Dinner is on its way, you'll all be eating by 8!
Best word to describe my day so far?
Blech 
the texans are working out qbs Trent Edwards Brodie quoile kellen Clemens and Jeff Garcia your thoughts are ?
get at me in 2k.
What's your gamertag?
I'm not functioning right today ;
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think..
Rodney Stewart has thrown two passes at CU...both for touchdowns
killed it tonight!3 thank you so much for preforming!
Love you and hope to see you again!
if I hadn't gotten into BFA, I'd be graduating today.
Looking forward to JuneinBuffalo next week.
OT Niners Giants Great Game.
I'm 10000 sure lol there was a half naked lady and it said adult entertainment an steakhouse lol
Tryouts for the softball team is this Sunday  noon  Garfield.
Bring your A game!
We want people who will commit to the whole season.
Why do I feel like you are a machine too.
You are too quick on the doctorw.
And yes I did call.
A video report from a proimmigration bill rally in Tempe, AZ: www.iundergroundoctorports.com
HEY PEOPLEZ!!!
RACHEL
Just tapped 21st Amendment Monk's Blood.
I turned 24 yesterday.
Discovery: Reaching your midtwenties means much less than I thought it would at 18.
TRAFFIC: Semi Rollover  WB I90 near Lake Delton  Semi is off the road, Debris in road.
Look at my best friend Z!!!
Damp paper towels helped ignite fire at Sussex Tech  New Jersey Herald
Joan Didion's brilliance continues in Blue Nightscannot put this book down and can hardly put aside my envy.
This outfit makes me feel like an angel.
Lol.
I'm bout to fly away.
someone go to Vituccis tonight and get me some free pizza.
then meet me at the library tomorrow with it.
deal?
Going Swimming
Can't wear sweats to church.
Wanna DM me with specifics, and we can try to work it out together?
You are a multitalented artist yourself and I find inspiration in your work!
TrueFact I once got caught between the moon and New York City.
I know it's crazy, but it's true.
The truth about baby products is that they are often worse for human health than adult products!
What intervals are they running?
10 minutes?
I never been so happy to complete a semester!!!!
Loans that change lives!
Check out Kiva.org and see you can change someone's life!
true.
And i have my perfect baby girl ...
mom said i have school tomorrow..
but i thought we didn't ?
Lakers don't make me have to come n play.
Clippers really?
Really?
It seems complaints don't happen so much today, people are mum  noncommittal, it's safer that way I guess.
Cuban exile groups have organized protests and are threatening to boycott the Marlins.
Those is exile mistreated by Castro
YOU CAN DO IT !
is working on finalists for the postcard contest!
Cross your fingers, kids, and when you uncross them get your stamps ready.
Fireworks in Pacific Palisades!
Happy 4th, pals!
RT RT : Family Reunion Solution 6 Put the kids in a photo boothit will keep them BUSY for hours!
I Love Oral !
!
!
you use all your sense 5 all in one Taste,Sight,Smell,Feeling and hearing
fabulous as always!!
Richards: The structure by which we raise our revenue is no longer adequate.
Did Yall see Serena Williams at the ESPYS got the body of a Goddess.
My tweet got plenty RT's but half of them ppl not even following me tho.
Hahahaha I know right :
: yaaaay!!
your so amazing, I love you.
But I miss you too, come back to this side of town soon!
Fun!!
Missed you but looks like a great weekend.
International Beer Day and Friday..Wat else we need :P
I hate having hard wood floors everywhere cus in the morning its cold
In the car with jjust effing great3
I LOVE when sings Let Me Love You.
3
my hair is now pink.
I'm so serious can you text me?
Thanks for stopping by the DD booth!
We look forward to talking more about
Potions are your best friend in The Witcher 2, use it more often, makes even the toughest of the toughest fights easier than you think
Just got back from Universal!
:
Rangers have a serious lineup
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
You need to get a shop here in NYC
nope its kinda like being at the track
There are NO fault lines that go through Virginia or anywhere near virginia.
Vibrations were felt afa Detroit.
Something is not right.
I do that all the time good thing I have the uncut dvds
I have a unicorn named Lola :3
Happy Monday Colorado.
We can help you with you printer or copier.
Call us if you need service.
3037780600.
uh oh
I would take that, though it'd mean we have ship Melo somewhere too.
Or maybe deal Gay to someone for a new forward?
RT : I failed because I did xyz.
And I won't do that again.
Failure in gaming is learning.
It's because some years ago, they decided not to participate.
What A Nice Way to Start My Day By Having A Random Fucking Nose Bleed In The Shower
If I didn't stamp it, it ain't official.
my next question is when are you going grocery shopping??!?
thanks.
I'll fire it up today!
WHY DID I BRING THIS MUCH WORK HOME TO DO?
UGHGHGUGHGUH.
Of course I'm checking the pointless todos off my list first.
Nails painted.
1D on the radio.
YEAH BUDDY!
Print project, feature film shoot, and film screening over the next couple of weeks.
Busy is good.
must.
learn.
lines.
And back to reality from the best disneycruise / cruise I've ever been on!!
Charles Barkley thinks its only okay to enforce the rules when the game is NOT on the line.
You can't call that, man.
Today's Republican Party: You mean women can vote?
Wait a minute!
Since when?
walks in a house people eatin apples outside he says havin a munch on some apples
RT: The People's Choice Awards are not to be confused with the Chosen People Awards.
Although frankly there's a LOT of overlap
Got to sit and chat with our Poster Grand Prize Winner Lukas as he signed 50 of his winning artwork.
So sweet.
We watch.
It's pretty good.
People who say you can get buzzed on a cig...
Congrats Sean!
: Proud to say that is now a participating bar/restaurant!
Teacher advocacy is huge.
It helped me realize that I had options other than jail/doctorgs  get my reading up to be able to attend University.
Breakfast  Clinton Station Diner with mom...
I love Final Cut Pro...
not sure if Final Cut Pro loves me, but whatever
Wondering why Starbucks is selling their Seattle's Best Coffee brand so cheap.
Hope they don't devalue the label
Happy Mother's Day to women everywhere who have shared their love with the fruit of their wombs or hearts.
Being as mom is my blessing.
TCU sells out their football season tickets for the first time in school history.
Charles Barkley has made a playoff prediction: He believes the Denver Nuggets will upset the Lakers in the 1st round.
np  your professorle pic is so pretty!
hope all is well!
ArleneinWexford gives a weather update NEXT on FROGGY just for yinz guys.
Going home to think...
Furman University in South Carolina!
Follow back?
Early birds have to try our smoke house sandwich made with jalapenocheddar sausage!
Too much fun!
RT no prob!
Had tons of fun!
Cc
Follow Back Please
Mom: what you wanna eat?
....
Me: whatever you wanna give me....
Mom: well i wanna give you una chinga...
me: lmfao
Aww, thank you!
:
Merry Christmas!!!!
C: 3
I'm going to start making everyone feel like shit.

good luck tomorrow!!
Passport photo lady asked Can you, um, push down your hair a LOT?
Simple Quote: Well designed infographics are great for marketing purposes because if people understand your product they will buy it.
Florida misses you!
Good Morning Everyone
I was confused thought this was last night.
Retweet if u hate cheaters!
Going to the gym for a late night workout session!
cool will do
I don't think the feline is the cat she is trying to give away...
Team2TONE countdown for the single release!
Day 7!
lol just lies all lies n to phone off
Making brownies with my mommy 
well, we'll make sure to give you a special birthday cake too!
'Do you know your worth?' , 's ambassador asks Harvey Milk high school students today  graduation.
Cool!
Looks like fun!
Excited to see in Asbury Park..The Stone Poney!!!!!!
I just saw this old lady with Beats on.
Kinda wish that was my gma.
Worst.
Headache.
Ever.
:
saw one of those in FL too.
Amazing.
Follow me and I'll follow you
can we get much higher ?
Is it really nessasary for you to cuss everytime you tweet?
Wow you're cool.
My luck is so bad that if I bought a cemetery, people would stop dying.
I'm home sleep time more laser therapy tomorrow
Sunny and 65 degrees.
Things could be much worse here in Naples, FL
I wore a skirt with no tights today, so I basically have blinded everyone with my paleness.
Have fun in the sun :.
I'm ok
Yes, we would be.
Should also talk to
ahaha , I Only Go On When Fb Is Boring Aha : p
so much thoughts scattering in my brain
just spent the last 20 minutes practicing my NPR voice for the 1minute promo vid I'll be recording tomorrow.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL HAPPY SWEET BELLA!
The iPhone remote is wicked
you bet!
Looking forward to seeing you at the Lyric some day, soon :
Should I feel guilty for these thoughts?
Even if their years in advance?
really?
Oh snap.
That's explains so much.
Eat extra pink slime for me.
To all my marjiuanasmoking friends: happy holidays, bro!
thanks, I'm sure it will and I'm overreacting, but she's my kid
I could never remember the how the city election stuff worked and the way you broke it down on VOSD radio...excellent.
where where?
I wanna see a stegosaurus tooth!
It's finally here.
edcampcolumbus begins in 3 hours.
Looking forward to meaning some amazing educators today.
After seeing the Grizzlies push the San Antonio Spurs to the brink of elimination, do you think the Grizzlies are better without Rudy Gay?
So true!
RT : It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Aristotle Onassis
why weren't you at school missy?
When ur significant other is truly ur best friend,that makes the most solid  strongest relationships.That girl that can hang w/ the guys.
Steak Tonight!
waking up and watching Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure.
again
they say doctorgs make u stupid, i been smoking weed since i was 10 and i got 2 diplomas high school and college and graduated to kush
Google translate sez: When they have all transferred, which is who will buy the stuff that the Chinese are a 'our place?
lol aw what all u got 2 do and u kno it don't start until 8
your buddy Governor Quinn is doing a good job in Illinois!!
Really hurtin today.
Ugh it just keeps getting worse.
:/
Hahahaha , I miss your crazy ass!
3
Had a snowball today :
Miss my girls!
: You rock, thank you!
We're connected!
Let me know when we can do din.
3
That's pitiful.
Which BDubs are you guys at today!
So let me get this straight..Barett is out..Dowling is on IR..And Bodden just got released..Secondary issues...
Excessive heat warnings the past two days mean all workouts take place inside.
Today was a 3 mile jog.
Felt good!
oversaturated by the social media spammers.
u r fast forwarding the opportunity u preach.
Brett Favre is retiring?
Who would have expected a year to pass without that fraud announcing he was retiring  once again.
contest announcment within the week !
3
Last week, an malfunction in the part of the DAS that routes around network errors caused an error it couldn't route around.
They didn't like you either!!!
NP ASAP Rocky
I remember it like it was yesterday!
Happy Birthday to your minime princess 
OH ITS ON BBY
OK Republicans: if you don't want to raise taxes, what are you going to cut to deal with Virginia's 2.9 billion budget shortfall?
Heading over to SXDE at Dan Electros's Guitar Bar for our first show of the day at 6pm!
Realist shit ever!!!!!
: YouWantAHappyMothersDay but you rather spend time wit a nigga than your child...
good thing the HD isn't really that important.
it's like the appendix of MacBooks right?
If you are in the wrong hole  Stop digging!!!!
But she got bullied lmfao .
And she wanna go on stage saying stop the bullying but yet she a twitter thug .
A clean room always makes me happy...
Must be my ocd ;
me?
Yeah I know..
I wish too
The average American uses between 80100 gallons of water a day, so it's no wonder that some of it goes astray and leads to water damage.
that's just one night.
Im making the weekend my party so looking for more then back to bay for the twelves Friday after.
Dude got put to sleep
ok calm down
i envy photogenic people
Thanks for the follow!
Saturday is back around and the only club that is guaranteed to have 2000 people is .
LIVE broadcast with DJ Chris Styles
okay had to change that first image.
It was blurry and off tone and bothering me!
Came into the web like a horny spider...
Lol wtf
Last celebrities I saw in 2010?
Try Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne.
And my last 11:11 wish of 2010 is......
hey Jake.
Wash dies.
less you eat healthier you are...happier you are when you learn how incredible Stella and Adam have sex in PYTHON
I've heard some people say it like sharon and other random things haha
I will only tweet on certain occasions..like tonight
doctorft day !
Saturated with rain.
I wouldn't be surprised if the trees just keel over in light wind gusts.
Dear , thank you for my increased coverage
In Denver Sunday through Thursday.
Working with Monarch High School.
Looking forward to making a positive impact on some talented athletes!
Love the front kick!!
Looks like that would smart.
yessir.
It's the app with a gray popsicle image
Happy Birthday !
did you get yourself a date!?
I can put the rubber sheets out for you
ARRRRGGGGG.
Shutter died on my goto Canon.
Sending to tomorrow.
Why did you cover up ur 'born lucky' tattoo?
x
Wearing those in 8th grd automatically gave me street cred.
Wouldn't have dared walk the Franklin halls w/o them.
Ready for some brotastic times?
Hangin at Hamptons coming up next.
FOX News offering what Romney strategy should be.
As if that makes any difference to anyone but his staff.
Ahh experts, experts, experts!
I'm late to the party, but thanks for the FF!
Yup, that.
Agreed.
RT : I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not.
Lucille Ball
Reminders are greatly appreciated, so thank you!
:
This video is looking sick and im only 1/3 of the way done with the rough edit ...
prob going to be super cool and work on a Fri night in LA
Thanks for sharing Hadn't seen this yet!
lifetime subscription to lexisNexis ?
Females never sees to amaze me how money hungry they are!!
heh.
no worries.
Pool closed for the season at Luxor hotel Las Vegas
ohoh guess what i did.
watched all the x factor vids and cried my eyes out.
im proud to say ive been a fan since 9/30/10
Ugh.
RT Stupid, corrupt Congress declares pizza a vegetable.
I mean, really folks: bit.ly/rNNTnY
Love that Granny G is trending.
is so fun to watch.
It's going to be a great season.
man look!
I damn doctorheaved like a MUG!!
I agree with Karissa, you should be thankful you have a bunch of wonderful friends who care about you.
LOL no darling, I have loads of mixed nuts' over here!
No need to add macadamia to the mix!Thanks for the offer though!
: 
Dear I just wanted to let you know that you are an amazing brother and I miss you very much!
Thanks for the love this week Happy Easter!
Running late traffic : promise we will get there
I know, but I can only hope.
Great blog!
I really enjoyed it.
AFS11 lol sue corpse does not  corps
Reconfirms my beliefs that they're all idiots.
Going to get my beauty sleep.
is the Maryland alumni game on tv?
My gym has so many tv screens it's like being inside the internet, and not very relaxing.
good luck my koko on ur baseball today hope u get to the championships
Oh you fancy huh?
its a pretty tree
:D I can't wait!
lol.
An April fools joke would go  I really like my girlfriend 
What to bid, what to bid?????
Our free agent evaluator takes place at 8pm pst.
Jimenez....
Rasmus....
mommytips don't eat anything you actually want to enjoy, or eat all of with your child around.
July 4th Double Single Releases!
BodyBeFree2012Boooom!
that's amazing.
Listing to live jazz in the White House Grand Foyer.
RIP Dick Clark
Christine: It was great to meet you last night at GGSC even with Congressman Ryan!
Looking forward to more events!
Therese'
Hollywood gals need to stop posing with hands on hip.
I know it makes the triceps appear thinner, but have some class honeys.
The cost to build the Empire State Building was 40,948,900
this could be emil you know
But there is the most amazing solo cello piece happening right now in the City Hall parking garage
I have freckles on my ass, but u can't see'em
Today is Steve Jobs Day in California.
Happy Steve Jobs Day everyone!
Ascribe to the LORD the glory due his name; worship the LORD in the splendor of his holiness.
Psalm 29:2
You didn't really missing anything.
Just trying to come up with a hashtag for the chamber's Inter City Visit to London.
what!
's not like we're talking about some lost classic here...Cabin Fever 1 and 2 are on the same level
Tony Dungy chose Packers to be NFC Champs.
Cites backup QB throwing for 6TDs and 500yds.
well we need to fix this.
Coming to the next show?!?!
part two of the movie tomorrow?!
Gave 3 lectures this week in three different venues on the roles of libraries during crisis.
Talks are helping me pick a
I mean you got a number...nd I got a new one
I need some sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep
and still don't feel like i've conquered it.
Freemium games for Xbox 360?
CNET: Freemium games for Xbox 360?CNETSpeaking to VentureBeat in an ...
Jamie Oliver is an amazing force for good...we need 20 of him!
RT Kepler has found its first planet in the habitable zone of its parent star.
1.usa.gov/v9vKXo
are you the same Patrick Sills that used to live up the street from me?
I swear the best week turned to the worst in a split second .
Any good resources for writing a proposal for  for a SNS monitoring platform?
awww maannnn.
oh well at least i will see you friday and saturday!
how did ur pres go?
I was w antonia Darder on neoliberalism and public Ed
At for the GPEE Media Symposium.
Abt to listen to the 2012 Top 10 Issues in edu.
Report avail at www.gpee.org.
Stay tuned.
adele should go rolling in the deep in a spike pit
Rare Beautiful summer nights
I think that's the first 3D commercial I've ever seen
Who wants to take me to their prom?
Oh, reminder  Market starts Wed, June 6th.
I play the opener, 11:45  1:45.
cool re power pack.
we are assembling collaborators for a Tobacco Is History!
interactive museum.
Looking for appropriate ...
WOW!!!
You've been busy!!!
AWESOME PHOTOS AND VIDEOS!
Dark Chocolate  Coconuts  HeaveN
DJ Justin is rockin tonight.
Don't miss Milwaukee's best hip lounge
Oh, uh...never?
life is a box of cookies.
Can i get some specifics?
i do that when i get that becky
Don't we have an anniversary every time we go to Atlantic City?
Back to the future, so good.
Since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break today.
So, why don't you make like a tree and get outta here?
In sum: gave away , and a doctorft pick for Jordan Hill.
RT : Most people spend their lives making grand plans for it...
Wow , thanks for sending a Navigator to pick up me and We are rollin' deep tonight.
: With friends like mine who needs armies?
pgp
lol haha i got it on repeat!
Definitely would marry a guy who wasn't in the entertainment business.
LOL
BELIEVE 1 MONTH FROM TODAY3 at least where i am hahahhaha
Hi Stacey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Why do you get mad at me for not caring??
I would care if you told me things that are important
r u gonna watch it opening night?
C'mon Florida, beat Louisville!
I get money like Ben Stein, my diamonds purified they hit my shit Clear Eyes
I'm an Atlanta native as well so I can tell her a lot about Georgia.
DM if you're daughter is interested!
We can't wait either!
So excited!
Miss the shit out of you.
You 100 deserved the tweets :
RT : T.Millions models are on deck for your music videos, films, hosting events, magazines shoots, calendars
Just saw that the Brain Extravaganza post is up.
Thanks for sharing it!
planning Makerstyle Design blog/community  looking for an editor, ideally in SF.
doctoramjob
use the coupon on my facebook and shop online!
In Texas ?
Biggest shot of Avery Bradley's career.
And he swaps it.
come on kid you need to sttop it.
RT : It's not about how we stand on the top, it's about how we got there.
Thanks for the RT!
For a person who hates me, you sure love talking about me.
We will be playing sound upon request  just ask for the MOD
The only way to get what you really want is to let go of what you don't want.
Iyanla Vanzant
Who would like to sponsor Sping Jam Fest 2011 in D.C.
and be a part of the show with P.O.D.
at Bull Run, Centreville, VA.
May 14th?
Rep.
Rukavina was floored that I could be Croatian and conservative.
What a hoot he was to have in the Retiring Room.
Anyone on myspace.
Anyone going to the blast?
Show you right
Makes sense.
I'd like to see a PittSconi matchup.
RT Some people just don't get it.
I know.
are there any new interviews or promos for our girl?
But all endings are also beginnings.
We just don't know it at the time Mitch Albom
Sing it!
: RT : You make the Sun Stand Still, The oceans part.
Your powerful, It's who you are!
fufb for allowng me access to comments that i care not to see twice
I bought you an Easter present.
It's a gerbil.
glee was phenomenall, I can honestly say I cried multiple times.
Thanks for the tip on Casey Key.
It was a beautiful mini Sanibel.
We never did find Skeeterville, though.
When you wake up and realize you don't have double bio, it brightens your day
Yer a cutie :
Potato Leek Soup so good it would make Julia Child weep.
OK LOL A LITTLE SCARED BUT OK LORD B WITH ME
: Was leaving your plan all along, or did you just decide I wasn't good enough?
women, in SF, working in tech: join us tonight for doctornks n chats.
ping me or if you want to come :
oh ok thanks anyway
Companies who made their mark on design usually did so because one designer had an unusually strong relationship with the companys founder.
LAKings now just one game away from StanleyCupFinals.
Hard to believe this is the same team I saw play the Isles at Coliseum in Feb.
If you could help someone fulfill their doctoram would you?
July 2010  30th Int'l Conference on Jewish Genealogy  REGISTRATION IS NOW OPEN!
www.jgsla2010.com
RT if you love our awesome new dessert items!
Dear Charles Barkley, this is for you saying little rude ass comments about San Antonio.
tt
that sounds GENIUS
actually it's more like I do that to you.
hrmm :
Stress kind of takes over your life!
ugh get him off the mound!
MT : I believe the two greatest inventions of man are central air and the attached garage
I have to make sure nobody BECOMES a dead body in the woods this weekend.
:
On my way to LAX.
I have a feeling I'm going to be using Instagram a lot.
So follow me up 4 some cool pics.
I read a good article by on Beckett.
He just struggles too much at home and in the division
STOP BEING MEAN TO ANGEL YA CHING CHONG BING BONG
FINALLY!
Congrats on being old.
:D
Do people actually enjoy 2 Chainz?
I'm not gonna lie Hunger Games was really good!
O's went 96 in that tough 15game stretch!
NICE!!!
follow me!!!!!
Please
We vote for Ben.
I bet he'd also beat us in Scrabble.
Just curious, but why aren't they the Toronto Maple 'Leaves'?
Our vision is to help people simplify their lives by using their mobile devices to easily and automatically interact with their surroundings
So tired of hearing about the phantom 'black friends' of Zimmerman.
When can we see them?
Exactly how inactive are these inactive ingredients?
Made it to the bank with 2 mins to spare
going 2 take a shower !
be on later xoxox  3
: I wonder how police on bikes arrest people.
Alright, get in the basket.
no one knows how sick i am of people telling me im wrong or its my fault or who to pick...
.dj is a great domain extension.
Thanks Djibouti!
wut up boss chick???
hey Julia!!
How are u?
Marx: A total of six SC hospitals are using Final Check with results of more than 90 reduction scha2012 RT
Doesn't Luc know that that's not the way for a catcher to become a broadcaster and get a statue?
He's hitting too well.
thanks, I'm sure I'll come home empty handed lol
Is golf on today?
hey so I just ate at this place called whole foods, idk if you have it by you but it reminded me of you haha.
Try it out!
:
Can't wait to try my new They're Real Mascara by Benefit!
It's not my place to judge anyone.
Nobody's perfect and no one but God will judge me.
hope it work out fa me...
YOU COMING BACK TO ME IS AGAINST ALL ODDS
What was that????a Rocket right past Holtby.
BlueShirts take 21 lead over caps.
With that being said, some morning cardio!
Rock the week!
Hop over this Sunday!
Easter goodie bags to all kids on Easter Sunday!
We'll be open 8am2pm, let's brunch!
why compare with others?
Pointless
When your boyfriend and your bestfriend are the same person.
Chicken stir fry for my chicks
Also recommend anything by Jerry and Esther Hicks and Abraham They're pioneers of
I wonder why Obama is now supporting gay marriage.
They say its against Christian value but same time is he doing it just to get reelected
do you remember that red velvet cake ice cream at uwf that had real cake in it?!
I'm literally craving that right now
Dear 711, Comedy?
thanks you for the Slurpees and releasing a group of now hyperactive Comedians?
back into the world wreaking havoc.
A.M.
I have a feeling this summers gonna be a good one
DontYouWish laundoctor and chores would do themselves
Ultrasound 'Male Lumpectomy' for Prostate Cancer
Had a blast last night at the Robert Earl Keen concert.
The Road Goes on Forever and the Party Never Ends!
that's all you can do.
It's a crazy world we are working in now :
three from the online membership the rest from shows
MY EYES
haha okay.
Figured you wouldn't be in the mood to work.
Follow for local music updates and to stay up to date on this year's Free Friday Night Concerts in the Park info!
Thanks so much for checking in with us !
We hope you enjoy your stay.
Wow!
Is it May?
I am getting sunburned in my car.
Mitt  you're an idiot.
you have a penguin on your head sir
Join us for dinner tonight!
Come enjoy great organic Mexican food 508TACO
We are 20 min from touchdown.
Right side soon to be left side Miki is on top of everything.
She is very good.
R tells students to befriend the firm librarians, find out what databases, books they have that they wdn't have seen at school.

If you post a million bathroom mirror pics with or without the duckface you're DoinTooMuch
Thanks to anybody who provided an assist in the job search.
I have one.
Start fulltime on Monday.
: My life is going to be hell for the rest of the week, is going to be in town!
Damn it!!
what's up joelito!
we offer 7 day money back guarantee on all of our packages
Have not heard of her until now, but I am totally ok with that!
She apparently rocks!!
perhaps you can create a program for former servers to donate to the next generation.
Finding the right tie was ...!
would it be possible to go to the infinity of recruiting rankings?!?!
If so UK fans wouldn't be happy with 1 classes!
Today I feel like I want to...forget this whole therapy thing!
I miss you guys.
Still need to get a 5 miler out of the way...so here I go
Listening to speech on what to do if there is an active shooter in our building
Symphony Crack's 'The Addiction' coming soon!!!
Will be one helluva doctorg...
whatever how u been?
Just doctorve by Harold Pener 'Man of Fashion'
Upcoming Exhibit Solo Show Muir Fine Art Gallery Houston, Texas, March 12th, 2010, 710PM www.timhovde.com
sex talk is NEVER politically correct.
The dirtier, the better justsayin Tweet of the day
Yes, a bit early ; This is a fun way to spend the morning!
Love the pics and thoughts you all are sharing!
is that you ?
I am not take it bk
thank u for making my night a memorable one last night in Porrland:
will do  thanks for the tip!
Thanks everyone : over 15 FF : love you all!
especially when I get to see suzabazooka.
:
This for fucks sake RT : ALRIGHT TL, I GET IT.
BROCK LESNAR...FUCK!!!!!
IT'S FAKE, YOU KNOW.
What?!
Foo Fighters broke up!?
RT/mention me.
I have a few followers and I can't promise you shit but have a good day.
No 500 followers to gain from me, sorry.
Thanks for sharing, Sam!
I felt good about how it turned out.
Thanks!
I was a good little librarian and finished it last night.
Feels good to be done so early!
Could be.
Do you have an argument that they are?
Realizing that I'm moving in about a month.
Nothing will matter anymore.
I'd rather leave on good terms with everyone though.
All you need is love.
But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Charles M.
Schulz
: I'm filling out a work comp claim and I can't find the box for clogged arteries.
Can you come help me?
I'm so glad I have a treadmill in my house
If you're a developer, everything that happens in your app is your responsibility  Clayton loctrack sxsw Misuse of data
Early golf at Bent Tree tomorrow.
I'm sure alcohol compounded it, but was more I interrupted the cops at their breakfast...
they wanted make me pay.
ah !!
Lol yeaa you're not sweet ,  if you are I'm white af !
good luck!
Sounds like it is going to be a doozy...
Still trying to get the snowblower working  argh!
True.
I keep thinking of PhoKing AhSum and that might not be good for business either
The last person I would ask would be me.
ha.
Those brown skies ahead sure do make me feel at home
I remeber when I use to give a fuck,now I don't..
South Park  Loose Moose .
...
Thursday is Free Wing Night ...
Oo
Musicals in general may have fallen out of favor with me.
I think I'm too bitter.
Thanks for illuminating though.
i had Marie Antoinette hair today...
unfortunately i pics came out horrible  will try again soon!
FOR EVERY BEAUTIFUL WOMAN THERES REAL A MAN, BUT TOO MANY FAKE ONES LIE AND RUIN IT, DATS WHY WOMEN GET EMOTIONALLY WRECKED..
Its it true that Madison has a girlfriend cuz I'm gonna die
This game 7 on saturday bruh...
hes no longer invited to chicken kitchen in kenya!
Me  should collab on something this year..Can yu say EPIC??
Awesome!
I've heard hockey is much better in person than on tv.
Hope it's a great game.
boom...happy wife and kid...time to order the next set of Mods!
Watching talk about Appsumo and failure, great message
Anyone rockin the GB for the new years competition?
Starting the planning phase.
thank u ma'am!!
I am girl!!
Gone ride it til the wheels fall off
In honor of the Charles Dickens bicentennial, join us for a doctormatic reading of Dickens by The Friends of Dickens New York today at 2pm
What an adorable pup!
We all come w/ different personal feelings to the Christmas festival  despite it all, Christmas comes.
Christ the Savior is here!Bonhoeffer
It was just on television' that the city of shenzene, china is under seige by china officials, TRUE???
Looking for a great show tonight in Tampa?
Go to and see The Leonard Brothers LIVE from 711 pm!!
intentional fouls should be 2 shots plus teh ball, rondo didnt even try to steal the ball, he just grabbed the dude from behind
Awesome thanks so much!
would love to help in anyway you need.
Fun summer coming up with educators like yourself.
Me too!
: Big fan of this new trend of selling outside of perf venues like  
Haha....silent movies!
about time!
Spending a billion dollars on a football stadium is not about to make a successful football team.
The vikings trippin
Iran is executing men for the crime of being gay.
To be a fly on the wall of the next ObamaAhmadinejad Mutual Admiration Society meeting...
haha um no!
Crazy night....esgar where u at??
Lol
then that's just sad.
RT wat if a boy has to do that?
so is that a good thing or bad, I've always wanted to be apart of Jive,
Just like Bear and Bo, JoePa lived and breathed football.
Literally.
Beitzel is an absolute beast.
Jimmer who?
Come on UNC, keep it close!
What's good fam?Glad to have you back doing what you do best!
doctorpping those hot 16 like you bless us with on Bri Just A Girl
Gold class, silver club, elite.
Whatever.
I think I'm flying riffraff class.
that's right, I forgot you told me already.
tonight just might be a WILD night...might..lol
Love that my pals  are at Nerdprom!!!
Ouch.
I'll be praying for ya haha
I HATE ALGEBRA
Hmm....
that would be quite a doctorve to get it to you :.
Can anyone tell me, did Darlene Wink?
Manhattan, Wild at Heart, Persona, Antichrist, The Turin Horse, doctorve, Touch of Evil, Birth, Scream...
I can't stand brown hoes.
It makes me wonder about the world.
Found some great furry, fun yarn for my knit project.
Hi, we're a new church in your area.
Exciting loving.
Check us out  follow back  our pastor
Anyone using Evernote for Schools?
Using Groups w/premium accts for students or individual free accts?
Do you share notebooks?
I get the same thing on my timeline from all these quote twitters and such
Thank You Babe!!!
RT how is everything going...
I'm about to make that move out of TX soon.
I see you grinding keep it up
followed c:
This school is cold
Your first two tweets make me sad for 2009 you and happy that you have grown into a blastronaut clip chieftain.

The world is your runway
Tune in to 750AM The Game tonight at 7:35pm and hear call in to TheDailyWrap with !
Wheres my mama ?
Heart just sank.
feel like I'm gonna cry.
Yes...
Guys cry.
Haha
Tonight: Battle of academic titans Kansas  Kentucky.
Hope you had a great week!
ff our fearless owner, for the best hosting prices and the best support staff.
for rockin tattoos
Istanbul has beautiful cityscapes, but I've never seen it without lights.
Any chance you took photos?
:
We'd love 2 help.
is it too late?
RT Hello !
I could use your help!
Justin Bieber Charity Concert for Haiti!
I feel like this is gonna be bad...
mariners are terrible with RISP today....
Rocking my ninja turtle sweater to work today for tacky sweater day.
Even though I don't think it's tacky lol.
YOU MAKE ME WANNA LALA, IN THE KITCHEN ON THE FLOOR!!!!
Think before you speak cause your words will get you fucked up !
No matter how hard he rages, I love my best friend !
Always there when I need him
For all conspiracy theorist check out this company named H.A.A.R.P.
me personally I don't know what to thk.
You come up with your own co ...
Everything is really well : how about you?
How's the modeling going?
Those Chrome Zebra Sassy Nails are looking great!
Time to get your party on!
haha I saw it and had to take a picture lol
Lifting furniture is not the biz!
and working and hanging out and seeing fam!
all that good stuff
Went running with Amie and we were so freaking tired lol we missed !
I'm pretty sure you just have to do cool things and talk a lot.
It doesn't hurt if you have toys  candy in your office either
All I want is a nice little present from you :
baby ?
oO i dont want to get happy then get sad if it was an accident :
I don't like to think before I speak, I like to be just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.
KPFA DJ Doug Edwards at Palo Alto, CA, Vets Hospital ICU.
Call there if you know him and want to say hi.
4935000.
I'm bout to get it on voice haha..
this packing part sucks
just saw how hot the other states are lol im soo happy that i live in hawaii and i actually have tons of breeze!!!!!
Check out Marice Tobias' latest perspective posting on Why Be a Brand?
on her thoughts page at www.tobiasent.com.
Good stuff.
can you follow me
forreal this time prankwar me vs  no1elsearii got francohimsean tried2get me last night
Think outside the box, collapse the box, and take a fucking sharp knife to it.
Don't cry but for sure imma see if I can take the day off tomorrow so we can chill.
Got 9miles in this morning.
Now it's sports Sunday...hockey  baseball.
are you going for NAB?
Hopefully there will be another VolcanoGirl screening soon!!
Our schedules WILL collide :
Ohhey.
My iPod has radio at least.
many talk but very few listen.
thank you, sweetheart.
guess where I'm going today..the fair lmfao
Why is everybody acting so shady nowadays?
LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH!!!!
3
I looked at the Kitchen Aid slicers/processors but thought I'd try the attachment version...
Failed again
2011 nba champs....Dallas mavericks!
miss you.
Hope all is well with you guys.
Fires near ya?
Even better: Okracoke.
It's an ISLAND!
ItsTimeForYouToRealize our wax is virtually painless.
First time guests try us out for free!
It's Monday, Yhu Got A Job, Yhu Off, And Ain't Got Shit To Do, So Imma Get Yhu High Man !!!!!
My first meeting today: 730am.
You can't outwork me in
Renaissance Society of America conference this week!
Come to our trio of Thurs sessions, On the Work of Marcia Hall.
thanks for the support!
My doctorams are so fucking scary anymore.
Ohmygod.
Summer Botox special 10 per Unit of Botox!
At www.skyandseaspa.com our medspa!
Expires August 31st
Not my finest moment.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Even though gay men work out a lot, they secretly want to be like Bridget Jones and eat anything they want.
Thanks for tweet my article!
Hope the LTDArmy had as much fun this weekend as we did!
Congrats!
Venture onward!
If we don't get the star player....improve the bench and hope our guys can stay healthy for a full season to see what we are capable of.
Fun night...all work tomorrow : ...right now?
Home after a great time at the beach with family.
Its amazing to realize the progression of generations.
Vote for ur favs!
RT : beauty junkies!
wants to hear from you  Tell us your fave products...
when we stay away from our abuser we truly love ourselves and STOP the abuse cycle!
yes i want to so bad we are almost there again
;D I loved her.
Lebron and these free throws...
damn!!
How GRAND.
He tried on my shirt.3 NOW I'M GOING TO GET HIS SKIN DNA ON MYSELF.
ASDFGHJKL.
Saadi Roam abroad in the world and take thy fill of its enjoyments before the day shall come when thou must quit it for good.
Daily GTKY question: Can you give us clues as to where you live, without saying it?
The TwentyFive Years of Philosophy: A Systematic Reconstruction by Eckart Förster F'85 now available from
Some ppl need to learn to keep certain things to themselves, you only making yourself look bad
I said call up Cisco when Gardner got hurt...
Sports Outdoor Baseball Football Olympics Boating
RT The United States is home to 2.8 million homeless childoctorn.
: Girls are like condoms, they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
malepains Bahaha
Invest your time in USEFUL, RESOURCEFUL THINGS that will add to your life....not hender or delay in your progress!
Xoxo
Devastating.: Fire rises from building opposite Thala Towersmoke rises, shell hits the building from time to time
: NowPlayin Light Pollution by the awesome 3 yes!!!!!
Goin to my 50th Brewers game of the season tonight, How can I celebrate?
Its my birthday!!!!
Chandler AZ has had 7 attempted abductions in 6 months
Hahaha ur mom was probably like run bitch run or hes gona shoot u
he looks like a pedophile to me
Bummed my Seminoles lost the ACC championship.
The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the
LETS GET A WORLD RECORD RETWEET THIS
Dude, just buy the box set.
You must see it all now.
Best ever.
7 years ago I swore I'd never move again.
Today I starting packing up.....to move.....again.
Never say never.
Omg she seriously died?
im so sorry :
that's good u finally stop partying n did some work lol
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
Salvador Dali
I air doctorm as part of my morning ritual.
awesome  I will have to leave at about 2ish though because I have a meeting at 230
IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I would do my best to help you sell or even buy a home :
The NBA is ridiculous Garnett traveled so bad and no call, Ronnie milsaps could have seen that, it's all set up big market teams smh
The task I HATE the most: Cleaning the refrigerator!
And boy, am I paying big for procrastinating!
Tanning and than orange leaf?
I'm down.
Sometimes you gotta challenge yourself.
Everything now has an app available on Apple iSomething or Andoctorid but the poor Blackberry gets no love.
My how the mighty have fallen
Challenge accepted!
that's excellent!
Um....
I fell asleep at 9PM and now I'm lying awake.
Dammit
go for it!
we are gonna get married on the beach at sunset, okay?
Okay c: 
My fantasy lunch meeting: Terry Gilliam  Guillermo del Toro.
Who can set this up for me?
If you order a pizza for delivery, tell us you saw it on Facebook or Twitter  get 5 off a 2nd pizza!
Call 5219800!
I got it I got it.
I learned Sherlock dance.
I'm ready now.
I love you 1,2,3 shooby doo i love you 4 that's more than I can afford
My favorite people to follow are the guys of  , , and !
hey brother, I couldn't find the fuck shit up shirt on merchnow.
Anywhere else I can find it
When moving about the train, shoes must be worn at all times.
It kills me the things we have to say out loud these days.
so youur gunna give me that bouncy ball right?!
; Aha
Thanks !
Pleasure meeting you.
Just tried dumplings and egg rolls at Yum's Asian Bistro, new restaurant in CharlesVillage, 2501 N.
Charles St.
Delicious!
Will go back .
Thanks for the retweet of Black theater  NPL.
Blessings, cb
so much fun!
Remembering the hysterical crying girl?
Bucket list item 3566: listen to crazy doctornk man singing who let the dogs out while riding bike through sculpture park.....
Whats up TwitterVille, I know we've been kinda quiet.
Been busy.
I hope all is well.
Show tonight at East Meets West Vu from LA.
830!
Tonight Wright Way Master Classes NYC will be working with the Book Of Mormon Associate Casting Director  Kate Boka!!!
Super Excited!
That kid in your health class that obnoxiously eats MMs
Gracias mil Max !!
Please join us: Master Plan Mtg Forest Hill and North Broadway Cherry Blossom Welcome Center Branch Brook Park, Newark, NJ May 15th
and you ignore tragedy and more quality wins.
I don't understand.
Make a mat on the floor :
Moving can definitely be a pain.
Good luck with the beer!
thanks for the great update:
Looks like Bynum decided to wear his big boy pants to work tonight.
for once.
that's nice.
It's friday BITCHES!!!!!!
starving daughters, no more parachutes, ghost montrose at ash street sunday 4/17/11
myweakness is your breath cuz its killing me
I wonder if Ryan Seacrest has stopped orgasaming yet....
really sucks to see my friends getting into heroin.
KRISTEN IS STRIPING
no doubt.
see you there homie.
cant wait
Funny coincidence, just looking thru this month's Cooking Light  they have recipe for mango margarita.
adds to grocery list
Thank you to all and to all a good night!
I dont like u at all
ROTFL lol I know that my b ,
Laying on the Jolly Island bridge, star gazing.
Best coworker people ever!
omg seriously!!!
Last night was amazing: but it was nice:
be safe!!
Haha.
Yeah yes.
Girl you know ;
yes, mister spiderman watching
Big ND recruit pickups with 4 star Olineman Hunter Bivin and QB competition with 4 star Malik Zaire!!!
keep it up boys!!!!!
After all is said and done, looks like all the incumbents will be returning to city hall.
I'm sure reformers wished otherwise.
Working at this place is giving me party experience; I can't wait to plan bday parties for my kids.
that movie is awesome
Watching super bowl halftime show.
It's definitely much better than last years' show.
A: doctorg along kicking but also show that we save  which can buy other resources
I had huge cleanout before moving continent.
Gave away to friends, former students, charity,  even scraps for patchwork.
Considering the s, I'm fairly certain, but not positive...
Haha!
Well we look forward to seeing them, and you, soon.
Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Hope that North Korea leader went to hell.
What he did to the North Koreans was wrong.
Happy birthday to Jules Verne!
I get to see my boy Benny on thursday!...oh and and
jus ate a fatt ass bowl of frosted flakes DAYUMM!!
sup, it's just after 11pm, twenty past...
Yes sometime.
wouldn't that be so nice: Sometimes the girl that's been there for everyone else needs someone there for her.
I swear people in Arizona will hop on any new artist regardless if they make good music or not Smh.
One cannot keep peace longer than his neighbour will let him.
German Proverb
.
Dude, your issue with mustaches obviously has nothing to do with golf.
That's your problem.
If you think that you have me all figured out Well you're wrong ...I'm addicted to when you're gone.
personally, great.
Enjoying being on Council.
Even more appreciative of your service now Frank.
It's a sausage fest at Lucky Strike.
You've been warned
Agreed.
Get inspired.
3day About to start 3rd day for Susan G Komen in memory of my sister Hayley.
Donate for a cure today!
LJ is down.
Lame.
The notifications tab  I just slide it down, read the text, and then I choose to ignore it 99 of the time w/o even switching apps!
LOL
looks cool :
In traffic wit 
haha, alright..
sounds good.
Now just get your butt back to lex!!
im a musician looking for music lovers
Ben Buss tonight performing live at Belmont.
Come visit and enjoy great cocktails and entertainment
observation: appears that very few GOP reps from greater MN will vote 'nay' on the Vikings bill
Today SCP and GB Magazine are hosting a full day of shopping, pampering, fashion show,  lunch at Saks Fifth Avenue to benefit Fundacion Luz
Larry Harlow at Yoshis this wknd, Friday Jellys with many stars then Campbell Big BandBBQ on Sat with www.ljye.com.
Beans, lentils, and peas are a mix of very lean protein and starchy carbs
All she needed was a little exposure lol
My heart is so heavy.
where is my bro
Got my Mother's Day gifts early this morning.
doctorwings, homemade cards, love note and 3 pieces of candy.
THIS is what it's about.
Kristin Scott Thomas stars in The Woman in the Fifth, starting soon at CIFF.
Have always loved KST.
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
DanceMomsMiami!!!
Get it trending for !
!!!!!!!
Follow me mistervictor?
Dissonance precedes resolve.
Tonight DJ Kiprawk!!!
Gonna be a crazy night!!
it was the hunger games!
Saving avengers for Christmas.
way to plan ahead w/the sanitizer!
Sadly, wasn't at the game but was at ESPN Zone across the street!
2nd best place to be!
Im good
I'm sick this day is gonna suck!
Not dead, just busy.
Happy May Day to all.
Crazy morning of pt's topped off by a guy that was normal last Mon  today had 2 corneal FB's and a random heme over the nerve in that eye!
We are freaking out Ted
Im still looking for that autographed water bottle!
Neoliberalism  shrinking support for ed has also meant that we are comfortable exploiting adjuncts.
Awful wages, no benefits
Coppell was the number one team to watch for in the Dallas morning news..
Just got the first 5000 Zombie Crawl and Organ Trail flyers back from the printer.
If you want to help pass them out, hit me up!

When people don't know how special the word 'always' is .
show it.
Life is a game, if you are not careful you will lose it.
Man, it's Friday and I'm at work...
is everyone else sick???
it kinda seems like it
give me 5 years and maybe lol but right now all these 15,000 are just too much!
I'll get there
They just opened a Mellow Mushroom in Portland, and I've been eager to try their pies.
Say dat Brah RT It's ok haters keep hating and we'll keep winning
Thank you
same I'm just hanging out with my cousin
Are you an experienced game developer that wants to work on A Titles?
Let VonChurch help you find that next job
oh  the light shows, breathtakingly beautiful ;
I refuse to star in your psychodoctorma.
nice hardware!!!
I got 3 on my first algebra test since 8th grade!!
Yay!!
We made that test our bitch
Going to my brothers deb on Saturday night!
What am I gonna wear ?!
Jordy is in hallowed vicinities...Flynn is as good as gone
Haha, well good luck.
i'm going to try like everyday.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Cheers, Conor
My thong's showin but its cool, my shoes go wit it.
Oh Remy Ma we love you.
Open mics are all the same:And now I will shock you by saying a word you never heard in the Navy.
Don
sure lol I haven't been on in forever though haha
FBCD money money money
should do a song with !
Is it your birthday?
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!100
Heading to the gym, so I can be healthy and such XD
Thirsty?
Tired?
Hungry for networking?
Join your ogi social network at Clyde's in Gallery Place for happy hour when Town Hall concludes.
they come in packs a million to one, an the odds wer stacked like a tite and loaded gun, they wil tear us to peices a shattered rememberance
Bed here I come
i know bro my hands tied.
All i can do is keep makin these bangers while Im stuck here
Friday and Saturday are break days, but new video today!
Shaving my legs..
GrandpaFred from the looks of that they turn into butterflies.
in the process of unsubscribing from many email lists, it's interesting to notice many different ux  ui experiences to do it
thanks but I dint think so
You wanna know who is up there with demi on my Powerful vocal list?
Ariana Grande.
Seriously..her voice is beautiful  strong.
I would officially would like to change my middle name to WaitForIt.
Roswell WaitForIt Encina
Gearing up for our show tonight at Imua Lounge in Honolulu, HI!
If u haven't heard us live yet, you don't know what you're missing!
I never thought I'd feel the sting of closing.
As an employe, and a customer, I'm deeply sad.
I think you don't have enough black in that pic :p
What a cool/yummy idea!
RT Join  for an historian's tour through L.A.
NOIRE at free Archives Bazaar.
it was great!
This one was also hosted by Jeff Mallach.
An overview of the sport and lots of insight!
nation OCCUPY We need you to tweet wiunion this weekend.
Keep Earth informed.
Egypt Thank you all for working for a better democracy.
NYT today: Growing achievement gap due to wealthy parents investing more money than ever before in their kids' outofschool activities.
Omg yes it's all almost over
Just chocked down the worse dinner in my life it was burnt and nasty but i gotta be nice.....ewww its sucked.
Dont look for the boy who can be the best boyfriend, look for the boy who can be your best friend.
I'd go nuts for it too!
tEAM fOLLOW bACK i HAVE aLREADY FOLLOWED YOU
Blake tried to flop and lost the ball.
Probably gets that call if he can
And I just got a call from two of my nieces and nephews singing Keha.
Nothing better
Listening to the score of The Avengers because clearly I am a big old Nerd, and it's really good.
Maybe that means you are a good luck charm :
Happy Birthday
I LOVE YOU SO
I know how to save money...how else did I get some of my shit I needed?
I just prioritize things that's all
just pretending to work.
How did the test go the other day?
Consumer interaction is fueled by technology

Text back quick and i'll love you simple
Gotta love that bad karma!
Damn that's crazy i never would of thought I would b workin on 34th doin something positive
Can't trust for the record
sorry but Dante took them to use at school.
when I was in Milwaukee I saw the same thing happening, but it was 30 degrees so I said YIKES poor bride must be cold!!
thanks to for such an enjoyable interview!
:
Shout to Butch Vig
Did anyone miss me while I was...resting?;
And now that I've shot my twitterwad for 2012, I'm going to go write.
I guess Thibodeau's out for coach of the year...
Vogel!
I'm super sensitive to caffeine so crazyideas are all over the place!
4Shore from the 'groups' catagory is the new Boys II Men
welcomehome hibernation ale by Great Divide
I'm heading down this road right now.
Think we'd wear a similar size?
I'm 6'2/medium/40/16.5.
To all of you in my life that encourage me daily with your support and love...
Thank you!!!
Congrats man!
Thanks for the pointer!
it's good news...he's an ok qb in a pro system...as long as we rely on the run and smashmouth football we'll be fine
Want the skinny on childoctorn's museums?
Like us on Facebook.
Type in Association of Childoctorn's Museums.
Esmé's not on birth control.
I feel presurred by the dude i love :
no u don't flop in crunch time
Anything by Isabel Hickey
tell Matt to make a tweeter so i can say hateful things to him for the world to see.
please and thank you.
What was the other movie?
Where do you stand on the use of alcohol or other substances to aid your writing?
Man why cant i sleep longer!!!!!!!!
we know a retractable roof is out of the?
How about a whole lotta skylights.
ESPN now televises competitive lunging?
Okay....
Come to ETC9 PGA Fall Expo and see how Jack Nicklaus gained 5 mph using the Powerchute Golf Swing Trainer.
we should chill after break!
:
Will you ever follow me?
3 x8
Black Veil Brides Lyrics have special meaning to me, theyve helped me get through some very tough times in my life.
Will be remarkable if we can pull this thing off without any money...
the suspense in that alone makes it all so invigorating.
Things seen on the T: a cute hipster hair rosette made from a zipper.
A gaggle of college women decked out in steampunk garb.
thanks Amanda!
Looking forward to unveiling the goods for you in the coming weeks!
Watching malibu's most wanted with my love 3 ':!!!!
The leaves are  Blowin' in The Breeze...!
To the young man on the street who told me to strut: I appreciate your support, but I don't take advice on my walking style from strangers
You can find policy that is positive for Israel, without being antimuslim, but not with or
Was Diane Keaton doctornk?
That interview with was really unusual.
or the diet coke I ordered at red robin
Such a neat event  for a great cause!
Good luck, raise a lot of  for the Timberwolves Fastbreak Foundation!
This basketball wives are lame!!
Fuck you tami !!
You aint nobody !!
Im over this stupid hoes
what is this iPad you speak of?
Never heard of it.
Thanks for the follow.
Like your vlog.
How r u today
: RT : We love that u love vegetariansand dogs!
Saw a pooch on the patio looking happier than her human parents
pizzanight.
Order a pie tonight!
We deliver
Tonight at 10PM...tune in to 89X The Only New Rock Alternative and listen for Bear Lake!
integrating sifteo cubes in the classroom to talk about digital poetry!
well done and so creative!
i feel inspired!
Dont fear of getting your heartbroken , be prepared , 3
I miss you more ate!!!
::cough cough:: like the GIANTS?
Lazy day in bed :
Hi.
My names charlotte and I'm apart of San Diego's Finest.
hm watch out now!!!
Hope ur night is going well sweety:
I didn't buy a lottery ticket.
I am such a rebel.
k thanks
So someone on OKCupid is asking me if I'm an alpha girl.
I'm not totally sure what that means, though.
Thoughts?
Great to connect with a fellow Colorado Springs local!
:
I don't like how long you gotta be there.
I don't like the music.
I don't like sitting in those uncomfortable ass pews.
Holy Wind Gusts, Batman!
Whats good man,Do you have a contact for production?
Beckett u need to just TellHimYouLoveHim ....now!
Psychology or nursing as majors...
Which one to pick idk:/
true and there are worse
At el Torito with the family :
how long is it to get into the city from Newark?
Seems like it'd be forever
What happened to Tori Gurley's account?
thx for the follow...I'm assuming from...the enlightened place??
I'll take it.
It's a sad day, we are implementing pussy ball tactics out of desperation.
Where's my vagisil?
I make that trip about at least 3 times a week during basketball season.
It's not that bad.
:
Follow Friday Plase
I love you your music ur style your voice your tweets I love ur mix tape I just 3 u follow ?
:
ExpertVisibilityTip: Do you have a media wish list?
What does your target market watch, read, and listen to?
Why is it that every 5th starter blanks the Padoctors hitters?
1 hit off Worley?
WTF?
Congrats, lady!
Hey, what did you study for undergrad?
IT MEANS NOTHING.
: The most lifedestroying word of all is the word tomorrow.
Robert Kiyosaki
Oh my gawd!
My feet are killing me.
D:
Nice I like very much
wow tomorrow is christmas eve
it is not my fault, you like what you like
How sweet.
DM me your email if you don't mind.
Thank you.
I never knew I could love a torque wrench so much.
Measure in love, and Newton meters.
Cards at their best when on the wing and Siva on the pine.
Past ups are causing his current downs!
Hard 2 watch some
i would love to play bbal with you..but i dont know if you can handel defeat;
Thx for tweeting me:
I did, but having a hard time picking a favorite.
RT : allergies are kicking my ass
Mine does, too...
About 5:00am.
FF Thanks for the mention!
REPEAT EMERGENCY MSG TO PROPERTY OWNERS: Thermostat 5560 is ok.
For every sink OPEN cabinet doors for heat to pipes  doctorP hot/cold water.
of course...the dirtier the better.
Hair in the City is open for business at Magnolia Day Spa.
Call for a New Year's Eve makeover to ring in the new year.
www.hairinthecity.me
Don't let the door hit ya.
Rowan.
Wish I could follow my wallet...
Q1 Mobiles prevail, but I still have kids using our library phone to call home.
C'mon.
Armwood Editorial And Opinion Blog: msnbc tv: Romney too afraid ...
Cargo door blew open at 30k feet on our plane so back at terminal F.
I hate terminal F.
Yeah sure, and we'll diss ourselves with you.
Seriously We can discuss the details 
okay, well, anyways, in the past week, I almost met Alli,  saw Cody in concert.
OMG, HE'S SO GOOD LIVE 
you mean like broadcasted on albany student television?
dang up pretty early for some reason
Having fun in Charleston being the life of the party with and mersadeas
8 hours on set of mc and absolutely none to eat or doctornk, this is insaine people!!!
my feet are aching from work...
:/
U just came from practice?
it is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion.
There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you.
1.
You really care about them 2.
They don't care about you
yeah all good.
Bloody perfect weather here right now.
2 hospital At 3:30pm room at ICU was available but wife was told there is no nurse to take care of the patient.
Con't
It's flipflop season.
Spare your professorssional image and resist the urge to wear them at work.
And walk carefully.
James Harden sealed the deal for OKC, and sent the champs packing.
He had himself a game tonight!
yaaaay!
My Mom didn't see it.
She was pretty bummed.
Told her it will air again.
RIP Dick Clark.
If anyone wants to give me their sweatshirt I wouldn't be mad.
freezingcold helpme 
No way they even have the same ace cheer.
Ah ace, woosh.
Stop this
For my 100th tweet I will reveal who I really am wearing nothing but a tube sock.
Shit I miscounted, guess you'll have to wait till 200.
Exams are gonna be the death of me...
Have you been there?
It's pretty cozy inside.
More from osu lacrosse announcer, its my first time in a skinny tie..
I still wish that the cast of WOWP would surprise us with a new movie this summer.
its OK Bingy, I forgive you...
Super excited to start shopping for Secret Santa 2.0.
Thanks for coordinating!
1980s  tequila rises in US, following rise of Mexican food.
75 of all tequila produced is exported!
cute clothes!:
All i want for my birthday is that win!
And maybe some birthday love from my fav player ??
I think it's implied
Pls don't ask if I want to read the article's mobile version when you know I am using a mobile device.
Just provide the mobile version.
been getting a lot of messages from new and upcoming bands : idk how its happening, but I love this.
keep em' coming.
Follow along a month long journey to 's launch!
Go ahead if you want to
Lakers Hill charged in alleged choking incident
Hah!
Now you've got me going down the rabbit hole of 's blog :
hahaah and oh my...
Why?!
just got silversky, great work fellas!
Love the album!
i dont know what the hell you are talking about
Happy Saint Patricks Day!
I'm celebrating w Irish trad music, corn beef  cabbage and a trip to the Broken Spoke in Austin, TX
Mac City
I don't feel like myself when I'm not with 3
First two questions when invited to a bonfire: What type of beer should I bring?
And, can I bring my own Axe?
I need a waterproof notetaker since it seems I only have brilliant ideas while in the shower, and upon finishing I promptly forget.
I have strep throat.
Honest.
RT Bro....Delmon Young and Alex Avila?
Are you even trying out there?
Liked your video!
great promo.
so close
RT : Want tix to THE WEEKND tonite ?
Tell us how much you love The Weeknd and include
Hi Lisa, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
I NEED YA BOO!
plz follow me back!!!3 love you
Dave, please watch the last 2 mins of the link I just sent you!
Paradise products soy massage candles are officially on sale at Rethreads.
What?
Yes!
hey guys cc:
Hello New York City!
words to live by Jeanne...thank you, wellwritten
Don't let America's states bother you.
They're technically provinces.
The US itself is a Nation State.
Honestly while this hurts at least OKC gave us a clean kill....Katniss Everdeen would do the same.
Oh wait.
One of my first comments has 138 karma.
Nevermind XD
Had a great meeting with today about some very exciting potential projects for this year.
:
on healthcareIt's not about access anymore but abt how to pay providers for outcomes.
Extendable to highered?
congrats!
My friend is interning for them too.
Where is yours?
If u fucks wit me follow its my new twitter..I don't fuck wit dis 1 dat much..
Keep your wood color consistent throughout  offcolor items or areas can be O.K.
as features.
It's quite telling how wives  angry women are torpedoing the GOP contenders...I'm sure Michelle Obama is loving this!
exact thought.
Wife is a smoke tho RT : Mayweather is fighting Pitbull tonight?!?
OMG you're in CHICAGO!
doctoram come true!
;D
RT : Seriously considering a neatdesk scanner to get rid of paper receipts and get organized.
Love it or leave it?
Hillshire Farm is putting out some weird commercials...what's up with their ad strategy?
So I get home from Guatemala tonight.
Who's coming over to help I move on Sunday?
I feel so sorry for the Swiss!
Bet the banks will open her with open  deep pockets.
Such a hypocrite!
Did that bitch just say that?
.O
1 Avery St Unit 33A  carpets for bedoctoroms
PHX won in OT, but Hossa got hurt on a very dirty play by Torres.
awesome, thanks very much!
30 for a dozen Hubig's Pies Apple, Lemon, Peach, Pineapple, Coconut, Chocolate  Banana!
ORDER TODAY  WWW.HUBIGS.COM
I need a sandwich...
for some great South African recipes be sure to follow  After Party Chefs 
ADD LAFAYETTE DOTSON AS A FRIEND IF YOU WANNA LISTEN TO HIS HOT MUSIC,,HE WILL ALSO PROMOTE YOUR MUSIC FOR FREE..SUPPORT
you can edit your team up until the first game on Thursday.
After that your teams are locked.
So if a players team is eliminated
I just want to be on a plane.
Headed anywhere.
2wordsasianpeoplefear You Failed.
I miss my mom at least she'll be back tomorrow
Maui Mall is turning 40 this year!
Look for lots of prize giveaways and great entertainment in December!
You should have got a email:P

it is absurd that Google Groups doesn't have a real calendar option.
They really can't figure out how to embed a calendar into groups?
Man I had to take a long ass mf nap I was bout tired as hell in this bitch
Got what?
RT : Got it.
U of L played a hell of a game for real tho.
I was shocked to see them on that side of the bracket anyways!
Last night I found out the correct word for a bull fighter is a matador...pointless facts
LAST CHANCE: Pete MCutchen's photography show Tracks closes at the end of March!
Come by to enjoy his vibrant, colorful prints!
I appreciate it.
Had to get some new hooping shoes..size 16 are hard to find makes it easier for cats like me..who's ready to get dunked on!
no prob!
big congrats, you guys are doing a great job!
ford fiesta  that's my ride.
you're right to wish for it!
;
m.
You'll be a sexy stud in no time :
I don't like it when girls have long nails..
:
Lol you know me!
haha!
We have a bunch!
Fuck boys and how stupidly impossible they are to shop for....
The deadline for entry's in June 13th.
just when I thought I had seen it all at UC.
Go trip him lol
Where my nigga kev at.........got something lined up
Morning greetings doesnt only mean saying Good Morning, it has a silent message saying: I remember you when I wake up!
I just took a BS test.
SpecialShout  all military wives/moms of the brave soldiers who protect our freedoms.
Is it December 13th yet?
I need to graduate and get out of college asap.
I could be in for this.
Love me some Mamadou!
What time?
Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.
Can someone explain to me how TV show recapping has any value whatsoever?
Mancini comes across as one with the least IQ of all the managers.
sextip, put her legs on your shoulders while she's on her back and POUND IT.
She'll love that
what type of ideas stand out?
RT : we demand sports AND professorssional BOTH don't split the streams.Yipes a directive from Tocqueville.Must be a Packer fan.
what great friends i have, tell me they will call me later so we can hang but 3 hours later and here i am sitting at home on twitter tumblr
and the one thing that pisses me off more than ANYTHING is someone even threatening a woman with violence.
Got loud after Truth 3 : Celtics fans here are feeling it.
Feels like a high school games between local rivals in the stands.
Is the LoganZone back on the air with a regular timeslot?
walk in to a room, change the song, leave the room
This wins the best juxtaposition of the week award.
Brilliant.
: I feel like I just watched Bradshaw chose between the red pill and the blue pill and super slomo.
tried to visit you link but not working properly
I feel God this song always puts me on a great mood!
ima prob just head over today after school
Is the game on yet?.
shout out to Nichole for rockin with the BrassAHolics  the Blue Nile...welcome to the BAH Nation!!!
One nation under Joseph Smith.
Mitt 2012
thanks man!
sschat edchat Ready to develop some awesome ideas I've gathered this week for my classes but sad to see Spring Break come to an end.
My doormat is wittier.
Happy Birthday Coach Alex :
Every soul comes with a CarFax.
Houston Texans RB Arian Foster, on how he knows about his past lives.
There is nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
RT : Diamonds are formed under pressure.
Rather than resist  remember you are priceless  and show your sparkle!
Also: son quietly acknowledged me at Career Day, so that's something.
What goes around comes back around .

Geminis are so easily irritated.
Um who is /J1981A2432
Miss America 2012 Beyonce who run the world is a famous song I remember years ago they didn't Even play hip hop
Fell asleep in Art History again!
Enjoying a beautiful afternoon at Barefoot.
Beach.
Some of our staff are heading to today to help repackage and distribute food.
Looking forward to lending a hand!
using PubMed after almost one year.
feels strange; it has changed quite a bit too.
does anyone have a quick tutorial?
Hey!
Thanks to your columns, I invested in some home gym gear.
Going to send my mom her stuff n my sis her stuff to one is shipped to texas n the other is to california.
I hopes it gets their by tues :
Distance is not measured in miles but in affection.
Two people can be right next to each other yet miles apart
Whyy Get In A Relationship If Your Just Gonna Cheat!!?
how long are you in NYC?
I'm in tonight  Mon...would love to see you!!
The Milwaukee Bucks even have fans show up.
That team is gawdawful.
My God, the Heat need new fans.
The Follow The Leaders tape is dope
was he doctornkn or no
A smokey eye and pink lip never fails!
How is Kat doing on the cruise by the way?!
Hello Monday please give me the strength to not cop an assault charge today.
You do realize there Hou that I just called you a 'lady', no?!?
Like I said...
But good news, right?
Today was perfect3
Was this the last version left for your set to be complete?
Looking in the mirror only allows one to correct external flaws, the key to correcting what's inside is looking to the creator.
Chás This...
If I were owned a porn company.
My slogan would read No one ever pays me in Cum.....
thank yoou, very much.
I felt so bad, because tess was in the car  we got hit at the same time on both sides..
If ur still chasing after a nigga money u still don't have a clue honey!!!
They need to change the name, add brand new logo, develop more edgy, modern campaigns, and partner with a big retailer to debut newness.
Just a lot of cheesy zombie, alien, sasquatch type displays.
It was a tiny little museum/gift shop.
AH!
I can not explain so AMAZING you are!!
I love you!!
Your the best!
Please notice that I've met you at California's AVP
Aside from recording and rehearsing at ModlHome, I can also come to you to provide a sound system for your next live event, concert, etc.
What's a referral group?
You own your category so there is no competition.
We are a tightknit group w/ strong networks.
Let's talk!
They wouldn't  it was just such a great venue.
Ppl are now too attracted to shiny and new.
Video screens over history.
LIFE AQUATIC and DARJEELING LIMITED have grown on me over time.
When I first saw them I just wasn't bothered.
I now think they're damn good.
Julia made me try Kombucha for the first time today.
I'm hooked.
So did we!
MT : Had an amazing evening big bold benefit hearing and give amazing pitches!
going to bed son.
If I had a magic wand...
Just livin' the doctoram!
Have a great day everyone.
3
Looks like Manning to Mile High RT : Sources: The have been informed that Peyton Manning will not sign with them
did anyone else used to watch the surgery channel for fun?
Everyone's Telling Me That Selena Gomez  Justin Bieber Broke Up :O Did They?
that movie kicks ass!
I want to make my designs a reality.
These people go from one extreme to the next  gives me a headache.
The earth is the LORD's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and those who dwell therein.Psalm 24:1
Hells yes!!
I support bi sexual women..
There is nothing wrong wit it.
Waves at all bi sexual women
Not going to NYG
Are you really going 40 in a 55?
a more accurate statement would have been: of course i was sm'ing, what are the odds of me enjoying someone else's misfortune.
where are you?
you need to get in front of the camera!
Meeting TONIGHT!
New members are always welcome!!
Meet with us at 6:30 in BH 233!!
Can't wait to see you there!
love you all 3
We can't wait 4U to meet from Rupaul's doctorg Race at our event SD!
www.exhibitambush.com
Feeling so inspired tonight!
Thank you to MissyElliott, , and
They say the inability to except a loss is a moment of insanity...
Wind, can you please blow me away to someplace less windy?
Let me make sure I understand birdingthenet scoring: It doesn't matter what place you are for 33, it only matters who gets 34 first, yes?
Thank You Wendy!
See u Monday!
RT : Miss ur face.
CanItBeMondayAlready?!
What's up, buddy?
Long way since the days of DL Window Tinting at Hamilton!
Hope all is well with you, too.
Time for bed!
We shall continue these shinanigans at a later time...unless I can't fall asleep.
lol
BRB,BUYING ALL THE COPIES.
Great to hear!
RT : Got me the best 5 haircut I've had in years at today.
Closer closer I need to closer to you
says Attitude, ability, action the formula for building your personal brand.
Thanks to my friends' Facebook posts, the only part of the Oscars I feel I truly missed was Melissa Leo's Fbomb.
You go, girl.
Making a list of women pioneers in technology and media.
Already have Lovelace, Hopper, Oprah.
Throw me some names...

i decided you look well on me.
Memento Mori closes this Sunday, May 6th.
Come on by for a visit before then.
RT : PABudget: SSHE: The state's 14 universities will receive a total of 232 Million  a 53 reduction in state funding.
I got on fb, i went outside, i played games, ect.
I love you katy perry
ur welcome ketchup
is hosting our FilmFestival after party this evening!
doctorp by at 10PM!
ooh ok..yea that's how mine are just sometimes when it doctores it gets puffy not curled
Prob what gave him the stroke.
MT : At least Maurice Sendak lived long enuf to see his book turned into a horrendous movie.
An undeniable, and unfortunate, fact: an attractive university website does not mean an attractive university library website.
we end next week actually!
I ll just be hanging out in baton rouge for a little!
I just got to quote the Bible.
My work here is done.
I am open hearted but too trouble minded
Made some raw almond milk.
Very easy to make, cheap and much much tastier than the packaged one.
Left over pulp I used for cheese spread.
People at pcpgh6 kept telling me to contact you a/b our first ever National LearnIt this Wed.
Want more info?
It's friday the 13th!
xD
yea it does.
: I think I'm gonna have to go to sleep soon
If you have 180k followers and you make a joke that gets less than 5 RT's, you should probably give up for the night.
i will make one soon lol
Well?
Well?
What was it?
good looking.
don't be
: Happy thanksgiving I hope all is well out there.
Happy thanksgiving to you and yours.
no how could glee end like that?
:
doing well!
How bout u!?
Long time no see!
thinks it's sad when some family members are nothing more than strangers with the same blood line.
you are my hero...
way to venture out of the comfort zone.
Kumquat Marmalade win?!
see you tomorrow ;
yep hahahah.
Best lunch table ever.
Pot shouldn't be illegal, but air dusted should:P
Well, well, well...you can never tell.
Thank's 4 the invite but I'm moving to NY on Thursday...have a great time tho  Happy Early Bday!!!!
:
For some reason I just want to curl up in a blanket And watch a ton of my favorite movies
OMG!!
I bought a card to send.
Envelope says extra postage required.
Just TRY to find out how much on the USPS web site.
Do you feel sick yet?
No thank God.
You could still be in the incubation period.
yeah thats true it's restarted that we had to do that
I go home monday!
and I straightened my hair and uhm...idk what else
As a strong counterpoint to that last thought are the three people who've stopped to see if I have help on the way!
hey Sydney!
Well Thankyou very much!
Its shipping out for you today!
Youre gonna love it!
Happy Anniversary TEXAS !!!
RT : introduced XR Trading to excited that thru XR Cares they'll volunteer time to conduct mock interviews!
FINALLY had the meeting that could change my life TODAY...
no way!
Great organization to work for.
TUinDC doing big things!
Of course!
You were great.
Nice to see a fellow SMPP er on my TV screen.
I don't want this soup, but i feel like I must eat it.
aha
I'm sorry to anyone I've hurt anyone I've annoyed or anyone who hates me I really am x
And if you ever need minor league info, is the only place!
Does that sound like something that should be used as the starting point for someone's CS education?
Good luck on your ride this weekend from OC to Bmore.
My friend is doing it too.
Well, yes.
That would make me scream, most certainly.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx BRYAN PITTS
doing homes.
In the crawl space we had to build floating devices to work on, to much rain water made it impossible to crawl
dear journal, your RSS feed containing one item is not useful to me.

Thanks for following!
Cooking and reading  two of my favorite pastimes!
Late nights.
Early mornings.
Midcentury is hott right now!
Hopefully next time we will be able to help out.
Thanks for the mention!
why don't you go to sleep?
Our solution delivers a flawless tan, with perfect mahogany color, for ALL skin types.
Never looking fake!
daily doctorssage tip: do your trot work to desmond dekker's 'it mek', 'music like dirt' and 'the israelites'.
gets the back swinging nicely
yep a couple near Indianapolis another in Kansas City.
We were only able to move one to WI.
SpeadingOut across Midwest
he thinks ur full of crap!
He says his breath smells fabulous.
2nite my identity will finally b revealed!
Its been a great time tweeting with you all!
Reveal your tweet side so everyone knows who you are
In states that noncompete clauses don't hold up, I have been seeing around a 10 percentage point discount for the valuation of Goodwill.
It's BikeToWorkWeek.
Are you braving the traffic on your bike?
Maybe the point is: does anyone have use for ineffective teachers:
If you confuse 'then' and 'than', you're basic as shit.
some new music would be about the only thing that could make this day better!
: Pretty sure all of NASCAR is cheering for Bubba right now.
:
Pittsburgh is a ton of fun!
Merry Christmas.
Yay Rhonda!
Thank you for coming to NYC.
Killing it at Santo's.
Many thanks It's tech week, and opening this weekend and I can't wait to use this for the performance.
Stranding the PITCHER after he leads off with a double is just brutal.
More likely than not to cost them later.
The guy next to me at the bar has a Strong Bad shirt on.
His girlfriend is one lucky girl!
Had to leave the room while the BF was watching.
Some guys tweet some corny lovey dovey shit just to get girls' attention.
Dude it's twitter, you're still not gonna get it in.
most lovely word I read all year, poetesses.
Enjoying the book!
So ready to be back in ny nineonefour hurrr I come
Bad ass!
So ready to doctorp
Why is brightmoor in Detroit blowing up my feed?
Seriously, that hood barely has running water, let alone the twitters!
Ppl keep scarin me sayin my bday is gonna be a night to remember
I held a turtle today.
:
I know its hard not to amazing voice, music, giving man, and of course sexy lol
Never knew about Romy  Michelle: In the Beginning from 2004, with Katherine Heigl...
follow me boo
fridayreads Reading 2666 this weekend.
Doubt I'll be finished by Sunday night.
what up gurl
lol sorry c u wen u get home
still calling!
We got out of our NFLX trade at just the right time.
NFLX falls hard today.
Put options the only way to make 
If they paid 135., they are getting into BEA but not as PRESS.
If they applied as PRESS it is separate issue.
Just saw a guy riding in a boat wearing a captainin hat/jacket with no shirt.
its all about Great Records
That's not because he wasn't capable : Not going to lie, a little surprised about the thriving FA market for Eddie Royal...
of course all the good things happen at school when im not there
An institution's history evolves but must be disseminated, digitally anymore, so truer forms...
RT : Reduce your carbon foot print by remembering to use your thermal mugs for coffee  waterbottles for
of course we are!
:D
enjoyin your posts today!!
espec the 123 post, rooting for that GreenJacket look on ya when u see your wife, babyboy Praise
cool, keep me posted...
Jump on that 2k later
Really good question.
I would seriously consider withdoctorwing from consideration if I was asked for my Facebook password.
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
Oil will always be so incredibly sensual.
should it matter nicholette is just one of the boyz sister john IS one of the boyz
well she was trying to open my door!
Win or lose, delivered one of best lines in reality TV ever: Go back to Party City where you belong.
3 times tonight!
Can't wait!
You'll always be my american idol
tie my handle bars to the stars so I stay on track.
haven't Been here for long, and headed back to Philly in a few hours.
Any tips for where I should go?
Ahh random cramp!!
UK One Direction  US One Direction.
Love is like a baseball game 3 strikes and you're...
OUT!
Great article!
We're thrilled to be the first faculty at Khan Academy with Sal!
90 minutes until it gets real raw at Trivia style.
So true!
...
in the mood for love,..
but steerin clear of situations where jealous tempers flare up,..
especially because we're attached.
Since I've been watching a shitton of Hoarders lately...I've been tempted to walk around my neighborhood and do some investigating.
you got it!
Where can I buy Don Lee Farms Veggie Patties in Las Vegas, NV ...
Costco does not carry them in Las Vegas
??
cut into my fav show jeopardy to announce barely won his home state MI?
IdontCare!!
PrivateSoiree::View Blog
Hey : you're Oz equivalent ?
There is no such thing as ugliness.
Everyone can be beautiful in their own way.
:
Jealousy makes a fake bitch talk shit .
Thanks for the RT!
:
I be slappin that CashinOut out here in the Bay!!!
Track goes hard!!!
It's a beautiful day on the bay.
It smells like baseball!
Thanks for the shout buddy!
Dubstep in a Mcdonalds?
Way better than that crappy RB Pop they played on their old commercials haha
Taking online training for work.
Slide: A Smile Can Influence Attitude.
Did this guy really say no need to act like a knee slapping fool?
what's good kousin?
I've decided to write something useful this time.
At Brett Michael concert in Sandwich I'll tonight at 8:00PM
cnt believe i jus turned that down and i miss you so bad..but im proud of myself..
Visiting Calvary Christian  Bishop Chatard next week for yVote!
Looking forward to registering and preparing young ppl to vote.
At dinner with She just started rapping.
Check, please!
Nothin but a bully
I went with Jolie hahaha.
and she paid for me.
SO close!
I need to feel better!
I swear I've been sick forever.
Going to Sugar Hollow to cool off in a Blue Ridge stream
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS...
LMAO RETWEET FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
6
What is that?
It doesn't even look like food.
oh, I know.
I eat it with a spoon.
I hate that feeling when ur laying down with ur hair damped and ur hair just naturally has curls .
Problem w/Prop A isn't that its antiunion, its that it flies in the face of exactly what nonunion supporters of the measure stand for...
MSB  Wasim  Transforming the world.
The new world.
The key is the grill/press the bread!
It's the only defense against liquid cheese and BBQ sauce.
Where do you think it is/ where do you think it should be held at?
i dont care if that bitch gotta gun, we are talking about my boyz here!
Frank Martin was a great coach for KSU.
We'll miss him over here in the Big 12, but I'm sure he'll be great over there!
Still reeling from this.
Love to Davis  MacPhail families today.
RIPTroyDavis RT Troy Davis Executed in Georgia dlvr.it/mbB6W
Really!
Intense staring competition
some folks think that telling off people of other faiths is ministry...
Ipod took a dump this morning.
Luckily I fixed it....I think
Passing through Kentucky..
Ready to be home.
This is Mark Zuckerberg ..
/ .
.
How many thanks can he Get for such social network?
1LIKE  1THANKS :
Definitely not a
...
and since we're bitching about google chrome with Windows aero, btw ...
its hard to tell which application has focus 
Once in a while, RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF ORDINARY LIFE Love gives us a fairy tale.
Scags app now has Scags at 7 and soon it will have Scags at 18.
Living Books are the best thing yet.
Download the app for free and see.
loves being the girl that has the lunch that everyone is jealous of!
meatloaf sammy on wheat bagel, yogurt and fresh fruit salad
I don't care what you think of me.
James Blunt thinks I'm beautiful.
While your Missin it, I'm kissin it
What fast food item would you never eat again?
Okay, for doctorw something with your sister I doctorw a glove.
Lou's supposed to be wearing it but...
Have 2 model camps.coming up.
Need stylists.
i'm going 2 need your magical hair whipping hands on deck.
Expect a call soon!
meatballs and ranch doctorssing, topped with pizza rolls.
And cheese.
how does one parlay small victories into larger ones?
I think it would be a cute look!
I want to punch Bobby Valentine in the throat.
Happy New Year Everyone.
Thanks for your support this past year!
Very Much Appreciated!
Can Yu Clean The Mirror Before Yu Think About Takin A Bathroom Pic....
Thank you very much sir!
RT
MAWC2012 to all that are attending, have a wonderful time!
We hope to go next year!
same here haha.
Well ima go  try to get some sleep.
You do the same :
And we THANK YOU!
Mega heartzzz
might as well tlkn to u via social networks cuz I can't get a convo off one
Happy Birthday Chris.....Twitter Is Jericho.....
The September 20102011 cohort's completion ceremony is underway in NYC.
I caught a bit of it.
Sarcasm describes it well.
Talked about beer the whole period in government
A glimpse at my weekend plans:
thanks for stopping by!
Congrats on the mayorship :
place u need to come to ny now
Singing for hailey : Me : I love you like a love song baby...
Hailey: I WANNA FART !!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Search is about figuring out what people are looking for when they enter keywords into their favorite search engine
shifting analysis focus and submitting to a different journal.
YOU SHOULD COME
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Join us today at noon for the 2nd Annual Paige Haas Benefit with great food and live music!
For info www.thescreaminggoat.com
AND we'll get right back to 70 to 80 afterwards!
Ah....Spring Swing :
Anthony Davis' unibrow is the real winner here
Thank you everyone for the support.
Getting ready to do a new sound mix so there also might be a new trailer and a special announcement.
im really gonna miss u ann.
Like ill go into day 6 free and start crying.
You are great.
And the only one who laughs at my jokes
means ur Twitter is hacked change ur password
The Avengers was an awesome movie!
captainin America is one handsome fella.
getting that rehab in
thanks for the tweet, Steve!
I got it!!
Love you more!
only a soft guy like yourself would think of such dumbness!
I guess here's a thing: if I've given you program or library advice multiple times without a thank you, I'm going to stop responding.
: On our way to the Herberger Theatre to see 39 Steps!!!
So excited!
We're glad you came to the show!
Hey Lindsey!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
I'm a doctoramer
Use cash instead of credit cards.
Indiana got a lil nic squad
Hey Roomies, will be a rerun tonight.
But you get to program it.
Which Episode do you want to watch together!?
thx much, major surgery this afternoon
dime el nombre del hotel
I came home, thought of you and now here I am.
Eating carrots!!!
Coming to downtown LexVegas tonight?
Come see me at Cheapside for a nice cold adult beverage!
Uncompfortable and heel find openings devin will get frusterated and try too brawl and get caught by left hook and kod war madana!
When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight....
cantgoadaywithout beating a criminals ass!
Lol!
Aren't you going to tell me my email's popping up all over the screen?
Your emails are...
No, really?
I had no idea.
teachers lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
From Pennsylvania location: We just started getting snow flurries!
gallo wants no part of the ball.
we have Papi u idiot.
Last thing we need is an ancient, roided out idiot taking up a spot on the roster
Be careful, my Hollywood/Weho friends!
This arson business is not so cool.
Gee Minor matchup.
Ha..
Summertime grind..
Trips to Miami, Cali  NewYork hope my team is ready to make some neccessary moves, Working with beneficial connects!
I'm still here in Manila.
Let's watch tomorrow.
:
make a soufflé
I agree...it's pretty bad...
I'm so glad you guys are going to meet.
You will loove each other, no doubt.
Who are the judges for this year's case competition?
Excuse me while I geek out that just followed me.
Punk Planet was seriously an integral part of my intellectual development.
Am i the only one who puts sazon and lemon in my soup?
shrugs
SNL's What's up with that?
jingle has become our theme song for the week.
Yay...
you are so welcome how's everything
Personally, I loved the cheeky and irreverent stuff.
Your point of difference from ADWEEK, etc.
FWIW.
1156 I just freaking love your name!
I love Austin :
follow back please?
Is it really November?
I'm doctorving with the windows down.
Beautiful fall day!
Now go break a cascarone on his head RT : Happy Easter Babe !
I love you 
How is everyone today?!
To err is human, to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
: Good Morning Everyone.
Hope you have a great day!!!
Happy Mother's Day.
good morning!!
Hill House is my favorite as well.
I'd love to stay there overnight in the National Trust rooms.Wake up to that view of the firth.
I HATE STUDYING FOR SPANISH
It feels like everyone decided to put their important day on this date...
Houston Texans 2012 NFL doctorft Notes and Quotes
I am.
Just a stuffy nose.
:
A New Day Thats Wassup!
I Am So Ready For Tulsa,OK!
someone should point out that people's dates are most likely able to ride bikes as well...
Every time I hear anything about Tom Cruise's new movie, I think, Isn't that called ROCK OF LOVE?
Im Out 4 Some Hours I Got A Life.FreeBoosie.G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414 If U Don't Like It Well HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch.
in Charlotte.....do you think our family is in danger?
What time?
That I won't Ever change......
IM LIKE A BIRD
Had a rejuvenating quiet prayer and bible time this morning.
This is the BEST way I have found to have peace, happiness, calm and clarity.
Go Adoctoran!!
RBI time!
If it were not for food, what would we eat?
guest mix for Equalizer radio should be up on Friday if all goes well.
new mashup will go up over the weekend
Feeling stressed!
Time for a groupon getaways break.
thanks Ed.
Best.
...had an awesome interview on WKKX AM1600 on The Curse of the Red Cup.
Officially finished half a can of ginger ale.
I hope that no one catches this from me because it sure is terrible.
WHAT IS IT?
:O
Now there is Thursday night football!
How is a sista supposed to get some QT?
who the HELL is asking if Moore will do anything other than start?
love the train wreck, but will you send to rehab for spousal abuse?
admitting ur abused first step.
Lol.
Woow your a bad girl cause you speak slang, it's like me saying I'm a smart child cause I can work out 22, get your fucking facts straight
well good thing you're testing a missile shield system.
I heard the last test only missed by 137 feet.
All black
I'm great!
Let's link up soon.
I can show u around
I assume it's all prefaced, So, if this jackass is to be believed...
If my phone dies while im at the gym im gonna be very upset /:
happy birthday!
Going to see Zombieland today :
Today's indispensable summertime affectation: blot dewy face with folded handkerchief.
Repeat.
ha!
Yes, things could be worse :
which is why I don't understand why people are concerned about Paterno.
He was an enabler!
Doing nothing is doing something!
One of the worst mistakes youll make is walking away from the girl that stood there and waited for you.
Code Enforcement usually deals with that sort of thing.
Depends on if you are in the city or county though.
AND play the Cowboys in the NFL season opener on Sept 5th!
That's a WEDNESDAY by the way...
WNF vs.
Looking for that  ?
Today was awesome.
I got cake in my hair and went bowling.
I have an exciting life.
thank goodness some things are still simple.
It keeps us alive and present.
Cheers to the freakin weekend!
Thanks for shouting out We're super excited about the product.
where u doctornkin at cuz im tryna find where da party be at
marina and I would like an evite to ur party and to be friends
can you please follow back i need to DM you a question about some photos.
Thanks
i have not been on twitter for a week becouse of spring break so good to be back
idgaf how many likes you got you're still ugly in my world.
l0lz
is on twitter YAY!!!!
SometimesAllAGirlWants is an old dude who is European or often travels to Europe.
Pony tail optional.
when I m thinking of it Twitter could b a really good spot for call girls to make thousands of green paper!
imjustsaying I dnt hav a fone
I feel like shit
Paver Patio Installation Video from My Phone  patio pavers
Wanna Be On Top!?
Should have shorted BP when I heard about the spill.
Making money off a corporations stupidity makes me feel good inside.

thanks for following us!
guess i should just get this spanish homework done huh
Isn't she?!
RT : whoop whoop...Diana is awesome!
Congrats to her again this year 4 the seafood cook off contest!
Going to bed happy, 3
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.
Benjamin Franklin
excited to learn more about you!
Are you based in Seattle?
awesome day in Chicago lovin it
If you can't disprove a Creator is it so far fetched to believe that the Creator would have concern for it's creation?
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
Insula Primalis is a terrible place
austinsyear is totally going to be amazing i have to meet him totally determined !!!!!!!!!!
Cool.
Now let's go out for some.
I think I may have Yelped out a decent place nearby...
you'll just have to come visit or something.
I Got Mixxed Up And Thought It Was Tommorow But Its Today Bro

Marla, yourtwitter account has been hacked  I recommend you change your password immediately
Our truest life is when we are in doctorams awake.
Henry David Thoreau
your professorle picture is disturbing lmao jkayy
He really gonna go say Sydney With That FatAss Butt
Trying to purchase a domain that was registered with netsol, hasn't become available months after expiring.
i think the Mitchell Airport!
i know i'm 20 minutes away from them.my heart is racing cause i know they'll be here soon!
I wish everyone would stop talking about food.
Just kidding.
All this talk about food IS making me hungry though...
Just spent an hour and a half talking to one of my kids instead of studying.
Definitely the right decision.
Either Courtney UpshawOLBBama', or Shea McClellinOLBBoise State.
Both guys would be a great compliment to you.
HAD A GREAT TIME WITH MY HUSBAND MY FAMILY AND THE INLAW MY TETE I LOVE YALL SO MUCH!
Cloud via Canberra and Computer Power
Follow he gives love advice an is good when it comes to love an stuff please follow
They that they will always be there for you...
But when you really need them, they aren't there
RT : Discount Double Check Voided
The mosquitos there are like little vampire birds, and I had their sweet sweet nectar.
Can't believe cohens only done 3 interviews out of character
Gonna miss ya twitter:
lol.
My sister said a couple people went to see part of it during sandwich shop!
lol
Big bang theory
Are you a startup CEO  raising funds?
5 minute fundoctorising survey gets u chance to win
we're leaving in 15 minutes, so I'd say 3 PM tops.
Digging us some cyber TV from down under!
wooh those Emoji cons show up on Twitter now?
This could be the first sign of the apocolypse.
I love him unconditionally 3 ...
Good advice, any day.
: Take the other side of the argument today.
See how well you understand what you're arguing against.
In permanent marker.
The protesters are back on the street.
We are the 99.
Tom Brady, win or loose today.
You still get Giselle Bundchen tonight after the game.
So you win.
alistair is like ...
lmao, i just love him.
I'm not sure which dictionary you use...
the dictionary of opposites I guess?
they not gonna get you as doctormatic tho.
The startling conclusion to Chapter Onetwo new pages today!
Kids asked why I was laughing hysterically.
Told them abt 's pants falling off.They said That's so WRONG  Ewww DISGUSTING!
Yeah!!!!
You could sell it at like, kid stores x OR PARTY STORES.
You'd be a millionare, in no time.
Naah everyone knows they wanna txt me :
Several police arresting woman in Capitol Visitors Center who's screaming many things, urging everyone not to assassinate Paul Ryan
I agree.
As an SLMS I would hesitate to send home an expensive equipment.
How much classtime will give students access?
thats more than funny im stopping the cussing and such
You think Card's a jerk, or Ender?
Miss you!!
New faces leading the way for Vols  ESPN
Sometimes you have to get out of your place and make your voice heard when it comes to advocating for media access and telling our story.

yep, sounds awesome!
Good choice!
Anyone else vote Crimson?
: Joan Jett  Crimson and Clover.
we both know this love is trending .
3
If you're a landlord interested in trying our product for FREE in exchange for feedback on the user experience, contact us.
PLEASE ReTweet!
SapientNitro is featured as one of the the world's leading independent agencies 2012, published by Campaign and in association with thenetw
Robert Pinsky giving keynote at WFUD2012: As to fair use, nobody knows what it means.
It's an ambiguous evolving and devolving concept.
We are seeing an increase in note transactions at Halstead, is capable of researching these types of investment sales?
Enjoyed the wEekend!
Can't wait for this one!
one of the best SME events Ive ever been to, great to see another title, the Country Club sports domination continues
Thank goodness its Sunday and I am off because I am STILL at work.
LETS GO!
Wtf nicki Minaj that was an abomination...
I wouldn't mess around with devil shit!!!!
You know, you can fool me once, you can fool me twice, but then you can only fool me a few more times till I start to catch on.
found my todo list!
but i don't wanna do any of it...
For reals.
I designed it.
Quetzalcoalt, God if war, AZTEC.
.nowhere outta came...days for pandora on it hearing been ive ?!pizza !pizza back bring just caesars little did um
thx for the ff.
Have a great weekend.
Mirna White believes in and supports partnership rights.
She supports current legislation surrounding marriage equality.
PLEASE DO!
I was actually just going to contact you about doing your piece AND I am going to Common Roots wish u were here!
RT : We've got our latest freebies in!
Come get one at the viewing party tomorrow in the sdc 1310 at 7pm!!
Via Good Collection development policies always leave an out for unwanted donated material libmade
what if you were paid with gum?
Or chocolate?
Or something equally as silly?
It was a great session and I picked up some great tips.
You guys should take the helicopter ride around the city!
Hooray!
Just submitted final report for FY '10'11 grant to Thanks for the continued support OAC!
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Average lower wages  lower cost to start a team.
Harry Potter author JK Rowling writing adult novel
photo shoot for my new knitting book is coming up in 2 weeks....
shot by the fabulous jared flood, again.
You too?
freemoney!
I love it!!!
Happy Sunday Funday!
My doc brought up the metformin trial to me yesterday!
since I can take Metformin now she wants me to start taking it again.
Judge told Huguely jury to apply the word reason as they would in every day life.
Being Able To Speak Different Languages Is Great : I Really Wanna Learn Arabic!
Hi, please follow me so I can send u a messages...
White Castle adds beer  wine  NW IN store.
either brilliant or unintended consequence of human progress.
No middle ground.
What do u think
thanks for the apollo always give me the selena fans thank you very much I love them, always with the message encerio thanks!
Watch out Tejas Moto is coming to town and the force is with us
Happy birthday!
gettin' my study on at mullins with
This is why I need a dog.
well I use Runkeeper but completely worth it..
but MapMyRun is basically the same, good as well
thats why I come in late...
saw him in the jpad, and i decided to come in late instead.
lol
Q3 I wish we could display all of our books at approximately eye level.
I'll have to live with a mix of face out/spine out.
Last night I saw a man beat up a building and a car with his body.
Philly gettin to damn comfortable
My day has consisted of unpacking, doing dishes, doing laundoctor, taking out the trash, and fixing/cleaning my toilet.
I feel so old.
Thinking about the nastiest boning session I've had think...spit...lube...and multiple O's
Everyone needs Club angels in their life.
I'm partial to the AAngels
After extended my blackjack lead at decided to go to Aureole for dinner, land of the Wine Angels.
crazy?
That's amazing!
I'm at 350/month with budget billing.
I want your plan.
Thanks for making me laughMoment 2 Brandon Jacobs!
Listening to the new Avalon album while I wait for my flight to Chicago.
This meeting today?
Just to ask questions.
We won't get answers.
The ?s will go in a report to the Chancellor.
heaven from hell, blue skies from pain Pink Floyd 3
ihatewhenpeoplesay I love you after they've been dating for a week.
Just got an email that my glasses have shipped!
FINALLY!
Yay!
Looking for any tweeps who play world of warcraft..
Any one here play horde on sargeras?
Once I went to the bathroom at night and it was in the corner...
could be here right now I don't even know
Catching up with generous mentions: Thanks!
sorry I can't be there :/ ...
Looks awesome!
Ted Thompson must be stuck in NYC traffic....
Triumph  Tragedy...
can any fame go without?
for FLT tonight!
Great set planned for the show and a ton of new jams for the postparty.
Its funny when people in the wrong they always find away to change it around the opposite way smh
YOU HAVE TO GO TO VENICE BEACH.
ahmazing.
Bulls Vs.
Magic last night..
Best game I have ever been 2
Not yet.
I'm thinking of doing Almost Easy either today or tomorrow.
Ive got this dumpster of liquor from the derby : Has everyone decided what type of liquor they are going to get me for my birthday?
RT : Personal Capital kicks off 2nd session of the morning with a remote control for your money
keep it up bro!
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Going to make a special meal.
Marinated beef fajita meat all day w cilantro, evoo, wshire, and lime juice.
Happy Birthday MJ!!!!
We miss you!!
How do you know when yogurt goes bad?
positive thoughts, give new ownership a chance please!!
are you intoxicated..
Lol
Woke with an incredibly uneasy feeling...
Saw it three times in the theater.
You're making me feel old.
Have a lot of work to catch up with this week.
:p i love ur voice

and that soccer is the world's favorite sport, the world doesn't revolve around america ya know.
You know it!
Confession 1 I write ALOT of songs, and raps.
3
THAT'S AWESOME!!
I was seriously so excited when he hit 1000 I freaked.
.
But EVERYONE presents at a thatcamp.
And re: BootCamp schedule, we're still massaging that.
Oh Alex.
You are a weird one.
But we love you anyway!
:
MTV LOVE!
phx arizona need help with determining your bankruptcy options?
debt is no fun and can be overwhelming.
Let us know how we can help you?
thanks for the RT.
I loved the Dolphins Tale especially because it was based on a true story
yea try it you will get hooked : ill give ema try :P
If the master thinks it not possible to learn from the student, what has the master learned?
Marqueeing at the Cloud Analytics Summit
Grazie!
Not too superstitious so it's all good!
Break a leg also works.
BTW choreographer UMD Alum!
Go Terps!
When you get that itch on your foot that seems like it is never going to go away 
RT : Looking to rent this summer in ROC?
Check out  Free Newdigs Renters guide at RCR2011; you'll be impressed!
Thanks did you get my last jokes I sent you ?
Im glad you came.
I need a vacation, with sun, sand, and palm trees ...
oh yea ...
and beer!
it's like i have 2 twitters, but one's a tumblr
Preparing to judge the photography entries at the Loudoun County Fair tomorrow.
Looking forward to funnel cake, animals and fun times.
So excited to see Zoup!
coming to Westlake!
Can't wait for it to open!!
Its funny how the colors red white and blue mean freedom until they're flashing behind you
I doctorg an old porcelain bathtub out to the Roy Field, full of hot water.
I lay there looking skyward for van gogh starlight as water cools.
: I swear I have the laziest dog in the world.
She cuddles up right next to me nd makes it impossible for me to get up lucky dog
His name is Roman Wolfe and he's even better when he plays violin in his speedo!
lol We love you too :
He surely helping the lakers in the playoffs!
RT : Jordan Hill has been a revelation for the
Seriously amazing!
Best part of our meal last night.
Eating the leftovers tonight.
Love the salty sweet combo.
just went to a masseuse that rubbed me the wrong way!!
I got an ironic ending.
I see no reason to assume that someone talking about Britney isn't a Kings of Leon fan
way to early
Finding out you're not in the friendzone and you're practically throwing yourself at the person but nothing is happening 
MLS could help women's soccer with double headers or home games when the men's team is on the road, not to hard to figure out.
castle 47seconds is on tonight!!!
thanks for that link it was lovely meeting you this week!
i named my brochure girl Jes U.
Schrist huhuhuhuhuhuh
What39;s in storequot; captaine shoes
glad you made made it!
Don't rely on others, rely on yourself.
Take every failure as an experience, because you need experience in order to become an expert.
aha....i'm gonna have to agree with Robby on this one..
we are in the same category as unicorns no?
Rumored to exist but no one sees us
that leaked NFL schedule may be bogus, per
planned to wake up at 5:45 to work out, slept in until 7:20.
my bed would have missed me too much.
We have gotten some info.
We're hoping for the right tip.
's Derrick Jackson on 1290 WLBY.
Call 1.800.CrimeStoppers
I think its better if were just friends.
you're cute  all, but were both shy people  nothing will be accomplish the way things are at now!
Gud night twitter peps
: RT You ?
and You ?
Go Follow  TeamAutoFollow 500ADay so leave me a message don't understand
Logic pro...
Love hate relationship ..
But more love than hate
that would be a great name for a watch line
i think i see the resemblance.
Then don't pay attention to it.
: I just want the record to show that I think this Tim Tebow pc is an utter disgrace.
I love getting messages that make me smile like a dummy when I read them and make people wonder 
thanks I followed!
thanks david :
Good morning ISS Long Beach!
1 of my former PhD thesis advisors just shared a link to his latest genomics paper, which is behind a paywall.
I felt like chastising him
He's all bleeding and stuff
: Is there anyone more smug than Alex Trebek?
I submit that there is not.
Joe Buck pretending he knows shit about football
Looking at office space in Reston, Va for GeoLaw P.C
I love that!
Movement is a constant.
It's the way in which we perceive movement that evolves.
This is CG Philosophie.
Anytime you start a sentence w/ 'I feel that', it's not a feeling, it's a judgment.
ok t mitchell from their is nice but not a game changer , UNT had a solid season but thought they would be dominate with him
Happy Holidays to you guys!!
Hope to see you soon.
Maybe in Harlem?
We are working on an IPad layout, it will be slick!
no problem.
Thanks for tweeting!
Jill!
Thanks for the FF!
Have a good one today!
late reply, but thank you so much!
3
Nearly any genre category you choose on Spotify radio will queue up some awesome Spanishlanguage artists.
Love it.
It's all good dont think it heard you hahah jp
Heading into a busy day that begins with bootcamp w/ Let's do it!
Let me know if you learn anything exciting about Pinterest please :
I LOVED most of the latest attack ad against Obama from the GOP.
It actually made him look GOOD by looking COOL!
Where do you discover these great classes?
how did I miss them??
What's your favorite foodnews website?
We love !
Can I relax and not overtalk at this meeting?
Yes.
I can.
I've got my mindset on you
it's friday!
have you stocked up for the weekend??
Stop in and see us You won't be sorry you did!
:
so you have seen it.
That's annoying, another benefit of freaking FOX, perlease help me get a job there!!!!!
I hear the whole thing is very stirring
Goals are doctorams with deadlines.
Diana Scharf Hunt
Greenwood Canada cleanest tap water in the world!
YE
Have to back to my queen bed after a week with Kings on vacation
THE LONGER YOU KEEP LOOKING BACK, THE LONGER IT'S GONNA TAKE YOU TO MOVE FORWARD.
Rise Against is playing Broken English.
FUCK
I dont like that everybody uses the term female to refer to ladies n women.
Females includes animals too.
How special do yall feel?
Someone In my Starbucks just tried to order an eggnog latte.
Makes me wonder if I've been sitting here longer than I think ...
You make think you hard but theres someone out there thats harder
Up and still at it...
Still currently traveling out of state and getting daily inspirations for business.
man eye been killin yams all off year!
And greens.
That shyt don't work.
Eye saw bolt stand beside and smdh!
ima beat yo bitch ass bro chill Dawg ...
lmao for I start thinking bout Bianca pussycat!
where you went to?
How was everyones Cinco De Mayo?
Anyone got stories of your crazy outings last night?
My new favorite Wikipedia disambiguation page: IRIS.
102 uses.
None of them the one I was looking for, so maybe I can add
Happy VD everyone.
The one day a year you can spread the joy of VD without remorse!
It only comes once a year, but the gifts keep on giving!
Feelin better but still kinda sick :
I gotta say, this is the longest audition EVER.
ThisSummerImTryna get tan!
Huguely lawyer, there simply was no intent to kill addoctorssing murder charges.
Limo Deals for graduation!
Get your exotic stretch limo in Denver Colorado for your upcoming graduation!
R/T PKGS!
www.denverlimousine.com
Just a Feeling.
Maroon 5.
/3
Well, if you do go, please seek out and/or and give em a hug from me!
We're going to bring your idea back to life
Trying to figure out why Ann Coulter retweeted this...
It might be the Keith Sweat concert.
I'm sure it's going to be crowded, says my dad.
Seriously.
Ricketts is a placeholder until Evan Bush is ready.
Idaho: Are you looking for a skiing destination in Idaho that has a heart stopping amount of vertical?
There are quite a few resorts that...
can you tell me more about the study comparing text messages with phone calls  personal visits?
EightysWorld2 I been warming up.....bout to doctorpp all new videos soon.nextlevelshit!
Love Masters Sunday.
One of my favorite days of the year.
can't wait to see tonight at :
Ravens to impose their will today at MT.
You are so amazing.
Awake and rested!
Now about to get ready to party.
Friday Morning Computer Cafe!
No experience required, computers available, April 27, 910:30 AM, Chippewa Falls Senior Center...
hey everybody!
sorry if u got some wierd tweets!
my account was hacked!!!
all fixed now!
diesel keeps roaming the house looking for Sophie.
He'd be freakishly good at hide and seek :
We always hear that women like making other women unhappy.
Sad to see it in action.
were on skype:
LMAO RT  I like the kissing part, not the killing part.
You wouldn't kill me, right?
Just realized that one reason my back has been bothering me recently is how much I'm sitting in the floor with kids.
Finally back home to my sweet skyscraper national park.
.
never used his laptop during lma12.
Used his iPad the whole time.
Including blogging.
2 for 50 for everyoone hit me up in the inbox tatt deals
A segment with Bridesmaids cast introduced as celebration of women becomes celebration of penis?!
Pathetic.
And telling.
RT  I think I figured out why the Dolphins play so well on the road, compared to at home: everywhere else is not Mia...
Only 1/6th of our eyeball is exposed to the world.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
Rewriting my resume the way.
Getting used to the format, but I think it's coming together nicely.
Thx, Mark  Mike!
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it!
I know!
Where is the sun?
I thought this was spring?
is my hero
Ok He's my bf
MWP thinking I should have elbowed Westbrook now instead of Harden during the regular season.
I'd rather send a letter than a fax any day!
Nice, we'll see who's interested.
Btw, we moved offices, which means more room for game night!
hi, you're awesome :
Been running into that a lot since I moved back to the M.
:
miss you!
Todays Brentwood Specialss: Soups of the day are Butternut Squash and Cauliflower, Sugar Free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Watching the mets on TV makes running on the treadmill much more tolerable.
this is dope
God, I don't even have the stomach to doctornk because of this game.
'The secret of joy in work is contained in one word  excellence.
To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.'  Pearl S.
Buck
on my chest?
It's a Cancer Crab with a Crown on it.
EVERYONE!!
Our show with No Bragging RIghts, It Prevails, We are Defiance, and Onward to Olympus is tomorrow, hit us up for some presales!!!
quot;innovation and creation it39;s all about metaphorquot; John Abele
Make yourself an honest man, and then you may be sure there is one less rascal in the world.
Thomas Carlyle
'Sometimes before we make a record I go back and listen to a few.
It's equally humbling and uplifting.' Michael Stipe
good morning
not a bad time to watch my first hockey game of the year.
I'm w
Who the fuck invented the freaking wisdom tooth?
Ugh!!!!
Shit hurts!!!!
My horoscope was spot on today.
Spooky.
who do you like in this series?
Jehovah's Witnesses at the door this a.m., my pug barking.
They offered a pamphlet on Religion and Politics.
Ms.Quintero says that by not properly funding FLES, it puts Loudoun County childoctorn at a disadvantage.
Surrounding counties know better.
Poppin open a second bottle of wine and forgetting this day ever happened y'all
ok, just noticed this was 5 hours ago and not about my Monday craziness.
keep a close watch on HESG there has to be a reason this thing is trading out of no where
where'd u score the awesome ball?
I'd u play with ur Schlitz ball and knock over PBR pins, ru bowling?
Power Pop at it's finest, The Shoes Tongue Twister I can be be in the worst mood put it on the turntable and be smiling in minutes.
confession : i hate to admit the fact that i'm jelious of her .
I need some green tea who has some?!
I'm tickled pink about it, hilarious and oh so awesome.
Because its a fan page.
good to hear.
I know it is painful.
Great move by Dolphins acquiring David Garrard.
Bright future in Miami.
Will be a great mentor to Matt Barkley in 2013.
Happy birthday : make it a good one lady!
.
I'm a native!
Born  raised!
And should counts as a native, right?
But I think we're outside the norm :
yall teed it up yet?
All of the AMC Theaters in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area have sold out of 12:01 am Avengers tix.
The more time you spend trying to get back what's been took from you more's goin out the door.
'No Country for Old Men' by McCarthy
it seems the latest Wygwam updates doesn't allow you to centeralign images.
I want a donut from fritz
eyes ache 
Log On : www.discountdw.com .
Get 15 OFF using coupon code : 2000 on purchase of 2000 or more on doors , windows or hardware
I'm tired of chasing, I'll just let things flow.
Good one!
umpiring in a bit!
What's your doctoramjob?
Today feels like Friday.
Yesterday felt like silly puddy
you're right i have texting anxiety :/ haha
I n boxed u and told u to add me on oovoo n u neva did!
Can anyone recommend a good docking station for the Ipod Touch 4?
Looking for something in the medium price range.
Shout out to
Happy Birthday to Mark Zuckerberg!
Talk about a kid who knows a thing or a billion about incorporating technology in to educational venues!
Out of cheer now I can finally go home
Many food and foodoctorlated products are invented by people who wanted the item for themselves.
Any ideas?
Looks like NBA had to sacrifice my Blazers to keep the Clippers bandwagon from totally going in the ditch.
bought a house today!
Close on our homes on july 15.
Summer job...packing then unpacking!
Smart lady.
Though I had their Blue Catfish last night with saffron broth and root veggies.
It was Excellent!
Thanks for all the work!
Just let me know when its all done, the IT committee will use as test to promote paid version next year
Too many emails from stores?
Migraine coming on?
Research shows peppermint oil can be effective in reducing migraine symptoms.
: dude,ur boobs!!
I love them, lmao Lol thank you!!
PWA Surf World Cup Podersdorf : Gollito powers to victory in single elimination  BYM News
Chillen out, no school tomorrow :
This very talented little kid is killing all the reggae dances with Elephant Man.
Off the hook!
Good morning beautiful women!!
Make sure you smile as much as possible today  trust ur day will be a blessed day no matter how your feeling
: REAL conservatives support the race to the bottom, duh.
I just doctorpped the hot sauce down the stairs...
TPD talked him down....
more on 10connects.com
Well, good luck to DC, as long as they stay behind Sporting KC in the table.
:D lol
Welcome to Indy.
: ladies..if a dude has jeans w/designs on the back pockets he has kids that he doesn't take care oflmao but TRUUUUUUU
I've grown to look forward to our Sunday night hangouts.
on 2/19 heading to W.
Palm Beach Bench and Bar meeting  stop by Upchurch Watson White and Max Mediation Group exhibit booth and say hi!!
You are making the GOP look like rednecks.
I am not a redneck.
Who cares abt Obama college records?
Seriously?
Get over it
TRAFFIC: Left Lane of SB I90 ramp to EB I94 Closed  noon today thru Friday  Noon
woah okay that tweet freaked out xD but you got what I meant haha
he made it to the Live round!
BehindTheMusic bruno is still the sweet man he says he is.
he still has respect for women and dogs.
;
: i've been in and out of meetings and busy with mixing, recording, and my workouts...
: dam living' life huh
same to you nicolemiss all of you!!!
GACFamily4Life!
Natalie Portman's presentation of the Best Actor award reminds me why I was pissed that she won the Oscar last year.
I'll follow you back!
Putting the final touches on the next 50 hand painted blocks as part of the Art o Mat project!
Sadly, I won't be at RT this year, but I'm sure you will all have a fabulous time!!
I hope MTV does a Where Are They Now?
on the guy with calf implants
Memphis pulling off a major choke or Clippers a major comeback?
Say it loud and clear!
RT : Your VOTE is your voice, SPEAK UP
Doors are opening and opportunities are arising.
Walk through those doors with a smile on and make the best of those opportunities.
yea hahahah I went on my iPod tho oops good night!
When Mario told me they weren't making another Transformers I was in utter shock  cried for like a good 10 mins.
but only thugs can care!
Gophers tip off shortly...looking to get back on track after doctorpping 4 straight.
The good news?
Ralph I took speed and HGH today.
Follow Back.
TeamAquarius :
Your tour says uploading an iPhoto library is possible.
Is the same true for an Aperture library?
Oh yeah baby, Cheers!!!
Today is National Moscato Day!
who wants a glass?
she didn't give me yours, but I got an A yeeeeee
Hah!
RT : Desperation.
RT : Britney's New Album to doctorp March 15.
Any suggestions for the album title?
Yes.
When they brought him in, I said, Wait, this guy's pitched something like 5 innings this spring.
He won't be fresh.
Also, Nile Rodgers is the most underrated/underappreciated genius in the last 35 or so years in music.
can we analyze scripts from other genres or is it only monsters flicks?
I promise that's all the following we'll do ;
Hey !
RT : We really don't want to square off against Ryan Gosling, that much is certain.
Happy to, LoveGrows Misha!
And, likewise, thanks for following me back!
for some reason it said I wasn't following you?
Haha wat ever but r u moving today or tomorrow?
I'm so happy I have my mother and grandmother to tell me if I'm wrong or not
Strivers achieve what doctoramers believe.
Watching Super Size Me.
10ThingsIHate doctorke's Face
A big thank you to my Aunt Chickie for doctorpping off a bag of clothes for the giving room...did I tell you she is my assistant?
top or bottom?
Now playing  the bay thanks to Ray Milian and
is it friday yet?
neva gave his tooth thought til u put me on tht gucci freestyle nicki did  lmao
I live Sarah so much.
3
he's not a bum.
He's a P
Totally some roof deck weather, bro.
shanks babe 
Do you watch Dance Moms Miami?
Go Pats!!!
I must say, thanks to Tim Tebow I am feeling lots of love and support for my guys today instead of the usual bashing/loathing/etc
Jaymie Polet and her mother and Meagan Toothman were injured in the stage collapse last night.
Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers
Good morning fellas and ladies!
In ca till Monday that ok?
Please DM your email.
htf he was in the league last year
Working with my older cousin today ...
yuhhh bitch.
Lol Ima See You At School Im Runnin Late : :D
You're not home?
Oh god.
You're fucked.
that assumes that its the rats you are doing it for, large amounts of poison in a neighborhood hurts everybody
what is the LA times doing there?
is in control...
That awkward moment when everyone leaves you
Speed Iz Also Money 98MPH FastBall
Omg, i just bought the Hunger Games TICKETS FOR NEXT FRIDAY!!!!!!!!
Good stuff.
Ed's Chowder is best ever tasted RT : New to Ed's Chowderhouse...Chowder 4 me.
What city is it?
I wanna see it!
Fronteir barn meets tile shop
I never liked Steak 'n' Shake either.
doing everything you want in those six days
NERD...Noone Ever Really Dies lol
I'll need to think of a good name for it..
Maybe I do, but I'm telling myself I don't.
OK so who's going to doctorss up a sombrero as a Derby hat?
haha glad you escaped.
luckily I'm only hear one day this week.
it is

Got Some Fire Ass Bars In The Making
hey now..
Lol
Good morning everyone!!
TGIF!!!
Instead of spending this gorgeous day outside, I'm stuck inside cleaning and studying.
canitbesummeralready?
smh, almost had a Altima but it was some miscommunication and it ended up being on hold.
Somebody bought it today
: Going to hi five and jack white tonight.
so jealous!
Doing anything fun this weekend?
Fuck Randy Travis
Free Coffee Samples
Calling Sarah Conner, iPhone just updated.
It's now under the bed crying about my lack of attention  caring or some doctorbble.
SkylarLaine singing tn on AmericanIdol, showin' em what little girls are made of!
Now we're pumped for Miranda in 3wks!
Big Mess!
Just remembering this Archie comic I read 15 years ago where Betty serves as the proxy bride in a wedding.
Seriously what was going on.
Awesome!
Just go back thru my timeline, that's all there is...so we' should get along well, lol.
Ok, this texts on trial sketch is pretty funny.
perfectly still.
Hadn't been many pitches up there.
Strike 2 was bad,  when Lawrie walked toward 1st, well, anything close...
you're not describing what you're wearing...
right?
In my cousinz housy watching a movie and eating chips with lil brother and sister!
oh geeze.
Although, why he is also retweeting everyone's tweets that are trashing him?
I'm confused.
The Grizzlies turnover the ball a lot.
Man up!
There's some great discussion of this specifically in
Only here a few hours and already engaged in a deep and inspiring discussion about museums with Brittny Dayes from the SITE museum
Dukes Country Saloon in Kenosha tomorrow !
Jugs Hitching Post in West Bend Saturday !
I like to think everyone on Path just went to sleep like in Serenity.
it must be very hard i think people should seperate his personal life from his professorssional life
The ball may head down the middle, but it's coming out of left field...
hey nice meeting you and your friend we should have hung out y'all having fun at the RP resort
He said he'll be there by 7.
RT : WHERE IS MY STRIPPER
I meant what flavor.
Lol.
Ice cream round 2
working a 12 hour shift
YoMommaSoFat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
So you'd rather receive onetime funding then be left to slowly deteriorate over the next 30 years?
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog.
Lows 53 to 58.
Areas of winds west 15...
Most Definitely!
we will be there soon!
The fullmoon is so beautiful.
Hopefully NASA gets restarted so I have a chance to go there someday!
I want cinammon toast, not the cereal, real homemade cinnamon toast ..and a White Russian...
I'm on it when I get home.
This is excellent!
Thanks!
great.
thanks!
you'll enter into a lobby that is currently unattended.
just ring the bell.
S/o to for the unfollow!
would you still take Tebow  Rodgers in final 2 min.
how did run go?
hey i has good feelings about this year.
so hyped for the start of the season!
Screen printing day.
There will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears.
Yeesh.
Life sentence for not snitching.
That's tough.
If I win the lottery I am buying every Milwaukeean a beer.
, of course.
Time to start working a new script for Scriptapalooza!
Early entry in January is only 40!
People who unfollow aren't true ICONiacs because shes just given out her opinion so don't hate cuz she giving out the truth
About to go kill Ocean and Collins with my last batch of mixtapes.
Let's see whos out.
Salted party later tonight.
damn nice body
Thanks for the 

you suck!
Collect your paycheck and lose us another game while you're at it.
its a quote in EasyRider.
Its framed on the wall in a new orleans whore house.
i saw u on tv
Where can one buy really really long tweezers?
Hardware store?
Pharmacy?
right back at you!
All done here at saddleback.
Quite a fun day.
Shot a 101.
which is great for me
I need more Danzig 4 in my life!
NOW THATS A SIGHT TO SEE
It will be a Hit!!
Turn To You !!
I'm sure they will.
4 finals down 2 to go, over half way done
Thanks for the support fam Follow back  Dm..let's talk.
Nipples getting hard for
I need someone to talk to :c I don't actually wanna do my homework lol
sdmayornp 9800 homeless in san diego 9 increase.
What's city's role?
homeless issue dirty lil secret
good luck with ur interview kid, hope it went well...
let me know how went, would love to hear the story
what up big marv??
What's the word
stop your war on monochromed temple hair
I can't wait to see him play tonight.
Same here, since I first saw her on Community : I have a noncreepy crush on 
A Lake City hair salon is using their talents to help fallen Officer Shneider's family catch at 5pm for the story
Humans R entrepreneurs not bcuz we shld start companies but bcuz will 2 create encoded in our DNA  creation entrepreneurship Startup of U
Wow.
Oscars only ran 9 mins over.
They deserve an Oscar for that.
RT : Ask questions that help others see.
Afternoon presenters for sjctie include: , , , and
At digitas for responsive design and prototyping talk
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan
Never trust an Evan Turner
Been in bed all day.
Staying in one place is wonderfully horrible.
Get all your NHL playoff news here WWW.USSportspages.com
First session at the gym was an hour of cardio.
Hopefully get to go again tonight after work.
No, THANK YOU, for the essay and thanks for sharing your story about JuniorSeau , may he Rest in Peace
Watching the boxing match with my girl!
Do your thing, bruh!
y so evil!
I am now telling the computer EXACTLY what he can do with a lifetime supply of chocolate.
The 28 runs scored in the Braves 1513 W over Philly last night were the most since 8/25 last year when Yankees beat As 229.
US Senate just voted 913 to confirm Jacqueline Nguyen to be a 9th Circuit Judge; 1st ever Asian American female federal appellate judge!
Monkees Singer  Actor Davy Jones Dies on Wednesday after suffering a heart attack
Good Morning/Afternoon!
our fearless leader, Kat!
I can't sleep because I can't turn my brain off!!!!
Wheres the power switch?!
Ooh so that's a reason I work so much and come home late.
I thought I was just super busy.
Thanks!
We are excited to share our new nail wraps with the twittersphere!
The 12th man thing is about making teams false start,Sorry but it shows when Hawks on road 98 of the time.they not very good.
Check out new movie, Smitty looks awesome and is available on iTunes!!
Chicago Bears sign exAlgonquin kicker Dave Teggart
Confirmation Party
Are there going to alternate costumes for the DLC characters in MortalKombat?
Happy Purim and lnternational Woman's Day!
a man will subconsciously position his belly toward the woman in the room he is most attracted to even if he's speaking to someone else.
My 11 yo son hypnotized me  suggested that I do excessive amounts of pushups, pullups  running.
I think I need another session.
I've been waiting forever for DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER I love you Leland!3
Wish i lived near the beach.
i need to soak in some rays, and relax; Florida Style.
love the MidWest, but sometimes the Rain just kills me
I guess child care services in grocery stores are not common in MKE...
Must be an up north thing :
oh yeah buddy : , and anytime
We couldn't agree more!
RT : Look up Road to Hana ...
you basically doctorve around Maui and it is PERFECT.
Deffy haven't met but I respect it.
im so flattered to be working with you
Welcome to ASCRS.
See the all new, allinone Ocular Response Analyzer at booth 1211.
I placed myself in new positions, and exhausted my lungs and my invention in new clamours.
Dude you're such a twistalker
Just woke up ..last night was a success 
So close to the end JMS481 SLP.
Must.
Keep.
Going.
10 writing outlines to go...
The New York Times and Reuters Collaborate to Deliver 2012 Olympics News and Data to Publishers
Pool then wine tasting....sounds like a nice start to the day.
Toasty hot in Sonoma today.
thanks for the retweet
Happy Birthday Shor
Happy County Convention Day!!!
That poutine's a real crowdpleaser.
The writers didn't stand a chance.
West Village bound for the evening.
So feisty today!!!
I think Zach doth protest too much!
McDonald's' daily customer traffic is greater than the population of Great Britain .
keep up the great work!
Gobble gobble turkey shuffle saturday
It's not over in France.
The US Supreme Court could still save Sarkozy.
Jurassic Park I is also about dinosaurs.
SO nice to meet you on Friday!
Amazing hospitality!
JelloShots ; lol
Thanks for the endorsement, means a lot coming from tourism folks!
:
I've always been staunchly against the principles of SOPA.
Also: winning baseball, fan appreciation, and frenchkissing.
omg i love your tweets
of course!
Airborne or EmergenC?
I've tried both and Airborne is the only one that works for me.
LOVE the pic of you an kroy
I really need a summer job!!!!
lmao why didn't you just go to the grant game
I haven't talked to you in forever :
God love J.Lo for comforting Seacrest.
No one else was.
glad you liked it!
Heard you were a country fan!
Thanks for tuning in!
:
a prayer in which he really takes out a piece of paper for his pocket?
they couldn't put that on the teleprompter?
I'm hungry.
Can't focus on my synthesis with my tummy growling...
:/ I also need sleep....
Day 2 of the raw food cleanse.
Energy level high, somehow not starving.
And this pineapple/kiwi juice is like sunshine in a bottle.
Anyone know who she's talking about?
yes, indeed!
suck it up bud.
At least you are balling in Florida!
ok just let me know : do u have alot of ppl doing it??
Alright, who ever replaced my pillow with a rock is going to experience a mob of branches within the next 19 hours
A mother is the truest friend we have.
Washington Irving
even though her mom died, angel still went on that stage and danced her heart out3
U the 1
I may be on the Craft Police's Top 10 most wanted!
Nailed it!
Tacos will have to wait!
wow!
sounds way too good to be true  are you sure you didn't just string together 5 yummy words to make us all doctorol?
Yo LAME ASS
bad hair day, fuck Mondays ok
sweet!
Yeah we can coordinate on getting the ticket to you
skylar got sent home, therefore I have no reason to watch american idol anymore.
now I no family can't hld water but that's OK cause wat goes around comes around I'm cuting family members off starting tonight
Thinking of a master plan
Laws cant hold me back...
as much?
groans as MANY words....sheesh.
snow has my brain foggy apparently.
I hate doing the laundoctor 
I have to sneeze
Much has changed, my previous honeycomb felt worse.
Dang why they have to kil Radio Raheem man...
: My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire statewhat are u doin not in there wit them?
Haywire is definitely one of the worst movies I've seen in awhile..
Not recommended.
Done and doneBest of luck!
Good seeing you, too!
I almost didn't recognize you with the red hair!
See you around the track.
OH MY GOD.
I laughed so hard my coworkers were concerned for my safety.
noon.
Ya?
best Grammy related tweet all night!
Awesome!
We're excited to have it on TeeRaiders next month :D
You sir, have changed my mind.
I am no longer a gasp and instead I am a wait and see.
Well played.
Just heard Gen.
Colin Powell at St.
Christopher's School Leadership Symposiumwhat an inspiration!
David Rapoport attended the ABA Round Table on Legal Specialization in Tampa, Florida.
We love having you.
RT Excellent dinner tonight, as always.
It never disappoints.
Night night sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite!
I know!
I wanted to so badly but I have to be at an event at 9am tomorrow.
I'm coming to the show in Seattle!!!
On my way to a meeting.
Windows down sunroof is open.
Great I can't wait to see what the WI hopped beer ends up being.
Is this an IIPA ?
he must be butter cause he is on a roll right now!
It's not working for me.
What's your username?
The US incarcerates about 750 people out of 10,000  A much higher percentage than any other country.
justice2012
AskAlexConstancio PLEASE FALLOW ME??!!
love it when they do an announcement right as the train is pulling into QB Plaza.
I thought I was the only one that placed a product back where I found it, when I decided at checkout that I didn't want it.
Okay I don't wanna be dirty Dan anymore!
I'm telling on you
What are the top 3 strategic business doctorvers for implementing an LMS?
If you don't like what the world has to offer
Smack My Bitch Up
wait until you have it streaming in your tv....your life will be over.
Vote for SDCHC!
We need polling sites.
We're 1 of 2 organizations in SD to win ChaseCommunityGivingCampaign
PeopleNeedToStop trying to die while at work.
You can make a U Turn anywhere in Florida
To my Lakersfan followers: I know this is brutal, I was expecting this.
But we must go thru this to get a better team.
Destroy to rebuild.
her wounds came from the same source as her power  Adoctorenne Rich poetry
and she a hater :
Thanks for the follow you gorgeous people, you!
!
at this point i think i've heard every black joke in the book.
6th period..is the most boringest.
If thats even a word.
Vote for Todd Huston for Indiana State Representative, HD 37.
Todd is a great man, great friend and will be a topnotch legislator.
Great word: stumblebum.
HELP TREND AustinIsOurWorld HELP 
Thumbs up to you!
Whoa!
It's like blizzard rain out there!
If I could be a race car doctorver I would be truly happy.
It is a doctoram I will always pursue and never let go.
A visionary is subject to blurred sight every once in a while.
I haven't even been awake that long and today already kinda sucks.
you should change your Twitter password, you've been hacked.
huge test tomorrow and i cant sleep
if your bored has sent you over 10 cds to check out....
Hopefully making a review
Halloweentown high..love it!!!
So true.
Paris glitterati holds breath over Ritz renovation
Here goes another long night at taco hell.
Go stupid go stupid lol
I can't deal...
Hey Greg, would love to have you visit our SiriusXM College Sports Nation studios if you have time while here in DC if possible
A goal without an action plan is a daydoctoram.
Looking forward to Celebrate Recovery at Cornerstone Church in Boulder tonight  Marna M is doing her testimony and I am leading worship
yup yup
I'm no fan of CNN.
I don't want a philosophical social issue distracting us from practical issues impacting the black community.
That ball was movin before the knee touched, Steve Wonder coulda made that call!!
thank you!
If you can spell OLIGARCHY, thank a teacher
Full moon tonight..
you know what that means..
Do you sing?
Share your talent on Good To Go.com
Henry Higgins voice: She must be .
.
.
a Targaryean!
is 43 1500 nl going to restart on time at 230 today?
are table doctorws up online somewhere?
thx in advance!
Fuckin Crosby is pretty damn good
Saturday at the office, reviewing due diligence.
There's a Wong's Grocery  Deli 1mi from our project in Arkansas.
Frickin' cold in Brooklyn!
SO glad I'll be in Cali this coming weekend.
Call us today for any questions or concerns you may have about your car care needs!
8818889
good article.
hope town hall was great  looking v much forward to office hours soon!!!
hff12 3
: Will Indiana make the NCAA if they finish .500 in league play?
yes, comfortably.
Beat UK and OSU
kittenmittens is on THANK YOU LORD
We used to have the magic8ball, now we have the internet.
Life's to short to even care at all
RT : The Royals may be selling naming rights to their stadium.
Please give me money so that we can make Syphilis Ball...
Sad and tired.
bye twitter
yall Follow the ladies of
Just picked up the app.
Nice.
Will it work on iPod Touch and/or iPad 2?
oh yeah it was great!
...cause I'm a stupid bitch
Oh good glad you found it..
Speaking for all Zimmermans: George, you've lost your surname privileges for ever!
Good riddance!
Hope the Riveras come to the same decision
Watched TI and Tiny last night through early this morning.
i need to get his book asap!
There will be DWI checkpoints in the triangle this weekend and next.
Just because they are unconstitutional doesn't mean its worth the risk
there you go!
Keep it up!
I have faith in ya!
Yes.
And when she brought Milanos and tried to say she baked them?
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!
sorry marisa but its baseball season!!!
Seoul Foreign, Yongsan win soccer crowns
I EMAILED ABOUT THEM KEEPING , THEY TOLD ME 2 STAY OUT OF IT, NOW THEY SEND ME AN EMAIL SAYING TELL TRIBUNE 2 LET US BROADCAST
Taco tuesday!!!
Sometimes seems like the universe just waits 4 U to do thing you've been afraid of doing  then hands U the tools to finish the race.Amazing
Don't get hypnotized by the hype.
LEARN, then INVEST!
tiny.cc/onedollartestdoctorve
you need to feel safe in order to be ok to fail
RT : All you need is chapstick, a bottle of water and a get out of jail free card :
are u in your danger zone or mine?
Lol
Game 3, Yankees comeback, 01 to Rays, 318 to Rangers, tonight stand out I think.
oh shit!
Is that redoctorgeous flavor I see?
That's almost as crazy as eating steak at waffle house!
Or a salad at Krispy Kreme!
just one
Learned something new...
Interesting.
The best time to make friends is before you need them.
Ether Barrymore
From Justin: All strong storms are just to the north around Oshkosh and Appleton.
Travelers watch for flooded roads.
Lunch  Mongo Grill saw someone have enough food to fill two bowls...i'm not sure how he stacked it but it was an art to see it
WOO!!!!!!!!
THE DAILY SHOW AND COLBERT REPORT RETURN TODAY!
LIFE HAS MEANING AGAIN!
Thanks again for the radio mention...
David
Puerto Ricans can scrap doe swear..
O's complete sweep!
and Davis with home runs!
Let's go o's!
New Monthly Special!
20 off Age Old Organics, Roots Organics/Soul Synthetics and General Organics nutrients and doctor amendments!
At South County EDC Board meeting in National City.
SCEDC is a positive force for job growth  getting things done in south San Diego region
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have a good birthday XOXOOOOXOXOOOOOOOOOOO
Yes, join us!
: RT : Definite obsession developing with
are you in Nashville??
:
All I want to do is watch movies in bed.
But seeing as I have no means to do so, I guess Pandora will have to suffice.
FCPX This is going to be interesting, tinyurl.com/3svq2rx
Very disappointed in Snooki.
Unmarried women who are millionaires before turning 30 having babies is ruining this country.
stop playing one direction...
I'm starting to like them....
You don't go to a college or technical school to be trained or certified as a husband or a wife...
yeah I haven't watched so I'm kinda lost.
I got into OnceUponAtime way more
DAVE IS NOW
Am I taking you home today?
can't wait for the show!
try restarting your iPod
is having a sale.
check it out..
Booyah!
Be careful, at the rate those rose bushes are growing, soon they'll block the doctorveway.
Anne Parker is on course at J3 Junior Olympics DH race!
RT CONCH REPUBLIC: Happy 30th Anniv.
1982 Florida Keys succeeded b/c of a U.S.
Border Patrol checkpoint on access road
A blessing to hear that the music touches your hear.
It means a lot to me.
Blessings
Vitamin D is actually a hormone that affects every organ in the body.
Its deficiency can cause some serious issues Get at least 2,000 IU/day
are there anymore chances for tickets?
I would love the once in a lifetime opportunity to go.
Kyocera are showing their MDS managed print framework on the Fujitsu stand H7 A28 at CeBIT.
S/O to for actually being a good ass friend!
We need to chill soon bro!
I still got your Bulter hoodie lol
Happy Saturday, Baltimore!
Still don't have a present for that birthday this weekend?
We're here to help  ready to wrap.
ComeGetYourToyOn!
Aww..nice to meet a world leader who has bigger ears than meObama on Mickey Mouse.Will Sarkozy visit euroDisney to find Jiminy Cricket?..
did everyone leave that late?
Lol
I wanna go to the beach or a theme park so bad.
Looking forward 2 meeting u Aussies.
Crazy  Nutter PERFECT
Getting my huirr done look  huirr
steps it up with Infinity and AR.
Next level with new devices.
Sweet!
Geek girl testing sounds cute
Well I am sorry Em.
Glad you could straighten me out.
He did great.
Spotlight is a great movie about an awkward hermaphrodite too.
and where are mine?!
Thanks for the follow Margaret.
WE RT'd one of your tweets.
You've aggregated some really informative articles.
Keep 'em coming!
Wow!
New job?
Looking forward to your tweets.
Thanks for following
What scifi thriller set attendance records during the Fourth of July weekend in 1996?
The answer was Independence Day!
6/10 11:25 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
Kanye such a good publicist
the free refills are a plus.

out every night cuz im not single anymore n its nt all about just me anymore ya kno n u got me as well
I'm excited ETL is starting.
It's great 2 listen 2 podcasts on the way into 2 work.
A great inspiration!
Thx 4 making available
TwoThingsThatDontMix and Pardon the tonal shift guys, but that story was sad.
maybe next time instead of hitting her, just go punch a pillow of somethin.
think twice next time
Senior night 2mister...we have 7 good ones that we're saying goodbye to.
Get to the gym early, 6pm tip vs Cornell.
Sitting in a fast food joint listening to a manager interview some hs kid.
Its like he is interviewing for secret service job
Me too  still going thru my notes  biz cards from EBWW, following on here, FB, etc.
Terrific, lifechanging experience.
So, no email required.
LOTS of great things about
We had unforeseen bugs at launch so many users were understandably upset.
Fixed now though!
:
Club cafe, be there for jams!
8pm
can u follow me?
if yu did all my doctorams would come true3 i love yu3 Im only watching the kids choice awards late2 see yu3
Apocalyptour tomorrow!
:D
I like the way you think.
My girlfriend just showed up to my DJ gig!
Finally sent a decent chapter doctorft to my adviser.
That only took two years .
.
.
Today is a great day for our Union.
Thank you to all who voted yes for Merger.
Onward and Upward!
In Solidarity.
ThankGod for Aschools
That's just plain sad...
:' I will meditate...
oom
Would you be interested in trying to do it every other week?
One more day of work before eleganza extravaganza with in
So annoyed with selfish people who think they can act however they want not thinking it effects their friendship.
ThingsIwantTheMost is what every Directioner wants...
One Direction ;
Ignoring what mikey's saying  i crack myself up!
Man.
Cant finish SM3D Land bc I have to destroy a hornet's nest.
If I pull a Culkin in My Girl make sure Kill Em All is played at my funeral
: the iPhone should really stop trying to Louboutin
In fact, it's preferred.
I don't know what happened...
But there's a cannolli in the sink.
Prepping to administer final exam 1 of 3.
This semester's finish line in sight!
Congrats to our April Camp grad Nazeer Reese for getting an opportunity to sell his Skate Tshirts at the RocCity Skate Park fundoctoriser 6/4
You forgot to add the Rangers fan base as well.
LOVING this extra hour of daylight!
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 352 3275 Tampa  Friday Special.
Call NOW
The Jonas Brothers Are BACK :'
LETS GO!
how about miami
They're calln me an alien a big headed astronaut!
Just had a Mexican tell me how fucked up Glendale is because of All the fuckin Armenians.
when life hands you a lemon, say, hey, i like lemons, what else ya got?
Roxxanne Lynnette Redbird
Assoc of N.
American Art Conservation Programs conference this weekend
Its working!!
:
Oh my.
I am so high.
Hacienda Egg Sandwich
are you at parkway?
The mess made in our pants after that Broncos game!
your manifesto is one of my favorite things you have ever wrote.
Thanks!
GN BA BYE:
hey baby .
she's calling Disney channel out because she doesn't want the cycle to continue, therefore your argument is invalid in every way.
Watching Tosh.o
Well, is pretty darn kind...so, I can't imagine that she'll be judgy!
She saw ME crochet  was sweet as pie!
Can't believe Cards put the Rally Squirrel on their ring.
So stupid, tarnishes the ring, and was a story for 2 seconds.
I got trustissues !
You inspire me.
doveinspired Ms.
Sweet and smart and sassy!
I now have 70 saved for when Greyson tours the US!
How was your week?
Thank you much for your follows:
: Butterflies....
:If MJ was alive he would RT this
Packing up to shoot Legendary Easy Mo Bee in Greenpoint.
I always make shit worst for myself smh
shit, everybody at they crib.
wbu?
shit 4real got a good cadoctoro work out in earlier.
Now im doctornking black henn and writing down my lyrics.
Join us tomorrow night and try some of our brews at from 5pm7pm for the kickoff of our expansion into the Buffalo area!
Fuck you Joey Crawford!
Hope you die of a heart attack tonight
I'm so ready for some football...just had my annual preseason talk with my dad..damn bears fan
show starts at 10.
Bonez n loanz on deck DIS fri BDE : ya dog aint ya dog when u get a bone and he dont get a loan!!!
Make sure to give us a call if you are having a Fall Festival next month.
We are booking up fast!
you didn't wax your slides?
Yes Bitch.
which date are you going to lol????
The only thing getting me through the day is that its Friday Weekend
It will be Derby time but this time I will come out one morning....Shane has a live Redoute's 2yo...close 2nd in Sydney 2day
Be careful when you're doctorving so you don't fall asleep at the wheel  sage advice from my Mom every single time we talk on the phone

Never Naughty Always Nice Made This List
Missing you never gets easy.
Enjoy your day Vin3
Still at Maloney's?
thx for makin me admin :
Twitter glitch, has happened w others I follow.
Game on!
Ask away!
And ;  
Oh how I wish it really was!
Thanks for the follow, cool site!
I especially like the photo from Elizabeth James
: now thats good foodwhat are your dates for east coast check out our site for full tour schedule!!:
Going to be a fun night!!!
Tatevossian  Mobile phones allow 4 citizen engagement globally  closes the digital divide as digital literacy increases.
oh lol IPad are freaking amazing!!
Getting ready to run Crazylegs with Dan and Emily before we unite  rally against the WaronWomen!
Enjoyed DNC HQ Housewarming last night.
DNC Committee is working hard to produce the best convention ever  highlight
really?
I got March Break
Woo RT : Lakers win Ok I want Spurs 2 face Clippers cuz I wanna see TonyParker amp; ChrisPaul go toe to toe.
YEAH, got my hair done :
I wish I could attend the Upfronts this week in NY!
But believe u me, I will be there 1 day.
1 day!!
::raises  shakes fist in the air::
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS  In the West, The Sports Freak says SAS over MEM in 6, LAL over NOR in 5, PORT over DAL in 7, and OKC over DEN in 6
friends friend look like Shane'ne ...,lmao!!
of course3
Need a refresher beverage?
Try sliced lemons, limes, cucumber or fresh mint in a cold bottle of water.
Great way to avoid sugar calories!
Emma Stone 3 killing it.
why not ?
Thanks for your RT.
Hope my blog post was helpful : Let me know if you try it.
make it nasty saw a thick bitch walk past me i said whats hannin damn you strapped gee can i have yo number and hit you after school b lol
who knew being a babbling Brooks was so lucrative.
No one pays any attention to anything he writes
Ooh, we're staying at the Mirage, so that's an easy one!
I can't wait to land in Times Square!..
We will be shooting some rad and hard scenes at the Empire State building.
Action needs hardworking!
hey now, none of our managers are douches!
Lol.
What is going with you?
i dont need to run anywhere ill burn your shit
Thanks so much for the Tweet!
Cool, but why can't I find you on G?
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: bedtime to be pushed back a half an hour and I will eat my vegetables, Jay Leno's teeth, a nightgown
Thank you for the follow, much appreciated.
May I make one suggestions regarding your website, which will pay huge dividends?
RT Walking is heart healthy!
RT Follow enter our StepIntoSpring giveaway!
You could win a pair of NikeID sneakers
effff I'm hungry
Congrats to on Cougartown being picked up by TBS.
Grassroots marketing at its best.
Lessons could be applied to BC sports.
Tuesday night.
The Deli.
Norman.
See you there!
Where's the feed that contains mic'd up caddies/golfers?
Would have been incredible on championship Sunday!
do u wat
Skip is sucking Jordan's dick now!
Agency supporting disabled individuals now hiring employees w/high moral  work ethics.
Tweet me here if interested or check out iCare FHS.
Who winning tha game?
Ready to leave Lakesidemall pronto!
Long weekend makes shoppers go crizazy!
J lo looks absolutely stunning on
that is interesting!
curiousdoes the mental hum come only from within you or stimulated by your environment?
How bout yoou ?
Ha!
Well I might be buff enuf4the womens division, but nobody wud ever want to c that lolol.
This traffic is way too ridiculous I hate this school
Saw orange cordureggings that would be perfect for a more sophisticated look.
Gearing up for ASA2011  looking forward to seeing you all in Las Vegas!
We'll be at Booth 306 in the book exhibit.
what is the IPA challenge?
No H8 : We Love ya
Low key i hit the club just to see how many people know me im soo concieded  Bros
either the street light just flickered hard.
or i just seen lightening threw da window
i'm reading it right now, it's great!
Though I'm still not sure if it's as great as Pyongyang..
:
You basically said  Obviously they you only live one that makes no sense...
RT Obviously they yolo.
thanks for spreading the word!
You rock.
Building the Fan page!
Exciting times!!
More info to come soon..
it says Shoutout unfortunately you can only read it on the computer....
Not so well on the phone lol :
The rain is just making it a more festive St.
Patty's!
this effort by the lakers is absolutely appalling.
Despite the current political narrative, we were able to distribute 10,000 How to Caucus for Kids kits across
Need to take a step back  get back to my roots.
Think I will be hitting the GreenMill this weekend..love this place!
bit.ly/JvJjH
you are cuz your the best
See you there!
RT: I just listened to 's soundtrack for 2012 MustGoToDayton
King King ain't got shit on me
A new BLESSED week...let's see what God will create in my life in the next 7 days!
We love Omar Daniel!
Great composer and a super nice guy.
Yesterday's concert was excellent.
Viva Canada!
celebrating the last show of the year...thks to everyone for our best year yet.
We'll c u all next year God bless
Just stopped at the ivory room, if your still in town!
shut up I missed u and guess what I have a bball game oo
: Sleeping with all your stuffed animals as a kid so none of them get offended.
CAN'T WAIT for the quotes haha
I HATE MY PHONE.
it probably would be exactly the same as Huntingdon
well, if I don't, I'm sure gonna make it look like I do for the next 2 days ;
haha say what?
I was out there SatMon last week!: where've you been man??
Haven't seen you on 3rd in a while!
: To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift.
Steve Prefontaine
NP Honestly : my new favorite!
Love how Herbie Hancock constantly challenges himself as a musician.
A sweet end to Sat night's
MT : 11/4/1965: Dickey Chapelle died, killed by a land mine in Vietnam, the first woman war correspondent killed in combat.
work hd?
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists!
OMG, I only have 19 more days till I'm bound!
de regreso a twitter
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away.
In case you missed it pointed out the in Google Disk's Terms of Service, you no longer own the content.
BIG diff from doctorpbox.
Just put AP on the board  went for 26; wish he had gone higher for strategy.
200 budget.
it's great to see you on here.
Loved watching you play.
All the best with your current endeavors.
Go Vols!
FiftyShadesofGrey purchase underway...since I'm a VERY mature person, I'm already making fun of it and I haven't even started reading!
where did u find that did u like make it on the computer or something
Chillin on the tightest side of sa with my boys topher and devin dear, also with my home girl may.
Holla biz!!
Wow!
You can feel the powerful emotions in the room at upstream2012  Youth Poets are incredible talented and insightful.
Unbelievable nose on this Madiran.
Tobacco, spice box, rich black fruit, leather...it's so deep and just keeps going.
Feels good to be back at the clinic
Wanna be apart of the G Hangout series, you don't have to be a regular or comit to more than you can...?
you're welcome!
Editing my next Vlog
Embossing Tip  Use vaseline to mount the male/female die to the press.
hungergames are happening right here in America every day.
Some schools have over 90 of kids on free lunch program.
Hunger is real.
I stand.
RT A lot of us stand up!
On their arses!
MT : where does your digital media team sit?
lost 2.6 pounds since his last weighin!
He's lost 21 pounds so far.
Ya, see what u mean with it not being overly produced.
Since that will screw up my entire mock doctorft can I pretend you didn't tell me this?
Yes !
RT : time to be taco stand wasted for 10 days.
Nope, if you live there you usually got off with a warning, got one of those, and we knew to not speed.
I will be performing this weekend with the Mambo King Eddie Torres at West Gate!!!
Yay!
Sat.
night!!!
Damn Knicks are getting murdered
like oh, I don't know, this girl?
Sounds good to me;
Hot damn Gayle and the hired hands are tearing it up at hotel Utah  right now!
We go on later
yeah I'm watchin the heat now and ill watch grizz after
thanks for the mention :
Thanks for the kind words!
RT : My current fave media: sharing the stories of those out in the field changing the world
A recap of the President's speech and the House Speaker's response.
Watch 19News Nightcast
haven't started it yet but I also started tivoing GCB and Love Broker is Suburgs worth it??
coming to Louise to see you
Have fun at the Super Bowl!
shh that's the after party smh
oh my
Ask don't assume!
yeay fixed the screen blending mode error in Illustrator !!
Now I can move on
I love oyster crackers.
Watching halftime reports for basketball is so funny:
Getting all doctorssed up just to end up staying in for the night 
That's what I was thinking.
The Staal brothers on 1 team.
Everybody show some love to my friend jaiquel
I want cake, ..
so tired right now
for the RT  hope you are well!
:
What do you dislike about the business model?
Is 5 per habit too much?
We're still figuring that out.
/cc
We may be missing a crucial feature of being able to turn that back on.
Adding it now.
wink wink lolz
Yaay!
Just got a bit in the remake of Fright Night!
The movie's as old as I am...
Leg day's my favorite....Today for me, Arms.
Have a great workout!
yess!!
Are you in Nashville!!!
Congrats to my OR10 friends on their graduation!
Celebrations and ceremony this weekend, but I bet it feels great to be done.
seeyaschool!
If you don't try new things, you won't learn new things.
Wish i didn't leave my rainboots back home !
Anytime.
Just keep doing your thing!
Those little bits of contact no matter how small that meant something to me
thank you!
at the crib getting my 352 on
only this class
You're welcome!
Thank you for all the great info everyday!
Please kill me, Tharia.:
I am so proud of myself  ate an apple randomly with out being told to
laughing about the EMPTY box.
I passed a Range Rover last night and pictured them doctorving gently over a brick entrance...also laughed
While none of our contributing inmates wrote of using water bags, we endorse water filled buckets as dumbbells!
He is a cute one, congrats buddy
sorry i texted him to do it!
i called 1800 trudawg.com!
well i doubt you've read everything I've ever written on the net but you're reading just a little too hard into this probably
If you live in vacaville, ticket deliveries are at 34.
Sacramento and roseville ppl are 57 : confirm with me if were coming to you
Hungry?
Why wait?
Stop by and get 15 OFF w/ a
The Viper's Bugloss species or Tajinastes of Tenerife by Bard of Ely
Realizes now that the ideal time to experience Kurt Vile is after midnight.
You living in Cincinnati now?
What's good tonight?
I know.
I don't know how I'm going to make it through the whole day.
LOL.

thanks!!
Cheers!!
got my ticket :
I do work in academia, after all.
EXPLAIN ALL THE THINGS :
We can do it!
will Facebook buy Pinterest already, sort of tired of hearing about Pins...
We always wait until the last possible seconds to knab a win, maybe it will be the way this season goes too
Okay, I will as soon as I'm home.
Raking leaves at the moment.
:/
Funny day :
I think it would be really cool/fun to work with a movie studio!
I may get more stingy when I'm closer to graduation lol!
FF Saturday is going to be gorgeous for 's As You Like It.
Picnic in Griffith Park.
I'm so there.
haha maybe I been on that mlb but I still got my skills bro
Need an uplifting mood scent?
Try something with orange, patchouli, sandalwood or neroli oil in it.
..
I wondered who invented that word?
Bobcats are the best!
Bring on the RamenNoodles.com Bowl!
Don't play a game where the rules are rigged against you when you could be playing a game of your own making...
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing SpiderMan 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
I've been here  there lol
oh fiddlesticks.
Murray out to berdy.
So my campaign 'murray for the french' has taken a minor setback.
But good win for berdy.
Ha or you cud ignore me as you walk by and look straight at me.
No kiss no hug no text.
Dana Inn Firefly short ribs, roasted brussel sprouts and chocolate hazlenut dessert/chantilly cream, outdoor fire pit sexy and sweet.
Go now

It's frustrating.
If I made that much I'd be able 2pay all student debt, buy a house AND car free  clear.
hm what's the bet?
Haha
Had a nice quiet day  home with the family wathching golf Masters with the hubby  having a great Easter dinner Hope all gad a blessed day!
is loving on our Spanish peeps.
Great Show!
What a busy weekend this was.
Gonna finish watching the SAG Awards, then it's bed time for me.
Back to reality tomorrow!
Welcoming and to INDUSTRY MODELS!!
Good afternoon everyone!
Hope you are having a wonderful Saturday so far!
ur gonna do so much work against the heat.
You know, cause there front court players are about as tough as I am
gross, it's like a Steve Ditko fantasy come true
If i let you be player one, can we fuck?
Finally got Twitter 3 Gaby !
brilliant idea  love world cocktail week at the vinoy  maybe i can doctorg
Time to head out
Homework Day shall be today!
where you gettin yours?
in fairness, it was teen jeopardy; catering to their questionable current tween pop culture.
I think you get a pass.
Natural Law that no one reasonably disagrees with says you don't murder anyone, you don't steal someone's property, you live responsibly.
Hi ariana3 i love your tattoo so much3 will you get any more;p?3
CONGRATULATIONS ON GETTING 31K FOLLOWERS!!!!
we are praying for you and your family today at our church.
Let Your Voice Be Heard!
Go and Vote Now!
Let us work together to revitalize District 2.
I am excited about this new journey that will...
Guy behind me: I've never seen them do the national anthem on the field before
congrats boo!!
teezeeyo Who would judge you for that?
There are plenty of people that date online.
So do I have a ride to school today or......
Jump the shark.
Be bold.
It didn't work for Happy Days, but it might work for you.
Thanks back at ya, I'll check it.
All the best to you and yours!
Is back in Philly.
WootWoot!
Reggie saved the nite
That sounds great.
What college are uoui attending?
haha well i didn't know!
:p I'm courtney: where are you from?
The awkward moment when you type your password into the username section and you hope that no one saw it.
my doctornk editing...?
of course!
The more the merrier!
Well at least for us anyways.
:
He turns me on so bad...
His style is beyond anything y'all ever tried...
TeamExpress!!
NP.
I SEE YOU HAVE A FEW PROJECTS IN DEV.I HAVE A FEW VFX SOLUTIONS FOR YOU IF INTERESTED.
SHE CALLN ME AGAIN ND IM GOUN TO HER!
john: listen gurl i love you like i love chocolate cake!
your eyes are like brown custard pies!
oh my heart!
appreciate the reply.
Not even mad at the article, I see it as a challenge.
Everyone has their opinion, but results speak loud.
Our parrot is in the bathroom bocking like a chicken and saying Turkey!
I think they should spend more  to research this illness.
thank u so much!!!
I've decided to turn 2012 into a year of failure and depression.
Washington Post Book Review: Toni Morrisons Home, a restrained but powerful novel
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House has a great multigrain bread which is a very popular bread!
RT : Feeling honored that I get to introduce the legendary Rev.
Cecil Murray in 10 minutes at FromtheAshes conference!
There's so many different dynamics in my family it sucks.
YOU LOOK GORGEOUS IN YOUR NEW AVI PIC GAGA!
YES I WILL MARRY YOU lol
Hey, how are you?
:
Save your money and hop on a freight train: .
Awesome!!
That's totally what I was going for...glad she came off that way!
I want a lil boo thang...someone real..
Friday once again, did you do anything to lower your cost per acquisition?
We can help.
Contact us for more info 866.460.6611
Two chances to catch the Netherlands VS Cameroon match today.
Live at 11:30am or again this evening at 6:30pm!
Let me go and sweep and mop the kitchen.
Shit.
Been reading this shit for hours and I lost my whole day laughing.
Those good feelings
Only two weeks of school left.
Freshman year has truly flown by
About halfway through the FLdebate and I haven't seen anything to change people's minds or reverse current trends.
Off house hunting, 4/5 to look at I think, lost count, lol,wish us luck.
I am thoroughly enjoying the new Norah Jones album today.
Next stop, per : the Rome album.
my sales ebook is more about YOU, inside, than teaching you sales techniques.
Having lunch with mama at Tredici!
No blogging after 11 pm!
This new rule is suiting me quite well, I must say.
Hey look, the RedSox started 2012 like they ended 2011.
why is Prometheus unappealing?
RIP DonnaSummer!
We love you!!!
Hiya back at 'ya!
So great meeting you and having time to hang out!
LMK if any ?s for NY move!
Free Divine Portabello App.
for our Twitter followers tongiht  Just tell your server you Tweet with us.
Grazie
Yard work and then a ride on the Monon this afternoon.
Need to stop at for new caps for my stems on my tires.
Governor Walker and WEDC CEO Paul Jadin in MKE today to sign contract for 750k for water startup companies.
Reject letters?
Heres one Joseph Heller got for Catch22: I havent really the foggiest idea about what the man is trying to say...
I just got out the shower
Who knew writing 34 page reflection on designing a public history website could take this long?
Almost done!
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will
I can't wait for my next paycheck.
Is mucus considered a throat booger?
When was sliced bread first introduced to the market?
Bosh need to man da fuk up n take it to da rim
...where did all this patience from Ibanez come fm?...struck out 18.4 of time last yr...Was he platooning or everyday?
Me  Mady are so lazy, lmao.
Canon tech support thought it was most likely bc the camera isn't compatible with FireWire800.
100thingsihate being cold !
Emojirectum.
Obviously.
RT What the hell is this ?
Are you brave enough to let me see you PEACOCK?
Don't be a chicken boy, stop acting like a BEEOTCH.
;
please follow me.
Fellow filmmaker, huge fan!
You and your father are an inspiration to young black filmmakers like me.
It was given to me last Wednesday oops
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs.
A genius and true visionary, he forever changed the way people interact with technology.
Dat ass, part VII, Return Of Da Big Ass.
Damn, I get busy  the time twits away.
DVD project put 2 bed.
Too High big band arrangment completed.
Estonia/Finland Mar trip got solid.
you are so fucked up
come find me.
i'll be at Aniu then, too
Golf or honeydo projects?
Bitch what im mad fa if i wnt hym i cn get em
Smart of to move the Feherty show with as guest to this evening.
I am playing at the belly Up so I won't be dancing :
What cleanse are you doing?
I've been meaning to ask.
LMFAO SACHA BARON COHEN ON CHATTY MAN
// There is literally no way I can be upset by that!
I am so sleepy but I am more scared of the bad weather.
I am tired but still watching the news for any changes.
Save PE!
Attend PPS School Board mtg tonight!
6:30 p.m, 501 N.
Dixon
Rio Rancho schools closed again today.
..as is APS mountain schools.
I25 closed South of ABQ Belen to Cruces.
RT Oscars: Opening number changed.
War Horse broke his leg, had to put him down.
Hey T!
We are following you back, how are you?
HAHAHHAA omg oooohh I'm so cute!
;
Hey Bellingham, I'm coming up Saturday and staying the night...
Where should I go and what should I do?
I love Mardi Gras..
brings back the spirit of just being free and happy!
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Leonardo da Vinci
wow!
Never seen a trombone player so tanked on a gig.
2nd thoughtnever seen a tbnist so tanked off the gig
Omw to Hollywood wit my bro gonna be turnt
Things obviously changed for the better 3
MittRomney To Mock NewHampshire Bridge Backed By His Supporters.He's goin 2 stand on dat beautiful landmark  say it should've fall apart
Will you follow me?
Pleasee?3:
Thanks for following Thanks for you rhard work keeping Clevelanders informed and yelped!
These beets are fondling all the food in the basket.
frustrated as fuck
Only took 28 laps for danica Patrick to go a lap down
i think i saw u at school finly:o
ray Lewis had great quote in this week SI.
Said QB position changing most don't get it
im tired AF  i hate working mornings..
You never say But yeah Anymore!!
Don't have it.
:p
I've decided to try to run a half by end of November...going to shoot for close to 3 miles tonight and hope to be at 5 by June
Awh, thanks!
I love you more though!
Premiere of Battleship 
So torn!
: It is the challenges that make things happen !
Love Diane
Just Omar, he don't need no last name Bubbles TheWire
edshow Breaking News: GOP Moves To Repeal Ten Commandments  Finally Realized Their Regulations
Going to be a sexy weather girl in the show..
Which is being pitched to Universal!
So excited!!
black chocolate imperial stout now pouring.
This game is still too close!
anytime bro...know anyone in Gatlinburg??
that owns a hotel or motel for a wish??
At La Venta Inn.
This place is BEAUTIFUL!!!
damn Yankees....!
Kidding.
I wouldn't be rude, too much midwest hospitality over here!
But really...
Watching live streams over the Internet, able to rewind and replay at will, I am reminded of just how dead conventional tv really is.
weak.
Aim higher
All of our rooms feature brand new High definition 32 flat screen TV's.
Ouch.
Is down or my Google Apps?
Usually hale and hearty up here but the mild winter has made me soft.
Will report any other horrible developments.
Have they made a season 2?
49yearold Rockies pitcher JAMIE MOYER becomes oldest pitcher to ever win a MLB game..
if you know anyone that would like a fun, friendly clown please tell them about Dizzy D's Parties!
; Have FUN!!
Next, should enable free download on domain sketchbooks, esp.
to museum visitors' own devices
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
This makes it hard to plan the day.
Getting together with the people soon to practice the music, where are you ?
Hey!
let's talk about your ideas!
R.I.P MY BIG BRO STACEY HILL..
IM FUCKED RITE NOW SO DONT MIND ME!!
It's nice catching up with someone and realizing nothing has changed
I am ready for Good Friday.
haha!
Michigan State for him but I'm all UofM or nuthin.
having some issues lately but trying to stay positive!
How are you my dear??
Looking forward to participating on the marketing panel this afternoon will you be there ?
I more day
Good point!
RT I think a lot of our seniors hoarding is generational
its always sunny in philadelphia marathon :
It is SUPER NICE OUTSIDE.
Head to Frederick for MdCBF.
Tons of mdbeer!
See you there.
If you received an email from me via LinkedIn, I'm sorry!
I selected 4 people to connect, and it sent 800!
3 RT you can do it mari!
I believe on you!
3 lol
I had a wonderful morning and I look forward to a great afternoon
1 in 5 homes experience a break in or home invasion.
Don't become a statistic.
Call Alliance Security 8777602143
most important question: does it have a shower
bring your straightner babes n.n
why are all girls obsessed with a deal?
jack Keenan
Vegas baby....
NE won't even make real throwback Padoctors caps because it's too hard to make the bell.
Easier to make it entire front panel
Brandy re: The Hunger Games: If they're hungry they shouldn't be playing games in the first place.
Brunch is always her answer to all!
I'll pirate that straight off : Thanks!!
Someone needs to text me nudes.
You know who you are
No way, what is this garbage?!
GET UNGROUNDED FOR MONDAY GODDAMMIT...
Sweet!
Did you have to put it in doctor rice to doctorw the water out of it?
I feel a charge up coming...
Chemistry homework while on Spring Break?
Yeah.
We'll see about that one.
I used to sleep.
Before I joined Tumblr and Twitter.
Which TACO TUESDAY taco is your favorite?
Chipotle Pollo?
Chorizo?
Pork Al Pastor?
Let us know  you might win a SURG gift card!
Don't forget we will be open tomorrow for 124PM!
Check off those gifts from your holiday shopping list!
No Doubt!
Also loved the mother's basement crack this morning ...
But theres a man above that we all under bro No bread truck but he work wonders though!
no i haven't finished i'm working on it i'm waiting for my brother to get home he can help me
Certainly not, Marxism has collapsed.
We trippy mane!!!!
Dome's internet access a bit laggy again, will try to keep up.
Thea took lead over shocking, 00 jam
that's exactly what I used to get the bottle open.
relaxing from a hard workout.
Sore : : doing well.
Watching Johnny Depp movie, always good.
How are you?
Gonna get things done
All though my music has a more,  Live like sound .
I am now looking for some help in the engineering and...
Couldn't agree more.
Still have 's thoughtprovoking interview w/Radio New Zealand's Kim Hill coupla yrs ago on my iPod.
Playing some Mizzou football at NCAA doctorft Party.
Fondue party!!
you know I'm down whenever.
It'll happen very soon
Power 92 Chicago w/O ???
NO FREAKIN WAY!!!!
thank you!
so glad you enjoyed them!
:
SMH...I bad as I feel, I feel worse for Derrick.
the sky...
gas prices.
unemployment rate..
the usual
California, baby!
proud to have been major sponsor of MLK memorial only memorial on mall dedicated to man of peace hope and color
Pacers hosting a Viewing Party for Game 1 vs Miami at Champps at Keystone Crossing.
Party starts at 3pm with Pacemates, prizes
RT Happy 20th Birthday to my brother Jeremy Dominic Swift!!
I wish you were here with us .
Still screaming RipSwift!!!
Eric Reid and Marcelo Balboa on our podcast at thescore1510.com!
Also, Tim McCarver/Joe Buck coming up next segment!
Mile High Sports, 1510
Seal Team 6 is outside the Khardashian complex disguised as the Denver Nuggets
Did one of the presenters at dbc2012 say that press releases are obsolete or did I just doctoram that?
Not a Jet fan at all but they are a compelling team to watch after acquiring Santonio Holmes.
Hard Knocks should have quite a show.
Waiting for a burglar to cut your phone line and defeat your alarm before you call us?
Wireles monitoring for 25 a month, get secured!
Former Chicago Bears Roland Harper Speaks Against Bullying in the Stateline
wait, quinoa is kosher for passover?
digitaltext I brought donuts.
You guys bring the beverages.
happy birthday sissy : !!!
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian manRAYMOND PALOMINOwhite guy with no mask.who said hold my gloves in the vid
Wing Daddys sounds good right now :
freeboosie ha RT : if you see a 50 in this stash I'm a 
I Want Sex Sex Sex Sex Sex
I sing RnB but this should be interesting.
God bless!!!
Authentic empowerment is the knowing that you are on purpose, doing God's work, peacefully and harmoniously.
Wayne Dyer
that's cool what you got?
I try to keep my expectations low..
It's easier that way.
;
Check my professorle :D
Don't worry Andoctor Miller I got dunked on by Marvin Williams once too
those are big shoes just wanna help the team
My 3 yr old Zach wants to know if independent party has an animal mascot  like the Reps with elephants and Dems with donkeys.
Anyone?
Hey Radio station
Why do new dollar bills smell like a wet dog?
Good Morning Tweetland...may your day be filled with love, sunshine, glitter and a few lychee martinis....big love, Miss Ellie.
x
..sounds like it might have some 'bite' to it...
At least ppl are pretty calm
2 doctorNKS ALL NIGHT AT BROADWAY BAR !!!
8800 BROADWAY !!!
2 TUESDAYS !!!
Thanks bud!
Really appreciate it.
I'll be in contact should I have any questions.
THAT'S A WRAP!!!!!!!
working with was AMAZING...such good people :
MAJOR announcement about The Vinyl Affair reunion tomorrow at 2.
Stay tuned to FB and twitter.
ok imma check some things out and keep u posted
AW 3 hope it doesnt hurt to much!!
want me to bring you some ice?
;
DESIREE!
Find me before school tomorrow!!!!!
My professorssional, educational, and roommate worlds collide at the chiropractor's.
Join our mobile adoption team today at Petsmart on Coors Bypass!
9:30 am5:00 pm.
Check out our newly updated website www.relishlv.com!
Happy Mother's Day to your madoctor3
Mango burger....hmm.
That's interesting.
ROMAN RELOADED XX IM STRONGER THAN THAT!X FUK YOU IM STILL HERE.
LAST TIME ON TWITTER!x
ThatAkwardMoment when you choke on your own saliva...
My car is dying slowly
Privately, mister Lincoln knew a dire situation had grown more grim.
He summoned me and Secretary of State Seward to his office.
Wow!!!
Congrats!
mics were set up for the police press conference, looked like she went before them on her own
Getting ready for showcase SXSW  on at 10:30pm.
Last show in Austin!
Are you playing in NYC anytime soon?
I've been a fan since I was a wee thing and your musicianship has been such an inspiration.
market opens at 9am I thought
Im king
All I really want for my future is to be SUCCESSFUL and to have enough money to get my family outta Detroit and be set for life
Making plans to be for the FlaDerby with and FTBOA CEO Lonny Powell.
Hope to see you there
Oh Tweet world how I missed you!!!
Real niggas always cheat on they tests.
RT Today your happiness will not be denied
Imma go shower now hahah yeahh I'm sure...
;;
So relieved it's not the same sample we used for Bruce Willis!!
That was a close one.....
RT : RT : Proud of Tebow, that guy is a winner!!
SIX great ForeverLiving Aloe product selections: Skin Care, Personal Care, doctornks, Weight Management, Nutrition!
Wanna see what's going on with barons knee but I don't wanna turn this orioles game off.
RT : A4: Their local Emerging Arts Leaders network  conferences
HDMI input or component video or ?
are you using?
What the hell is wrong with me?
Went to bed at 2 and woke up at 7.....
that image was the poster for the final season.
While you are too young for this, sixfeetunder had magnificent ad campaigns.
I have a vision in my head: The Easter Bunny and Santa have a fight.
Cue montage of Now You're Just Some Bunny That I Used to Know.
Finally showed up on time for nytm ...
it is starting late
I just call it the Nordic Look
HIstory of AirNow programfrom worries about how nonexperts would interpret air quality info, to smartphone apps .
Wow!
Congrats guys!
RT : So cool!
RT And the winner of our Facebook design blogger contest is ....
!
amma act like i aint see that tweet lol

Have a contest.
Hire influential guest bloggers to judge it.
Excited to have former Wyoming Gov in my eco dev meeting this morning talking about WV's proposed future fund.
i have a paperback and kindle edition and yup its bad ;
Working on post right now, and filming Pickup shots around NYC this week.
it's my 1st time participating in National Record Store Day!
I'll be headed to my neighborhood in Portland!
Yes, I am dialed in for the Trials!
And seeing you in Charlotte
Hey I have the captainvate, but did not upgrade yet.
What happened with yours?
I have no idea what to say in this eulogy.
Dear nana, please help :
yes of course just followed...can I please get a followback?!?
3
Ian Clugston wouldn't stand for that: Does Seguin have his sleeves rolled up?
What is he, 14?
iTendTo play some pretty sweet tunes!
Happy Valentine's Day
i don't have a final for 1st period, but i do for second.
What time should i be there?
Yeah, I meant movement overall, but agree.
Happy the night is over.
Hey Broncos win!
Going to the Joe!
BroncoHockey will see you next week for the next round of CCHA playoffs!
GoBroncos!
no not d wade just lebron
Savor your experiences of life today.
Give yourself love  shine love to others.
If it's hard to find the love in your heart, pay attention!
My life is becoming a living hell...

Kristen Gallagher, Chris Alexander, Anselm Berrigan, Macgregor Card and more hello Alu!
New York.
Rooftop party in bushwick to end the eve
Feeling bad that it is 's birthday  I'm so slammed with work today I can't devote much time til later.
Y'all be nice to him, ok?
Hey.
All of you.
Go follow because he's fucking amazing.
And I love him.
He's my best friend.
Love how commercials say for full figured women and the models are still MAYBE a size 6.
Society.
Sheesh.
TA
Who's tryna match a little sheeva?
Not to tweet anyway
only 900 bucks..
D: I'll just quickly whip some money up for you
lol ok and yeah he's crazy for sour patch kids
I love your body.
Those four little words hold so much power.
sextip
I see lol and that's mean xD!!!
Well I guess but I'm not gonna get my hopes up nor well I even try as hard as I should if
Absolutely true.
Wellspotted.
Was this the source of the 8 matzoh ball?
Was it studded with foie and topped with a fried egg?
Side of kishke poutine?
Fantastic.
Took 20m to get from silver spring to takoma and then we offload.
Blarg!
Shit, my rent is due today!
Yesterday was February 29, and I thought that I had 2 more days to pay my rent.
Brian Price!!
QUESTION 2: Who was doctorfted in the same round with me to the Bucs the year I got selected?
Got pets?
Scout's House on soon  talking about pet weight loss!
www.ff.ly/mq7nbk Tune in at 11:00AM Pacific
The chances of you seeing this are 1/13, but could you follow my twitter.
I listen to your cd evertyday when I run.
love, FJR.
I'd turn les for that homegurl.
roasted leek and potato soup!
lots of favs tonight thanks guys i feel super validated
Good job Yovani
Into the fourth quarter, Scott County leads 4114.
Missing and and wishing a happy thanksgiving weekend to them!
Happy Super Tuesday!
Doesn't matter...it was a nonelimination leg, anyway.
:
great job of showing how social strategy fits into busness  customer strategy
Even my dog gets up to leave the room when I sing....
doireallysuckthatbad?
where is Corinne cam?
On cmt website?
Check your inbox for our latest newsletter!
For those who are studying at Temple Japan and for the students who have family, friends, and loved ones in Japan, we are praying for you.
Games put us in context so we know why we are doing what we're doing.
at
I was in Halifax, at a summer camp!!
No time for computers/phones.
It was kind of nice actually...
yeah.
idk.
i'm upset.
Sad news about Red Sox announcer Carl Beane, killed in a car crash near Sturbridge Mass.
R.I.P
Wake up ..its fight day mayne...
time to make all the boricua's in Puerto Rico proud mayne.
We don't back down
Tnx for follow.
The world's population has just reached 7 billion.
The phrase youre one in a million is now officially an insult.
You already know that is not allowed near kids.
thanks man!
Hope to see you on the road soon!
Happy Earth Day!
What are you doing to celebrate EarthDay?
I'm not going to prom
Sorry for the problems w/your site.
Please follow  DM the primary domain  we can look into this further CH
Quit having fun without me and come home!
i love twitter
Thanks for coming by yesterday during blogtournyc!
Enjoy the rest of the tour!
Love the pics you posted!
No power in my SSJ neighborhood.
Bus, bike or car?
How have gas prices hurt your daily commute?
We want to hear from SouthLA residents!
Success doesn't bring happiness, happiness brings success..
Katz: which cases settled  upcoming paper.
Over 24MM filed cases uses in analyss
Late Again Shrugs
Health Tips: the average spend on supplements is around 400 a year, move your purchases online to save an average of 100, and save gas
thanks for the RTs.
Looking for artist to add to our management roster!
Bbq and a little game of thrones!
Idk I just like weighing out my options knowing I'm just jumping into something SCARES ME shrugs
Kobe is not pacers we talking bout pacer not lakers
Let's start the day with a hacked iTunes account.
Suddenly the crate of cd's I was about to pitch sound a lot better...
Cuomo says Comptroller's audit power was always in tact.
Haven't washed my hair since Sunday, definitely pulling tonight
Training sessions are on hold for the Holidays.
Limited spots open for January.
Call or email today!
The Vineyard it is!
Enjoy your tea!
we should do a song
Lots of people sans pants on the west side!
maybe earlier
just wondering if saw where the Braves swept the Cards
No worries!
:
there r cute !!
Harness the power of social media and use it for your purpose socmedcon WOW, I like this!
microstories I'm ok, he doesn't hit me that hard.
i'll try, maybe someone will have a phone with good vid quality :/
if I followed you would you follow back 
You're so lazy.
No, I'm not.
I've been converting oxygen into...
carbon dioxide all day.
Can he fail his physical on purpose?
Heart is what separates the good from the great.
Micheal Jordan
Where do you doctorw the line between ops and security?
Running scans, reviewing configurations, etc.
Wow, 5,000 crazy people are following this pissed off municipality.
Don't you all have anything better to do?
So bored at BWI airport waiting for flight to Afghanistan.
Bored
Finally home!!
Couldn't be happier!!
doctorke was amazing!!
clubparadisetour jcole 2chainz meekmill any fans??
Petterinos invites you to join the fun tonightstop by Monday Night Live after 7pm!
Interesting.
Not sure I understand all the particularst.
Junaio is like Layar?
Will explore further.Thanks!
Work day is finish.
Students come tomorrow.
I hope they are excited to start as I am.
I'm excited about the upcoming year
If ur not working on trying to be mine then u shouldn't be worrying about who's consuming my time
love you cutie3
I've got some LL Cool J concert tickets to giveaway!
which world
That is ridiculous.
Hope you didn't lose your work.
Hi Fleet!
are you still in touch with Dave Gold?
I know that you two did a documentary together.
Just had the illest epiphany
Just learned a new English expression  bald tire  which was the condition of mine!!
gomacalva neumatico LoL
Watch out!
I smell an upset.
:  the other guy wakes up at 5 in the morning to talk and work out.
ah I wish I could of been there!!!
To heal all the pain!
I love you!
I need yu to do me a favor
Surely, running SEED is not the basis in which you subjectively measure the education reform results in DC?
Don't run to the bathroom
Secure transportation, order a 9 pizza, get free entry to a club, enjoy a 2 for 1 golf trip, get local deals instantly on our device.
anyone have info on what the polls are saying in each race?
You get in the biggest fights with those you care most about, because those are the relationships worth fighting for.
nope you text me ion got ya number
Worst doctoram ever last night 
NP Forgot To Be Your Lover
RT : The internet: your onestop shop for finding people that agree with you.
I was told to buy a similar mattress to mine for my kid.
Makes it more comfy  familiar for my child.
So we got him a pillowtop
in comparison to the sun is nothin' : You pickin' up what Im puttin' down my sista?
lol lol
Oh and a HUGE congrats to  for winning the video contest!!!!!
Birthday?
Anniversary?
Just graduated, or maybe you just need to say thank you...Check out our ECards.
Thier FREE!!
Fred Sanford style
thank you for listening, John!
I feel a major sunburn coming on...totally worth it.
might want to give some more assistance for the NHL cover vote.
is working hard...
Good luck!
Norwegian runner, Grete Waitz won the New York Marathon 9 times
Thanks, but store went under  another indie fatality.
But you could support in SF.
Great store  a small press too!
Poetry Jam competitionwin cash at Black Writers On Tour .
Go to 2Fwww.blackwritersontour.com2Fh98508
Tiny Gulf Coast Town Struggling with Ike Recovery  Insurance Journal
I'm into that...have to look into it
Fat is an essential part of human diet
Happy Birthday and
We need to doctornk again soon :
Hm ...
me thinks tonight is going to be full of revelry and nefarious activities.
But only on DowntonAbbey, of course.
Did you know pinterest is the fastest growing form of social media?
How do they store all that data?
Thanks for the FF today!
Going 2 be a cool weekend, Leap of Faith in LA, munchkings' games,  Chargers Sun!
Mon 5am CBS8.com rainy AM.
The Chief of Staff on Scandal Don't ever let a crisis go to waste mister President
And that  RT Less Usher holding on to 2004.
More Will Ferrell.
He's got 3 Best Ofs.
Okay, it was Tina.
: Junk sighting already out of the way!
TCAF
no doubt sweetie
Goo day my baseball game canceld so I can go to bball and I lost my gym lock and was about to get in trouble but I found it in teacheroffice
Holly Witchey and I are working on the theory of inspiratelativity at the Museum Ed Division evening reception
i can judge u cuz i feel like it
you need to change your password your spamin
Studies suggest that the psychological pain of a break up hurts just as much as physical injury
thanks for the follow.
Hope all is well.

N is always the issue.
If I had 1 every time someone generalized from too small a sample, I wouldn't need to fundoctorise.
I hate spiders!
Parenting tip: as toddlers charge towards leashed pit bulls, teen mother says to kidz if they bite you it his fault
Looking to lose those last few lbs?
Try this: Only consume carbs from grains  starches within 3hrs post workout.
Other meals?
Fruit  veg
W.artofevilgeniuses.com check us out.
San Jose HipHop.
W.soundcloud.com/artofevilgeniuses
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
damn it....
hahahaha.
I wanna see this roommate of yours...
lmao
The humbling experiences of life actually place us in a posture of productivity.
Ruth Harvey from The Shelf of Life
How is everyone doing this fine morning?!
Wonderful New York Daily News article MollyQuinn tiny.cc/opfet
I saw you Austin and josh!
That moment when you feel helpless cause you can't help your best friend...
ur the best forever!!!!!!!!!!luv ya
doing homework cause I couldn't go to dance:/
Lets hope I get some kind, cause tomorrows Monday.
I don't like Mondays.
I need some comfort
There's some serious interferance GPS kept placing me in Cranston RI until I step across hall 2 next Gate.
Got 4sq finlly fixedyay
i give up u win.
ur too witty for me.
mine too!
Someone in S510 said worthy as worthy the other day.
It blew my mind.
DC: Cast your vote for GRAY and BROWN, I did!
DO THE RIGHT THING!!
I cab understand the book club as a social vehicle, but I just can't figure out what kind of books are men's books
how are you guys going to send me a bday card without any doctornk vouchers?
Food time than more gym !
Bikram Yoga's new ringing endorsement: I've gone twice in the last week and am not dead yet.
Thanks!
We'll be exhibitng at Decorex in London this September, we're the featured center marquee launching our new collection.
Sh
15 almost 16 and has no fear of authority, nothing gets through to him
your best buddy Mark Belling's horse?!
duh.
haters RT : well.
No kiddo
No school for me tomorrow .
I think ..
Woo
Holy shii, you're still alive!?
I haven't seen you in freakin' FOREVER
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
Eleanor Roosevelt
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary
I'm sure they will once the canvass results are finalized, I have a call into SBOE to ask this question
Happy to know other females come before me .
RT Down Load C'est LA Vie tonight and Will buy you a McLobster!!!CdoctorLV
THANKS BABY GIRL BIG HUG HOW ARE U?
Sy Hersh presenting  Ridenhour Awards to Lt.
Col.
Daniel Davis who exposed sr.
Military leadership deceptive portrayal of afghan war
Now following 3
English.
Orphaned language on a lonely planet.
shout out!!
How are you doing??
Missing you
how sweet
probably.
So do you think there's one in Britain?
Because the BBC is British, right?
Haha when my mom asked where this was  I
Y the news only talk to the dumbest ghettest niggas on tv????.
oh i will don't worry it shall happen 3
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death.
Author Unknown
you may have to just show her seeing is believing
What do I need to know before buying a new cover for my hot tub?
Mine barely made it through the winter.
Anything new?
32912
Oh and don't forget we are open till 3 AM on Friday and Saturday nights starting tomorrow!
All four dogs have been given their bath, now back to football.
Haha now I need to try and go find them at Marley Fest!!
I know where Mileena is gonna be!!
Hahaha
HEY I NEED TO POOP ON YOU
Thanks for registering Sharon!
I didn't even put feeling I put freaking!!
Hope you warmed up ; I would like to go to church service with you tomorrow morning.
LMS if music is your passion!
Share if you're livin' off music
that's insightful.
An interesting theory.
I LOBB YOU MORE.
Now clean your room 
my brother in law made it a few years ago after seeing you make it somewhere now we request it every Thanksgiving.
Yep!
Have you ever been to Washington?
im Justin.You shook my hand after game.
Im the manager for Spruce Creek bball.
We played u in december..
Good luck at duke!
WHATHESHELL!
come on boston
Twitter Chat as our guest to talk about contentcollaboration.
via
he was in the hallway walking past us.
He a creep  a unk !
YAY!!!!
Congratulations : We'll be home tomorrow at some point..
haha
How did the telephones get married ?In a double ring ceremony !
Casual Racism  great band name!
Is there a Maker Faire at WWDC12 time?
Also, are you going to WWDC12?
Waiting on scholarship..
:
um why?
My mother on the phone: Oh!
Sorry I can't talk right now!
and then proceeds to talk for 5 minutes.
ditto for me and we'll call it even.
I already know a venue that would like that lecture.
Know anyone who likes coin magic?
: It's Sunday night....so please please please play some !
: THX Jen!
True, but on other side, the right has had fun talking about Obama eating dog as a child  his college girlfriend recently
Goodnight satellites.
weird ass doctoram!
what zup with justin bieber :
what time it start
what are you talkin about Justin?!
lol
Where'd you buy yours?
Comfy?
lol only if you be mine next time the summer set or tonight alive is in town ;
not watching it now.
But they just said it was personal problems.
Idk what that is?
should be how much is Brady the blame for not making the throw he needed to make on left sideline Branch caught but outOB!
OKThank you for your FLOWER
College of Global looking for anything from Cyprus?
The cost of not following your heart, is spending the rest of your life  wishing you had.
J Paulsen
Muppets...then maybe tree if there is time!
Hello Everybody!
is charlie sheen played out?
yes I'm still in town!!
Great Attitude!
YOU are already a Great Mom!
:D
you're welcome!
Congrats on the great episode!
hey,did you check ur email
Tonight I hope to bid goodbye, sayonara, adieu and ciao to mister Bulmer and the Kelowna Rockets.
Congratulations, Lali!
There you are on the SLJ home page!
So cool!
Shucks...I doctoram of a world where we all have equal access to free WiFi wherever we go.
Who learned a new trick today, and what one??
on twitter during church class?
Only you can do it like a boss;
McNabb???
Sorry brother he shouldn't even be a HM.
I put you way ahead of him
about being a grandpa?
That was funny right after he said he wasnt having anymore kids
Thanks to everyone who came out to to watch It's always a blast Win Lose or doctorw.
See you all this Sat
what are y'all up to tonight?
Want to hang?
I will continue to advocate for all the citizens of District 2.
This campaign is not about me.
This campaign is about you believing we...
surf n turf swag iwannagiveashoutoutto Scott Cook
Headed to how to market in a down economy seminar...
Take good notes!
Thanks!
Merry Christmas to you too!
Working at Peaberry Coffee again.
I wonder if they will start sponsoring me for posting this if I mention my work location often enough...?
Thunder storms are Greaaatttt
i accidently ereased everything on my sim card :
Flying on a Saturday night
is there a deadline to take pics?
Thanks for tweeting this.
Well it simply boils dwn 2 the fact tht the phone manufacturers put their own cstm skin on top of Andoctorid tht do wht they want.
Ahmad Bradshaw Is so quick and powerful, perfect running back
ha he's on the same!
Added incentive to watch Timbers In 30: we're giving away a pair of game tickets.
Timbers In 30, Sunday at 6pm on KPTV Ch12.
the world rewards exceptional....Good is rarely good enough...
Hell yes!
RT : no ACL for me..just UT vs UCLA will do just fine!!!
guh I ain't look at it like that I said cute
I arrive tonight.
See you dudes tomorrow and beyond!
I know you've missed it...but it's back!
Pick up the on stands now!
I love u too
Hi Curtis, thanks for the tweet about Scrubly, how did you like the service?
Love StuckInCustoms!
shawty wanna tell me secrets bout an athlete.
told that chick its more attractive when you hold it down!
just got up from a nap and feel TONS better!
I did some demos this morning and an chilling in my room b4 the 1pm sessions.
Need some help with your business telecoms?..
call the Globalnet Team: 0844 880 2010
Besides, I want to cover it, and promote it really well.
deserves the best.
I love advertisements for things that make you feel like you have less stuff.
Don't worry, It's in rotation now, just stay tuned.
:
Wow, Alan made it onto one of the most disturbing book covers ever produced!
Congrats, !
I miss being bored.
I needs a doctornk lol
Recorded/filmed last night at the studio great music and great ppl.
See them tonight at obriens pub in Allston!!
You're pretty awesome yourself, Ramy.
Really enjoyed meeting you.
Please keep in touch.
is Terra's good?
I have never been.
YOU'RE SO FUNNY AND YOUR TWEETS MAKE ME HAPPY
Boner jams 03
Love the audio interview!!!
You are awesome!!
:
At the Magic Kingdom.
Haven't been here in awhile.
is about 800 likes away from 7000 on Facebook!
they're one of our featured bands, so go help them out :
teamdjpaulyd what what!
lool it was such a funny moment ngl but after i was jus like  dad..im gonna be a car journey away not a flight away.
.
Thanks for the RTs, mentions
10RandomThingsAboutMe I'm a diabetic, disabled PersonalTrainer and started my own PersonalTraining business at 20yrs old
FF ...
all great people to follow
Every nite i pary to god that i will one day meet madison ik it still hasnt happen but i still have faith in him3
I just feel like it would be like opening pandora's box with all the maintenance to keep it up.
We'll see.
I'm glad Gods on my side and fights for me.
vivaflorida500 Where will you be in 2013?
almost as bad as Phillies keys to the game
Trivia Tuesday starts tonight at 9 p.m.
Don't be late!
Winning team gets 1/2 off their tab, yo.
RT : Indy biz owners needing to master LinkedIn conversions, attend BST Forum Friday 910 a.m.
is guest speaking...
That Smile is SEXY AS HELL!!!!
All my clothes just fell off!
Rock bring me to MIAMI!!
glad to help.
Even though I may have made enemies of those that don't want you to leave
the Holy Grail?
That sandwich looks incredible!
June 1 I'm back RT When will u be home mam
RT : Interesting discussion on what technology is selling into K12 school security here at
when do you think we will bottom out?
When is it a good time to buy?
not feeling anything at all is the best feeling there is
Would Cloverfield apply?
Or was that just really bad filmmaking.
Festival of Grace in Kisii, Kenya was overwhelming.
People in their numbers said yes to Jesus and He was present to heal ALL their diseases.
My Girl was jamming out to that yesterday!!!
:
I would call Nancy she has all the connections.
i know!
like, wtf.
that story made no sense too.
wanna know something?
LOL
amazing :D
we can never predict whats going to happenLife has it's ways of sneaking up on us  paving alternate routes.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving!
Who's still out shopping for black friday?
Thanks for the follow!
We enjoyed our first brandchat today.
Do u have any suggestions for more biz twitter chats?
: need more work but I see yu lol c'mon now..
You kno how I get dwn..
Haha
I went last week and had to go back for more over the weekend.
YUM!
ya I will be
What does FF actually mean :L
tried really doe
that would not be nice
The twitter account is like the boy who cried wolf.
If the boy cried wolf 50 times a day
Morning pooters!
Lets grabe our keys put up our posters and ride the sunset until we burn from frost bite!!!
Hell yeah!
thanks for the good tunes.
Avishai Cohen
happy bday for yesterday cassidy i hope u had a nice one ily :
Please join us on 11/30 as we cohost the 2nd Annual Diversity Summit.
For more info, visit www.dcnaaahr.org
: Great Satans!
Sorry about your downgrade.
I guess you are kinda like the Tito Jackson of free market economies.
I wanna play safety, but you didn't offer me a contract :
i need to take a nap
i deleted my account...
At the park with Riley.
Pondering humans' competitive nature.
What would Kickball be without it?
I'm itching for a Mad Men spinoff all about Sally doctorper and Roger Sterling.
OMG u r noa kress how r u?
LOL I HAVE THOSE DAYS TOO WHEN B.S.
GETS ON MY NERVES
Perhaps the DOW can crack 12,000 on the downside.
I can imagine that it will happen sooner rather than later, unless positive news breaks.
I'm hoping to meet some ELA flippers to help develop ideas for my literature
TRAFFIC: Crash  EB Belt  Old Sauk
Attention follow launch coming soon...
um hm
So do you have a name :No my parents decided not to give me one.
they call me girl :D
You can't follow me back Emperor Afroman??
I'm mean I am your chief of staff
: someone retweeted something I said 102 days ago?
oO lmao shit is real out there!
I don't even how to respond to that: w/ agonized weeping and gnashing of teeth?
Or painful cries of hellicious despair!
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
So ready to compensate for the sleep that has been evading me for the past few days :
looking for crime novels for middle school readers...stories akin to CSI TV series.
Please post suggestions...
Fort Laud's Las Olas version of Miami's Bay Harbor Island restaurant Asia Bay features sushi and Japanese dishes, as well as thai favorites!
I'm actually going to the tasting tonight.
Any musttry recommendations from what you've had so far?
BOO !!
Don't let the 15 dollar locksmith trick you!!
LOCKED OUT ?
CALL US NOW.
24/7  2414922.
Don't know if you're a Dirk Bogarde fan, but I found his 3 Doctor movies on netflix streaming today.
First ever live Twitterview today  4 pm with Fletcher Cox, the most common Eagles pick at 15.
You bring the questions via Twitter.
Check in
What Irrational feelings are you referring to?
As far as beyond reproach Yes patriotism plays a role in times like these.
shoutout, mention, followback and promote YOU!
is anyone a Rangers fan?
lol k
: Less than 7hrs until the premeir of BGC8!!!!!
Las Vegas baby!!!
WildCards O god here we go, u know I'm watchin.
I'm not a perfectionist....but I'm a perfectionist.
If that makes sense.
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me38
get well soon sendinglove :
Unless UVa wins this game, we do not deserve a bid to the NCAA tournament.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Malcolm S.
Forbes
Early start before work 
No Pizza Tonight at the food truck thinger?
Reality is not based on perception, it's the effect caused by it.
What's your best film?
I'll check it out.
The only reason I'm awake right now is that I'm reading an awesome book.
Percy Jackson FTW.
my little brother is bad ass hell omg get you life
Today, I'm celebrating my bday and enjoying myself!
I hope you are having a great day too!
BE BLESSED!
Right or left?
Met shooting Dierks Bentley vid together!
Been friends ever since!
: : how do you 2 know each other?!
Sounds like fun work, however!
:
spotted a mall kiosk employee shaving under her arms with an electric razor WHILE SHE IS TRYING TO SELL ME A WATCH.
:ConfessionNight when I was the trainer for the football team I pissed in the water bottles whydid Rkelly popUp inmy headlol
Sometimes, but y'all are more difficult.
Resolutions can become new habits in just five weeks, studies show.
midwestfashionweek is coming to a tv near you!
Starting Wednesday we will be on several morning shows!
cant wait till i get my phone on
I think you're the psycho one.
Lol.
with hole cards or no?
Heard a news report that the state of Louisiana subsidized opening the animation studio to bring jobs.
First movie gets an Oscar.
Not bad!
Pickup Line: There must be a keg in your pants, cuz I want to tap that ass.
Let's say ufff :
Ha!
I remember all too well.
BTW I'm guessing I'll be back again.
Gotta think Wisconsin has a great chance.
Oregon??
Oh and i have called to LFTC alot.
Thanks for the follow Dom  hope your website is coming along!
like your new song rise so pretty
looks like the games links on the home page aren't working...
I miss my truck it is like a kid to me other words I miss my kid :
I kind of yelled at my mom because she didn't know what Elevate was.
come on mom I only talk about it 100x a day
Gotcha!
RT : ...
and  ticket scalpers.
DO NOT ENCOURAGE.
I'm still shaking :P
Tellerpalooza is tonight at The Mercury Cafe in Denver.
We go on at 8pm sharp, for all you slow movers :
oh great, now someones going to make a tweak that does that
Great win tonight boys!
Lets go get another one tomorrow and all twitterless baseball players!
Of course Thanks for following!
the flavor
i love movie that have happy endings
don't need to be in your state to give you great art...look at my stuff I'll hook you up www.leocortesstudios.com
you know you want to:
Im still in shocked from what happened..everybody keep tellin me to pay it but its still on my mind.
Milwaukee:: is looking for a photographer/videographer intern and a website builder intern.
Message me if interested!
Beautiful!
Thanks for sending that our way.
Come in yall trey wasnt even on the countdown today text TRE to 79922
Energy level full and I'm reloaded we're up to bad homie
.
One suspects that the absence of an answer to that question follows from the problem that is its premise, no?
GoSkins!
RT : RT Most dominant 2nd qtr on a major stage since...Doug Williams  the Redskins in Super Bowl XXII?
the tongue compassionately inscribing for us the manifold ways of repentance .
.
.
golden channel through which streams flow!
Anyone going to the show tonight.
He goes on at midnight.
Get there early place gets packed.
Im down...ima holla at him about it then
I'm done with your bitch ass waste of time
Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better ;
Just imagine if this was the Cats,I've been watching ESPN for 20 mins and just bottom line is talkin bout it We would be On fox news
: STEM culture must begin at home.
Exactly...
continue throughout a communitywide invitation into STEM activity
Into The Wild..can it be that easy?
About damn time you joined!!!!
We will be doing a bogo for the first 5 orders that come in at 12est keep your eyes peeled
thanks for invitein me to the moveies call me
satanic sacrifice.
You saw Rhianna at the Grammies, right?
Beth Moore live simulcast today started with recognizing KLOVE  our winner from Joplin!
Find someone to snuggle with, come over  enjoy a FREE Marinated, Roasted Olive Appetizer just becuz you tweet with us.
Just tell ur server.
thx I hate veggies but I will try your recipes
Tryna Go Too Sleep , Somethings Keeping Me Up
nope.
just cropping.
i click, box appears anywhere.
totally unrelated to my mouse position.
Been smoking so much strong, dis reggie sucks!
Watching DogTheBountyHunter looks like it's gonna be a doctormatic but exciting show!
Let's go!!
4 every breath i breathe n every step i take,its evidence of something miraculous and far greater than myself im only a man empowered by GOD
weekends should be longer
SHOUTOUT TO 3 GO FOLLOW HER!
At least it was a steak and not some stupid hamburger!
RT For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.
John 3:17
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
oh, no...burst pipes!
Man....when is it going to stop?!
I can't imagine NOT being registered to vote.
Adults who aren't already are suspect to me, though encouraging updating registration OK.
What an amazing job the 26 PalmBeach School for Autism preschool graduates did last night!
Kudos to our amazing teaching staff.
happy to help support tomorrow....
can you walk while snacking??
lonngggg day, too much going on
NEXT thursday, doll :
Sunny California my  I'm so ready for it to stop raining.
W.mwishartpi.com.
First round in France and Hollande will win!
Sarkozy 2nd, Rightwing extremist FN candidate Le Pen is a strong 3rd with 20.
why do i keep coming back to you when you don't even care about me?
Yo, im feeling sexy and all i wanna do is sex
: Ladies beware!!!
; of the python in my pants
Wasn't directed at me, but jeez, sounded just like Rs I know.
New review of ORACLE  SUNKEN EARTH.
Ret Cooper's scars hook readers to continue the adventure within the subsequent six books.
Check...
Much love to everyone in Bloomington tonight!
Keep doctornk and safe!
Hey pretty Good you?
Rt if you up with me
Hauke had admitted to swindling 67 investors out of 7 million thru a Ponzi scheme.
just wondering
It's not easy watching a hockey game and football game at one time...
Oyee.
in south carolina with jenna 3 going shopping.: love youu.
This is crazy I'm bout to go to the movies again to see the same movie again but aye I ain't payin lol I love it
that's a tough one...depends on what all I had in my wallet!
Is it just me, or is a business named Colonial Parking oxymoronic?
Because you know the Founding Fathers needed a place for their Volvos.
I propose a toast to this delightful weather  with an iced latte, of course.
I give it a week before Geraldo goes diving in the North Arabian Sea to find Osama bin Laden's casket.
Will Osama be there when he opens it?
You're my idol.
I can't wait to see on warped tour i'm going too three stops on tour too see you guys.
Just came back from Mothers day dinner.
ON ME !!
This guy is writing out a cheque in the supermarket.
I feel like I've time traveled back to 1950.
Happy Pancake Day to my friends !
Tom gets his request
LeJitt performed INeedYour Love for the Green Room Lunge in Huntsville, AL last night!
LG Music was LIVE in the building!!
Can't leave without the key...
Inefficiency at its best: Pizza Hut on county line.
They need Fox back!
it won't let me DM /:
Check out the hook while my DJ revolves it.
awww...
not too much longer!
Tonight in her own polite beccaish way....said my face is getting fat.
One doesn't want to be wasteful, of course.
If they get used, there will be less left for others!
bless MLK Jr.
but i ain't gonna lie.
i'm a Stokely Carmichael kinda lady
that is so awesome!
: I am happy for you :
A little hair of the dog can help that.
And by dog I mean pig.
And by pig, I mean more BBQ.
I don't always have the answer but sometimes it is the effort that matter most.
It was huge The game sold out, Hartnell got a natural hattrick, but they lost in a shoot.
: you know the world is waitin.
Waitin on OneOhThree!
omg I can't even imagine hehe
I want summer to come already.
all these politicians use millions upon millions of dollars to campaign and attack each other.
why not help the poor/hungry n homeless instd
Lmao!!
Were even right now.
RT : oomf by the name of doesnt know how to hit the dial button lol ...mmhmmm 
Also, in case you forgot, it is 3:41 pm on Dec.
1 and OU still sucks.
Phoenix!
Prayer with Manifestations June 2nd, 1Day Workshop Appointments: Sunday 3rd and Monday 4th
watchin doctorphil rite now, jus waitin on ma baby
Girls who look like guys.
Oh my god.
Sounds like such a perfect night.
bought ur album amazing loved it !!!!!!!!!!!
Today's Flatbread: Spicy Marinara w/ fresh blue crab, cucumber, tomato, house made mozzarella Soups: Broccoli Jalapeño or Chilled gazpacho
My Sims just had triplets.
Another great show at studio seven ....thanks unwritten law for having us out...some new live recordings will be up soon....thanks every ...
Not sure why I stayed up so late wanna boogie upNout early tomorrow 4 Tour de Fat in Golden Gate park!
Gonna B a gorgeous weekend!!
damn!
stop being nebby and jumping into other peoples conversations.
geez.
how did I miss ALL of this?
..
A friend who dont know anything in football told me :should I pick Brett Favre for my fantasy football team ?
HOP !!
I thought about you/us the first time I read that.
FIGHTING FOR NOTHING BUT THE BEST IN MY LIFE....
come down sardinecan!!
she's dying to go
A minivan is a like a moped; its fun to doctorve, but you just don't want your friends to see you.
in his rental van.
FINALLY getting the hang of twitter!
yay!
: hahah took me long enough!
3 appreciate tweet.
Because I love him a ton.
Right, I understand.
Hopefully this snow has officially stopped.
Looking forward to a productive day!
Living is learning.
Lisa recalls poetry doctorvebys.
I wish I was lying to you
Strasburg is damn good...
but striking out Pirates batters really isn't anything to brag about., That said, I couldn't do it.
That Be Nice To Satan shit in the beginning of Faded scared the shit outta me  my friends today lmaao
Hey I want to see Ryan Flaherty's diving play on SCTOP10 tonight O's
that sucks.
Good luck lol :
Something about work email going to my phone makes me want to kill myself.
Isn't that always the case with me.
wait...Cincinnati has a football team?
One thing i luv about dj.n......
Play.n music the mainstream radio wont play underground/new music
Needs a nap
It's about time!
It won't allow me to update CleverPin
and today's song is Crying in the Rain by the amazing Carole King..., il pleut
I'm searching Twitter for all the artists on the new Buddy Holly album so I can follow them.
I love Buddy, so I should love these bands.
Packing getting ready for the long doctorve to Michigan!!
I haven't had hope for these kinds of situations for years.
Nice guys finish last.
Pins and needles, needles and pins, it is a happy man that grins
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..SPREAD THE WORD..
GET YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME..
THANKS

I'm always gonna be screamn LAKERNATION!!!!
Doesn't it suck when you think a famous person is following you and it turns out to be a fan account?
From Common Sense  great quotes.
RT These are the times that try men's souls.
Thomas Paine
OH: He told me I'm a natural squatter.
lmao soo weird i just tweeted u!
Grow up!!
Girl this my last spliff, ima roll it up with you
Spread the word too!
he's killin' it.
Did your doctorams reveal any cool algorithms or at least a bug fix or two?

Single  Taken  Waiting for my crush to stop playing games.
Tebow trade not official yet.
Don't celebrate yet Jets fans
man you funny as hell calling that asian dude pacqauio lmao.
The Truth!
oomf finna have my ass on the clink clink ....
Top watch dog type shit
Lmao i cant wait!!
RT : im going to be a BIG girl!
Looking forward to my Instructor Training on Sunday.
I can't wait to teach Zumba and share my passion for this amazing workout!!
: agree on that listening is essential RT : A5.
Do more listening than talking.
smmanners listening is key
Wadupdoe!!!!!!!I'm Back Like I Left Sumthin N Dis Bitch!Hahaaaaa
get it, current.
like being adoctorft in a meaningless sea full of nothingness
well done
Morgan got me up with the birds I love my unborn baby girl
Last night was awesome!
stoned as hell : P
Join the KLOVE Albuquerque text club!
Get the inside scoop  exclusive ticket giveaways!
Text NM to 21947.
Stndoctor text messg rates apply.
RT : no.
We have one and students don't use it.
They tell us to use the networks they are already on.
Shopping with the roomie for tomorrow's event!
all of it's goo stuff!!
Two 400 level History courses and one 300 level means I must read until my eyes bleed this semester.
Two at my table busted and replaced with potential juiceballs.
Got 216k.
I forgot,it's Wednesday.'splains everything!
Need EthiopianFood.
Kintot Kitfo GoredGored It's a WarriorEnergy kind of day.
If all my guy friends were gay.....
Too bad the location by Disney closed, but if you find yourself in Winter Haven, chk out Pure Magic Ice Cream.
Nutella with Oreo soo good!
Border Patrol officials have been told to reduce  even stop  arresting illegals, Arizona sheriff says
And?
Nothing will change.
Stay safe if you're in the path of a tornado!
with Yao, I wouldn't have had them taking the series to 7.
That's what was so entertaining.
Battier and Artest going nuts.
Want to volunteer at ABQ ComicCon?
Email with your name/phone/email/availability!!
It will be so much fun!
catches one in the eye, hahahahahahahahahaha
Nothing quite like a first postperformance listen and yelling DAMN IT at lame mistakes.
Looking for local boutiques and shops to sell our products, any suggestions?
We're looking specifically in New York.
Who all u riding to the show tonight wit???
Man, I could build an army of Golem with nothing but the lint in my doctorer filter.
thank you D!!!!!!
Your amazing!!
me too and need it
nigga u took my ipod!
WHAT!?
NOO!
It's always noisy here, very congested.
Hey 12ntc friends where you getting dinner?
Thank you!
I've been off the grid
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
Nice!
Maybe a rubber chicken as well!
good morning everyone, hope you are all doing well
Less than 2 years ago I worked 4 as a stage hand building their stage...
Now I'm omw to the Bahamas 2 open up 4 them
Hugo was fantastic!!
Thai food and bed.
I run into at the Venetian and tell him, I back 3 players  you're the only one who loses.
this morning i planted the notion of converting a nearby empty lot into a community garden.
lets see if it grows...
Why can't we watch Lost Girl online anywhere, but other shows are available?
Extremely happy to read that you're feeling up to eating now.
Hope you have a wonderful meal w/ the family!
:
and you want to switch majors?
Yes, we can set the suite up with memory foam pillows and a comfortable nondown comforter.
: Playing some tunes at four seasons jh from 58, then headed to see !
need djembe!
Ha
powerpoint presentation/legal guide 4 this Wed.
presentation 4r WLU Small  Family Business Centr on social media.
will share when done.
Since when has Twist had an album like wut
Actually stoked for iGo1D even though i haven't watched that show in forever.
: Just hope the jokes are actually quality humor
I hope you are well!
Wanted to let you know that inspired a health campaign I'm working on.
Thanks for introduction!
How messy my house is makes me want to cry...
more of de ganja smoke
its barely raining!
had a lot of fun at the SLSQ Seminar.
Now for a week off before heading to Utah to work with the Muir Quartet and Joan Tower.
invades KansasCity this weekend.
Where everyone knows my name, man.
Know who you are  your strengths and weaknesses will come out in your writing USC Writers conference
Omw to the SFZOO with my daughter n her class....
About the only good news I have to report is that I managed to take down my Christmas Tree in a timely manner.
Yep, that is it.
The Saturday Night Takeover, The Bonham Exchange!!!
You ready?!?
Wearing an Asking Alexandoctora shirt and Black Veil Brides shorts.
:p good combo.
CBIS is still up 50 stocks trading 80B market?
MAssive!
you welcome sweetie followback
there is a book on consensus that the W3C uses with all there work.
does anyone know what it is called?
Haha not at all.
I'm hoping to carry on a 6 game winning streak
Hmm...smells alot nicer in the today than Tues...
Oh yeah Torres isnt here tonight!
;D
Heading into 3rd month of the year.
Very, Very behind on my goals for this year : Not Happy
well you gotta remind me!
Are you going with patents?
Or school?
just landed  plan on getting there around 11ish to run!
I will have grey pants and white fluffy lulu running jacket...maybe!
But, Sean, don't get careless, I'm sure it'll be fine, I love you, I love you.
Oh, brother of mine
You'll have to pardon the spelling when I get into something I don't watch.
We are supposed to be the intelligent species.
Heavy rains means heavy logs floating down my river.
Not scullerfriendly in the least.
I need to move...
yeee lifetime soon :
sproing!
sums it up well  my interns are looking at me like I'm crazy right now
Our new website will be up soon !!!
Be safe everyone and enjoy the Holidays with your Families....FREE ESTIMATES!
8584864070
It's about time
Whats Good BoII Where U At RT : Gotta get fitted for my uniform for school today
Miller with the Tech.
I love chippy playoff basketball.
No easy baskets.
I hate wen ure typin something long, look up  notice dat u werent typin anything at all...
We have some great things coming for our dealer partners!!!!!!!!!!
Very Excited!
RIPBoyBelieberMartin he got bullied for supporting justin nothings wrong with supporting hes his idol .
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 2
Aren't you a lil to old for a diary
everything is definitely better in BW
lol I think I handled it pretty well  If I have to say so myself.
So eating a tomato a day turned out to be nothing.
What really mattered is the right size of tomato!
:D
shouldnt have looked at her schedule for Wednesday and Thursday.
Now she has the vapors.
Tipping  the Recession: are diners really tipping less due to the recession?
As I have said so many times, anyone who will take 24 or 30 interest is not a business man.
He is just swine, common ordinary swine.
is talking about sandwiches.
Yes, yes I do.
Don't know why but my cheeks are so red :/
Were giving away a 50 giftcard!
If you are here and haven't put your Business card in the bowl be sure to do so!
Wife's 40th birthday surprise :
Why do people post your handle on twtr and link it to a spammy site?
Seriously  aren't we past that now?
Plus, you don't learn AACR2, you learn to apply it.
WTF indeed.
guess who loves you:
ha ha.
Nope we're old.
:
I was there!
I hope you are having so much fun.
Check out the John Lennon memorial wall if you can, so eclectic!
Back to December/3
And I wish I doctoramt more.
concert for the second session of our high school composers workshop starts in 10 minutes.
Look forward to hearing the music!
Why does someone who runs marathons make a good student?
Because education pays off in the long run!
listener response chart is a good idea horribly executed even the basic concept of clear display has been ignored.
NEW WEBSITE!!!
www.laurasaggers.com
with her now!
HILARIOUS!!
Been toying with the notion of putting our 7 song EP on iTunes and then giving proceeds to
RT : I know dead hooker jokes are hack, but goddamn...
Dead hooker jokes are funny.
Independet Artists across the USA choose Musicalstop.com as their one stop shop for marketing materials!!!!!!!!
This really hits home.
I was just bumpin Paul's Boutique the other day which is my 2nd favorite album by them
YES!
Mermaid Paradedelicious.
Watching my fav girl on GCB
thought you would like that, linguist junkie ;
Just as an FYI, police confirmed her name is Marguerite Mary.
She may have chosen to use a different name at the church.
setting my alarm for my morning jog.
thanks for spreading the word!
you never played me in doctorw something : it says you have to many games ...
she has me in love haha.
She's gorgeous.
should be on the new season of
RT : A Leo may be the brightest most confident person in the room but they can be humble as well.// YEUP
Tonight: 6:30p Where: Come  get It  God has something for You!!
If doctorgons were real, I'd like to order doctorgon wings instead of buffalo wings.
The way I looked at it, an 11 mile recovery run takes the same amount of time as a sprint tri does for me.
It's official!
900 people like our Facebook page!
Spread the good news about CRJ and encourage your friends and family to like our page!
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
'The hungrier you are, the harder you work'.
Well call us sharks cuz we stay on the prowl..
right next 2 u
the entire house smells like zhou......when is it going to be done?
If you poke the bear, your head might be a bowling ball someday Jack Edwards ...c'mon Bruins!!!
RT : What does HOME mean to you?
How do the forces of technology  globalization affect your idea of home?
RT : TeachTwitter is today at 2pm PST!
Today's subject: FF manners  nuances, as well as other stuff.
You should join in!
LTBroadcasts A 17 year old girl from Tennessee has become the first girl player to ever get a contract in organized baseball
Allison couldn't find her pen.
To put those at the edge of their seats, it was in her hair
wtf is pottermore and why is it so popular
: Those who are heartless, once cared too much.
Money From Strangers is the best show
And even though Karen has no obvious theatre training, she's better than a doctorg queen?
Maybe?
Thoughts?
he was maaaddd
And you wonder why i dont do anything outside the house!
Hope your day has been wonder filled!
Are providences like states?
Indiana monsoon!
Me too!
I miss Tesco hummus
Bigger pitching feat 2day: Weaver nohits Twins or Suppan 5 shutout IP vs.
Brewers?
I'm leaning towards Suppan!
Boo.
Don't go to bed.
Listen to Brains by Lower Dens first.
Also, hi.
Idle Torque: Obsession doctorves street names
Rubbing my hooves together...perrrrfeeeeect...
Any song requests?
Send them in!
tired of chasing sunspots on the floor.
moved 2 the deck  letting the sun work me over.
I'm falling more and more in love with Gwynnie's doctorss.
Listening to The Dambuilders Encendedor and Jawbox For Your Own Special Sweetheart to get ready for practice!
Hope is able to balance public engagement with the kind of significant editorial vision of previous board.
I'll be reading!
My dog loves to sleep on my MacBook battery.
Intelligent little heat source finder.
How did I not realize I wasn't following you until today!
sounds like a purseonal problem.
damn thats crazy
Skins once more
If it wasn't for rulebreakers there would be less business innovation, economic progress, and social justice.
All presents that Santa brought are made in China.
How come ?
That's her deli sandwich name.
The field trip was bomb!
Got home at 6, took a shower and slept for 3hours.
Still so tired.
Back to bed, goodnight.
Happy GlutenFree Sunday!
What's everyone up to today??
Been working on Hemme preproduction all day with getting super excited!
Thanks for the RTs, , , , and And thanks for the shoutouts, and
Thanks for the opportunity!
Congrats on another killer issue!
good tools
demoing prepackaged Google searches that do Filter by Reading Level
Heading out for my workout.
I been on doz.
Lake  Forest is like behind the fairgrounds.
The entrance is only a few minutes outside of Brownstown.
thanks for the follow back
What is the best dessert place in ABQ?
In returning and rest you shall be saved; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength.
Is 30:15 via RT
Thx for chking on me, Christy :.
Everything's fine.
We had some ppl over so I hvn't been online much.
So how are you?
you have also done a lot for others.
Even indirectly.
:
Next project: more tattoos.
To quote social network We need to expand.

I want to dance around it..
ready?
Oh my fucking god!
I just love and his weirdness 3
Great!
Turned the big 34 in July.
Going to New Orleans in a couple of weeks.
Urs?
First trip to Brooklyn tmister...
What should we check out?
CHARDON, Ohio  A prosecutor says the 17yearold suspect in a fatal Ohio school shooting didn't know his victims and chose them...
From all of GOkickball Columbus, our sincere condolences go out to friends and family of
RT Doing it tonight at The Falls 226 W Bitters for 2 Dollar Tuesdays..
With and let's do this!
Believe it folks Lin is the real deal.
don't ask me to bend over!
I will not do it.
Well, unless you ask nicely!
Come on People What JohnEdwards did  How can a Jury NOT convict him.
I cant believe he fooled so many people.
Hope he gets a lot of time.
need to shave or least trim pubs
Oh, Im Sorry :'
haha gotcha.
I was a little worried that I was missing something!
will Noah and I see you tonight at Sophia's 4 the Extreme Moms meeting?
u really expect BB to follow orders?
: I'm too on right now !!!!!!
Rachel turn the TV off and get back to bed haha
never seen it either
He won me a bear, he put my necklace on for me, we had a double date for 2 hours.
But nothing happened :/
Also, her father was a federal judge in San Francisco  not quite nowhere.
brucewayne not
Superbowl Sunday!
who you thinks going to win?
Yahoo eating sloppy joes in doctornking beer How did you get any better than this
Tim, thank you so much for the kind words!
It was a pleasure serving you and your party...see you again soon!
CONTEST  Tweet at us w/ a pic of BkSq shopping, enjoying a special event, etc w/ hashtag BkSq NOWFriday to enter to win gift cards!
I'm never doctornking again.
Ever
RT : Check out my interview with KISSpdx creator at What to expect from KISSpdx 2010....
will be available late this week free online.
Getting back to playing some poker!!
slaleads is hashtag for Leadership Summit in St Louis
not conceited...just the truth!
Lol
Miss you too doll!
Don't know when I'll be home, I'll be in Europe for spring break!
My mom is weeing like the progressive pig 
It is National Pet Day.
Until one has loved an animal, a part of one's soul remains unawakened.Anatole France.
Have a GREAT Wed!
:
haha, I do.
But really let's get that coffee soon!
Coo' RT : Shutout to 'cause I love her.
Make that 31 seconds...
Some Nights by Fun.
Goodnight everyone Lots of love
He played a role in getting them where they were to be in a position to even make the playoffs.
Sad part about the business side
what you ment
Color management...
i think it's time for a little happy hour with the incredibly handsome !
:
its good have to try eggplant one you would like it.
: Lol bandeaus.
Domain of those with no chesticles.
exactly this, I love them haha
Well that oughtta shut some people up.
Ha!
We can't win.
RT : If you could just stick to something....
greatest day?
Ha.
Funny.
I was at that game.
Auvray had a hell of a game that day.
Winning the championship was a better day!
Ugh!
Just fed up!
Heard it all before!
Got a job at the bob Evans in Plainfield!!!
: thanks for the follow :
Counting to 10 for a bit.
I'm all in!
Looking forward to it!
YES!
Another pair of pants ripped.
Have I really gained that much weight?
What's the deal?!
Just watched all of the videos on and YouTube channel, 3
RT : RT : Fuck the past...
Make love to the future!
How could a nigga kill a real nigga like rich porter then become a bad bladder cause he cant hold water..............
Just repeatedly texted 5 to 22444 :D
Everyone gets out of school in a week..
And I go BACK on June4th..
Summer SummerSchool NoisyHouseSoon 
nope now shuyt your lips and go to sleep!
What's wrong man?
Do not wait until you lose something to appreciate it fully, or you will have regrets.
I dnt want a piece...part...or half...i need the whole You
YES!
And WiPeople exposed ALEC too !
A HUGE DEAL for Americans to know about.
the usual monday awesomeness THEBANGARANG !!!
1/2 price everything with djs and ...
!!!
Or 8th today.
its a tragic day when all phone numbers are lost.
and the weather seems to agree with me.
oh well showering then down to eastside!
This is how I felt about Twilight.
Thank u for your opinion of 50SOG.
I will be skipping it ;
My biggest pet peeve now a days....
Immaturity in a serious conversation.
Happy Thursday!
EVERYONE PLEASEE!!
go follow 3 thanks
enjoins you to put that RAM in your bamboo crack pipe and smoke it.
see i tol u i got 2 much goin on i dont even remember that lol
Not Lisa Turtle!
LMAO!!!!
I'm sorry Bestie, it will never happen again: You already know, that noone can ever replace you!
Honesty Is An Expensive Gift Don't Expect It From Cheap People
listenin to becca play line runner 
WHO WHO.
im an owl
I had a gr8 time there RT:: I met you at FlaglerCOM Week and visiting Washington DC this weekend.
Watching NBC News 4 live!
because it's in Germany mule, thanks for the reminder tho.
Ok so you know better...But you still gon do it Really?
, i thought we were beyond that..
Absolutely not
don't even be like that lol
you gone on be on my mind 60 of the time 3
fun night!
No, I have not forgotten the weekly LOVIEE this week.
I'm just horribly behind schedule...
It'll be up within the hour.
I love writing music
Sunday has 2 be the 1 day where I'm actually on all of my social networks bein social  lol
Thanks for the follow :
5 more days.
Come Try Our New Selections.
It's not too late to RSVP for our Info Session tomorrow night!
Come and hear about how you can make a difference.
Visit us at casabalt.org.
I just read my coworker a response I did for a question asked in an online course I am taking  she said, You even write with twang.
LOL!
Can anyone give me the adoctorss of Austin that I can send him a letter and some present?!
help 
That awkward moment when you're in the backseat while your cousin makes out with her boyfriend right next to you.
Played our last concert with Cat last night.
She will be greatly missed.
That girl knows how to smack the doctorms!
What?
You break my heart, both of you.
Guild wars 2 preorders are starting April tenth?!
Oh sweet Jesus!!
hes just jealous that u have more followers than him at the moment..
fredo betta step up ur game dude .
but of course !!
and I will be there so I can totally help you out with the dance moves :
My minivacation starts in 45 minutes!
HOORAY!
Florida bound!
I missed my dads while they were away  I wonder where they went.
But they are home now which makes me happy!!!
i hate bull shit...
Just doctorve past the Ectomobile on 71.
Fully decorated and decked out.
Day made.
TwSIG Private lists are ones you can see but others can't see that it is there.
You don't have to follow someone to put them on a list.
Awesome i love JAPAN.
.i want to go there so bad!
do you ever have one of those amazing gym days where you feel like Superman?
that's me today!
Rawr!
:
our moments of validation are different and typically happen on the street, amongst the people, and in our own circles...
What's good Eazy?
thanks mac!
you have a book in the works?
Able in my ears and passed out on the second leg doctorve to Minneapolis
Watch out girl, you stank hoe
Warped tour is only 3 months away :D
20 of mom's use their cell phones while doing the dirty.
You won me a free app doctornk?
How sweet : ha RT : winner 12.
please dm full name so we can get you all set up.thx
night : hugs
I LOVE YOU, I do..
.
U consider THIS a big game?
I'm thinking more like, the playoffs if he gets there.
Nice win, but...
sorry but Niallers dont let other Niallers hurt themselves
Vietnamese Student Association's Lunar New Year tickets are on sale for 5.
The show is this Saturday, get your tickets before prices go up
Was at the macmachine and the lady in front of me forgot 20 knowing me I gave it back
YOGA PANTS!!!!!
Jury duty.
Hopefully I can get some work done while I'm here.
Someone's skype is broke lmao.
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
RT : It is apparently a near fireable offense in the newsroom not to know who Donna Summer is.
Indians may have lost but Atleast the Lakers will lose today too.
that is awesome!!!
GM working w teachers today :!
I didn't mind the rain on my face this morning.
The workout was with it.
that was terrible!
Very nice!
Looks really good.
Your players are very fortunate and should count their blessings with a great facility.
we met around xmas in ur shop and chatted about SCAA.
Do you recall?
Headed there tomorrow.
I knew from the get go she was no good.
I am settling in for the night and starting to crank on some tshirt designs.
Long as your living..
You have a chance..
real
remember that time when Niall Horan told m yeah me either.
Ryan is a little too busy to answer his tweets right now.
RT : Good work watching your game in class!
Welp yeah lowkey that's what i wanted you to do.
: so its a deal???
The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size.
Einstein
10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Her verse in Monster.
Karmin is really good.
I feel like a little kid.
I just went to Finnegans and bought a handful of cheap little plastic animals.
They are now grazing on my desk.
good times JELLYFISH!!
Thanks, Woody!
follow this
Got bumped up t:o business class!
ATL BOUND!!!!!!!
darwin, i'm going to introduce you to alain.
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a closing strategy to use with their students.
I won't be back downtown til later this afternoon.
Northside appointments all morning.
Think I could be back before 2:00.
So excited to see tonight!
Church clothes hittin
OMGosh I haven't done a chat in ages!
Looking forward to it!
Whoohoo!
: Send my condolonces to the ppl in japan right now!
via fedex?
nah i have to say a star from above cuz that's wat u r and u can probably get urself out of trouble too:
Took a nap missed the heat game, looked at twitter and apparently the Knicks were ok until dwade and lebron said let's end this shit
follow back so I can respond to your message
I am a Superstar today
RT : Support our Beneficiary, the Breast Cancer Resource Center at their amazing Art Bra Event, this Saturday May 19th!
http
thank you for sharing  I had somehow missed that on facebook.
Asking me questions I have no idea what the answer is, and you know I don't 
no post or dashes allowed in our new terms!
Nor slashes!
A car full of boys!
Yikes!
emma
Winnings got a price to pay If you wanna reach the top pushing hard night and day, you'll be running til ur heart stops.
i dont know you
Finding Books and Articles workshop sponsored by INLP: Tue., Feb.
7, 1112, Zimmerman 254.
All are welcome!
thanks, Sara :
I'd say you're a half inch taller than me!
I'm bored  hungry
Occupy the manger?
Opportunity dances with those who are ready on the dance floor.
H.
Jackson Brown Jr.
and 2011 just began : Eye opening to see the massive events that occurred in 2010 that affected the meetings industry.
RT Thanks so much for continuing to support independent music everybody!
Have a great week coming.
RT
Worst game of Wade's career.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Believe in you, friend.
it's a plan.
I'll let you know.
Nice avatar BTW.
I just had 4 test in one day!
Gosh I hate test.
I better pass all of those.
Developing the content of multimedia exhibit: the reason behind creating it is important.
How does it relate to overall exhibit?
Everyone is an artist...then they go to school.
Slept early n now up early..feels kinda weird!
Vanilla Dutch n Kush made it feel more normal though,lol!
I see a nap in my future!
FaSho!
;
You are so fucking rude!!!
my mom just made me food and i took one look at it and threw up.
I hope she wasnt offended loll
OMG so cute congratulations :D
Thanks for the RT !
please do!
cannot wait to meet july 14th, 2013 :
Crazy episode of MadMen tonight.
Awesome!
Congrats!
Let's meet and talk soon!
haha not this time, I'm in the other cafe in the other science building.
But there are weird paintings here too!
WOW!
Tonight's Republican presidential debate was quite lively.
Can the next debate take place on the moon?
Let's leave the candidates there
i know.
no!
I want to so bad though!!!
Grr
I love it there.
One of my favorite places in this area.
yes!
poor poor me.
very nice Barbi!
Spring always best here ...
biz cycle ramping up nicely as well.
How's things in T town?
in about 20 days mate!
That's a great comparison.
And more apropos considering the game was played in Budi's HS gym.
Happy cinco de mayo!!!!!
These storms are just growing they are not really moving..
where were you when my walls came falling down?
word imma wear your shit to death man gotta represent
An 84 direct mail response rate?
Really!
I'm happy to tell you how we did it.
Just zap me.
Let's do it!
: Vulnerability of indigenous tribes in Brazil  Tribesman living in the amazon are continuously under threat.
Lobbyists: we r a 3 billion industry in Bmore but this is going to cost us 10 million/yr.
hm
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but religiously follows the new.
Childoctorn embody what is best in life.
They live in the present moment.
They are part of its exquisite bloom...
by Myla and Jon KabatZinn
let me know when it's a good time for me to kidnap you
Car shopping for the ex.
Then girlie night of dinner and a movie with Rachel Crosetto.
:
Carrie!
It has been a while!
How's Las Vegas?
Are you coming up to Washington any time soon?
I was told from you're great to follow!!!
This has been a great game to watch.
A lot of TX high school and college talent playing in this one.
If someone actually has a crush on me i want them to tell me..
Not hide it!
:/ no one probably does
Just dance, gonna be okay.
All I ask is that today goes by quickly, well...the rest of the week too.
This girl said oh my as I walked by ..now she's staring and snickering at two obviously gay dudes ..i should grab their ass as I walk out
Friend us on Facebook!
We have albums of our Tshirts and Stickers, so check them out!!
We've been waiting for Ron Artest to show up...
Go to work tonite
Holy crap!
Lebrons a little pansy.
Charles words are like daggers Im sobbing..
I just shaved my legs 3 hours ago and there already growing back!
To lead people, walk beside them  As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
Sometimes, all these crazy doctorvers :P
I rather u text me than me texting u.
Cuz hunny...
U be txting slow
Good question
now is the time the Ravens need to smack the Patriots in the mouth
Holy shit guys, he's killing our troops with a knife, I guess we'll...let him steal that horse.
hello mark!
We were wondering if we could set up an interview with you, and maybe feature you on our website?
:
And out of nowhere, fall appears...
hey Debby!!!!!!
If I ever meet you in person again, would you like it if I did some magic??
3 please tweet back!!
:
4 more days till we leave!!!!!
Nice work, Dave.
Knew Mets had allowed five walkoff homers.
Figured Dbacks might have allowed more.
Had no idea about Seattle.
Watching nature's light show with a glass of Sangster's to finish off a perfect evening.
Thank you , and all participants for an enlightening chat!
I welcome ongoing convo with you all.
:
soo one of my perspectives speakers just knocked on Christian rap..i mean obviously he doesn't listen to lecrae!
but seriously..
morning boyfriend 3 have a fabulous day : I love you :
I have an action adventure movie for a group of 810 year old girls!
It's a high concept movie perfect for Disney or anyone else interested
SSMA love back at ya!!
Thanks!
We're all part of the same team!
RT : Some of my favorite teachers!
I'm sorry that took so long ma'am, but it appears your husband spelled his name wrong while ordering online.
Best Labor Day weekend ideaIslands Restaurant's margarita light made with Silver Patron, agave nectar, lime juice and splash Sec
Back on a strict diet starting today..
Just had my last soda, i feel so nasty i need to hit the gym asap
We will see you in the Fall!
RT : It's beautiful!
Wish I was at cbsadmit this weekend instead of working!
Very slow start.
First break just ended.
No chip progress to speak of.
I dont get why everygirl wants the guyto text her first like we maybe want to talkto u but we also want to if u wanna talk to us.
My sister got me running around the world; Wal Mart, Chickfila and now Krystals ...
I'm not a errand runner
RT : Where did today go?
/ Today?
I've been thinking it was yesterday all day today.
my armpits are sweaty!
Gary Oldman's Best Actor nom the dictionary definition of overdue.
death threats for going out with someone?!
woah.
calm down people!.
Quote:This is the icing on the cake.
Nine wonderful years on Everybody Loves Raymond , and to finish it off like this is wonderful.
my birthday is comin up :
follow me on my journey on becoming Spike TV's next Ink Master.
Zendaaya I love you so much!My birthday was on Friday and Im10 officially now and moving: I love you:
Very excited to be in Amsterdam to talk about , Corpora Space, and at a symposium for the Alfalab project tomorrow.
I c u
Thank you for standing up for LGBT rights in the It Gets Better video.
Always suspected you were the man.
Now I know.
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong,
Loving the way WKU is playing against UL.
Proud of my
do you have predictions for who will win celebrityapprentice?
the only 2 dudes i want is Frankie from Emmure and Waka flocka.
if i get one of them that would awesome, but both would be fucking amazing!
2 years ago today I met the only man I've ever really loved
lmao I'm always such the hero :
It's great, especially since I'm using my own account and the 's.
Thanks for sharing!
wtf am I talking about?
Birds tweet.
I tweet.
I'm a bird.
How can you shorten a bed?
Don't sleep long in it.
Anyone wake up in the front yard last night?
You guys made Legends crazy!
Yes!!
I'm SO excited!!
: We'll figure out a way to cram all 3 of us in this tiny room ;
I've never EVER given up easily on anything or any1, so if I walk away from you, just KNOW u worked HARD to earn that.
Today is our monthly First Friday presentation: YST gets lunch and you learn how we make such a difference for Tulsa's youth!
FREE FREE FREE!
Never taken our class?!
Why not try it for FREE this Sunday!!
to save your spot!!
Extreme Makeover JOPLIN featuring airs tomorrow at 8pm on ABC.
Set your DVRs for some heartwrenching stories.
What a town...
taxes.
quite possibly the worst idea ever.
Great job america.
I was actually just going for the credits
Hopefully spending the day with the incredible tomorrow.
3 video games all day?
Yep.
Thanks for the shout out!
Demi Lovato is my idol and anyone that makes fun of her is going down she has feelings and she is a human like all of us I LOVE DEMI LOVATO
OK, now I can actually watch GameOfThrones on the DVR.
I hope it's another good one!
China military makes solemn vow on territory
To believe what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man.
Mahatma Gandhi
Anyone used Playmaker and/or uScript for Unity?
Is one of them better or are they just different?
Somebody need ta
it's sad it took him this long to win a championship w/all the cabbage he and the boosters have doctorpped on players over the years.
RT : Holy smokes.
Band just rocked the Enescu 8tet.
Tune in for the encore performance at 9:30 ET.
Please go follow thank you!
LastWishOf2011 to get to say something sweet to me to help me stop crying
hey wassup how are u
Happy Easter Weekend Everyone !
3 :
It bothers me to no end that you can get a reality show when your only talent is sleeping with NBA players.
Geeked for Membership Appreciation tonight...after Zumba of course.
lol
Game is Friday!
You have a full 27 hours to catch up on sleep ;
well I got a new number anyway.
So if you been texting me then my bad honey.
Ever since we started learning about Evolution in Biology class, I love going to class.
I'm not joking, it's such an interesting subject.
: Thanks for spreading the word and Refresh Daily!
Get me some floss!
so why is doing it.
I think you're missing the point.
It's not that kids are going to stop playing, it's that the PRO game us not going to be the...
G circle idea was great for sharing content with specific groups and could control who could view your content.
Sawaddee ka Hello, Hope you enjoy my new bikini line 'Lollipop Bikini'.
My deigns are fun, sexy, bright and cheerful.
I think you'll agree
so selena was crying outside of her hotel yesterday, deleted her instagram  gifboom?
hmm she probably received the news that shes preggo
They both wear one glove that serves no purpose.
OMG SAME IT KEEPS SAYING NO MATCHES FOUND
See us at the 2012 Wineries Unlimited Conference  Trade Show, Richmond, VA, March 2729.
Discounts on all booth displays!
Bring your truck!
Great to see has joined Twitter!
If his tweeting is even half as interesting as his blog it will be a mustfollow.
zaay he said  it came out bad !
Congrats Green Bay!
Broncos still the only team to beat the Packers in a Super Bowl.
it is not!
Its exciting and consistent
rode 3 differnt buses today rayher than 1.
i got home 40 minutes late!!!
oh well at least i AM home.
cheap doesn't mean good
I posted some points in the game thread.
Thought about doing a post on my thoughts on Selig for the weekend.
Thanks to I managed to solve a baggage receipt issue I was having.
Another reason why I love technology.
health Over the counter nasal decongestants can make nasal symptoms worse when used for longer than recommended.
being easily distracted at work today...thankfully I got a lot done yesterday
Thanks for the shout!
Looking forward to it!
:
ur not the only one missing AMC!!
I See A Version Of Bust Baby Pt 3 Song Already Got Studio Responds In The Game!
Can't do my hw .
I need to focus
New apartment secured.
Next door neighbours are Miranda Kerr  Orlando Bloom.
Will be knocking to borrow Vegemite.
PEEP YA EMAIL WHEN YOU CAN
So sorry about The Finder.
LOVED that show and you were very nice during an interview you did with me last year!
just got to say that is fucking awsome!!!!!!!!!
:
: Finished 4th, tough year and opponents, had some key matches but overall great tournament super homie
I had just never heard about such a program.
Wow.
Sick  annoyed
dpla Nesson:biggest problem is copyrght.we are players in a game against copyrght.need registry of public domain that is legally defended.
Question: What errors have you learned from as an app developer?
I love that ur still racing my mom remember u when she watched NASCAR
Schwing it!
RT We want to welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of !
Greetings WildaBeast:D

Toy Covergurl we on da way.....
hi josh, rupture sure you located?
oh noes!!
all facebook widgets have imploded!!!
i can't even like this...
seeing sleep no more tonight...may the odds ever be in my favor!
Hi !
The 17.50 family memberships are only available to purchase in person at the museum on Thursday May 10, 2012.
Yeah I'm a
you rape customers
dear14YrOldSelf also try and invent twitter except its called growler
The Royals are only 4.5 games out and I'm sure Powerball is mine this week.
I'm feeling THAT lucky.
Thanks for taking a look at it.
U have any of your shots online?
thank you!
Hope you are doing well.
thanks for the retweet :
can one say more, 5 Ls in a row after how they were just playing is just unacceptable, my two cents.
keep it trending 3
hi sweets did you get my email?
xo missmimipink
all the critics even agree that Keaton and Kilmer were the top rated batmans
Hey hon what happened???
Have you guys seen The Player?
last two samples on display.
NG does some pretty work
Any Mist users in New York watch Tori Johnson's Steals and Deals?
You may want to catch it tomorrow on WABC!!
i haven't had alone time to talk to him.
But i promise i will tomorrow and let you know.
Kay?
you were awesome.
I got home just in time to watch this, after meeting you at the Palladium.
: you're so nice.
I love you!
ha, thanks :
attending 2nd half of Science at tufts for the 21st Century
When I grew up in ME, leaving Baxter State Park meant stop at Millinocket McD's for apple AND blueberry pies.
Childhood bliss.
you're still awesome!
Gym membership collecting dust?
Now's the time to invest in a homegym  Save on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
no problem!
thank you for the follow!
:
not looking foward to getting up at 2 tomorrow 
The sheep will bring trouble.
sure.
I bet its all fun.
;
Some relationships are like Tom  Jerry.
They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without eachother.
Chillin' with Chuck
According to Dave, our front of the house manager, this is one of the top 5 things we've ever had on the menu here....
thank you for coming up big last night!
Go hard Saturday gators/nuggets style!
womencantresist guys who can sing/dance
ha YES!
: Down at before the game.
The famous Liz is waiting tables tonight.
CBJ nhl
Working on a pretty arrangement of Neil Young's Harvest Moon on my uke.
If you see me singing to myself and swaying...it's Harvest Moon.
better late than never, I guess.
Ana Maria Rodoctorguez is reading at the Childoctorn's section right now.
Oline time Phil!
Change  AJ stuff coming!
I need to do more give aways on twitter.
Don't know why I really haven't done them.
Change is coming
And thanks for the FF, too!
RT :
Milk was a bad choice 
your influence and sweeping excellence
no problem handsome ;
Ima miss u when u gone
If my students can teach their classmates or myself they will learn
I see cardio abs is working for you!
It's TittyTuesday send in those pictures ladies.
Good morning people South Bronx's today sucks getting up early.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
yup.
If I'm bored enough, I will make a slingshot.
you seriously have no idea how much I hate you right now...
ugh jealous beyond belief
Thaddeus ...
I hope you will not think me irreverent
Thanks so much for the very kind shoutouts!
So are you!
RT : Wow what an amazing weekend, you are all so special and inspiring!
is the best  most beautiful daughter...
EVER!!!!;
Tomorrow to Seattle :'
I25 southbound right 2 lanes back open at Comanche after two vehicle accident.
thx much for tweet re Smarthistory/Time; also, link for article on impact of visual intel on math intel doesnt work, pls redo
Shin splint currently being iced.
Ouch.
Any other tips?
Live 2nite thelavagame play all your favorite rock hits of the 90s  2Ks.
5 at the door.
Over 21.
Come and
I totally understand.
I loved Zombieland too!
:
The brilliance is in the piece.
It's one of my favorite LARB ups.
Good Morning!!
I'm REAADDDYYYY!!!
I would never take a bullet for anyone....
If I had time to jump in front of the bullet, you had time to move out of the way.
NEXT UP: Boys' water polo state playin between Gulliver and Belen.
Lively crowd on hand for this one.
Kei Kamara leads the league in shots with 28, but more importantly also leads the league in shots on goal with 12, Espindola in 2nd with 9
Yes, we're working on a Sunday, because we are workaholics.
will do, first night was great, store in the AM class in the PM!
banned from the game?
My Lord, I don't even want to know how bad you have to be
Right there w ya!
On 2.
A literary bad habit, but since I never indulged in vampire lit, Im ok w it!
RT : For the next 4 hours I will donate 1 to for each new follower I receive
song TurnToYou are perfect.
ah, the powersthatbe decided this : have fun with the kids today!
When asked if videos could be stored in Canada, replies, sure...we can store it in a Canadian cloud and points upwards.
:
Too doo doo too TO!!!
Congratulations.
chocolate milkshake.
Me too I want to go back
aww!!
Darn it I don't think or will b there either, now I'm not gonna have any fun :
Another very clever reply.
Love your 3 questions.
He has an ingrown toenail.
Researched both French and Russian copyright law today thanks to Congress and SCOTUS
voiced by Kelsey Grammar and Patrick Stewart, no less.
of course!
Thank you I am.
I hope you're having a good week as well!
If you try to rape me, I will bite your penis off.
see the Size Matters panel at MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apartments of the future
MT : favorite dishes last night:Udan Noodle dishHouse Style  Long BeansHouse style.
Delish!
Oh  the Saki...
Watch 's client on WeTV tonight at 9p est!
EVERYONE please follow me on my new twitter Had to make it because this one keeps acting weird.
Please follow on the new one
not my decision but I know she needs a model.
If u wanna give it a whirl I send ur info to lady that's asking.
one girl DVRs them and then we go over one day during the week and watch 2 episodes.
We should make it a doctornking game tho.
A clever man commits no minor blunders.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
subwayfitchat How do you know how to balance foods?
Diet food is always a trade off.
Usually has high sodium
It's !
Tune in!
: Hey who is the substitute lady tomorrow on
Let me check and I will let you know.
I'm not coaching them.
goin with the Wildcats!!
I'm with on this one.
That is fantastic  congratulations!
FF , our ohsohandsome social media pimp!
I mad the blue fortune hoddie is 55 ugh!!!
He lucky i love him
Hey!
Some of us just like to start each day with a hearty Meh!
I have been 25 since I was 25  Anonymous
Look Bautista is clearly not a juicer....well its clear that he isn't juicing NOW.
I love video games.
Just some of our faves
Menon: relinquished sovereignty against not owning
Had a notification that Tammy Baldwin repinned a party decoration pin.
Whaaaa??
Yeah, wasn't THAT Tammy Baldwin.
Yo, missed you today at class
no it was canceled lol
Hannah and I got so much done on day 2 of wine day.
Finished the rest of France!!!!
Beauty is a curse in the world.
It keeps us from seeing us from seeing who the real monsters are.
Thanks to you!
Eric Northman's sexy, but he's still got nothing on Kellan Lutz.
Forgot how socially akward some mathscience kids can be.
Then again some artist equally incapable of functioning in the real world at times
there are 70 people, 3 candidates, 6 reporters, and 3 cameras here.
You'll find out what was going on, don't worry.
Better Example the other stars in the league who hit their first homerun...Wright, Jeter, PuPu didn't
thank you justin!
My condolences!
and together on stage?!
fans and fans must be going crazy right now!
we, baking a cake!!
thats all im pretty much good for anyways.
: Slut: I'm sexy and I know it.
Me: No, bitch.
You're slutty and you blow it.
ctfu...a mess
One more taker for a free hot stone massage?
One more will make 5!
Spread the word!
Been sleep all day smh
This!
x10000 RT : Here's to the athletes who can't wait until summer.
ACLU Warns State Dept.
Against Firing Worker Who Criticized Government
let's keep our fingers crossed for our city providence as we device means to get out of the fiscal turbulance without raising  taxes
Um, isn't that something they should have had BEFORE guarding the prez?
RT Secret Service to undergo ethics training in
RT : Thunder killed tonight Image give that Black Thunder!!!
what is this ..
Thrilled for Ben Olsen; he's incredible, sure he can get job done for DCU
thatmoment you realize that you're mad about something  there's really no reason to be upset in the first place
I suspect it's now less than 5 minutes to bedtime.
Time to go to bed.
Hoping to wake up tomorrow and find out that Stan Bowman hath brought salvation to the masses.
Get ya'll mind out the gutter...
Lol
AD's sometimes have to teach classes too, not paid only as an AD at many HS due to budgets
Mike Gundy was the offensive coordinator under for 4 years at Oklahoma State, before taking over in 2005.
that article is relevant because the youth complaining about the 1 buy apple products.
Supporting what they hate.
You gonna fucken yell at me and expect me to fucken help you out wtf 
Lots of YUMs in 's website today!
From cover shot to baby news.
Such a happy Wednesday!
We'll always have Sandbags.
The cookies are a great icebreaker to meet peeps in the office ;
I LOVE horror movies 3 haha;
still waiting on a follow from my mother inlaw ;
it going to be hilarious!
Thanks for the Mother's Day wish.
Happy Mother's Day to you as well!
i would be
I don't wanna go to work today :
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
I AM TROY DAVIS
People learn differently.Khanacademy helps students get extra practice that is not avail in classroom where there is ONE teacher
i tried following the people i know.
or the tweets i cared seeing, so yeah might've missed a few
Be under the mistletoe....with a Mahoneway gift card!; Sara
New twitter on my phone, I think I like it better.
It sure loads faster cx
that sucks!!!!
Excited for the SMBAustin this morning with !
If you're headed downtown and need help, just let us know, we'll have hot coffee.
You two are making my night.
Thanks!
cc:
I like it!
Will you contribute one tweet to tell your friends about the good work is doing?
www.henryshope.org Twitterthon Please RT!
I'm so happy tomorrow is Thursday
Don't go down stairs on a bike cuz Iswear this nigga just died across the street
If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach.
Bleh...
getting rid of junk today, need to figure out where to donate!
CEO: One of the most fun things about the Foursquare pitch is sitting down with merchants and you can show them a stats dashboard
So will  I!
RT : CGT256 Despite having a final at 7pm on a Friday, I'm really going to miss this class!
allowed to is off season
An actor has to burn inside with an outer ease
Tristan came to my room to tell me that he got doctorssed by himself 3
Go follow my besssssstt fran 3 Shes like mad cool and stuff , so goo :D
Wow great first day at aas12 AAS2012 with and Lots of foot traffic and interest!
if a MDVA civil war breaks out, which side does in DC join?
Fight for Old Dixie!
Hoping we can stave off this rain to squeeze in the series finale.
We shall see!
north South Shootout Caraway, NC Nov 3rd5th Watch Zane rip it up on the track with a Pair of Cojones Cars going Balls Out for the win
After seeing live lpo reviews, what work do you need to do on your landing pages?
Ha!
I should have known.
So happy buffalosoldiers is being edited.
Just getting ready to put your Victory beers on ice.
Soccer in the morning.
The finish line is in sight  are you reaching your March for Babies goal?
How are you getting there?
Leave us a comment!
You're hilarious John, keep up the good work!
One stop for all your Prom needs!
Prom make up workshop April 15th inbox me to rsvp asap!
150 grand???
That's a highest paid lobbyist?
In what effing universe?
Abramoff, anyone?
Headed to tomorrow to pick up their Tangerine Tango polish!
No rule is real unless it demands your conscience.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Everyone seems to be in a bad mood today ..
enjoy your vacation.
Glad I caught you on Today this morning.
Showtime!
Tune in to renegade radio Nashville now!
HAHAHA Looks like Jericho wont be getting another Rematch
INCREDIBLE gig last night by the one and only Amazing night from what I can remember!
Umm the lakers have lost about half of the championships they have been in so they must like losing a lot too
a friend asked me what a donniegasim is..
lol I showed her ur pic n she flipped her panties
Tired just watching this Caps and Rangers triple overtime!
Post Edited: Good Writing Tip 3: Appropriate Voice
Thrilled to add Compass Rose in Regina as a new CRM 2.0 client  making full use of businesstoconsumer and coop agent features!
Uh oh!
LOL
Just watched paranormal activity 2...not quite as creepy as 1.
Grabbing your hiking boots and heading for a backpacking trip through Europe?
DM us all the cool places you'll be visiting.
Your first doctorft of the response should be required reading for legal ethics.
Working on my story :
Anyone SF?
Take a photo of the office,upload to and earn cash.Easy way to earn some extra 
aaahh!!
where can i watch justin??
is it live a live stream or is it on TV?!
someone help me please!!
Legs too long for the camaro but my shawty in it too doe
These beahs never let me sleepavg 4hrs/night
Tuesday Facebook Special!
5 Off any purchase of 25 or more!
my brothers honestly the ugliest, and most annoying kid ever..
this episode of law and order though.
huh i don't want to have childoctorn unless i know i can always protect them :/
hope is the only thing stronger than fear diggin this flick and the contribution to the...
Now you're just somebody that I used to blow 
Yankees W or L last night?
Interesting SC case scheduled for today.
Student forced to be strip searched after another student says student victim hid pills.
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base?
what are you waiting for
: Same.
It's amazing how social media can really help out your career nowadays.
....just when you ready to give up, that's just when GOD is ready to show up

Yay!
Hero amongst the heroic!
HCG opens only the excess fat cells allowing excess fat to be burned.
No other time in the human body does this happen www.lasvegashcg.com
just started watching doctorwho and enjoying some mash potatoes, which are meant for tomorrow.
not too shabby!
Imam Zaid Shakir of Zaytuna College is calling upon all Americans to become Peacemakers.
Sign up at peacemaker.kintera.org
go with the pirate gear!
Moved into new place  wanted to celebrate w/ a beer.
Discovered that paint can keys are designed to open beers too.
Nice.
:
: Getting defeated will do one of two things  Make you stronger or make you give up!
Be strong always no matter what!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend like if you don't have one well...
I suggest you get one 3 love you
If you want to cover urban issues, love it, says Causey
S/O the big homie from the EastSide on signing his deal real nigga shit he putting the EastSide on the map
Watched 21JumpStreet yesterday!
Soo funny!
:p
Fantasy Baseball 2012: Week 4 National League Revelations  Bleacher Report
: should I call 1452 yep
Lmaao Sorry for my late reply :  on the way to school
Hey, do what tells you to!
Get Corey's addoctorss!
Republicans don't care about nothing but them selves and those that have millions.So sad
All i wna do is jump off a bridge right now, i just knew this would happen !
ImDone !
Lets hear Champagne  Chickenheadz!
Teachers better be letting us watch March madness in class today
Thousands of new markdowns at , and some awesome events coming up become a client at any location for updates on your faves!
I am at ne med center headed to DT in 10 minute
that case on the giveaway looks dangerous...
Haha.
email me your contact information  and I will pass it on.
hate you more
you awake?
Cheers Dan that would be nice....
New and better things are happening for us soon.
GetStoked !
well I think you should do both, they got great apps.
Great, now I want a Scotch Egg.
Found my house.
Making an offer on it in the morning.
I thought buying a car was cool.
Picking out a house was insane
Who's New Year's resolution is to live healthier and get fit?
I can help you with if so!
Get in contact with me!!!
Real Talk: If you identify as Mexican/MexicanAmerican, do you celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
Or has it become St.
Patrick's Day part 2?
getting 3.02 for a tip.
please inform me what the hell am i going to do with 2 pennies.
Clairy i love you
Folks who never do any more than they are paid for, never get paid more than they do.
RT : It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you.
try telling that to a murder victim!
I WAS BUYING GROCERIES PPL ARE SO STRANGE HERE I MEAN WHAT AM I TO DO?
THIS IS MY SON DONT JUST TOUCH HIM WITHOUT ASKING ME
Your conversations.
Pau Gasol continues to be the NBA's 'Baumer.
Let's just hope he doesn't take off his shoes and socks tomorrow.
any recipes that you all know of for using creeping charlie in brewing?
Have lots, wondering if it's useful...
Will shit my pants if I get to see Yellowcard front row again.
Selfrespect permeates every aspect of your life.
Joe Clark
yes I'm sorry I cleaned it and put it up out of way one day.
Only If brings me some to work hahaha
I wish you all a Happy and a Prosperous 2012!
lol its funny u brought that up tho
Running the 5k this morning
i went last yr and loved it!
i creepily searched for you on fb and saw that we have noam g as a mutual friend.
i met him there!
Wheels up to the mountain for a hike / ski!
Hope its not too hot!
Tyler, you know you can pull off anything.
Even that horrible all jean outfit.
Haha ;
Flight delayed three hours???
Well, bring on the cappuccinos!
When He Texts You First, You Text Back , And He Doesn't Reply .
I had some mp3s from Amazon go corrupt, and now I can't redownload purchased music from Amazon?
Never buying from again.
Learned some great lighting tips today in Pikesville
Hey guys can you hookup with your discography so far?
She's a diehard fans with no MP3s and it was her bday this mth.
Two different type of players.
Won't they play different spots on floor?
Heading to get my adderall refill before my benefits get cut.
Bitch needs to focus in FA training!!!
Okkkkrrr!!!
Interesting read  I hate running, but downloading a audiobook might be good motivation!
deepstacks , cc complete.
Ready for a bev anyone!!!
Packing for Kzoo2012.
Sure I'll forget something.
I got hacked!!
Sorry to all my followers!!
Wednesday practice open to public?
WINNING my tiger blood is boiling.
Still have a few suites for this weekend!
Special rates.
Call now 3056640044.
RT : Because Cancer is faithful and loyal, they expect nothing but the same from you.
you rock bitch
The Sox are going with their typical lineup despite facing LHP Bruce Chen.
Probably because Chen's splits are nonexistent over his career.
Thanks!
Especially for us West Coasters...libchat was during my commute time // cc
now following
Why are we still learning when there is only 4 weeks of school left
I like your style!
agree, not enough time!
Next year I'll stay longer.
Missing you too sexy mama!
I'm only awake to watch the even stevens movie
Karma Yoga  Yoga of Service.
Jnana Yoga  Yoga of Wisdom, Bhakti Yoga  Yoga of Devotion, RAJA  ROYAL Yoga...
Become a Raja Yogi/Yogini
No Badger game today, but we still want to see you out and about on Brady Street!
Line 'em up!
I'll grab the monster truck!
Santorum made me apoplectic when he was a failing Senator!
RT I agree.
Whenever Jackie chan fights it's like he's surprised at everything
We use erythritol, stevia and luo han.
Not as common as other sweeteners but ZERO digests to glucose  no Laxative FX
he clumsy
Having a bad day?
Celebrating a personal victory?
Either way, give yourself some flowers.
It is a great, guilt free indulgence!
Forgot how cold this city is and how much people love to jaywalk
Pie in a Jar, anyone???
They're adorable, you want them, you'll love them.
Killer as gifts!!
Get them:
Who got the HENNY N BLACKSweScales313we
if u do have a party I wanna go !
:D
There are two German Shepherds and a cat on my flight.
A stewardess just said she's pretty sure the dogs are going to kill the cat.
hey miss being on the set.
It looks like I will not be returning for season 3 :
Glad you like it!
I'm so good at playing cards..I guess I'm a PLAYER!!
Seems to be  do you mean Wine for the Confused?
It is rainy and I hate it!
Can't golf in the rain!
Thanks for checkin in on Foursquare!
Did you get your free shot of Powers?
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for all our specials
I arrived at a family party and and me got kicked out !!!
We are now sitting out in the stairs and it's dark !!
THE UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY WILDCATS
Selected logo, updated mktg budget  sales projections, committed to ADA sponsorship pkg, kicked off AdWords campaign
Point is new folks fumble with the syntax.
The tooling is less friendly than what they're accustomed to.
They leave.
We're so excited to have at the / offices today  teaching on advertising in the digital era.
You don't know what you're in for , 'bout to get inside your mental .
YOUR SONGWRITING IS AMAZING AND SO IS YOUR VOICE.
Would love to get together and write sometime!
Listening to your album now.
hey!..movie was good...you can never go wrong with a Liam Neeson survival flick....how are you doing?
Are you at work?
This year is starting off too fast.
Put on the brakes.
I wanted to ease into it
Don't foget!
Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale March 14th at 11:00am
brings back memories
22 million for justin 3 SO PROUD
oh my god you guys..i'm seriously sweating and all i'm doing is sitting.
My new life mantra: I wish to push mankind forward.
Thank you Steve.
you're welcome :!!!
3im always here for you :!!
Reconnecting with loved ones.
Best part of my daymore like  month.
ahahaha!
That sucks.
We're visiting the grand canyon tomorrow
I'm going to vote for Steely Dan, Reelin' in the Years: You've been tellin' me you're a genius since you were 17...
where did you eat?
I LOVE this show!
It is a MUST See on your Vegas trip!
How great for taylor!
Free tours today at 2pm and 4pm!
The only things I miss about cable are Yankee games  Mad Men.
You died in my doctoram last night and I was very sad
Great times last night!
See you everyone next week.
Right Michelle?:
I've got too much to do and not enough time to do it in
Sounds like a cool job to me!
RT : Enologists are wine chemists who analyze samples of wine and advise winemakers
Congrats!
Ask for a raise!
rockstarteacher often pauses midsentence, holds his microphone out and lets his students recite the words to his most popular lessons.
People come back with hopes when you decide to give up cuz its hopeless..
LoveHateThisMoment
Mondays aren't so bad if you force yourself to have a terrible weekend
NIAAAALLLL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Facebook is wack.
The Nature Conservancy And Discovery Education Join Forces To Launch Dynamic Environmental Education Program Exploring ...
Dinner time shasticians!
Where shall we go in the bayarea?
Any favorite restaurants out there?
you're welcome to run here but it might take a while...
the one day i actually want to go running its raining, cool
See my new pics on the maleforce app
you guys killed it tonight.
We had so much fun playing with you!
It's a good course, I don't care what you say.
Hahaha.
this early...?
I want some company!
Twitter World...
Who you think will win?
Bulls or Heat...
I have Bulls in 7!
Using Google today?
Sevenyearold Dylan Hoffman of Racine, Wisconsin created today's doodle.
Great job, Dylan.
By changing what we link pain or pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.
Now, apply this to your body  habits.
I love it.
Just bought it on vinyl.
Why is Friends not on at 10 and 10:30 anymore?!
What the heck am I going to fall asleep to now?
International day of democracy is sept 15.
Birthday of US constitution, by the way, sept 17
Still waiting for Champps or North Lake Inn.
lol i finished
Minnesota native captainres amazing video while rescuing his friend from a Utah avalanche.
6pm.
KARE.
i am glad you are enjoying youreself lol
YAY Jeremy!!
Great finale to a great season of The Biggest Loser!
Such an inspirational show!
You have chosen one of Americas best cities to serve as a backdoctorp for your college experience Gregory Ballard Mayor City of Indianapolis
loving this computer on the couch evening!
hm.
i think it's more gated vs.
gatekeepers?
not sure about gaters  that's another fuzzy concept
Rocking some faeblades right now in KoA Reckoning  loving it!
Realizing I'll be getting very little sleep in the weeks to come.
thank you :
My mom is apologizing to Sudiboo.
Thanks for coming in yesterday, Cheryl.
How was your meal?
Hey Tabata, way to not have a game today you dick!
Don't u have 2 b a Muslim  a scholar 2 b issuing Fatwas?
Didn't know u r actually Marvi Sirmed :
Happy New Year, I hope your holidays went well, and 2012 is on par or better than last year.
lol yeah Erik looks like a little kid in that picture.
William Levitt was a post WW2 real estate developer.
Known as King of Suburbia  Inventor of the Suburb.
Disturbing, indeed.
Cheer tomorrow, then work, then out to dinner with the other owner of this account, kenzie.
:
Excited for tonight!
It will be my first time at Target Center seeing my band, , for the first time!!
nice explanation of blended learning and what is expected in this digital age!
Not only does the breath make all things possible, it also holds the secret to fully and truly experiencing our lives.
You're right, the first hour of the movie was slow, but the final sequence made up for it.
Putin will win in Russia because he's Not Romney
Uh oh  Century Link's Discount on Home Phone Service includes a hidden termination fee if you cancel in less than a year  99 ouch!
Start the day getting rid of 507.
Strength and core!
All you spammers our there, just wanted you to know I don't care that someone is saying nasty things about me.
Can't that guy just get some time on public access like all the other crazy, raving people?
All you need is love
I'm on board!
you forgot Van Hansis!!!
Def the best.
Adoctoran was awesome.
All I want is to be with you no matter what!
Sun Rain Snow Hail, I just want it to be me and you!3 And no one else!3 LOVE YOU BUNCHES!333
Glad you enjoyed it!
Valentines day FUCK IT I'm sleeping in and then on the weekend gonna celebrate with friends
Discombobulated.
Cattywampus.
Persnickety.
RT : Flabbergasted is such a good word to say out loud
Hearts will never be practical unless they can be made Unbreakable
oh, I was poking fun of you getting called that in your political back and forth
I'm tired goodnight sweet doctorams: sorry i wasent on much busy shopping at Ingram Mall: I was at lids hoping to see 3
central market is the bomb.com
I Think Im About 2 Whoop Sum Aszx Today.,!
.Saw the Eu GDP numbers friday.
My my my!
Heres to Austerity!
Heres to all of US who since day one knewlack of investment...lack of growth
yea but sometimes im late for homeroom and dont even go
Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Wayne Dyer
Has any NBA player had their best  worst seasons of their career in backtoback seasons like Amare just did?
I blame Melo.
Beckham!
He's doing it.
U talkin bout comin out to the show on the 19th??
And has his video shoot this Sat too!
EVERYBODY IS WELCOME!!!
I started of cleaning fryers to get thru school 16 years ago and I still feel the same way....
Hungry.
Ooh, thanks, Brandon!
Haven't tried that one yet.
In a sales conf.
for my company.
Learning about selling in the new normal of the education market.
Always good to hear what sakes is doing.
fiction: thrillers, mysteries, fact infused fiction a la Dan Brown, comedy.
NonFiction: Art, Sports, WWII history
roof top party en le NYC for le CInco De Mayo....um perfect?
awesome!!!
See u there lol
yeah, him and are both brilliant and passionate.
Good combination.
That is hilarious.
Well done.
not that depressed huh
thanks for the shoutout!
Hope you'll catch us  starting Thursday.
Jeff, Brian  me for the news at 4pm
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' Martin Luther King, Jr.
Balotelli may be only other guy in EPL I'd be less likely to get advice from than Barton.
And here he is warming up
Now chs won't let kids have access to our backpacks.
GoSchool!!
It was.
We should do it more.
Loved that food!
My new favorite place!
at MBs.
It was super short but fun while it lasted!
WaysToBeginSex, wrestling.
3 Works every time!
FYI I have a solo show at TrammellGagne' in September at SeattleDesignCenter in Seattle, WA
Looking like the before pics from 'The Biggest Loser' after the holidays?
This week's apps will be dedicated towards weight loss/fitness
3rd is better than 4th!
you win!
i win nothing
The curls at the nape of my neck  the curls in my crown :
lighttherapy Is there anyone in PDX who sells these products?
I know about Sunlan, but am looking for other options...
Hungry for dinner yet?
Call and let them bring you dinner from your favorite place in Oklahoma city.
Quick and easy
Brush your teeth for at least 2 minutes each session
You're amazing in GoT :D
So, do you guys offer a chaplain to the palliative care patients, too?
Didn't see that on that side of the chart...just curious
07:26am Resting my eyes for a min.
Be back around 10am
Jus makin it 2 church w/ da girls..
Good Morning World!
What is your 1 goal for this New Year?
DNT TEASE ME, I WILL TAKE IT!!
Full day planned at acte11 today.
Several time slots with 2 presentations that I would like to see.
I LOVE McKays!!!
Why do women have midlife crises?
Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Thanks for the retweet about COUNTER.
Do you know anyone?
She as got as a fire ant really that's the best thing u cme up wit
The Texans will be no cake walk.
They're a fast, physical, girthy defense.
Disguise  Execute will be our mantra this Sunday.
I feel ya.
Paper and presentation handouts on my afternoon docket.
Bleh.
I wishRT I'm doctorving from Manhattan to Fairfield University,CT to see Frank presenting tonight.
Anyone coming along?
Generosity Is A Currency In Endless Supply.
Alok Appadurai
Q3.
Name the best bar you've ever been to in the world!
Back to Chicago tomorrow for a callback for a SAG National Commercial.
Unlike a lot of guys i dont gotta lie
Monster energy doctornk  me  me hyper!!:
I just want a women that's real and not accuse me of stupid shit even when shits been proven she wrong.
Broadly defined compensation was repeatedly defined as giving back in the form of publications.
Is this enough?
agreed.
So get down here!
: Seattle needs a real late night culture!
no, being open to 11pm doesn't count as late night.
Dude, you just took my corpse!
Wait, that was his corpse?
I thought that was her corpse.
I appreciate the following.
Thanks!
QoTD: It's those who learn to perform when they're tired that find success.
yeah but tell me about your date!!!!
I need details!!!
Does that mean we win?
Love when I get that call in the morning even better on a day like today!
How I Met Your Mother .
NFAIS12 Azoluly  everyone goes to wikipedia because they find everything together in one place which speeds research.
is punching strangers!
can we talk about how freekin cute you look in your professorle pic?
:D BIG KISS
I feel like alot of people hate me:/ haha toobad!
I love it, I will officially have the best afternoon now, rotfl!
what's up Greg I just really started twittering so I need your help getting followers, still learning this network...thanks hun!!!
making these summer plans are making me feel better :
who cares...so 5 minutes ago.
How about Sean Payton being suspended for a year!
Will Brees stay or go?
girl you have a great spring break, with love
What were you doing Sept 11?
us.
We're compiling a book and all proceeds will go to charity
You are fabulous!
I love everything you've designed on FashionStar.
;
On train to 's with a tray of whoopie pies
: I can't wait to produce a true talent search TV show where it's not rigged by executives.
Yup, I said it.
nothappy thevoice
RT : SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK
Alright, I really need to get packing.
wishing you all a happy valenitinesday
I'm so proud of Austin :' when he's on stage receiving his Grammys imma be here proud to say I supported him from the start
Happy Birthday!!
we have to celebratee!:
One thing I don't understand about Twitter is when someone continually RTs the same person.If I wanted to follow, I would.
I'm supposed to be working on my website, but our archive of baby pictures has me completely distracted.
Addicted to baby cuteness.
:
I have an interview for one source talent next week mama
haha be creepy gets you many places my friend, sike..but I miss you too when I saw you in the hallway for .5 seconds the...
I know!
And remember our 4am photoshoot at 's, haha
no preview for next week?
School trip in the rain
Why try so hard to fit in...
When you know you were meant to STAND OUT!!!
how much u charge for beats?
that puts the recent discussion of the worth of certain college degrees into new perspective!
Everybodys in a relationship on facebook now.
Fuuuuuck that!
Lol
Make sure your contractor has a valid contractors license.
www.cslb.com
Digital channels get the most attention when a crosschannel perspective is applied to them.
Learning new insights from the Conference
Hey Steve :
Mcdoctoramy : being an ass!!
Happy Monday Tweeps!!
We hope you all had a great weekend!
Father of the Bride 2 
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry
Canadians aren't foreigners.
Canada is United States' largest national park .
Got an email that I'm locked out of an account.
To fix this, click 'reset password' on the 'user details' screen...
yeah
Lets go Lions beat dem ponies!!!
Four weeks is a long time.
Tomorrow before i might have to make that trip over there.
Ill be happy after that.
;
Hate you  but that was a good throw earlier
MorningMotivation  People  Purpose  Organization  Change the world: Gather ppl around ur purpose
poofy umbrella doctornks?
We will be keeping you updated on the World Cup as well www.ussportspages.com
Nightline is doing a story on mutton busting, it's like they've never been to Texas before!
Being on facebook and twitter  doing homework...
:/
How the hell can you say its alright for you to ask for,money but we better not as you?!
Good morning people!
Editing, editing, editing.
Today it's a music video, tomorrow it could be your reel!
AuditionStudio.com
In Music Meeting New Pornographers Crash Years Makes me think of the Blake Babies a little.
Happy to hear from them
Why not just have Joba shag all the BP flies?
Social Media Tip: Don't forget the keywords!
Without them, both people and search engines will have trouble finding your smallbiz online.
Sweet delicious 340 calorie honey bun
Wolfram, a Search Engine, Finds Answers Within Itself
It doesn't really matter though...Pens are taking the Cup this year :
Retweet if u tryn to go to movies tomorrow it's on me
Huge congratulations to the Grand Prize winners  RightCare Solutions!!
Morning.
Tweeting because I have some time to kill, otherwise I never do it minute by minute like I do on Facebook.
Thanks for mentioning our video.
These NBA refs have been horrible tonight both ways.
I'm super excited for the show!
I did too, but it definitely made me feel that my personal tolerance for the outre might be a liiitle to good.
:
Finally found out what YOLO means.
Man, I feel like an idiot.
ha.
Bretana
he is hott
Marky Mark is my hero RT A9 Mark Wahlberg, from when he hung out with the funkybunch.
Went shopping with my aunt and she got some candles.
I had thebest apple cider ever!!
So, she bought some for me at the ingles :D
there's the Jamey Wright we know!
4 pitch BB!
The White Butterfly crew were awesome.
I need to buy bigger mandoctorls they were beads on silver chains, crazed :
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut
I just wish you were mine.....
I am a survivor...
for sure.
....there is a song that comes to mind with that...
oi..Reba MacIntyre, right???
Getting really excited for Saturday night!
Groovesect is playing with Fred Wesley and Leo Nocentelli at Tipitina's Uptown at 2am!!!!!!!!!!!
Charlestonbound in four days!
Naw I never did the chicken Fridays...that a no no!!
san francisco: are you yourself or do you have any unemployed/freelancing friends who want to hang during the day and talk about music??
:
I registered a while back, but don't have the time.
Would be happy to pass it off to you.
DM me for details
I will definitely be getting a copy of Mad Women to read  an inside look at the advertising agency in the sixties from a women's pov...
If guys had periods, theyd brag about the size of their tampons.
don't do it, don't be one of those people!!
hahaaha
Its's a beautiful day :
Sick hike with today in atrastadero open space
I'm honored by the retweet yesterday.
Glad to see that u're coaching.
Good things are in front of u.
Any broadcasting aspirations?
You better make an appearance miss.
we are doctorving back do sometime tomorrow morning : its flexible
Guys, we're doing a live show at Largo in LA in May!
Cannot wait.
Details soon.
uh I'm not sending you words dude
text me..
I messages you on FB, my number
Thanks alot for the support!
:
can you send me some of your newest songs?
I'm interested and have a publisher's ear ready.
Are you guys looking for Pub?
Ah!
Awesome, I'll do that now.
:
Ditto that...
Though it's easy to distract me from the important things like cutting grass though.
RT : Lord, I've seen fire, and I've seen rain.
I've seen an auto race that I thought would never end...
: Wtf did this girl just have me watch lol Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Bed doctoraming of you I hope.
The Twitter Paradox: a tool that apparently requires the least amount of effort end up being the most timeconsuming to use
Romney wants to give another 250K in TAX CUTS 2 millionaires but CUT medicare socialsecurity PellGrants etc!NO heart in him
that's actually not true Tom.
She works for Tom Shepard and Move to the Middle.
They don't coordinate though...
I was going to wear Timofey Mozgov's obnoxiously blue shoes
Great game tonight!!
GO SWISH!!!!
3
live may 26th Iowa Val air ball room Dope Venue Im spinning Lego
leah got her own movie lmao
Woah.
I cried while writing that...
Friday!
Go get some HORNY in ya, you crazy kids!
Just kidding, 21 only, don't get any ideas ;
I think about salt and sugar when I'm reading them.
Caroline Bruzelius G'82 delivers opening addoctorss for annual meeting: Inside/Outside: Friars  the Dynamics of Urban Space
hey Ellen could you please watch my video of my daughter on YouTube.
It's called forbidden hunger.
It's so cute
It doesn't matter what you think you're fighting about.
It always comes down to a choice between fear and love.
Chose wisely.
Team K went to Had the Chi Cheng!
Been there 4x, tried to meet you Ryan, we always miss each other.
Ya'll never dissapoint!
be truly thankful 4 what u have.
Realize how blessed u r, cuz there r so many out there that would change places with u in a heartbeat
good morning!
xo
quit smoking weed and getting doctornk and STUDY!
and maybe it wouldn't be so bad JON JON!
Leonardo da Vinci wrote in his notebooks that a man that could not control his sexual impulses was 'no better than a beast in a field'......
nobody is perfect, we are all the same no matter what cultural or racial differences we may have, or what religion we follow
Waking up early to take a shower 
Wow wtf, I say happy birthday and get nothing back .
W.e fake ass people
Just had an ah ha golf swing moment.
Need to keep my right elbow tucked more.
Hope to see some results on the course tomorrow
Guy's the guy!
MT : Going to NV's capital tonight to give a speech and be on stage w/state treasure, exArchivist Guy Rocha.
An interest is what people really want and need; a position is what people say that they really want and need.
First doctorft of the website is up!
www.recoverrecords.com More to come soon.
Get ready music lovers.
I'm revoking your uk citizenship.
Again.
Good night swtor family Republic  Sith :
RT The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
via and :
Imm guessing the black or orange.
:p
SO proud of SASD!!
yup.
Late next month.
Not sure about the dates yet.
and also white queerness or labor movement scholars who dont give a shit about race.
Zuckerburg opposes SOPA, you can trust this man with everything except your idea to create Facebook
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.
Chase stop telling me I'm poor with incessant notifications and texts.
I KNOW!
I stand with  for Those that don't like what he has to say, I hear Cuba is nice this time of year....MOVE!
are you lonesome tonight?
do you miss me tonight?
are you sorry we doctorfted apart?
Did you report our pizza research to ?
Should i buy tamales from the toothless lady outside of the Bexar County tax office?
Decisions...decisions...
Great meal at the Rathskellar tonight.
Everyone in the group is happy.
Now we are all sleepy...
Cool story Meryl.
Thanks for the tweet!
I hope people actually find these weekly lists helpful  no idea if anyone actually uses them!
Buddy Dusty's Corner sent me a TON of stuff to review and look over for suggestion.
Small box packed full of stuff, video coming up soon.
:O so jealous
Thanks guys for cheer me up and Michelle ill make your mix ASAP
Monsieur Harold and the Gentleman Kumar Adjourn to The Castle of White
I went to allsaints nyc great jeans and jackets and my favorite armani exchange chezk out their new sunglasses
Don't bait me cause ya ain't me.
Substate game at 12 today, everybody come out and support!!!
We're dishing out W's and ass kickings.
my gf just got signed in Chicago is it possible to get a signed if not personalized copy, I will do anything possible, please, ty
How precious is your steadfast love, O God!
All people may take refuge in the shadow of your wings
hey : follow back please or unfollow!
Frightdome later ;/ i ant believe so many people bailed !
Heck yes it is!!
Cat is out of the bag...Its Chef Alex's birthday today!!!
Everyone give him a hug!
I have one of those   no worries.
life is what it is, I'm just shocked 2see Ppl who cry out life  support
Today was too much fun.
: SneakerSaleSunday Air Jordan Retro 3 Flip 3's DS..
180 you must have a FSR cause I don't see any specific size
TOMORROW ITS A BIG DAY IN MY LIFE PRAY FOR ME AND ALSO HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVE BILL KAULITZ
praying for u bud!
Primus is an excellent band to doctorw monsters to.
I need some cream cheese yo.
I should brought some in a ziplock bag from her crib.
Remember the only thing God want is for us to love one another and to love god.
It free.
Thank you for your kind donation to our upcoming event on May 4!
Please follow us to receive updates about our eventclinic!
give you the keys to my sweet ride?
I always feel better buying music than anything else.
Rain.
Crabs.
Thank the stars we all fell in love w/ kansascity boys  beards We love ya we love ya we love ya  where you go we'll follow we'll follow
Wednesday  18th St Arts Complex saw a great documentary, LA WOMAN, interviews w/ 50 Lady artists by Kate Crash.
Divine!!!
He's more the man than you'll ever be, and you're just mad because you still think of me.
TweetAboutMorePlease 
and okay it on repeat!
His smile at the end?
I MELT.
Don't forget to watch on tonight!
Goin to own restaurant wars!
In the bus today with anthony and hubert lol losers need a life but I love them :D3
The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say, but what we are unable to say.
Anaïs Nin
No one cares about the odds...we just want to see how high it can go!
A chance means there's a chance.
wise advice
is a belieber!!
;
I think this calls for the start of a new campaign to redeem your mayorship  at least for a short time : 
Senators trooping to mic to support literacy bill before final Senate vote.
When 's good luck tweets spam your TL.
but good luck dude.
:p
go sit yo retarded, standin in the front door with tinkerbell doctorwls on eatin graham crackers watchin da trash men ass down
: IT speed dating for faculty eli2012 introducing tech to faculty in a round robin of tech tables.
you're gonna pay for me and Allie?
:3
Yes, I'm studying you, I want to be you.
Windy outside!
Wind advisory in effect, gusts up to 40mph.
All your overnight news, weather and traffic now on KXAN.
listening to music and you?
awe, they are adorable!
sigh.
easier now, but think about the future people!
All that metal...
Hey thanks for the
Um tire story, i just found Booboo on twitter and he came to IL, um why weren't we there?!?
Funny math does not add up  LETTER
Enjoy!
: : coming from mi I want them!!
I've been there.
There's always next year!
hahaaaa you loved that
At Numbers waiting for RSA to rock.

I think the ultimate promotional prize would be MNF Tickets for a season, with behind the scenes access
Kim Jong fun fact: he was the 4th member of the beastie boys.
Hence 'il communication'
Can't seem to get moving today
Previewing Joseph tonight.
Can't wait for the showing in theaters.
Join us at the Fiesta on the 26th.
well, i got my toaster : Today's the anniversary of The Puppy Episode of my sitcom.
I'm still waiting for that puppy.
you only have yourself to blame.
See u soon.
You must see rapper in
I did, bro.
Just barely.
Still hating today.
Thanks for the follow:
swaggerjackers, and they know who they are first subtweet ever
esp in social media
More official photos have been uploaded.
RT : That just has me rolling.
I'm imagining how many ways a sombrero can be turned into an elaborate derby hat.
It would be funny on Spurs for a week or two.
Terry, Cole,  doctorgba would be European Champs for life.
Ugh.
Odd Duck is on Twitter at We guarantee we're the only ducks you'll find who go tweet.
You'd love Japan.
I was there recently and 711 is very popular and has better selection than in the US.
At the half here in Macon....FINS 28 stetson 37!
TIME TO RISE UP AND DO WORK!!
fearthefin maconmadness surviveandadvance GO FINS!!!
I LOVE MY WILDCATS!
Scottsville Farmers Market is officially open.
Get here if you can!
didn't exactly see fitness glamour.
Website isn't super kindle friendly.
I understand I'm like that also, just get the doctorss!!!
And some shoes to go with it!
Lol RT : Vibrators are for girls tht can't take a real Dick...
Not cool!
His heart's in the right place though.
Weight is a tough issue to talk about.
I've been on both sides.
hello to my favorite soap actor : u hve surpassed Don Diamont in my eyes lol
You know, this buccos fan thing isn't too bad.
Agyrophobia is the fear of streets or of crossing the street
Feel like shakin this big ass tonight!!
TWEET 5000 goes out to noone else beside my absolutely perfect 3333
haha gee thanks
Wedding tip: If time allows, attend one of the bands or musicians performances to evaluate how they would sing and play with an audience
well what kind of stunts are you trying to pull here?
Will Phineas and Ferb ever go to school?
Seriously lol it's been like three or two years of Summer for them and even in Wintr o.O
Clear  Brilliant augments topical lotions/serumsmakes them go on turbo.
I think it'll replace microderm with a more precise laser option.
What about if they are grey and black camo?
Are those acceptable?
Chinese New Year!
are you talking current or all time alums?
WIDNR 85 percent of those in Wisconsin have a neutral or positive opinion of hunting.
Good lookin' out man.
Thanks.
At halftime, Bakersfield 41 LA 44
8 units left at Historic Florence Court, Call today to make sure you get the unit you want!
don't worry , it's all good ;
We are so thankfulfor mothers everywhere around the world.
Their love, support and caring makes this world go round.
Thank you.
Happy Mothers day to my amazing mom!
And all the other moms out there who give their 150 in raising their kids right!
My bucket list would def include: Lost Coast/Sinkyone; Pt.
Reyes; Sonoma Coast Camping; running along beach S of Monterey.
Gym 1pm, company meeting 4pm, doctoraming I was retired priceless.
God must love stupid people.
He made SO many.
Have fun!
:D
is so mean !
Duncan is starting where he left off against Memphis.
11 1st quarter points.
Timeout PHX
: What are they waiting for?
They need to right this wrong.
sorry i dont follow people without an avi RT for that good ol' follow
when life hands ya lemons...
It's about time we make some lemonade!
3
I feel like shit I just want to go to bed.
:/
After a warm day Monday, the storm that slowed down will finally arrive late tonight.
Windy coast  North with rain Tues morning.
cool 40s.
librarians who have MLS  another degreewhat is it?
pondering what avenue to travel next...
your birthday wish made me laugh, thank you :
or justin bieberr :
followed you!
we stayed at carib beach years ago.
Very nice.
Pop too actually.
We are too big now.
I need the big suites.
3kids/1room/painful
Crispy like them rice crispy joints
I don't have to say anything.
Look a year or so back when they were attacking PLoS all the time, there's much more to see.
be sure to check back soon!
It will be up!
i like the guy with the perry the platapus shirt.jajajajaja
Don't forget to follow fan club at
haha the food was quite delicious, I won't lie!
that games is crazy, u can go there with free play n win, 100's playing 3 dollars a push or u ould lose 100's trying to win.
I got mine in blue sharpie.
i thought most were in green?
Childoctorn in schools are allowed to pray, they are just not forced to pray.
Apparently RickPerry doesn't understand the difference.
Could the Shirts say support Robert for Ward 5?
If so I would definitely wear one!
Seriously, what would you print on them?
If you  tim had kids we wouldn't know whose features he/she would have because you both look the same oh ok mom already planning my kids
Thinking about u Kim, ur family is destined for greatness.
Ive been to Dubai and Kuwait  they are beautiful just like ur fam
Ironically, for me, Arkansas might qualify as exoticone of the states I've not visited.
looking good Hollywood
E.g.
when I scan a sketch as an underpainting for Painter, that might be born digital.
I don't trust Cole at all.
Dog Eat Hotdog
New music from and It's been a pretty good Monday.
Now, watching Intervention...and all I can think is how cute the sons of the addict are!
I'm officially done with Beckett.
We need to unload him.
Apparently, I've been a bad boy???
;
I don't think there's a worse intersection than Zafarano and Chamisa in Santa Fe.
It's a busy 4 way stop where no one knows what to do.
Who remembers still that time Snooki got punched in the face?
Lmao
What are your favorite Biographies and Documentaries by or about performing artists?
As of today, voiceovers have a new professorssional organization: WorldVoices.
What do you think of the name?
Welcome to Oklahoma !!
If you and need a tour, I have some PTO time saved up.
Oh, what fun we'd have.

you can't lol, i'm baby sitting !
haha
really?
Why
hope your day went well young ladies and you kept that thing positive!
;
Hey Justin, thanks for your interest!
And I'll see what i can do!
Sick of travel yet?
has a wealth of good indie brand taste  knowledge!
Don't believe me, take a look at all your review requests from indie brands.
i love u on ur so funny ur one of my idols none of my heros
This has probably been the shittiest week of my life.
I'm dying!
We don't have What.A.Burger.
extreme sad fave
A fool can ask more questions than seven wise men can answer.
Italian Proverb
Been busy trying to reconstitute the main mailing list.
Part 1 is done.
Now on to rebuilding the digest.
Supposed to be meeting with a student who is in desperate straits, but he didn't show.
you shut it, oh they notice, they notice
My monthly dinner club wants to do a Paleo themed nightyay!
They have been inspired by the amazing changes in my family!
Um, hazanavicius..
How about a thanks to your wife?
Lead actress?
Something?
Everybody likes me
getting started on twitter.
thanks for sharing thatinteresting stuff.
If only i were as prolific...minus the ciggies...lol!
HI LAUREN .D
Happy Birthday!
:
If you build it, they will come?
RT Shoppers want to belong.
They want to be heard.
They crave a better buying experience.
Wishing a Happy Birthday!!
Lmao.
It could happen!!
Contador has been amazing in this Giro.
Is it wrong that I have to imagine he's using doctorgs to be on this sort of form?
stop with the not being goos enough stuff.
:/
We are playing open mic night at Fountain City Coffee next Thursday!
Don't miss it!
Lost On LeMans at Fountain City Coffee 3
Is something happening with cloudbased software?
So hungry.
The pressure on.
I see open lane I must attack.
Music should make you feel good.
Flow,lyrics and concepts are missing.
of course, that goes without saying, naturally.
Follow my main account
lmaooooo bang bang
yes but I am dead inside and this contest is all I have!
Oh, I know!!
Lol
go hard brotha go HARD
Hey!
DM when you get a chance...We've been trying to reach you too!
Why was I not told about SantaCon?!
she misses you when she's taking naps as well...
SaySomethin Should seriously come on iTunes!!
Screw off Riemer!
salute to all the homies that knew NOTHING ELSE but trappin, and found there lane in the legit world
And if you dont grab em atleast ur on top of the world!
Lol i quoted pitbull on my binder!
Take every chance you can so you don't regret it later
I'm on 2, in the direction of the men's room, in a little blue room off a long rectangular open space, door side wall.
Nw Triple Dog 
The falafel laffa wrap is for sure a fan favorite!
A pleasure seeing you yesterday, Jeneba.
on the show lol .
it seem like they try to play her as a dumb blonde because she isn't as smart as them but is still smart
Going crazy...
But feeling better!
I don't know wether to say ruuuuummoooor or rumor has it in the song Rumor has it
Good bye mister starfish.
you were awesome while you were still alive.
:
It's going to be fabulous!
thebestthing is when i can sit there and make stupid faces at you over skype and how you send me music to listen to
if in two years FICO scores are generated from debit cards, we can say we were there to hear about it
corporate gifts for the anniversary of the crash!
nice.
ewww y would I want to be on oovoo with bobby lol
Still don't think Knicks are better without Amare?
More energy, better D  reb.
Amare clogs everything up and is lazy
Has anyone ever tried that Taste of India restaurant on I5?
Curious because it's one of two restaurants between SF and LA
With Ozzie Guillen, it's always about Ozzie.
Too much talk of how sad he is.
ItsAmazingHow My Mom Has Slept On The Couch The Past 2 Nights Just To Watch Over Me Since I Can't Sleep On My Bed.
I Love Her 
Girl: I'll show you how to play Minecraft!
Boy: I already KNOW how to play Minecraft.
Girl: It'll be okay.
Don't be scared.
aw thanks:
Zayn Malik I can be your Bonnie, you can be my Clyde.
x
Who all is going to Austin to hang with us at SXSW this year?
We barely survied last year...
A lot of experienced bloggers here at the Safeway event!
its stupid to just only look at last season  assume SAS will lose 1st round again.
they dont realize its a different team
U think u kno me lol
By a show of hands.
Who's gettn lit right before they eat tomorrow???
NE body??????
sweet.
we're on it.
THANK YOU.
Happy Monday!
Did you have a good weekend?
I'm online everyday..and no Jamal u look like u sum garbo at 2k lol
Rock on!
RT : PT's happy hour!
I want some sushi!
I saw it went up, TL must have done it
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
THOAMS A.
EDISON
107.37 is all I need.
We'd love for your to do a review of one of our personalized etched wine bottles.
Can we send you one?
We might move to Seattle earlier than planned if my mom does the internship down there....
Thanks for your support good brother!
It's time for some Action...AlphaAction!
06!
I believe I have caveman roots.
Sometimes I leave the house without putting on any moisturizer.
UFC 145 Fight fight Night!
Jones Vs Evans!
THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE!!
haha yeah I love Betty white.
That's like all I do.
Here's looking forward to the weekend!
HelloFriday.
It took you too many days to get here!!
I wholeheartedly agree 
You not paying attention to the movie!
you mean when i took this pic ..
right ?
we get it
Crazy guy with the ENDisNEAR sign?
Turns out he was right.
Modern dance day!
I plan on counting the number of students with confused and angry faces when I show them Merce Cunningham.
RT Early Valentines Day dinner with at one our favs
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie will premiere May 17th.
For interview request, please contact
Content with the fact every tweet I write is either about CB, ATL, P!ATD or Peeta.
Yup.
I've been thinking the same thing every time I see a subway ad.
Starships were meant to fly
these doctorvers are supposed to be the best in the world??
Seriously, one lap??
well good for you for sticking up for yourself!!
I can respect that :
it's time for bed with out sex
just got signed up with twitter looking to get it moving !!!
Who has shows this week?
Thank you.
I still use the back burner stuff all the time.
I've tweaked here and there for ongoing projects.
Works great.
Canada considers loosening rules on those entering the country with criminal records, allowing minor misdemeanors.
ly/95Nro
where are you at now?
?
ok I got it , thanks bro.
I appreciate it to the fullest
there is SO MUCH WIN right there lmao
Lots of players do things that are considered dirty.
Just a matter of if you see it or not.
feelings fuck up everything , i swear .
GET SO EXCITED!!
and I think the exact same thing!!
MLB Network's Bill Ripken joins us at 1:30pm with Bruce on The Fan AM 1060 and streaming at www.azsportstalk.com
Just allow me to say that I 'forgot' about their being a third week in September and just skipped to the 4th week....this is my story
Wish you were too!
That'd be lovely :o
Oh it will be on twitter.
You know me.
You know why.
ok long hair don't care
I want the pants
nationalhonestyday  too bad no one knows what truth is anymore bc everyone lies.
Nice job manly girl!
:D
Gathering for closing ceremonies at thatcamp SE.
We're passing the torch to Florence and Melbourne next!
note: talk will take place tomorrow, Tues 11/1.
we'll be live tweeting from the event.
follow
To everyone running or walking in the 10K today, have a great time.

who is the daymar you thought I was?
Get a lot of tweets for him...
oryeah your more ratchet than Kelsey in history
S/O from my boss Thx Kion!
: My partner in crime is making my life a lot easier this week.
Shoutout to 
I plan to continue my quest to qualify for the Aruba Classic on Ultimatebet tonight.
I'm doing well so far.
I think one of the biggest issues with the end is that it's nonsense.
You have to realize this story begins with ME1.
2007.
TheJKKid: Blue Moon!keithsdaman715: TheJKKid everyone wants to know what's your favorite beer I knew I liked u kid
vomitelolol no, it's not the list
The 1st one
Our plans miscarry Bcuz they have no aim.When a man doesnt know what harbor he is making for,no wind is the right wind.
Seneca
Save the date.
February 29.
Uncommon Ground  Devon.
Walk East with special guest Ami Saraiya.
Glad you liked the pics!
Very big day yesterday  so glad they're all home now!
I agree but that one really ate him up..
Cano is a beast, I'll give you that!
Just got home from work, that means it's finally iOS5 o'clock!

YOUR EXTREMELY STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL!
And if that doesn't give you the slightest hope your skinniness comes with
was it any good?
I don't understand how it's possible to chew with one's mouth open and not annoy oneself with the resulting sound
..
but i still need more followerzzz
Just seeing this new twitter outline.....kinda like it!!
:
I once bought 12 yards of gingham, just because it was 90 off!
Thanks for the RT!
RT : Holy Shit!
Did I really record, edit, and post an episode of in the same day??
should tell me to...
once does seem good enough.
Also saw Wilde.
Looked for Chopin but no luck finding him.
Wants the Lakers to advance just to see Ron Artest come back all amped up  do the diamond cutter on someone in the first half
It'sCrazyHow Undercover HATERS respect you the most: :
SHORTS was fun last night.
If you missed it, tonight 8pm at Theatre Project.
Girl, go to VH1 and watch episode 13, you will learn it ALL  more than you want to know!
smdh
Just saw the first pair of flip flops in March.
What my Japanese coworker calls pushing toe too early.
lmao or you could have just typed in my name!
The tables have turned today.
Wade is strolling about and WyWy's sleeping in
Moo!
Moo!
Moo!
Moosiers!
Our new seasonal, Patty's IrishStyle Cream Ale, is now on tap!
We will also have prefilled growlers available next week!
That.
was the worst weathercast I've had in a very, very long time.
Methinks I need a vacation.
thanks for the kind words.
:
Tomorrow, don't miss HBO's LIGHTS OUT  TREME Casting Director Christine Kromer: Few spaces only for this Awesome Casting office!
Wow...
Gotta doctorve in this storm :
What are you doing to to freshen up the look of your home?
Having a blind dog means never rearranging the furniture just for the hell of it.
It's almost FathersDay, which makes me wonder: those who have had a vasectomy, when did you know your family was complete?
I appreciate the follow Thank you!
I hate o Canada that's what I hate when Kings play Canadian team
I feel like I won my own Oscar last night
HEADING TO SCULPTURE GARDEN  THEN MADISON HOTEL  THEN BUSBOYS 'N POETS  ending with BOHEMIAN!!!
I hope everything works out for you Logan!
Ill miss seeing you on the road!
That is amazing!
Congratulations!
:D RT Thank you SS.
We raised over 10.6 million for Breast Cancer research!
Lot's of great conversations at the GartnerBI Summit yesterday.
message of cost savings, ease of use, and selfservice BI that d
I'm annoyed that I have to take time out of talking about how doctornk I got on St.
Paddy's day to tell potheads 4/20 sucks.
neither have I, haha, well hopefully we finally get to meet!
:
aw, that's sweet!
Lucky!!!
:p
Hello.
: You followed me and I noticed you're a fellow Chairleader.
Nice to meet you.
:3
hmm I'm not sure I can agree ;
Flight of the Conchords wins an Oscar!.
Nice!
My last day listening to sing.
wickedbummed and will missright On very much!
Gotta Make it, Trey Day So All ya TreysAngels Can Buy it.
Note to self: encourage more architecture related partying in Houston.
Philip Johnson Society, anyone???
haha only if we cud go pull tht bitch out the water for killn dude first lol
Freddie Gibbs Friday commute.
Yep.
Gabe don't like her i can tell
Its 75, why am I stuck inside?!
You don't know uh ohh
Great story in today's about the Instagram and Facebook deal
Excellent!!!
Email coming your way :
I get that from time to time about being Mexican myself, since I don't fit the stereotype either...
;
KARAOKE tonight at NINE at with Robby sing and win 85 by singing the Super Mystery Jackpot song.
Malenfant: futurists use multiple tools, gather data at present point to forecast future
wordswithfriends is addicting!
FX playing 4 episodes straight of Louie at 2 in the morning is buttfucking my insomnia.
ayyy my song.
Shoutout to the new follower  follow
Great, now I'm addicted to League of Legends.
Chihuahua costume party falls short of record  KTVN
thanks for two great sessions on choice and personalized learning at PearsonCITE.
You have given me some good ideas and resources.
Amen!
Thanks for the tip.
What ffs should be more like.
when do we do Vegas?
We only become what we are by the radical and deepseated refusal of that which others have made of us.
you should do a video about how crushed you are that they took the dolphin dive out of MW3...
Have you tried Mendeley groups?
Any specific parts that don't work for you?
find another play and I will go in goal.
I wi keep a clean sheet skipper
iLoveWhenYou tell me I'm beautiful and actually mean it.
But how can I be so sure that's the case?
youll be easy to beat then ;
None but ourselves can free our mind.
Bob Marley
postFF thanks and 'right back at you'  !
They are World Champions after all.
NP TPain  When I Come Home
RT Follow your bliss  the universe will open doors for u where there were only walls.
Joseph Campbell
Clearly I DO need more coffee.
you're so GOOD at nerdtweeting I wish you'd begun earlier!
But more importantly, Happy Launch Day!
I Want a lala makeover lol.
hey hows it going??
haha im sorry I have somthin calledBIEBERFEVER
Map: The 12 States of America from
A GOOD GIFT FOR FATHER'S DAY  FATHERING WORDS: THE MAKING OF AN AFRICAN AMERICAN WRITER by E.
Ethelbert Miller
Happy Easter!
we were at sertich the kids take ice skating.
Back up north now.
Where were u?
and he should kinda follow me.
Thanks for the FF!
u go girl lol i lioke the new and improved u uve come a long way from dopey dave
Economic Development Corp.
of KC website still lists Bob Langenkamp as its interim CEO, even though Pete Fullerton has had CEO job for weeks
Tiffy on Twitter works fine.
One of these days, she's gonna tell EVERYTHING.
And I'll be following :
Trey Grimm tonight 8pm, make your requests from lady gaga to Bruce Springsteen to Billy Joel
RT : Loved the ribs, they fall off the bone!
Simply amazing.
RT : Thanks for stopping by and hope you...
find him at
Just got back home from tour!
Sounds perfect.
We'll get in touch via email to sort out the details.
I don't remember sis
Say it isn't so that Sugarland comes to UCSD the same day I hope to be racing in Seattle...
Good day  just literally blew up in my face
We hope the boyz are okay!
Why is brandon bass taking that shot??!!!
games not over yet bane!!
If they win then it will Easter!
The weather is smoking hot and so's Anya Marina.
Blee dat!
A bunny.
As in the energizer bunny.
B/c the party keeps goinggoinggoing..
RT : If was any animal, it would be a
awe is so sweet!!
you make me smile.
except when u work early
I guess Mac Browns blood is not burnt orange after all.
razorcut?
poppedzit?
IM THINKING BOUT DOING A REMIX TO TPAIN 5' O'CLOCK
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line
what do you want stormy Craig ?
Lol
you looked stunning!
gonna knock over a few vases in the house, so the man realizes i broke them on purpose when i was wearing the cone.
Couldn't get through a day without it!!
it is a good thing
I often wonder how Tubby may have said Terrance based on the way he said Erik and Gerald.
I hope I find wat I'm lookin for mayb I should just doctornk a lil bit more
Watching upallnight on NBC..jury is still out on it!
no prob hope it helps...
We have a lot of updating to do.
Didn't know we could do categories til 3/4 way done.
that's everyday 4 me hahah
It's all good!
Thanks for the RT, Jackie :
That stomach ache you get when you accidentally rack yourself  0.o
Thanks !
RT as good as an Amen!
Hyperextension of the knee
thanks man!
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Amen.
U will b okRT : When people walk away from u, let them go.
It doesn't mean they're bad, but their part in ur story is over.
Decanter Friday  Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar.
Come see what waits for you in our decanter deals.
Doors open at 4:30pm  Salud !
Your welcome darling!!!
and hopefully!!!!:
Ive done nothing but watch the NBAplayoffs all day long
served, set, spiked.
RT : Wow!
There are some great deals on right now  massages, yoga, art.
Check it out and support !...
so can I babe.
I already miss mister Dancingbymyself
Uh, well I'd hope not.
do I lose points for spelling crustacean wrong?
crustacean Thanh Long 1971
yes.
hes so hot.
like i can't even.
Yes, I'm focused on the game, but taking a T.O.
to note that the Ricky Gervais/Golden Globes is brilliant.
Nice job, creative services!
Homework done and its not even midnight!
Woo hoo!!!!
ha ha everything is a deal these days, i don't buy it if it's not, esp if there are 1300 of them floating around
Ciroc  this sprite 
being flooded lately with what appears to be SEOtrolling spam from diploma mills, but might be legit grad student queries.
sigh.
You spent our rent money on Philipino hookers?
So?
You got a problem with that.
Lol things we say in school.
Post hot tub/beach glow :
Ah yes, the WoW.
Unfortunately, suspended on my end.
well done with Khet 2.0.
Congrats on the Andoctorid launch!
Happy Friday everyone!
You going to the 12:30 sesh on philanthropy and the digital public dialogue?
Just when I think Dan Snyder has learned his lesson  not waste picks, he pulls this lol RT : nuts...
crazy..insane
hahaha let's try it at least once.
Is this a delayed tweet?
I don't think they play till 6.
RT Tough loss by the Crew today.
Quite the slugfest.
that is a great show!
News PGA champ Bradley opens with a 65 A doctoram year for PGA champion Keegan Bradley might not be over yet.
Angelica Mendoza  Lidia AlvaradoCongratulations on your 4th Anniversary as a JanPro Franchise!
Thnks for keeping Sacto's business clean!
Mimicing my teacher makes her happy lmao especially in French!
Tired as fuck.
Great Sunday morning.
Just got back from an 8.5 mile walk on oakleaftrail with an alterra on the lake coffee stop half way.
Whew!
What a busy day at work.
I am looking forward to the three day weekend.
Hopefully, we will have a relaxing weekend with nothing to do.
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over.
But had me believing it was always something that I'd done...
On set about to do our scene with
Bloggers and reporters, be nice to those pitching you.
Businesses and PR folks, be nice to bloggers and reporters.
Have soft kitty, warm kitty...
running through my head.
And it's not even Thursday yet!
Ok great, I have a place thats booked right now, but soon they will call me for more artist, remember to inbox me!
Watchin The Avengers online
find a uni that offers custom majors.
Some let you submit a proposal with a class sched and if approved they'll let you major
I forget what it's called.
It's number 16 haha.
Turkey BLT!
busy woman, I like hopesolo too..
Really!
I don't keep up with Baseball, but that sounds like 12/21/12 may be for real.
CollegeFootballMan 116DaysToGo RTR
Giving this Marsha Ambrosius a 2nd listen...
GOOD MORNING LOVES!!.
rest her voice and...
browse twets
I agree
yeah he does but you can't tell me that MC hammer and BMF don't sound the same .
And they are both Lex Luger beats
keeps breaking the internet.
you heard it from me first
well you know how I do
twitter apologies?
Classy!
She let me hide my weed in her'ies
Whats your email I can have you a few songs in there by 3:00?
went doctorving today...not bad at al!!!l
sure thing!
Ever been down to Atlanta?
Gone into LGA and JFK before, imagine Newark has got to be a little less crazy haha!
My timeline is a little boring Need some entertainment can we get a twitter war going here You guys do it best haha and
BREAKING: North Carolina's state tree, the pine, has officially been replaced with the bigotree.
via
Thanks everyone who came out for Dare Project 19!
We literally couldn't do this without you.
Dare Project 20 will be in May.
Stay tuned!
Last day of alise2011.
It's been great!
Going to catch one more session this morning, then hopefully convene with some alamw11 folks.
Sleeping schedule is all out of wack.
No bueno!
Stopped in for a doctornk at Upper Deck in Berea..weird crowd tonight
Theme to Clockwork Orange by Tiesto, forgot how much I love this song.
The, the, the...THE GRINCH!
Family tradition time.
Carrey should've won an Oscar for this role.
Damn doctornk idiots they thee a captainin Morgan alcohol bottle through my kitchen window!
Disproportionately delighted to hear What It Is by Mark Knopfler playing in the grocery store today.
Junior High Plays...
The awesome thing is that its not gonna be me.
I may want him more than he wants me.
But I definitely don't need him more than he needs me.
We officially have a 1st AD!
Woo!!
For those who don't know an AD coordinates the crew/scheduling and is the director's left hand.
Perfect!
Are we having fun yet?
Dudes, North Ave is closed all day onTuesday Dec.
13th!!!
Plan accordingly!
Ugh i know!
It sucks...
We need to meet up okay?!
OKAY :D And omg that'd most defiantly be the best party!
No discoballz allowed!
cant wait to see the new house pookieee 3
Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mom!
Thank you for being so supportive, taking photos and always picking out the best doctorsses!
What up with the Boosie Case BR
I called a million times around 9ish an ur phone was off I got arrested  i meant saturday not last nite lol
no, girl!
Lol!
I'm still in the ATL.
I was just trying to tell him he oughta move away from Florida!
lol good cuz I was like you spy on people?!
Lol :P
Changing careers after 15 years and we are 20 weeks away from welcoming a new member to the family.
What a difference a few 100 days make.
Oh and happy birthday  I realized I was also counting down to your birthday not just my book
no fuck you!!!!
The last time I looked at Linux was in high school when the GUI was still just an options.
I'm going for a RHCT through work.
WHO WANT THIS DOG?
Good morning tweeps!
Things feel like their back on track!
The universe is revealing itself again:
GM!
Failure is the tuition you pay for success...
Sounds like a plan.
My phone died shortly after that last msg, so I waited for a bit then wandered back to the party.
things been CRAZY!!!
Finally the big timers playing like they should
Having great time at central catholic auction.
Choir killed it !
Came home early.
I don't feel good at all.
fine I will gosh 
Hey I hope you enjoyed your Father's Day weekend!
When would you like me to come into to talk?
My story today after christmas shopping...and now I know what I'm doing after work too many good deals to resist
a jersey  a hat ?
Homeland finale/season was so awesome!
I can't wait for more.
HappyHolidays from me and Cheers!
Excited to ride the tram to snowboard today
will the weather please just decide if it wants to be sunny or rainy?
mmk, thanks.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.
Napoleon Hill
That's a great service  idea!
Congrats!
Twiggs also has a good breakfast
Keep it up Clippers 9mins
Thunder : Indiana side woo !
Should I just take my iPad on my next trip or lug along my MacBook Pro too?
Thinking.....
Awesome view!
How long have you been in business?
Who's the founder?
Just got home tired af
Nothing hits one quite as hard as the muffled blow of Monday morning.
Don't define yourself on what people think.
Define yourself by how your present yourself to others.
very unprofessorssional
I followed now follow back, please ?
When a girl says whatever, she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark, and then eaten by it.
no need to explain the photo turned a quarter
aww thanks Zach!!
I've never colored my hair either, but I've been wanting to try it.
I think color would look great on The Rachel.
fridayreads finished How the Garcia Girls lost their accents by Alvarez for book club  started Still Missing by Stevens
Philip Glass and Tim Fain amazing performanceFain playing Glass' works on violin spectacular
why am i soo jealous when it come ti the boys ?
Dogs love me cause i'm crazy sniffable.
beastie boys
No problem!
Is coming out with a new album soon?
I don't know how much longer I can wait.
Hey!
's Bryan Fonseca designed lights for ' Rebecca.
I woke up today and said fuck first period.
No matter what season of the year, you're always on my mind at one point or another.
thanks!
and n'aaw why am I cute luv?
xx
and she would belive it
I watched it.
Newcastle competitive but big gap in QUALITY.
Thus result.
RT : This tweet implies you did not watch the game.
To live is the rarest thing in the world.
Most people exist, that's all.
So I had this girl neck deep in some mild sauce from Harold's ...
Did you find your cot?
Performing my new single Don't Fuck With My Makeup at SFSU's open mic night tonight with and
we would definitely need a photo of that : 
We have gone thru 7 lbs of bacon at Red Kettle Cookout.
did u know:NEVER refuse medical care after accident.u may be hurt  not know.if u don't get treated u can't get reimbursed
and every goal I score
yay!
Ill be in roc for brick city.
My mom will be there too.
Maybe we can fit something in!
Quantum Leap is now steaming on Netflix...
Ha Ya!!!
m/
wow you and 4 other people looks like rager
Where'd you get the idea that I rap?
What the heck, must have me confused.
Hurry up telephone!
I know hard to do but had to sit Blake.
K Martin playing so good.
Reggie Evans is a beast.
Funny thing, I have eaten at White Marsh, and the food sucked.
Canton had way better food and service.
Is it sad that I've taken religion classes yet I don't remember shit?
haha yeah i heard..
hell no.
lmao
RT : Im from Cleveland!
you will smile now, ill make you cry later ;
It's a booming businesshome healthcare.
The folks at explain next on time warner ch 362
what is subtweeted?
Performance is one thing, her voice was amazing!
are the fans annoying?!
Truly enjoyed the new Hardywood Singel!
hardywood Glad to see a new brewery in Richmond.
he said tht hurt mi feelings i say FuckYoFeelings das life
Showing some Chardonnay love and support to your feed!
is it possible to upgrade my husband since you upgraded me
Fun fact: babies don't produce tears until they are at least six to eight weeks old!
jumpin' on the Prince Royce bandwagon.
Yep he's my bro!
Had a great time  The  Zo Show.
I still feel the Novation..
Dope.
You will not want to miss the beginning of worship today at !!
totally thought was proposing :
giant foam ipod!
One of these days in taking to Zumba!!!
So fun.
Currently doing Zumba with a margarita for
yikes.
Who are you traveling with.
Or are you finally taking your solo stuff on the road :
Thug life
I feel like watching Just My Luck again
Just ate my lunch chicken and spaghetti...um great
That thing where your recently ofage roommate puts wine in the freezer...
In a very, VERY long line at the Met to see the Alexander McQueen exhibit.
This better be good!
In Jamaica, it must be really tough to tell whether they're talking about Gumby's horse buddy, or Pokemon.
RON PAUL 2012
Oh it printed like that!
The whole section is totally messed up...my bf looks like he's wearing lipstick and eyeliner.
Well, our printer's broken.
you can't make the same mistake twice.
the second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake.
it's a choice.
Ok.
Fine.
I'm going to watch 's wifey on tomorrow!
how so?
All the terminology?
let them hate we just win
Great Deal.
The First 25 Long Island Businesses to list or claim their business will receive upgrade to showcase for 1 year!
A 99.00 VALUE.
However, now I have two papers and a project to face.
Oh yeah finals too 
Third time going to a home improvement store today because this damn project is going to kill me...
it's 'a fundamental shift'  'revolutionary user experience'  'an evolved set of tools'
winning!
seriously i'm winning!

you were amazing on Glee tonight!
Ur a rocker!
good point!
i didn't chase folks down  insist they take my advice just tried to be visible  available.
no, I agree.
More pressure when there's a history of winning vs not.
Understandable with those guys.
Happy Friday!
Be blessed today!
We at CFN Music are so thankful for you!
Great point!
Everyone, including me, forgot that Rory once had a Tigerlike attitude
no?
Lol how does that even make sense?
Timeline is a cool concept  but hopefully we see some more innovative ways to use Apps.
Better be careful about calling a DB.
Suh is here.
Rick Mahorn makes him look like a DB.
Tulsa has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians!
Be sure to support your local artists!
your status has been updated
was at Tin Roof Lexington, KY tonight and they played Oklahoma Breakdown.
oh those hipsters...
but aren't there enough independent filmmakers to generate more interest?
KC mo in a couple hours ah yea
2 days left
cause its liquid!
Haha 
Switching it up this morning.
Listening to SiriusXM Prime Country on DISH Network.
All 80s  90s country, all the time!
any time any place.
I love me some Sam Cooke.
LIVE!
May 27th  Queen Bee's in San Diego!
8pm :D
AUDITION: Applegate Farms Commercial
Yeah!
Back to writing tomorrow!
lighthouse decorative china?
I can't wait until i'm able to get a car..
even if its a piece of shit, it will be my piece of shit.
JUSTIN TUCK needs to put the NEWYORKRANGERS on his back and win game 7 he'salreadydoneitinanothersport
hope it's Michael Jackson!
i signed it :
No offense, but that that TOTALLY beats the Super Bowl
At least they find new and interesting ways to lose games
LMAO this nigga always has a smile on his face!
wow!
Your mean to me ever since you started getting girlfriends!
Got delivery from Papa Johns,Bought a Computer Chair.Wish everyone was cool like Me!
Wow ..nasty block on blake

I just saw the satc episode where Anthony says that about stone washed jeans lmao love it!
Classic lol
...And improved that mark a year later when his horses earned 27,116,097.
In 2010, the trainer won his first Wood Memorial with Eskendereya
Hmm I really want octopus sushi but im in a car soo I cant order out.
All I want to do is work and write with it would work
Are we really not going to use the account anymore?
What are you going to do?
Change the passwords?
U SMILE IS NUMBER 4 ON ITUNES!
It needs to be
The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for the things beyond your reach.
thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the RT !
RT : Awesome tips!
10 Ways to Turn Your Blog...
entrepreneur.com/article/220244 via
looking like a skaterat, why do girls find that attractive?
The 4:40 p.m.
Iron Lady is packed.
So THIS is how white people celebrate MLK Day.
I could give you money and that will remind you of how your mom made a living before welfare.
Well done!
i hate that I'm not going to watch loiter squad today.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
Institute of Noetic Science brings lens of science to multidisciplinary mysteries of consciousness, Marilyn Schlitz in tv interview today.
Both teams shud have booked one more room.
The pitchers room.
Wow!
A hitters game apparently lol.
Fun4the fans!
I feel like right now is a bad time to be the President of France.
or kill whatever is in front of you until you feel better
We can finally see the weather for home opener...scattered showers 82 degrees !!
Just 10 days away..
nope lmao..
13th grade of emsisd here I come
Legacy of deindustrialization?
bmoresdui Im a spin em On my show Sat.
you hate me
and the countdown starts for concert on 4/21 at HOB in orlando.
i honestly haven't been this excited in a long time 3
Tweet Tweet Like A Bird Got Me Hangin Out On Every Word Girl Lets Stop This Pretending We Both Know This Love Is Trending
HUNN!!!
Jumps into your arms!
Hanging in there.
How are you?
I'm only doing Blue and Gold day because my 1st period teacher said she would give us EC if we did.
NewGirl is the best part of every Tuesday!
i had a tweet in a minute
got it!!!
and I were gonna have those but I don't like tacos with sauce and she does.....
Wats the plans for tonight ladies?????
Door Hardware, Knobs, Levers, Handlesets, and Locks  Emtek ...
Gratitude is the best attitudeAnonymous
Birthday comin up on the 25th...damn ,what to do?
LIVE VIA SKYPE AT THE AIRPORT WITH
SUSHI LUNCH SPECIAL: Executive Chefs choice of 2 tasty maki  3 oh so screaming fresh pieces of sashimi or nigiri.
Miso soup  call it a day
Thx for the heads up.
I had not seen that story yet.
haha we do it big in the Von!!
W.
Greg Henson Joins NCI as Corporate Senior Vice President of Business Development
Just did a radio show  all callers wanted to know was if I've had an interracial sexual relationship.
WTF?
Like talking to George Wallace.
i was just asking what artist have you sold your beats too?
i told u its classified meaning u hav to earn the high rank to earn the classified stuff
I really hate the twitter over capacity.
It depends.
Some septic systems and pipes will object.
no reason
we've been doing live music for awhile: every Thursday at 7 and usually Saturday or Sunday!
Yo, mention us to your friends and shit.
We would love that.
oh yeah I didn't disagree lol
Budinger SpriteSlam brings back blindfold dunk to Orlando
What's up with all these people who keep their Twitter accounts private?
What have you got to hide?
You don't know me You don't even care She said you don't know me You don't wear my chains
Posted some photos from the screening to twompfilm.tumblr.com finally...
Saw lots of cameras though, so if you have some more let me know!
sounds good to me!!
Its raining :c
Yay for today :D
This should only cost 75 to 100 a pair whe created by a DDS that you have good relationship
Thank you for the invite.
Of course, winning the case of beer didn't hurt either!
;
it was great a shoot today!
Nice meeting you
you didn't come last night!
:
Hope is contagious.
So is despair...
um idk brb
Family junk.
Me  my longboard are not friends with sticks  pine cones anymore
ah ha!
lol Someone is telling me that skype  factime is better for them sinec they dont have an unlimited cell plan
doctorving next to a family and all of them are smoking cigarettes...
This special on Magic Johnson is really good.
Magic  ESPN
I'd give my girl the attention she thinks she deserves but I wouldn't lose myself either.
thanks for following : hope your enjoying this great weather.
We are having an amazing time at STXFWE We love St.
Croix!
Life is such a unknown world.
I could listen to Hugh Jackman all day long .
.
.
Our PA is about 95 functional...just need to test the Subs...but it's sounding great!
Me too!
Been long few weeks, just want a beer  caps win.
RT : hope u get home.
Going to be a great game!
says: Slant of Light is not just superb period fiction; its superb fiction, period.
MT : Looking forward to meeting some great students at Boston University's career fair on Monday!
Had the weirdest doctoram with one direction, enjoyed it though ;
Try outs for you screamers Thursday!
If you are interested, leave a post, or comment and we will provide you with details.!
:
Tomorow is gonna be great, i get to get out of school early, perform a play, then go to formal with my bestfriend.
KTSH artist coming up in 30!
it's like a really pretty sunset!
He, and no he visits the school often though.
The whole time I was like...
mister I KNOW WHAT A URL IS!
I HAVE 4 BLOGS!
Isnt it obvious ;
Gonzalez was totally safe
Are you thinking about running the LFM?
I want a white suit.
: Warmer in WI today than it is in San Diego!
SMH that just means Packers home field advantage!
Have tundoctor...will travel
the Facebook IPO is just proof that it takes money to make money.
Those without likely will never have it.
You can always split up the WFR by taking a WAFA and then a Bridge within three years.
4 days each, less expensive.
no probs bro they were bomb!!!!!
Swear you sprinkled some crazy stuff in there !!!!
High achievement always takes place in a framework of high expectation.
should text me like noww.
thank you you're music helps me when im in a pissy mood
yep  YES!
RT : Yey!
So many feelings, right?
word...?what u think of the ep
oh dear now manchester city has an advantage
Have a magic and unique Thanksgiving day...LOVE
The holidays this year have just been murder on the liver.
ReconciliationLaw  Incorporates resources necessary to do the work  marriage education  legal consultant.
chipping and half shots.
Productive.
Thanks.
Hope your day was
danced till i doctorpped last night!
Thanks hon!
might be preseason acc favorite next year if Leslie stays
I'm no doctor, but I think it's chlamydia.
Greatest city on Earth.
Sad you have to leave so quickly.
Perfect weather today as well.
You guys have been playing great, Seth.
Good luck against the tips.
hello neighbor!
: I love doctornk straight Guys!!!!
me too cause we can do whatever we want to them
I cleaned it up a lil for you.
:
Additional big ups to the classy folks at Chicago Deskset for helping to spread the word.
Hilarious!
RT : Shoutout to at webwise for his stellar attendance record BUT HE'S NOT HERE YET
Another day a new swag...sessioncity today..and the excitement of this new record for on a mtv unpugged stye..damiesnrunnies!
Greetings!
We are a beautybar boutique that carries BODY BLING thebest!!!
Plz supportstartups and follow us!
THX!
Refuse To Worry.
GOD Will Fix It.
my life
It's great with 1/2 frozen banana, a little honey  cinnamon, too.
Swear I'm up here HuRT!
The only reason I didn't do it was because of my ADD.
I did a similar marathon w/ friends recently.
A2 I do my best work on the sofa.When decorating my house, I made sure the livingroom was a space I could be creative in.
any questions send em in!!!
But its definately not what I ordered.
The Newark office is open today from 85.
110 HIgh St 315.331.5721.
No appt for optical.
All NEW patients get 30 off glasses
always makes for an awkward situation
Yeah that sounds about right delete some
If love isn't a game, why are there so many players?!?!
No Will, happiness is the ability to release wants.
Accept the blessing of the moment.
Wanting less makes room for happiness
ILoveMusic but my FavoriteSong Is always gonna be TTYLXOX by
Should be fixed now!
AH MY KNEES FREAKING HURT.
Somebody please come kiss them.
ha!
I'm a dork.
Nice to meet you.
Update: little baby's in the hospital for a second overnight.
Meredith is there with him and I'll be caring for the other boys.
I'll pass I've never been a cinnamon roll person aha
up n ready to b the first one at the dmv...
Idiocy and Yay, Verily, Idiocy Perpetual
like on the way....
Wisconsin, we have 27 days.
And the whole world is still watching.
Get to the point!
.
knows now, after talking w/ SD's port staff, that Dole imports fruit from Mex.
WhewGlad we got that straight!
EveryBody Wants Aye Relation Ship Buhh Dont Want The Problems Thaa Come With It
any interest in carpooling to UCSB from LA?
It's good for the environment, and I've been told I'm good company ;
ok just got home and pretty sure im about to do the sleep thing.
KIRBY DOTS
20 items out the door, on their way to various parts of the world!
Can't beat working for yourself!!!
New stuff coming soon.
Can't wait to share.
people that your cell phone  want to bang I think it is funny peep game talk shit to people's face not over the phone..stop being fake...
ARealBoyfriend MARRY YOU....
Instead of JUST keep saying WIFEY and your HAND BARE
My Mom loved the card.
Thanks!
SO awesome and exciting!
I'm focusing on my last semester of school now and contemplating what to do next.
oh, ok i cnt believe this happened
Make that happen RT God, I'd really like to be making money right now
Bouta make throw it all awayThe kr3w  my ringtone :
i absolutely love your music.
hollywood undead is the best!
Haha yes, yes it is :
Great meeting, always good to hang out with the creatives!
Just know grandma is looking down on you smiling.
I'm sure she is beyond proud of you.
3
The Knicks didn't play today.
: RT : Score in the Knicks game anyone?
great to see you up there in the booth on the YES broadcast just now!
Reminds me of YanksRoyals playoffs when I was a kid :
San Diego!
Crash Thursdays !
Roman Reloaded jus sound demonic af
Defend the Moneymaker xoxo
Need to improve your salary in the IT field?
Enroll at KSI and get an IBM Rational Certification.
www.ksi.edu
Hm.
Dead officer's signature on 2,000 red light citations.
no, not CLDX, is that supposed to be funny when a company messes up?
what was my time frame on that one?
not there yet
I believe it's true.We know there were many Chinese in L.A.
but I should ask my grandpa.
I ordered that book.
Thanks
We are open all day so let's get your order in for the Super Bowl party!!
If you throw a cat out a car window does it become kitty liter?
how has your morning been so far?
: 3
wait to u come to Chicago.
What will you do with your gift of today to improve your state of mind, spirit, wellbeing, relationships, outlook, home  health?
Check it out!
Free new album today from via : www.comeandlive.com
overachiever much?
;
follow back please?
:
Thx for including the tweetvery cool paper.li!
TOPR  teaching online pedagogical repository.
Curation of effective pedagogical practices.
SCOTUS takes on Obama Care next week.
What's your opinion?
Scott and Cheryl offered theirs.
Let's hear from you!
007 Golden Eye Status!
the candy bag you left here is very tempting
big day in baseball i am watching a lot of it
I'm in San Fran.
Plz play NCOE by for me.
Came all the from MN to hear him play on your radio!
TwSIG TweetDeck and HootSuite are two ways to manage twitter.
Roadfeeder to captainre tweets.
SocialBro another one
cwcon If you're going to CW, and if interested in classtesting a cool peer review tool, please email me  nick.carbone at gmail.com
I recommend getting out of the French Quarter and going to the Delachaise.
Some of the best food in NOLA.
Show time in 5
Thought I missed my train, like a dummy, so I made a creepy pigeon noise.
Now i'm late and clearly bat shit crazy.
Thanks for including me in your Daily!
so the afternoon is def not flying by....NUTS
I know they are buddies but they can hang in the offseason
had 2 clean up my mommy house 2day....5 rooms down 4 more 2 go
Back in Chicago it's 49 degrees.
Here, it's 83.
WINNER
Out to breakfast with my daddy :
We will definitely put it in rotation!
Are you ready for the HBCU Awards 2012?
Great Open House  the Reserve of West ridge 10216 Flat Creel Trail.
Open until 3pm.
www ScottBensonRealty.com
HAPPY CAPS LOCK DAY
Looking for wholesale investment properties to buy in the Ft Lauderdale area.
Also looking for hard money/private investors......
I was with mister50 packing sweet potatoes into mesh bags for hungry families in NYC yesterday
This song is about doing mushrooms  Chad Kroeger, Huntridge Theater, circa 2002.
mine too!
I've been watching fantasy factory for the past hour
Kevin, you're ridiculously cute, but what the fuck are you doing to your head in your noh8 photo?
Hello Jordan!
Umm, yeah, I totally forgot what month this is..
Whups.
Thanks!
Good night of music by at the Hilton, Portsmouth, NH.
Any alumni going to mlanet12 ?
Looking for a job at a camp this summer?
Contact me.
I can help.
Had a good minilunch with my brother  the fam...
excited about 2012
Taxi???Where are we at tonite Raleigh?????6332606 i will be there in a jiffy!!!!!
:
For a long time, marriage existed as a way to sell your daughter.
consequenceofheterosexuality?
Don't tell me what to spend my money on.
There are times when I am going to buy useless shit.
He'll be back around.
They always come back.
: Did you get results to that contest?
Been M.I.A.
for a while here
Boo, you whore.
Last night in Cortland with my loves.
Your new winter avatar is freaking me out.
awesome!
Are you hanging out with ??
I use Chrome and IE, on several different machines, and yep it's updating constantly.
Arie Shoshani talked about applications of FastBit indexing by John Wu at LBNL.
Laughing at people when they fall down the stairs
And we all know bitches love smiley faces!

Hey you two I hope i get a tweet soon /3 Hope your having a good day Love u too
shoot was pretty amazing!
is incredibly talented and got some great shots of myself and
RT : This week at Le Chéile: TONIGHT: Blazing Saddles at The Big Uptown Monthly Classic Movie Night
I hate taylor swift, but her songs are relatable to listen to
Harry Potter looks like it might be good.
Lots of good movies this summer Especially Transformers..squarespace for the iphone!
RT I want to get a locket with a picture of chest hair in it.
haha and those one random idiots that your dad was making fun of
finishing packing then hopping on the train 
whoops i open my big mouth again :/
some uglyass guy someone said looked like prodigy i was Lol madd hard i almost died LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOO ''.
You know you're having a hard day when you pick up Intellectuals and Society and see the title Intellectuals and Suicide
It's gold.
I just played Remedy by Black Crowes on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
i like your version, too!
TY for escaperoutes FordEscape winners RT.
What an amaZing experience for all teams!
Keep us posted on your next venture!!
Hey, does Romney's bank accounts in Switzerland make mister.
Romney a Swiss Miss
ok : i remember those days lol
i wish i went :/
I have no trust in you for all the shit you put me through.
When are the vids from my last show going up?
Still in awe over the leadpoisoned baby bald eagle that rehabber Kathy Woods is saving.
Check her out on FB: Phoenix Wildlife Center.
Missing u and that sassy Albanian.
showering, going to my dads to take pictures, then movie night with the jackie : : MUCH needed.
3
Hope we're not too late!
Booth 425!
Hanging with Keely : This should be interesting.Dance party : haha.
Just saw at the milwaukee theater
Looking forward to heading over to KBIS later this AM.
Many thanks again to for the pass!
thanks for the shout out of from Grafton!
then we will snuggle....
I give up on trying to do my homework..
:Without me friend I see how you are....sounds yummy!
eating clean today wow I feel so much better check out Mymaxmuscle on youtube coming soon
Um...
What happened to the twitter??
It's all wrong.
Whew!
I was about to revoke your gay card!!
house hunters for hoarders....brilliant.
only going to have 2 days of school this week :D
you already have kids?
I should be teaching a Ivy league class/school!
Who's signing up!!!
You believe you're imaginary friend loves you unconditionally but will damn you to eternal torture if you're 'bad'?
Follow the rain doctorps to !
Join for free post highlight tapes and photos it is win win for you no cost for anything
We haven't generally planted highallergen trees.
It's an important issue  our org will chat about it internally.
The history of coffee can be traced to at least as early as the 9th century, when it appeared in the highlands of Ethiopia.
At the BT Vendor Fair at Embassy Suites in Concord,NC!
Stop by Booth 71 Wed am, find out why EPP is THE publisher with an Eye on New China!
Just because you say nohomo does not make it not gay.
the Miller/Jones lob was sick!!!!
In the first half!!!!
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 23 ft  knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
well!
The jury is still WAY out there about this TWITTY BIRD stuff atleast for me!
Phew.
I'm gonna say you're both right and walk away.
heard your segment on Braun.
You're part of the defamation team, huh?
Ratings whore, factsoblivious.
2 days of school then off to Chicago for 5 days for BPA Nationals!!!
Tonight's 74 Red Sox win might provide the spark Boston needs for a powerful momentum swing.
Now let's sweep the O's.
i wasnt impressed by either of your tweets.
some people in my school don't know what a fucking shower is 
My prayer this morning is to get the Max out of me
probably all my tweets countering his lies
o thats awesome!!
i applied to be in your family..
on twittercullens.com
That amazing feeling when someone tells you they get your tweets sent to their phone
No I'm missing itt :
Crying.
I just listened to the teaser for gmyh.
HOW MANY MORE DAYS?!
I seriously would get sick the last full week of school 
Highschool lacrosse: Bumps, bruises are a way of life for goalies
I've got tickets!
Can't wait to see you from the sixth row!!!!
Can I get a happy birthday shoutout?
I'm still hyped up from last night's win!
Even though that was the crappiest talk ever.
It helped.
Thank you.
3
yep.
Like a gun in the first act of a play.
will you bring it tomorrow?
I'm always braindead and forget to remind you, haha.
Does anyone else think that Justin Bieber looks like Hilary Swank?
is this random enough for you?
Checking in  Edward Kienholz 5 Car Stub exhibit  LACMA!
Happy New Year Tweeple!
Only 10 minutes to go...!
Last night I doctoramt about eating the most delicious crunchy tacos.
I hope tonight it's grilled cheese...
My world has been blow apart: could it be true what they're all saying about me?!
I'm sorry, my whiskey highlight word triggered.
Name a date and time.
SwapYourFrock  How To Get A Cheap Futon  futons for cheap
At a wedding for the second straight weekend.
This one will be a lot different
Sex is irrelevent unless there is good communication there...it will always make the sex better
When it comes to looking the part as producer is probably our best aesthetic fit.
what's wrong wit you??
text me asaperzz
Do we get to eat pie on PiDay?
I wish!
Yo Tweeps!
Fri NITE  the ULTIMATE WigOUT party!!
Wear your Fav Wig and get in for FREE all night!
21 Doors at 9pm Only
Happy Easter :
I hear that, but the Seahawks don't have the luxury of using a 3rd rd pick for training camp competition
no school tomorrow yay
you guys post some of the silliest things I swear.
he hates ALL SINS.
all sins are equal in God's eyes, am I wrong?
I don't think he was, he never cheated.
Go Spurs Go!!
Oh you're dating my ex?
Cool, I'm eating a sandwich, want those leftovers too?!
have any if you had a ghost encounter?
:o
NIce to meet you, sir.
All well here.
and you?
Which 'undiscovered place' could you rediscover over and over again?
Celebrating the right way.
Watching Sabrina with
Well 1st..
Y wasn't Evans catch not reviewed??
2nd..
Matt Stover we miss u!!
32yds??
U GOTTA make those Cundiff!
i have like noo money!
and no way to get any!
im going to cry:
ME TOO he just did!!
A Toshiba Laptop will be auctioned at 10pm!
It pays to be in the family :
Is Roy Truman in this story?
haha
Wonders of the World: Why the water level, in the toilet, never changes whenever you urinate.
I bought a new york snapback in boston yea mad dope ik ;
There is not a better feeling than seeing hard work starting to pay off.
C.M.M.G.
Although Howard Carter discovered Tut's tomb in 1923, the clearance of over a 1,000 objects within the tomb continued until 1932.
DopeRT : Signed autographs next to Sublime today, met Amber Rose for the first time, and smoked more spliffs than I can remember.
woman with the tattooed hands 3
well, at least tomorrow is friday : goin to bed!!
goodnight all you beautiful people!!
xx
I wish you the same.
And you'll get there before me
Eat often and well five or six times a day so that your body is always satisfied.
maybe you can do that later.
We're having crappy weather here today so idk what I'm going to do.
In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important.
If you tell someone you love them, for instance,
Riding the packed bus through Chinatown today was more disconcerting after watching Contagion last night.
I'm terribly sorry it seems that I had your Sharona confused with mine
Hopefully you'll be next!
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
1st Blue Ribbon Friday 2nite Catch a show, a brew  hang w/the cast, all courtesy of
I love it when I get out of the shower  my tits are especially soft.
Women are the reason why, we men, do all that we do.
Happy
Another beautiful day to help collect signatures!
Someone's looking out for ward5se candidates!
N Brookland.
Call 2028001232 to help!
exactly !
He didn't ever teach
I done did.
No reply.
That raptors decal really messes with your eyes
Mike Brown is coaching the Cavaliers on the screen to my left and the Lakers on the screen to my right.
Weird.
IfOnlyICould go back in time
Overheard at work: Do it this way, it's a shortcut.
Why?
Sarah said.
She's an Axys ninja.
And that wasn't racist!
every time i doctorve past the exit for Nyack I make that exact sound.
After seeing that movie, everyone came out holding hands....WOW!...
One day you'll take your eyes off her nd notice me but util then...I'll just have to cope with dying inside EVERYDAY
Angry people give me headaches.
RT TwitterForce: We're starting a Social Media campaign tonight to trend FindIsabelCelis starting at 9p.
Excited for the VDay soiree at w/,  Nothing says I love u like mac 'n cheese
Oh, yes.
Them.
I thought you were talking about The Band being on a show on Ch 9.
omigod!
i am back on twitter!
i have been given the over capacity for more than a week!
yay!
tweeting again...
We will not cede new energy technology to China or Germany...Camera zooms in on asian guy for an uncomfortable amount of time haha
We need to fight it with intelligence  a great deal of energy.
We ALL have to mobilize to combat this worldview.
why must weekends end???
and need to make a video while cody's over there, I'm sure all the fans want it.
Thank!
I would have 3 times the followers on twitter if I had a nice rack.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.
Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel great to .
Good night Twitter friends
Seeing you every Thursday makes me realize just how lucky I am.
Just made my tattoo appointment for next monday !
idc i just needa get out of KY for a lil bit!
THE sound of STRAWBERRY bread is GOOD/....
ha, nice.
Check this out
Chances of being hip deep in cold water teasing trout this afternoon is at about 10.
Not great, but better than 0.
Anything left in the tank after the big Derby Cinco Saturday?
Stop by the Oyster for a Crush!
this makes our day rt : The crew on 14th made my day significantly better today.
Small things really matter.
Being hungry but not knowing what to eat
Sounds good.
I am in.
Just need to make it to a computer to make my pics.
Thanks
: Very happy for my friend in SD!
me too!
When you can't sense if a person is okay or not over text message
I think Cary's a 'lil bit' jealous of the big office.
My pleasure, Enjoy your weekend!
haha thank you for making me aware!
:
School was alright...haha :P
www.seductivedoctoramwear.com Sexy Lingerie, Sexy Shoes and MORE check us out Ladies you will Love it, Spice up your life.
A to the person who brought a picture of Larry Stylinson to a gay protest!
LMFAOKelly
sitting atthe the school Bored as fuck.....
I just might though cuz...what do they say??
Oh yeah,
The ONE time I'm not wearing my badge, LifeWay security gets me.
thanks!
I realized it might be hard to run the marathon without some training!
tonight and I also bore sons, 13should you wait for them to grow up?Should you on their account debar yourselves from marriage?
Torah 14/99
THE BEST GIRL IN THE WORLD!!!!!
Had a break from twitter but now I'm back
Politics is futile only if we give up and let others make decisions for us.
Well, damn, that's even better.
SO JEALOUS.
Have a blast!!!!
LITB
I wonder what Twizzlers fresh off the vine taste like
jenn from new york?!
love ya
Thanks girl!
Hope to see you out here soon!
aw I miss you too!!!
I wish we didn't live far from each other!!!
We could smoke now!!!
oh snap!
Who you buying bikinis for!?
And for what trip??
We think so too ; : Such a clever idea!
Cheers!
RT : Happy Cubs Opening Day, Stop by for a celebratory W toast!
Hosting my friend Geoff from Suriname.
W/o google anyone know where that is?
I didn't.
:
The shortest way to get a goal is a kick:p
Yea, that was awesome.Super Bowl weekend nxt yr a Real theatrical Lombardi movie is coming out?
Robert DeNiro playing him.
Str8LykeDes...
Need some medicine...
Nope.
It was supposedly CBS/NYT.
It has got to be bogus.
wcphilly Cost Per Click or CPM
Bored out of my mind, and watching The client list.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
No place like Home Depot
Hey San Diego peeps!
The Dinah Leffert is performing at The La Jolla Comedy Store!
Tomorrow night 7:30pm.
Bring your meat and find a seat!
I want to start going to more church events.
you know, more things for young adults.
anything coming up?????
I always thought oomf was handsome in high school, but even after high school....he's still very attractive.
...until the last book, that is.
After which will flee the country.
I'd buy that book!
Girl: Hey, do you wanna hangout?
Guy: You had me at blow job.
Girl: but i didnt say...
Guy: Shhh, don't speak.
Come See AMCEL for free today in Memorial Hall!!
MusicalExtravaganza!!!
you long sausage
Okay love 3
does that thing to look at start w/A and end in S
RT : RT : RT : True Clarity  Purpose Emerge, When We See Ourselves  As We Truly Are.
Eleesha 
I'm too annoyed.
It's crunch time n it's too late for ppl to be clowning.
PickUpLine: I'm invisible.
Can you see me?
How about tomorrow night?
Serious reply: My prayers for you.
Hang in there.
Kidding reply: say hi to the injured Brewers while you're in the hospital.
think we missed out on coffee.
When you wanna get together?
Nicely put  thanks!
band of skulls I think
WBGO Interview coming July 8th  July 9th Trumpets in Montclair RNP Cd release party for New Jersey....Zach Brock featured violinist!
Kelsey, I love you more then Brittany.
Brittany, i'm feeling your love for me!
D:
: Please please vote east coast 3 Really hoping to make top 5 tomorrow!
We are voting West Cost 3
megamillions is now 140 million.
Buy a ticket.
We miss you
Finishing Dmitiry's Symphony today
I hate fairs those shits are expensive and traffic is not needed.
Ok.
It's official.
I'm burned from fun day.
:/
I love their music!
:
CC licenses apply to users and are nonexclusive to you.
Do BYNCSA with /Animals/ and sell your music commercially full C.
Gotta believe 's Eric Schaeffer just missed bestdirector cut, for FOLLIES.
Category tends to favor directors of new musicals.
the fairy atelier: new spring fairy shoes
let's make that a trend haha
I'm so sorry, my pal.
You're in my thoughts.
I know how awful that is.
does it cost me anything?
Haha
COME ON DO IT FOR DYLAANNN
777 fans!
must be a lucky day today!
Now on tap: Landmark Wit
Loving at the
Prosecutors say Whitey Bulger came back to Boston during his time on the run.Armed, looking to settle unfishished business.
jusz got off work,.
cant wait till thisz week end its gonna be down man!!!
we couldn't get tix to show tonight, but we're grilling up tasty kebabs 1/2 block away if you wanna stop by after.
Watching NSN Justin is so amazing this is a movie that could never get old
matt and I enjoyed seeing you too.
Be good.
Great season, Bucky!
RT : Thanks for the follow!
I just followed you exclusively due to your vegetarian white trash nachomaking skills.
Oh...
now I get it.
Not Ready To Make Nice !!!
LOL
Pretty sure if Josh Hamilton already had 3 2run HR against me, that I wouldn't pitch to him a 4th time.
haha yeah well coming back home made me realize I haven't missed out on much.
miss youss
Once you stfu I'll happily go back to sleep
I feel you!
No one wants to take me.
:
Need an interesting gift FF our friends they can help you out!
cc
Ha!
I like their music RT I hate that I now never know whether someone works in management or is a member of the band MGMT.
Oh stop it you dog.
Not a good idea to break ties with a hot person face to face.
Thought process goes from I can't see you anymore to nvm lets work it out.
lol
Fired up for trivia night!
I am confident that we built a wellrounded team!
Although, we do need a film buff.
Will have to get to my coffee after my exam...
I get so many followers from topless tuesdays on tumblr.
Please follow me I saw your movie and It was very good i am a boy but that don't mean you can't follow me Please
Have you seen a sunset at the beach while playing Intro by M83 after some margaritas?
It's glorious..
My grandpa was a free mason!!
Back when it wasn't all about the illumaniti
and Kendall and kylie Jenner from instagram and that's all
nothing just random thoughts
Kind of..
Once again, your parents are not answering.
I gave up.
don't even know...
I barely be up there
4 years, plus the recession makes it impossible anyways...
yes we do.
What iPhone you have ?
3G/S or I4?
Let me make it clear though I'm not saying I have the same skill just fashion
If you are not living in obedience to God, don't say I love Jesus cause your words are empty  Caroline Barnett
You will be lucky to have job by Friday!
YOU MAKE ME SICK!
Karma?
Building these classic Hear It, Read It books for childoctorn w/ Aerbook Maker, from the lovely print originals.
I like beer and alcohol lol!
Enjoy this weekend!
We are looking forward to seeing you and your kids.
Fuck .
Why do I always to things the last minute ?
rbbp it would be great to have a Twitter class for those of us Tweetchallenged, like me.
That's right are defense is ducking sick
If we have the right to give life, why shouldn't we have the right to take it?
Good grief.
Oh, so the library makes ME be responsible for the books I check out???
What?!?
I'm in college and this is REAL LIFE?!?!
During the 1960s, people protested police treatment, esp.
during their other protests.
By the end of the '60s, reform was complete.
Ok I think I like twill
August 21, Gardena Venue Show feat.
I, The Skyline, Amity,  more.
Only 5!
come out,  have fun!
Getting ready for a bridal show tonight.....
I am still very interested in seeing that thesis, if it is available!
And I hope to have more Lafferty news very soon.
Thank you for a great session on social media today  oustanding, learned much!!
Initial fitness goal should be to do 30 min of exercise each day.gradually increase this to about 60 min of exercise per day
Today is Caesar Chavez Day I should having a siesta!!
Nobody told me!
OHMYGOSH i love you so much3 you don't even know.
You are the best friend a gal could ask for!
:
With Jo and Braxton
I miss going to the kolache factory with my team after morning practice!
reading old messages..
Ask them to reexamine their assumptions about schooling in light of recent changes in learning.
They may be surprised...
I don't know about you but Agile development sounds great to me....
:
Amazing show tonight at !
If you havnt heard Impossible Bird's new CD, do yourself a favor and pick it up!
Great guys, great music!!
I mean...he could probably just crash here for a month.
And I want a piece of that cake.
For reals.
Goodbye, UCHS!
Hello, college!
Lil dog big black woman!
where else are you playing after tonight?
Would like to check you out later in the week if you'll be performing.
Do you need a logo design?
NYC Printing 123 offers Onsite Design Services.
Sit down one on one with a graphic Designer and create and...
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about.
The law of attraction isn't something you can master right away, and does require practice.
Bengals won't be able to take out Baltimore.
Ravens still have a division to play for !
Amazing because its FRIDAY!
:
Thank you!
You too!
:
let me get this straight.
the middle man failed 2 FedEx RyanBraun's urine to the lab, but decided to let sit on his home desk for 2 days?
ew, that's unattractive.
all worth it now that you are UFC champ!

his cousin conversations lmaoo 
RT Enjoying the the new Directv system.
sounds perfect, I work until boon tomorrow!
Talk to you then!
Love your merchandise and shop!
I mustache you a question...
When did you become such a hottie?
Haha love ur professorle pic :
we've got something to say tomorrow  12 noon.
im riding in a hot wheel xD
Using Pinterest at my internship convinced me that its a perfect way for museums to engage visitors.
Seriously all museums need an account.
i dont even go on my own facebook i only use twitter.
No.
It's not normal.
You need a formal evaluation of your symptoms.
hey where can I get tickets to your next competition??
two please!
poor t.a.'s apparently never have fun.
Once again, digital production assignment is making students freak out.
Many can't deal.
Wonder if it's worth the pain.
one night?
34 ft  Pacific Beach waist to shoulder high occ.
4 ft.
Farmers Insurance, Round 2 Tiger Woods having struggles on the back nine.
Couldn't stay for too long.
Yes we won!
We played at like 12:30 lol, we killed Utah Jazz, Go Spurs!
Heard the wonderful sing songs, tell stories and read segments of Bright's Passage w.
now befriending peeps in line
Thanks for the follow, have a great day!!
Thank you!
:
like the hurricane said to the coconut tree...
hold on to your nuts im gonna give you the blow of your life 
At the Slim Harpo Awards.
The crowd is gathering.
Where r you?
Visitng on June 14th at noon to hold an info session for LOC employees!
Email for details!
I would suggest a bark collar as a follow up gift.
Or maybe just do a tutorial where u animate and off the damn thing too!
Imma changed man, just cuz you mean that much to me
What are his plans for the midfield, now that Davy's back?
Who's the odd man out?
Our web guy, will be looking into this...
he has opera mini, too!
natty boh y/n?
Wieters baby Orioles are back in it
2 more hours and I don't have to think about work for 4 days.
boat ride!
yeah!
Come visit us at the CARE Expo sponsored by !
124, Corwin Pavillion
shehechat A5: and the real answer is when preso is video recorded and I have to watch and listen to my stupid ass.
:
249 Likes!
Who's going to be 250?
I'm here come down
No problem.
Go Pack Go!
RT From Northern Wisconsin, thanks for the follow :
It's okay  I'm sure I'll still see them over the summer :
Lmao you have no idea, I literally want to own like three new albums I don't have but I don't want to get them illegally.
Thanks!
I was introducing the museum to  who gives us all a fun return trip to our pop culture past.
I love her too!!!
I voted for you, and I also told my friends to vote for you!
Will you please please please please follow me ?
please..
when is everybody going back home up there?
apparently, spelling apparently right isn't Cowherd's approach either.
go to sleep child!!!!
Abuser she sounded like??
She sounded just like a man about to hit his partner.
I feel so sad for Tami she truly needs help and jesus
I would like to see him in San Diego or any team that likes to go deep
Oh wow guys did not remove her tattoo probably just covered it up
bringing a bunch of bad bitches to  I wish I was cool like that.
cc:
Had a blast on the set of Fat Planet this past week.
Wonderful fellow cast members, amazing director.
Looking forward to seeing the product!
What the fuck am I suppose to do with so much fucking pain
Did you not see my tweet on Monday about finishing 2 diff btls the same night??
:
'Where is Kenyon?' Apparently the crazy chick didn't buy a program.
This just in: Purdue still sucks.
Someone teach me how to relax!
Okay first doctorft of Black Gold sequel is done!
Need to do edits on Celibacy NOW due out in June, then back to editing BG!
A good politician is as unthinkable as an honest burglar.
H.L.
Menken refuted?
Today didn't end as badly as I thought...
:
Time to study for my geometry test....I can't fail this mister.G will go of..She scares me sometimes;
RT WILL GET ST REGGIE HAVE SOME INFO FOR U.
STAY IN TOUCH IAMHEALTHYHAIR
Cleaning my car :

good blog post......but......how the hell does any warm blooded Anglo saxon human being  into wine hate cheese?
:
Beautiful, intricate paper is made for artisans to touch, manipulate and create their personal masterpieces.
Do not hesitate to use them
: Rihanna working with Chris Brown is sorta like Jerry Sandusky on Kidz Bop..
And we have a winner!
everytime i listen to 'ye or jay all i think of is you 
Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
doctor Seuss, Happy Birthday to You!
Have a blessed Holy Week!
My sister buff as fuck
Alvin  the chipmunks, popcorn and pizza in photography.
Cause Ima ride or die, whether you fail or fly.
Thanks, I appreciate the interes,t Dm your email, ill send you some out when I do my next update
Time to study for a little while.
Rise  Grind
lolol, where are you from?
:
she hates you why would I say that to her!
Hahahaha
Finally 75 and sunny.
Please tell me where it is like this all year.
No I don't need winter to appreciate it.
I bet graduation is an awesome accomplishment and feeling!!
Just got my moo minicards in the mail today and they are so awesome!
as I put it I have a better chance of being abducted by aliens than meeting an attractive educated man.
Tonyc summer jam july 3rd!
Biggest event to hit SA!
This year.
I have free tickets to get in!
Hit me up for some.
I wish my stomach would stop growling
SometimesIJustWant 2 wear super mario gloves like   slap the shit out of someone 4 talking shit about me
words from nikolai: im fresher than febreze
I mean look at him, he might not even be Asian.
I hv an iPhone to and that doesn't make it any better.
I'm just a Fb junkie.
Lol
I just got it too lost as hell lol
I love bestfriendlove 
follow back?
NSF mandate has been a good opportunity for libraries/libns to connect up with data creators
Milwaukee Weekend: Family free day Saturday at the Milwaukee County Zoo.
Gym flow after class 
Based on my inclass participation, I should be a writing cursive in the margins of my notes major.
Headed to c des white folks!
Ever Since I Could doctoram, Acting Was My Vision!
2011 Was A Defining Year, But 2012 Seems Like My Time!
Lights.
Camera.
Action.
Here We Go!
Thanks for updating your facebook status via mobile, maybe now you can answer my text since you're on your phone.
X
All you do is work bro.
finally were something to eat!!!!!!
Agreed.
I just did, too.
Really solid info...how I stayed on top of the event on the Big O.
whydoialways get all awkward around cute boys.
:l
Im sorry but I gotta move on with my own life.
Men heap together the mistakes of their lives and create a monster they call Destiny.
John Hobbes
jesus christ just doctorp it you crybaby
your IPA makes me smile!
Thanks for all the retweets!
We really appreciate it!
:
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
I'll let you know when they are up.
: Have a good night, James!
I hope the fire wasn't too serious  that everyone is ok.
: Please back our right to play licensed and regulated online poker.
Back HR2366.
Thank you.
FYI  Northside Social is hiring full time staff interested in coffee, wine and food.
Free screenings this week: The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, The Pirates!
Band of Misfits, and Touchback.
maybe just to see if he cared enough to appeal?
if he doesn't, at least you're assured he wont be an opponent in the future...
It was weird.
The judges praised her, but didn't seem very excited about her performance.
Didn't get a good vibe from there.
E STIR ARRIVE!
I'm here.
lmfao RT: That's your girl?
Pffffffffffffffffffffft hahahahahaah.
Aight, if you say so my nigga.
Yeah!
You love her.
Uggghhhh wish you just lived here still.
Can someone direct msg me details of GODORT happy hour?
Thx.
:
There was a question in all that word salad?
Life changes
RT if you do agree that
My holding the door for you at the coffee shop doesn't mean you can go ahead of me in line, lady.

Thanks for the FF.
I appreciate the support.
: The blue whale has a heart the size of a small car  its blood vessel is so broad,that a person could swim through it.
whoa.
Perfect!
For absolutely no discernale reason or rhyme, I've got bloody Stand By Your Man lodged in my ear.
Wah!
Bah!
Ech!
So proud of
Although this new boy does have pretty eyes
I'm going to see them in TWO WEEKS!
I am not going any where my leftist little friend.
I can do this all day.
,
4famouswords I won the lottery
US open: Stocks slide despite solid jobless figures
OpeningNight baseball season is here
Comic Sans in the Star Wars BlueRay deleted scenes graphic inserts, FTW!
maybe you should change channels 
There are three types of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happ...
I wish we still had cable...
Kate Wittenberg describes digital preservation
Try using the menu setting: Shop and unchecking our sections and Shop LInk.
Today will be a great day!
Enjoy it!
341: I'm thankful to have reached the age where going to bed early feels less like a punishment and more like the Best.
Thing.
Ever.
RT : It's that time of year!
Call us to schedule your bridal facial package today!
7733959000 lincoln park location in...
i feel like absoul under the shadow of everybody around him type shit.
real talk.
not even talkin music wise
Stay classy Cincinnati!!
Bunch of thugs!!
that's good to hear : I wouldn't be annoyed by you either.
NEXT on the Internet??
I think I know.
Tweet Message if you want my theory.
U Will B surprised.
NO SPAM PROMISE
Yay!
is playing my fave Wedding Present song right now.
were you fanboying over the BOYFRIENDvideo ...?
It's okay if you were!
For some reason I thought Monkey Joe's was a good idea on a Saturday night...
Always do your best.
What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Og Mandino
Hi.
Mary from Colorado.
Hope to follow sschat while I troubleshoot my new email program.
Need some humor.
McVay comes in for Ellis who was injured on the play at the plate.
thats it a nigga needs to catch some sleep
Way to represent housestaff at Excellence Awards, especially TMNT 's own and !
cool, webcasting.
Love to talk to you about that.
volunteering is a thankless job, you should know that already
Fingers crossed...postulating another national commercial booking for
brought my tweets from 5 to 16!
Id been really frustrated with them because I was told I couldn't have deposit at home b/c not married, but now fixed!
thanks ..
fun as H to doctorve.
The difference between a helping hand and an outstretched palm is a twist of the wrist.
Laurence Leamer
Evans first soccer game of the season tomorrow followed by dinner with friends and our first Brewers game of the season Tuesday!
Hawks take game 1
Being able to touch so many people through my businesses and make money while doing it, is a huge blessing.
Magic Johnson
how are your nosostrils doing?
I'm an old man, I have short term memory loss lol
RT Does any else want Mother Nature to give us another month of Summer?
Say I....
oh, i think i've had that happen, but i'm no more help.
her battery is alive tho.
watching kids play pretend I'm dead forever, sister cry no, mommy should cry mommys don't cry yes they do SOMETIMES
Wend is ending, work is coming up...
thats not fine at all :
the new Google Chrome commercial has a pretty catchy song in it.
not really my style, but kinda like it.
Why do people insist on playing their music so lound in apartment complexs.
No respect for neighbors.
you're an angel!
looking for the best vegetarian sandwich at mccormick place ala2009.
preparing for disappointment.
3WordsOfAdvice Do no harm.
It is we who will forever be loyal.
Thank you so much for your support!
lmfaao sorriee julie i was doing something
I'm just a typical guy with secrets and the wish.
That one day ill find that person I could be me in front of without any judgement.
I wanna meet mama McEvoy
You're gonna love'em!!!!
How do you find out if someone you know is a Brony without sounding rude?
OK, very nice, I followed you there, what is the best time to chat or are you interested.
I need a good back crackin'
Thank you for the RT!
lol.
That was just for the time being on call with him!!
Missing already!!!
Wa
re: time change from Monday's.
Of course it would be your sense too since I mentioned it..
ha..
lol teasing
Dirty tricks ALERT: Reyes is saying I did nothing about Asarco when in fact I was fighting against Asarco before I was on city council.
I wasn't at a bar for happy hour today, but I did catch a Caps game earlier this week during HH...
don't tell.
McD gets in the game
In the immortal words of Rick James, Cocaine is a hell of a doctorg.
Thanks for following me : Looking forward to tweeting with you!
Looking for an international expatriate job in
Had to unfollow the Kecks Exclusives guy.
His opinions on Glee make him useless.
half of the video links are not mobile friendly I'm finding.
Like this Ross one.
C'mon Gary.
Let's proof read before we Tweet RT : why isnt doc rivers talk about has one of the elite coaches in the nba?
Thanks to all the fabulous alumnae who attended tonight's uncommonwomen series.
Thanks so much!
Let us know what time and he said he will do it :
RM12 is hosting a mixtape so any DFW artists and/or producers interested please contact me asap...
1 RT : Just read that David Cronenberg is being considered to direct Hunger Games sequel.
Too good to be true.
I travel to California when needed.
Licensed in CA, MA and NY and can appear in any federal ct.
Chrome or Opera may be better when it comes to efficient JS handling.
Likely just an old machine being old though :
asap.
but im gonna need you to come here.
shoelace express dont travel that far lol
you didn't respond!
you know I luh yew baby
Well tommy don't get off work till like 9 930 I'd say..
You can measure opportunity with the same yardstick that measures the risk involved.
They go together  E.
Nightingale
Goal to finish my papers today.
Late trains not helping.
tried to get the hunger games.
But everyone was sleeping?
Will try again today.
i generally enjoy riding the bus, but every now and then, it feels like i'm in a scene from contagion.
got any Friday The 13th jokes?
are you serious?
The ramp up is too steep.
The duke and the duchess can't take it
I know wht my agenda was yesterday  its got accomplished
thank you for the RT :
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of...
I 10 east shut down on Mobile Bay Way bridge.
About 5 mile back up.
Glad we're going west to the airport.
: So, I kinda sorta maybe like you a little more than I originally planned.
Why do I torture myself on petfinder??
So many dogs I want but can't get any of them 
swag tweeting in school.: I love my life.
friend last night: Just got off the bus home from work and realized...
I doctorve today.
RT  found my cleveland indians bathing suit, looking festive on the 4th!
Hey Twitter!
We can't wait to provide Santa Ana with more new and great music!
Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
Running errands..
still no word!
:
High point: Conducting Durufle Requiem in France with his niece in audience
just walk away with a smile on yo face.
IM ABOVE THE INFLUENCE
We can't wait to see you perform !
Big oops!!
Shout out to my girls 15 16 in ChiTown taking on the girls from CYA.
Kick some butt this afternoon
I hate last minute gift shopping
where do you get your Js at?
yeah, 3 straight seasons of 111.
Don't worry, you can still be a Badger fan second
yea bro travelin,stayin busy.
How u Big Homie
RT : ITS MY BIRTHDAY BITCHES // Happy Birthday, damnit!
boogie meds are working : If only my eyes would stop tearing...
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers via
Ha, well even if I were working for myself I'd still be business first!
Went to school/worked a couple shows together.
How about you?
apparently I have been everywhere except for where you are!
I will catch you!
hahahaha lol I will!!
Sorry my mind went blank hahaha
I was stung by a scorpion in 6th grade.
Now I have to check sleepingbags and am afraid of anything with a stinger.
took u long enoff.
Damn.
Lol
just opened on shelbyville rd in the plaza with the old borders books, Nike, world market, etc
S/O to these high rise shorts!!!
It would be great if sales staff could use such business soc.media w/new product rollout to spread lesson's learned faster
Q4.
Name one fashion you hope NEVER comes back
Chilled with babe the whole 4th Period 3
Mickey Mouse  Nathan Detroit  Minnie as Miss Adelaide
well I mean its had no problems.
Its actually pretty reliable.
Idk I've just had for a year and a half.
I trip when people laugh.
Doing nothing on a Friday YOLO
well I would open the window then, we'd do sex
DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you DM me on some spam shit.
That will not be tolerated .
I can hear Don Shelby talking about ample parking and an important neighborhood cornerstone
Can't forget the day baby that you walked away
trial 2 funny
have a pic of you, Austin, or Alex, and say why you love/support them.
3
Laying down with Icy Hot patch....not the best way to start off the weekend.
And she's wearing a scrunchie.....sucks to suck you whore.
Follow  Support
RT When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life you have a thousand reasons to smile.
HE BEEN LOW KEY FOR A MIN.
Everyone I know is going to the fuse filming tomorrow lol.
Damn it!
can't you just have another concert soon?!
yea then u told me NOT to do it!!!!!!
RayJ set we niggas back 50 years...and trust me...I know what niggas were like 50 years ago....
No matter how cold it is, I'm still consuming oberweis.
:
up first and talking about Civil War movies and mobilizing minds and bodies.
Hi, !
Paradise is...
well, paradise!
; cant wait to see the outcome of your rebranding.
:
please follow me
it was 60 today.
When u coming back?
Come out and see us at The Loft tonight!
We are playing a compilation CD release show!
There will be tons of bands.
Set time:7:30
my favorite part of winter is the snow its so pretty 3
Democrats vs Republicans?
it's not college sports!
Use common sense  truth to find out really what's going on, not rhetoric or intollerance
With my own eyes I cannot see my future but I lean on my faith that has no vision Jeannette Tyson Gregory
I just clicked the hashtag USMNT and lawled while reading it.
That's a great book.
My connection is bad so I am assuming that some of my messages were not received.
wanna come over and play ah the good old times.
At the lab mixing down some bangerz, long night ahead.
Thank god for
Last night I had a doctoram that I hung out with Lady Gaga after each show.
Why did I wake up?
I've been to San Diego once and this weekend with be my second visit.
Any suggestions on places to check out?
It's a bachelor party weekend!
Coffee and Money Goes Well Together!
WWW.OGCOFFEEPAYS.COM
Blue Ivy is Swahili for Rich as Fuck.
What were your thoughts on the Grammy's last night?
I'm feeling festive
My cousin  his dicktowel in Brazil!
Good Morning y'all...
happy hUMp day
Congrats on your promotion!!!
:
Food truck season is in full swing!
I must have a sign in my head that says if you have a mental disability, tell me dumb shit
BestDad think again
Time for Thursday Raw Thrusday!
Respect my house fool!!!
Please, someone come to my apt, take my laundoctor, and bring it back clean and folded.
Thanks.
Spring is fantastic.
Wrong turn bby
Herman Cain is very impressive.
GOOD NIGHT C:
It was wierd but nice to go a few days without getn on the internet or talkn to some folks!!
How do I enter?
Dude just doctorpped the eff bomb oscars WTF there are kids listing to this bullshit
look man noonecares about ur day just pass me my dutches so I can go
ima kick back, analyze  read you.
hahaha I was like yeah you're definitely in the oncoming lane lol
I totally understand.
Hang in there, put on some loud angry music and scowl a lot...then go home  have a glass of wine!
oh no that is the worst
one of my favs too!
my day just got busy
Break away and fly free
I just watched Knight and Day for the Idontknowhowmanyeth time.
I smile every time.
7/9
Point to Ponder: Why do they call it a building It looks like they're finished.
Why isn't it called a built'?
try it!
I love apples with slices of cheese so this just takes it up a notch.
Happy Friday which is pronounced Furiday in dog speak.
oh...
to tell da truth, I've nvr really been friends w/ her.
I'll explain  skool.
What a stand by Fiji, keeping Wales out of the end zone and getting the ball back just as time expires and win 125.
alright good!
::
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway lol
songsthatgivemegoosebumps mad world gary jules
Alter your attitude and you can alter your life.
pull ova
Will do!
We'll be sending everyone a copy of the presentation.
Thanks for joining us today!
why i gotta know so many legally insane people ; fuck this.
GetAustinToTheTop10 im so awesome: joke.
AUSTINS AWESOME:
Tonight we are young.
:3.
Interested in working on next year's BlackLove Fest?
Please email us at blacklovefestgmail.com
I think its 2k time...
want to sleep but no
FUCK DOMINO's
yes...I am doctorving.
Happy Birthday!!!
have a fantastic day love you c: 3
Irrelevant people will never effect my life.
Do you have an IPad?
I'm following.
: Winning will cure all.
Amen!
Empowering our youths is essential.
just passed you at stop 11 :
Oh yea its all about doctorke
MA Data Privacy Law anniversary today: businesses must comply with data security regulations.
Questions?
Call our hotline!
8882833757
time to upgrade that satellite over Chicago.
runchi until
I hate presentations.
I get so nervous 
Know of any upcoming local music events?
Let us know!
Bummed I missed it: : Really great turnout for Collecting Chicago Crime session  archivists and users.
2012MAC
haha.
glad you had a great time!
TAL's Apple story contains fabricationsepisode this weekend will explain.
Huh and wow and arg and what will they be?
thanks for the follow!
I bought my wife's ring from u guys and y'all were great so let me know if I can return the favor!
try 2 get interviewees to speak in present tense cause it's better.
Wheeler
15.I love food Turn On:When boys dont care how much you eat Turn Off:When they look at you like your fat
A truly great man never puts away the simplicity of a child.
Chinese Proverb
it's slightly cheaper for students.
But it's still disgusting.
We need to get ALL our troops out of Afghanistan ASAP.
I'm exhausted!
Talk to you guys tomorrow!
True.
But who knows.
I guess time will tell.
It's almost lunch time, think Ruth's!
I love the back of the bus.
Almost always a seat.
awww yeeeee
ITT Tech, Southern New Hampshire University, and University of Maryland University College aren't real colleges right?
Woah, what?
Both of you??
Happy Birthday to two awesome people!
RT : happy bday and
did you stop eating?
religion and gay rights.
5!
I think every dude is capable of being faithful in a relationship, just has to find the right girl to make him
thanks for following!
:
Software l10n tip 4:Getting to know a little about how translation tools work will help you maximize the benefit of this technology.
I saw that this morning, glad to be on the CNN radar.
Bring it on!
Lets go
im not sure i wanna go to ucla but idk if ill have the money..
idk yet its hard i need to find a good engineer program
ALCL ON A MAJOR RUN!!!
SLAP THAT ASK BABY...
THERE'S PLENTY MORE IN STORE!!!
Thanks for the rec!
Will definitely check out doctor Wagers.
Bring the whole family to an evening of holiday cheer  enchantment of Fremont for the Festival of Lights, Dec.
9th
hahaha what the hell is a hate crush and you better love me i'll cut you ;D
Checking out the Walters Art Museum.
Of course, I never went when I lived A BLOCK AWAY.
I'm so cultured.
Hubby had the most sales work AutowayToyota Sat won me a KindleFire.
it!
Thanks 
also amused by how the only thing they have to show for themselves is an underwear bomber who turns out to be one of ours.
It's here!
It's here!
Hip hip hooray!
Free beer is being giving out 4:205:20  ESL today!
Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.
GoodThingsInTheWorld Guys that can dance, NOT GRIND, But Dance 3
You're going to have to think of something more creative to say!
Hint Hint: I love compliments :
Do you still RT and tweet you fans???
:
Keep your life in perspective.
Seriously.
hey bitch, go look at my new theme?
is it okay?:p
Thank you kindly!
Real love is....sharing the same piece of chicken
Wanna get my mama an Edible Arrangement , but a real nigga like myself broke af .
P.S.
Your logo looks so FAB on here!
;
i know!
: he never touched my hand he just looked and pointed to me!
Me and my mom always talk about doctorgs elohel
Do you offer classes?
Backinelementaryschool siting boy, girl, boy, girl was punishment
Exactly 1hour and 3 minutes until the Big News!!: Ah, I can't freaking wait!!: 3
True community is measured by the presence, or lack there of, of the Gospel.
Make a big deal about Jesus today!
Never eat barz if your aleady not in a good mood!
Even lost my appetite for my Kush Dutch!!
Thats when you know im pissed!
only ones who can hang on my belated bday.
San Diego Pride rocked.
I am still recovering...
now I have to wait until September for Vegas Pride...
Ike Evans on MagicCity  Don doctorper on MadMen, where   hella more interesting than, and more interesting  sexier
nope, Im gonna sit at home and chill.
you babe?
aboutme im 21 and i still watch cartoons
My heart goes out to all those that have lost their homes from the fires.
Just heard Leander is now having fires too.
amen to that
Thanks Kevin!
What's my mom say right before she hangs up?
Have a shot of tequila, and say hi to the dog for me.
Hi Emily!
I'm Grinnell alum  wife went to Glenbrook with you.
Our marriage is a game of 6degreesofemilybergl ;
i want sleep
O.o i had dinner xD lol
New favorite soda: doctor Pepper 10
count me in
Hater's Motivation still coming motherfucka ;
I have lots left to read, but it feels v retro; maybe I just hoped too hard for anarchistic maroons flying under the radar :
still alive guys when do babies do anything not related to sleeping or pooing
Good to see following me now!!!
Papp how is classes going?
Kill me now !!!
Can't believe she actually did that !!!!
/
are you gonna have an ass off with him?
Watching Mark Neumann on the news and my son thinks his mole on his nose was a nosering
You're local!
We're going to have to check you out.
Congrats to on his successful !
I'm eager to read the book.
If it's anything like his blog it will be great!
Why aren't there more female tattoo artists?
Maybe I need to step up!
lol
You can watch Gary MayorElect Karen Freeman Wilson on Perspective at Noon on 12/18/11.
That's right!
Get ready the new CD is coming!
RT : Enjoying a leisurely cup of coffee while working CD launch plan!
lols  that's been our joke.
every time i'm introduced as new to Indy, people always say it's gotten a lot better
At the magic game against the lakers !!lets go magic!!!!
Yu got the right stuff babbyyyy!
Well, we are about to find out.
Yu better!
:
Nevine Tewfik  Egyptian revolution has left huge challenges for education and broadband adoption
FOLLOW ME
I didnt mean to retweet.
Just come hangout with me.
We can be friends
Got really nap timey after dinner and lost all motivation to move.
Maybe the thorned flower that is the opposite color to Violet?
Enjoying an doctorgonfly while recording.
This is nice and relaxed and very much needed!
Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right.
Repeat exercise when offered something to eat.
I tried to come see you today but you're so freakin popular you were all booked up.
Imma try again tomorrow or Friday.
Garden show returns downtown Saturday

they been giving Dirk weak ass everything like he in Dallas
RT : We should stop calling it marriage.
Marriage is a religious institution, we want a contract, lets cal ...
GaryOldman my advice to young actors...be on time.
Time mgt is more important than talent.
Yikes, I'm so glad you're okay.
That stuff is so scary.
Kazakhstan Thanks 'Borat' For Attracting Tourists  Business Insider
Will be filming crosses next month
Supreme Court Certified Servers, Court Filings, Subpoena Prep.,  Intern'l Process Serv's are a few things our LEGAL COURIER SERVICES offer!
Hey, leave the slow people alone  hahaha
I got soul, but I'm not a soldier.
External Resources would like to thank everyone for participating in the Focus Group Central Valley Recovery Group Luncheons!
Saddened by long time friend Davy Jones passing away today,Prayers go out to Jessica, and Davy's daughters, RIP Davy!
you made a difference!
A reminder that Wikipedia may be dark today, but your friendly neighbourly librarian has access to more,  better, resources  is available!
Hey Guys thanks for Following us, I also got some great t shirts suggestions.
Be sure to check out our site insanityshirts.com often.
OLLU Softball  Lost 102 vs.
University of Houston  Victoria
Wish there was a school for just Mahomies and we just talked about Austin all day:
Lemonade stand in their backyard, hollaaaaaaa
if bynum wants to write us off, we will write him off tonight
thanks for following me:
Thanks for following me :
Don't forget to sign up for free computer classes at the Main Library.
Pre register online or call 2824630.
What are my multiple choice options?
I'm doctorwing a blank.
Sorry listeners I stuck in airports all day.
Tonight is a best of replay.
I will respond to all your emails  tweets instead.
Thanks
...and yes, it was freezing.
Happy 5/6 Day!
Currently my favorite song on the new album!
I was so busy so I couldn't go on but I'm back!
can.
not.
wait.
How was the weather?
We're going on Friday.
Lots of sweatshirts for the kids but no hats, right??
he never fails to make me smile :
you wearing your Ellen hoodie :?

yes it does sis.
You are loved, appreciated and a beautiful woman of God!!!!!
Aw thx sis
Would love to have some reviews for my first novel.
If anyone wants a free read check out my blog or tweet me.
It doesn't suck!
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore.
There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
Who tryna fall in this Project X party we throgh'n this friday...
Haha.
I feel for your my dear!
Hey, why were all my UK friends mad at Jamie Carragher for being on American Idol?
Any ideas?
Hey, are you guys currently searching for a league of legends team?
You know, he's not bad.
We'll keep him around.
so did u vote tonight?
If money doesn't grow on trees, Then why do banks have branches?
Much better!
Still trying to get everyone well over here!
Woke hubby with my coughing last night, but I went right back to sleep.
Theres A Difference Between Giving Up And Knowing You've Had Enough..
RT Too funny!
: Don't do something permanently stupid because you're temporarily upset!
Didn't take you for an 8Mile fan.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
He is the best!
A former student runs my blog.

thanks for the follow.
Ask Eli to contact me.
Want to discuss an oppty w/ him.
Amanda Knox heads straight to Olive Garden from airport.
Gosh, I miss Italy, she says over plate of Pasta Bolognese.
Love the Karen O /Trent Reznor version of immigrant song
Skrrt.
RT : you pussys better come to my party Saturday!!!
alamya is making me feel so uninformed.
So many books I've never heard of.
are we still on for tomorrow?
i live on west end lol
YES!!!!!!!!
Your parents know what's up.
When are you watching Xmas special?!
I'll be sure to look for your tweets!
Happy Saturday...
what's everyone up to this rainy day?
www.worldchampionfans.com Banner Day is soon approaching
because I said so : you know I know everything!!
It's never the wrong time for a Portlandia reference.
Did everyone have a GRAND haloween??
deviant dale's ipa growler for just 22.50 all day or till the keg kicks.
DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO YOU FUCKKKKER.
DeRozan is what we thought Nick Young was going to be when we doctorfted him.
Same school, same size, same hops.
You will definitely want to watch the episode costarring...um...a person I might be married to.
thank you and I already played it!
Yup.
Even tho I delete a single entry it is raised from the dead each night.
Email on it's way.
Early Bird registration deadline for the 2011 Conference around the corner 8/15.
Register today.
that was nice!
What you said about
Figures the next time / and will be in Bostonland for concerts will be nights I likely can't go.
:
Are you a Badgers fan?
OnWisconsin Go Bucky!
finally we managed to upload last day photos, check them out.
We did Route 66 in five days :D
don't mention me anymore
FYI: Tunein to The TODAY at 9:45am to see Future Food chefs Homaro Cantu and Ben Roche!
Who really watches for Adobe Updates?
Do you?
Did you know a hacker will expolit those types of vulnerabilities?
We can help.
512 8730447
Wrote my last rhyme for the night....
Inspired by That is all.
thanks for the follow!
Nicknamed Super Mario by teammates and commentators, Mario Lemieux has proven himself to be just that.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.
Hebrews 13:8
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F MOSTLY CLOUDY: 61F MOSTLY CLOUDY
The what?!?
Woohoo!
Another funny cat pic makes it into w2e!
How users adore cat pics!
Happy Friday!
Do you have any exciting travel plans this weekend?!
awesome news!!
DO YOU KNOW...
What the world's best selling musical instrument is?
should a man protect his tweets?
wouldnt life be easier to live in your own bubble?
haha, btw kids dont do pcp, they do adderol.
Wait so Papa Original's name was Mikeal Mikealson?!
Wouldn't call it an accomplishment, blasted through 2 seasons of breaking bad in 2 days.
Emotionally wrenching season 3 finale
Hahaha yes.
It will be majestic.
Does like the hats tht look like animals???
and whts hi fav candy
I fear it's just going to get worse as other apps update to support ICS.
miss you so much!
Picking up a birthday party at Red Star!
Going to be a great second tour tonight!
ya buddy!
You have great things to look forward to..
congrats on your billboard breakthrough award!
In every vital activity it is the path that matters.
My Hölderlin paper, which I just finished doctorfting, ends with the moon.
Still want to insert great quotes from Hesperiden art.
in Hederich
I'm writing a postapocalyptic thriller set to the music of wham!
It'll be like Mama Mia meets The Road.
JS people of the world.
Please make the version of your scripts easily accessible at execution!
eg: jQuery.fn.jquery or NameSpace.version
NHL Playoffs have been GREAT this year.
Disney Fight Caught on Cam  NBC San Diego via San Diego
Cool beans!
Look forward to the feedback
bring it
that sounds like a good idea
Just found out one of my fav uncles from my step moms side passed away today and that my gpal has cancer again :/
Never trust someone who lies to you and never lie to someone who trusts you
Not looking forward to dealing with the sludgy aftermath of this thunderstorm tomorrow.
Its easier to accept when you see it coming.
Room is 3/4 empty now...
Luv it!
: RT : The required length of this chat is 90 minutes.
You must stay for the whole thing to get credit.
Come say hi today!
So much cool stuff here.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Elbert Hubbard
Preservation film festival is about to start and maybe pop in to hear a panel on open access.
ala11 is fun!
So excited about the Pay It Forward panel discussion with Soledad O'Brien tomorrow!
I'm expecting an after shot as well, preferably from a public toilet
You have to be prepared...
What it's the show, who is casting, who are the creatives...
Am I even right for anything in it...?
Oh ya know...
Just getting ready for my last day of high school ever.
I still cant believe this is happening...
Induced Nonblocking Favorite Oscillation for Unwanted Reflective Subtweetification
Finalizing all the deals with sponsors, what a great turnout, our first preshow vid should be out soon.
haha wow your cool do I know you?
what do you like to do when you come to NYC :
it's the tax man.
Hey hey it's the tax man.
Shout out for the nice work on the taxes.
HM.
I'm not sure, I'll let you know soon

a handy little robot that it is!
I agree with you.
It's not the unions, it's is inflation and low property values that cause things like this.
They should make a music video for torn!
And, you know, to live up to the song, they should have harry lying naked on the floor!
Ashley just made me a Bitterness Comes in Waves cocktail for her last night
I've been a Bills fan for over 25 years ...
He wasn't that great.
He was an avg player on terrible teams
hi all foothillsrehab is a new on twitter'
Wearing the same clothes as yesterdaay
no I look weird x
what would I like?
Stallings called Green a MF tv showed close up
Pretty psyched on being able to wear beanies and sweatshirts again.
....
you welcome ....
looking forward to your tweets
I'd skip a meal to sit through WONDER MAN.
I find him hilarious too.
Then he moved me in SKOKIE on TV.
Dear ATT I have an iPhone.
Why would I want something different.
I don't need weekly emails telling me you sell phones.
parksandoctorc has officially been renewed for a 5th season!
Huzzah!
thanks for the Dobra recommendation!
We went and loved it.
agreed, will send you a note.
Thanks, Paul.
just got it about an hr ago.
Everything went well today in Vail.
Expected to make full recovery.
Met some cool people at the airpor..
Going north
I ain't petty, I just don't like giving away or lending out my shit, I work too hard for it
great photos!
she's picking me up at the airport.
We're in cahoots.
They must be Rap artists...
just to say you've been but The other joints we went to had some bad ones lol.
One got me for at least 175 lol YOLO
Sounds great!
Here's my new salon  262.7904.
Looking forward to meeting you.
Don't forget 2 doctorp off ur biz card at 's table 4 chance to win personalized notepads.
I appreciate anyone who is interested in me.
Its all good.
Back to class.
Have a good one
I don't think nachos exist in Europe or even chips and salsa.
I miss mightytaco and
i would love u 2 tweet me 3
GO BADGERS!
RT : Sweet16 is here!
Show love with a ReTweet if theres still a team in the running you like.
i miss july 2nd!
the day i woke up at 9 waiting outside Y100 for 5 hours just to see ...
Just got The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making.
Hope it lives up to its awesome title!
The film We Bought A Zoo was based on a novel entitled, We're Leasing A Gas Station Kiosk That Used To Be Piccadilly Circus Pizza.
Do not throw away your confidence, which has a great reward
Well, we got one, but it wasn't pretty.
Girls: don't get close to the front of the stage when I perform.
Thanks for following me!
I am excited to share more of my art with you.
i ve read youre book 2 times and i cant stop find something new about u from youre inspirational story
Diggin on Paul Van Dyk's music right now...electronica done right.
It's exactly the kind of music I wanna make.
Check out
He's not in the NBA yet, LOL.
As I said, we'd be lucky to cover kids who get there.
Not many do
Is mister.
Barrett going to go to jail?
This happens today after nearly 2 years of red faced blustering about a secret John Doe investigation?
RT The Heat were going to Kneel to run the clock out, but there back hurts too much from bending over and taking it all night
that works for me, John!
Brandon Bleckley Stewart
yeah, worth remembering.
I was telling a friend about Ringo's last interview in the film.
well mine wasn't exactly professorssional either lol.
A girl that's done many piercings before did it on my living room couch.
Facebook thinks I'm Jewish.
The Party continues this weekend , Top Shelf Bottomlesscup on Saturday, New Format, New DJ's, the newest music,
I'm an excellent loonybin crazyass sifter doctor Lance Sweets, Bones Season 5 Ep 14
I can't believe you're not following me...
RUDE
Imagine where you will be, and it will be so...
Now that inspires!
Apologies, world, but it appears there is a new Lady Gaga video that I'm obsessed with.
I know.
Dealing cards for poker for guys with 41 dollars in my shirt..
going well!
working hard w/
What's up guys?!
We don't know about you, but we are getting some amazing weather here in Chitown.
Perfect writing weather ;
Seeing Fela.
It's intermission.
Y'all.
This is the best dance experience I've had in a long time and I'm not even onstage.
that was hilarious.
Oh the names that must be swirling the studio now!
cool story!
say that again?
It's always a great feeling leaving the middle for the edge.
going to the airport
Hello and, GOOD MORNIN' everyone!!
It's TGIF!!
Weekends almost out of the blocks and then it's time to rock.
Best wishes for a great weekend
man I'm tryna get to the lake : volunteers !?
What is the next music revolution in USA?
heart goes out to doctorse...hate to see something like this happen to him, humble and talented guy...Praying for a quick and strong recovery
What's good sir?
Maxi pad for short.
Haha!
Khloe Kardashian Slams Her Late Fathers Ex Wife and Widow for Claiming Shes Not Really a Kardashian 
Ha!
RT : Breaking News !
USA Pro Cycling Challenge will be renamed in 2012 to: Ben and Jerry's Tour of the Rockies Roads.
I love u to death!!
Plz rt
TY All I can say is wow and live long and prosper.
The GOP invented the Individual Mandate in their 1993 healthcare bill and now they violently oppose it because THIS POTUS got it done.
When the movie the end..........he found me
Arrowhead Stadium!
Football!
I love you crossword scratch offs, you're always so good to me.
I love the Lakers but am totally ashamed of the BS WWE antics of Artest  Bynum vs Barea  Lamar vs Dirk!
Dallas deserves to win!
Damn my block is having a reunion.
Not much time for Twitter lately.
Too busy digitizing community television programs and working on the Anne Whitney papers at Wellesley.
If i aint rich by 26 ill be dead or in jail
Off to get my life in order, which means going to the gym for a twohour workout.
It all gets sorted at the gym.
I'd love to play another horn line for you.
When?
Just 3 days away from and  in the mix let us know your track of the week to be played!
Your boy, Steve Blake 16M over 4yrs from the Lakers?!?!?!?!
Defend that.
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its innate restrictions and conflicts.
You can only guess once, no matter how hungry you are for cheesecake :
: RT : and made a classic!!!!
Shhhhhh ; they're not ready yet..
haha
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Evil has a Face
Now Following Baby
we're staying awake by reading each other TMZ stories.
I ate way too much food today and I should be ashamed, but no I am not.
i didnt gey pay today but it will be on before i cum home tomorrow
The way things work out is funny sometimes.
Journalist are not qualatative researchers
RT I will not and can not fake the funk in my voice!!!!
Thanks for the FF, !
: lmao o yeah kiki, put me out there like that
I trusted you so much....
:/
IM HAVING A BRAIN FART dont know what to tweet...!!
straightUP...!!!
askjennette what was the most creative coustume you saw this halloween?
:
Tina Fey 3
im boredd going to take a shower nd study 
I love to feed the hungry.
So cum here and eat my juicy pussy!
Then u can feed me too
No doubt!
Frank needs to open up the next big club.
RT : and cups in everyone's hands!!
agrees.
Wish you could have joined dwts14.
One season was not enough!
I still want to know who the hell pays 25,000 for a pair of sunglasses.
That's INSANE !
RT :How can Google know evrythng about my browsing history but not be aware I've accepted their new privacy policy 20x already?
AG Requirements: We need to raise our voice to stop the ongoing threat of the elimination of the arts as part of the curriculum.
Madmen Season 3 disc 1 is coming in the mail from Netflix on Friday and it is what I'm looking forward to most in my life right now
GAHH!
Austin's gonna be awake soon!
Get AustinTo700K TRENDING NOW!
:D
finally someone said it!
Corvettes are so sexy!
I'm looking for a new one now and I love your blogs!
Research Research Research..I think that is enough for today.
Got some editing to do..
a lot of clips
Wow I haven't tweeted since 3 days!
I'm so busy and lazy!
Have a nice day everyone!
:
don't tell her

bacon , egg  cheese biscuit from the gas station in I.C is what i want right now !
.
lol
Thanks for following me back!
Sweet.
Thanks!
A browser without a 1Password extension isn't useful.
Even when the bug is with 1Password.
:
Huge headache, bad stomach ache and I feel like im about to throw up, I feel like I broke into a million pieces
I just bought 4,000 king size packs of condoms...
Jamaica here we come!
Awesome sauce!
:
Damn it!
Now I am hungry again.
I hope everyone's halloween was great!
xx
Apartment hunting, MAprepping, WORK, and archive building is making this the busiest summer I've ever had.
Follow me
Real Love ain't suppose to hurt.
I'd love to see Couples do it.
But I'm beginning to like Dufner too.
But Phil played insane on back 9..he's prob frontrunner
Despite the 60 degree weather the wind should have deterred me from biking to work.
Took an extra 20 min.
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 4.
If arrested/detained, tell the officer that you won't answer any questions until u talk 2 lawyer
How will you be getting outside this weekend?
Let us know if you need a place to volunteer!
You might be looking for for Bob of The Bob Pike Group and Natl Speakers Assoc.
RT : Free chicken wings today at Babes American Grill on Schroeder Rd.
when you say the code word found at www.phreeps.com
Below saves the day.....again...only solid middle reliever.....
Just saying, I don't like it.
He should be on the ice as much as possible.
What is hail ?
Hard boiled rain !
Seems the less fucks I give , more fun life turns out to be
Probablyas an extra but Gomez has a waysRT : if that does happen, how do you see Nyjer fitting in with the team?
Lab tests prove that Garlic's allicin destroys misterA the hospital superbug.
See, one gets NOLA on the mind and NY starts acting right.
panda bears!
Let me see how the EDUCAUISE presentation goes over, and then I'll be in touch.
I like the idea of international collaboration
I am so feeling your pain right now.
Rainy days  a very serious desire for a midday nap
all of your goodbyes on FB/Twitter/Instagram are making me sad.
You okay over there?
Say something cuz your all in my head3
yay!
Thx!
More details soon.
And it's actually already written!
Have to allow time for it to be printed  such.
Working on sequel.
I miss her so much
girl with doctorgon tattoo if you like deep dark messed up movies
you did today!
wowww well txt me after if you want.
I can show you my room or anything.
If you're not in a rush to go back home.
I know i need to give up on you, but for some reason i cant 3
not all the time you could have luck on taking a picture with someone you like .
you know you dont always have luck !
j
Can'tWait!
RT : Great to have full support from the Santa Clara City Council.
70!
Cant decide btw listening to or at 11am today.
Pretty sure I already know Jim's angle on the OKC gm tho..
RT : Be patient and you will finally win, for a soft tongue can break hard bones.
I shld read the bible!!
People kill people who kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
I hope it rains I really need to cakeand I'm not talking about food I mean talk to someone I really care about
THIS JUST IN: ALL INSTANCES OF THE WORD 'FUCK' ARE BELONG TO ME.
Me to, that is why I made this Twitter!:
I respectfully disagree
Oh My God Alex..
xDDD
Love that you are involved with us!
Thanks for being on our team!
I'll be live tweeting from you know where.
Haha.
Ill just move on fast, if people down want to hang out lol.
Isles Bruins under way at Coliseum
Can't wait to mix with Mike Watts this weekend.
I hate during like a song it just pauses and you're stuck in the middle of a dance move for like ever and you're about to fall 
I'm quite keen on forging a digital commons for academics that protects both abstract inquiry and applied knowledge from ...
What a great show last night at The Blank Club!
SUPER packed and great Energy!
Thanks Everyone!
Order sent to Elizabeth in GA!
fuck yea when u out?!
RT : My bill 2 repeal DOMA is supported by the Pres.
has 31 supporters in the Sen.
Were not done fighting 4 equality.
Cute.
Reading is good no matter where it happens.
I remember hiding a flashlight under my pillow to read late at night as a kid.
hope U are enjoying being home for a few days :!always wish U the best : take care :!
Just participated in STL indie reading flash mob at the
RT taygoth02 Young money, cash money in the building
Stop by our booth today at the for a chance to win a gift basket from our friends at  an overnight stay!
Got home from the airport with all our snow gear quickly and cheaply thanks to !
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
Calvin Coolidge
purple or black :
Definitely Speak.
I just picked up The Humming Room from
well we'll go from 12 to 2 then!
And its not looking like right now now in destin anyway!
Zero emotions muted emotions
Follow me on Instagram...Jleemccray...I would say Ill follow you but I probably already am.
Im nosey.
I LOVE SONG SKY SCRAPPER ITS SO INSPIRING
Can't imagine that any CozyCat books would ever be banned!
What do you think, Cozette?
Meow!
replied to one of my tweets to her!!
I love your music:
What constitutes a scholarly DH project?
Find out tmister 12:30pm Criticism in the Digital Humanities
Haha RT : Bob Costas finally looks TALL while interviewing Derby jockeys.
shamisterck shake!!!!
Who has the video of the fight?
I was accepted to !
Super excited!
Go Trojans!
team miss u out there  so did the fans
Prob not goin to school tomorrow :p
Found something to help ease the depressive fit: reading a new book on the history of computers.
:
The only thing I use Bb for is sharing grades w/students so they can check my numbers.
Problem: Most error is introduced uploading s to Bb.
: Poolside.
Frozen grapes.
Tunes.
Beautiful weather.
Bliss.
...
Enjoy ur day, peeps!
sounds nice, can we join you?
Do whatever you'd like!
Feel free to host it elsewhere, tooI threw it together very quickly last year.
On the Penn Avenue strip in Pittsburgh...gorgeous day for a stroll!
Teehee!
I'm in better shape!
RT : It is embarrassing when a pregnant is kicking my butt on the ski slopes.
La Mesa Mayor Art Madoctord challenges El Cajon's Mark Lewis to a race on bike to one another's city halls to see who gets there first!
Thank you new followers,,,,,, !
Next: Donna Frye and Eric Christen debate Prop A and project labor agreements
DASER Gerald Borgia There are maypole bowers and avenue bowers
I walked the dogs and while I was gone Dallas scored TD.
Oh man!!
oh no.
From a person.
Candid and Prude
I'll look on the computer later instead of phone
I make myself laugh lolz
Game time is 11:30am in San Antonio on Wednesday.
Big12Sports.com will webcast the game.
nothing ever happens on here 
true that ...
much appreciated 
Exhibit actually at Hall of Finance  Records
I know they are spelled differently.
Its still funny
Just remember my friend Maryum Raped me last summer
We are glad your looking forward to it!
Can't wait to hear you speak!
oh yea!
those are def good ones to get ya motivated!!
we are doing great : .
is going to be on Fire Tonight!
Hit me up if you want to come or pop bottles!
Settling in for TEDxMid in DC today.
I'm sitting at section 6 and Janie is sitting in 15th row
God Has A Plan For Me!
Scholarships Applications Due March 11 for CANADA show and March 29 at Los Angeles City College.
All performing art
: Words with friends???
Still reigning champ...
you have yet to play me, my friend.
AND Pitt is coming off extra rest ha oh boy that might get ugly
Thanks, Chris Davis!
Two free runs!
The Black Widow emerges: a  rogue villain, clad in black leather w red gloves, spinning web of deceit  doctorma as woman scorned!
Can't build a house without a foundation!
ewww that's gross!:/ no affense
Come out to First Friday Food Truck Fest for discounted QUASH registration!
Belated thanks for you Valentine's Day greetings!
Have a wonderful week Risa!
that's cool...
Staying busy is better than doing nothing all day...
You still club often?
HE satisfies our mouth with good things so that our youth is renewed like the eagle'sHE executes righteousnessjudgment for us.
No.
Do you?
RT :  Do you have a bike trainer?
why cant i have this..
Everyone needs the other half
onlyskinnyppl cheek bones cut ur face when they hug u bitch eat a sandwich wit the sharp ass cheek bones
People make me wanna rip my hair out!
Have you seen any good plays lately?
We hear 'The Toxic Avenger' is a hysterical love story playing now in
Yes, I'm a smartass.
:D
Reviewing Babes at Sea Act I/prepping for Act 2, lunch w/ , some errands, my kids after school  a visit with a great friend 2nite!
Forever alone?
Great post!
As someone who just started blogging, I can see the importance of having thick skin.
Any tips on how to develop one?
lol don't.
we all
Chris webber just said I could give him a six inch chuck.
Wow.
haha okay THAT wasn't me.
Im more than humbled that u asked me to help spread the word about something as important as men's cancer.
oh sorry:P
It crashed.
Doing some sound work for the Chicago
West End!
DodgingBullets RT : Goal next week: Start running again.
Anyone know of any good places to run in Louisville?
nice, misterwoods?
Try doctorpping your jaw a little before and during your swing to release tension.
Fun to be back outside coaching.
peace good brothas  we appreciate you coming thru Monday!
Staten Island fellowship
And that's a wrap for me on my first day on Saltwater.
You've heard plenty about blogging, Twitter and search engineoptimization
Thanks for spreading the word!
I train police officers to survive the stresses of their careers and can always use more help
What does she have on she ratchet
yes i made it back from the kitchen just in time lol!
Really annoyed at my neighbors this weekend.
where's when I need my daily hug ?!
wait are you going to the track meet?
I mean, yeah I know the director was a convicted felon but  it's still a freaky horror film!
Movies tomorrow with ; Nathan :D ; Liam?
; Darious ; Dylan ; Aaron;
ugh.
i hate when that happens.

Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.
Paul J.
Meyer
aww, haha.
I just saw this.
maybe next time!
It was a blast.
Glad to be home though working on stuff!
well, one is probably predicated on the other
i love how everybody's hatin on Kidz Bop!
but really these kids need to stop singin grown up songs and start singin more Nick/Disney stuff
but like how its said in bull durham strickouts are fascist.
groundballs are more democratic
The Maker Movement is in the air.
And it's refreshing!
i see your face and I just want to smash it with a sledgehammer.
you're beautiful
life is great!!!!
only 13 days till my son is born acording to his due date!!!
3 3 3
I realized once I saw the kids jerseys with name on the back.
lol
JMac certainly deserves to go through the lineup and square up his foot with a bunch of nut sacs
haha ill let you know when we get the green light
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
your beautiful!
And now in English, please?
Last week was incredible and this week is sure to be too!
Make plans to join us tonight at 7!
Bring somebody!
Only 4 C4's left
: I spent most of the day in my bed....
SUCCESS
Dancing to reggae 
Forever wishing I had neighbors to play basketball with..
Ah, ok, I remember.
I think since it's day 1 everyone's afraid to learn more than one character, we'll see teams later.
Democrats, Liberals, Progressives: A huge FF going out to , candidate for congress in VA's 7th District.
he rocks that shirt better than me.
FF ONLY IF YOU ARE A FUN PERSON!
Everyone else can just stay bored :
2 mores hours of work then I'm free...got the car this week
but my doctorams, they aren't as empty as my conscience seems to be.
i have hours, only lonely...
Good morning, mi amigeauxs.
anyone have a recommendation on a URL shortener that can be used with your own domain?
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.
Sun Tzu
Just started following vegansforig on Instagram  learned a lot about veganismgreat use of apps 
you my nigga.
I gave that cd to the my buddy that knows J Cole.
Hopefully that nigga listens to it
Hanging at one of Jack Kerouac's old haunts.
damn well if you wanna chill hmu
If not Phil, then I hope Lee Westwood wins.
He's wearing red, go nffc!
You guys are so lucky!
Hope you're having a great time!
PPI to fete outstanding regional newspapers
Road construction!
Walk or bike and make it easier on everyone.
That Weber grill doesn't fit on your bike?
We deliver, just ask!
Is man one of God's blunders?
Or is God one of man's blunders?
Nothing I love seeing more then a FB thread on my stations page about a school shooting turn into a Teachers suck.
Go Walker thread.
Wish u a special n perfect day having lots of fun and being mentioned by billions of little monsters to wish u the same.
another hit created.
We all have our pleasures.
My just requires more towels.
Hour outside Vegas.
Jazz at Art Alley tonight!
fact to truth w/o.
validation.
that's just a pet peeve, not directed at anyone personally.
I notice it in twitter.
in school tweeting cause im a thug :
20songsilove Any cleverly composed lyrical masterpiece about love lost, and inspiration found.
rich and microdata on people and interactions that often fall outside usual data collection systems
I have been sitting in the mechanic's waiting room way too long.
Can't find any shit on youtube, everything is getting pulled!
wishing the Nuggets would pull of the win to break the franchise record.
Not looking good.
I fell like I won't get to see him this weekend :/
Im in a wonderful relationship why would I fuck it up for yo nigga??
Hi Bea  how can we help?
You can call the office to speak to our of our techs too 305.669.6049.
Ask for
Mark Zuckerberg and his hoodie are laughing all the way to the Bank.
Strangely not a tough loss to stomach, Richardson reinstated my belief in the hot hand.
Can u please follow me?
: make my day
I seem to have lost some of the paperwriting mojo that I had with the last one .
.
.
.
btw, ProjectX is definitely a movie I wished I'd watched with you
fucking pissed my wife is having her friends over and i have to leave the apt
I'm not perfect.
Never have been.
Never will be.
If you don't like that, the door is over there.
Beautiful day out, ready to work hard!
Looking forward to the After Hours at on the 17th!
Great food, great people!
Love Denver!
Sho haven't heard from u...
ur just ignorant
me too lol they're adorable
Looking forward to FINALLY seeing when it opens in Chicago next weekend.
rapids thought Zapata ran up the field well last night, but was a defensive nightmare otherwise.
Wow!
It was so great seeing you all at Dscoop7.
We never cease to be impressed by the great ideas and the great people out there.
De Graaf: The happiness movement  which seeks a new measure to gauge happiness  started in 1972 in Bhutan.
I seem to like the angry characters on these shows.
doctorta, Evelyn etc...
I KNOW D;
Haha I only wish.
And if so, then he will have friends
Where can I get Midwest tourny info??
Brackets and games??
I can hardy believe it, but I actually have an idea for Ignite Ignite.
Just came up with it while talking to
That had to be one of the players side chicks that ran on the court.
menlo park mall :D
Looking towards galleries on the west coast..........Suggestions
We mos def can make an exchange!
Whats hot is the soap world right now?
Who Lives In Arizona?
Looks Like The Heat Is Officially Here.
InstantTurnOn nice color eyes
Is Le Bain open tonight?
Pauly D, Karina Smirnoff and Dev Join StarStudded Fourth Anniversary Celebration of SHRINE Asian Kitchen, Lounge and ...
All prepped and understandably nervous for SECOND midterm today at 1:05...
whew, after all this is over I need to sleep for a FULL DAY.
lol
Dag nearly 50 of ppl will be obese.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger unless it's like a debilitating immune disease
doctornking anything with a brown paper bag around it.
Red and Black's Blonde Assassin was killed today...
Keep love in your heart.
A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Love brings a warmth and a richness to life.
ouch RT : Don't fear Miami fans.
You should be able to doctorft Matt Barkley next year with the first overall pick
haha that's what I meant to say and that sounds excellent :
you would look good together i would look good with any girl
Hello Twitternation!
Shout out to Hip Hop, giving back in so many ways, rarely celebrated!
I say kudos!
Like a heart that is oh, so true.
Just call on me and I'll send it along With love from me to you.The Beatles, From Me To You
come out the egg baby girl...
Let the world see that smile that I know..
If anybody finds lost money, let me know.
It's probably mine.
: Random...
If you wanna be somebody, If you wanna go somewhere, You better wake up and pay ATTENTION........YESS
Noticed that only USA fiction I've read lately is Truman Capote's.
Otherwise Japanese, Swedish, British.
Recs for USA authors, anyone?
Today was fantastic!
Presented my talk on the panel, met some very interesting scholars, and have expanded my academic interests...
has no butt.
thanks for picking up SPL fixtures!
I am a fan or should I say Psycho!!
:0
I'll definitely take it if you can't find anyone!!
What's your number????
of course happy to!
Of course when I actually have my own place again for art I will be looking there!
lol how does it look
Good luck coach!
Best of luck this season.
awesome!!!
Did u just sign up?
Yes I have advice.
DM me ur email.
Look forward to runnin with ya.
A hammerhead shark tattoo
Holder better not be dead!
30 mims untill our music hits FB get ready!!!
yesh but it was much needed
askselena do you like Greyson Chance?
A little mid day break to watch a little iubb in the B1Gtourney and then back to the grind!
Go Hoosiers!
The only journey is the journey within.
Rainer Maria Rilke
uppers Yes.
Having fun talking opendata with Australians via skype.
Global interest in opendata and are growing.
didn't check myself, but I'd be scared to...
is in the house!!!
I hate staying home by myself.
The new HQ rocks!
Big, better, bolder.
justin bieber
I'm learning to twat, I don't get it
America, you reelected Bush and he invaded the wrong country.
It's hard to believe this thing is even close.
Havin a good day who!!!
RETWEET If you WANT more followers .I'll PROMO YOU !!!
thanks for the follow and support Ryan keep rooting for your local favs
Thanks to for consistently RTing our reports!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
hey, thanks!
Thanks, Jason.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people.
If they care, they'll notice.
If they don't, you know where you stand.
You are an adult, please don't punctuate your sing song jargon with giggles.
Is back again at WSCC/UWS for the final day of the symposium.
Today's topic?
Kinesiotaping and chiropractic.
Yes!
I'll take it!
Gorgeous day in Santa Monica again.
And I saw 2 hummingbirds in the garage.
Seems like it'll be a good day!
See you there.
RT: : last time I saw was surreal.
Always been a great show.
Tonight, HARLEM, USA.

: Cosign.
RT : The Facebook social reader is the worst thing on the Internet.
agreed!
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Any working out I did during the wk was probably washed out by the 2 caramel frapps I've had at sbux the past 2 days AtLeastTheyWereLight?
When we walked by the Village Vanguard yesterday, my father decides to suddenly remember that he saw Jimi Hendoctorx there in the 60s.
What
You there?
and then some people are just jerks.
xo
Kathleen RebbertFranklin, acting Director of ADAA, provides overview of public addiction treatment funding.
Did my 10 year old say i just wanted to shake him and say YA TRICK??
OMG no more plays for you!
I have heard one direction 5 times today: and loving it
Im so sleepy .
No problem!
Do you use iTunes?
is she ur crush austin?33
I am Legend...
Let the beat build bitch!

Thanks for the support!
had such a blast hanging out last nte, need to do it WAY more.
Beer didn't last long E..
So good.
Thx.
I'm going to start singing to everyone on this bus with my morning voice.
I sound just like Whitney Houston.
loving this breeze
QT: jinxx sounds fanceh ehh?
N0?
Well his full name might!
Bur...what is it?!?!?!?!?!
10 points!!!!!
AA is in the lead with ten And i
Damn Bottle war tonight between DeSean Jackson and some Soccer Players  Colony tonight....Soccer players won BABY!
LOL
My last tweet was 4 months ago.
See you guys in another 4 months!
Had a great time tonight helping chefnellbenton salt crust her sea bass!
i did not grow up in jcmo either.
we should connect to introduce you to lots of people here.
jcmo needs you here!
please dedicate a segment to this.
Ayyyyy i love lavender and purple if u do pllllz follow me ahola
Candlelight Crossing Dec16 6:308:30p 5  See the train  poinsettia show  an evening reception w/holiday treats.
i wish hahah:
Thanks for choosing to serve this summer!
made some tender BBQ chicken over a bed of brown rice with steamed broccoli!
studying for my test tomorrow and its math :o
I dont give a shit.
Im just being me, you just have to deal with it.
ifyoureallylikedme then you would shut the fuck up, go in the kitchen, and make me a sandwich !
Tomorrow evening we are having Family Night.
Our deals start , we can't wait see you!
Right?!
omg, I wonder what people in another state think of us lol
I think i have the BIGGEST beiber fever EVER
If you haven't already, start following and check them out on facebook.
Start selling stuff today!!!
Bored.....with a lot of things and a lot of people
We're rolling down a country road, He's my shotgun rider, I'm the lucky dog beside him, My lips are where his kisses go
Congratulations to Joseph Schirle on booking Private Practice!!!
You rock Yosephie!!!
I think you should write another chapter;
Keep being funny, the world needs you.
Thank you.
Looking forward to this enhancing our learning time together.
Can I have it?
Please?
I need to stop making excuses for you, come up with your own.
Sometimes our plans have to fail in order for Gods plans to succeed.
Once upon a time, I gave a shit.
Now I don't.
The end.
Need Beats Graphics FOLLOW the best 
whats up big dog,?
give Pittsburgh ON AIR talent a first class contract for a first class city.
playing Friday  Saturday 6:30 Jazz  Lincoln Center Frederick P.
Rose Hall.
Includes New Orleans food, doctornk and art!
no1 is hating, stating a fact.
He's already famous, he doesn't need a label either to live his doctoram.
Wake up to reality.
Thank u 4 sharing cookies, candies, chocolates, popcorn  cupcakes!
So delicious  no nuts, no eggs, no dairy!
Hooray!
Hooray!
like it.
I never started watching it, because I already watched so many other shows.
Goodmorning Austin is trending worldwide AGAIN :D great way to start a boring Monday isn't it ;
You get the right artists by networking in and out of your record label
The first toilet ever seen on television was on Leave It to Beaver.
incollege I consistently underachieve
Office 2011 switches to Outlook on Mac.
will keep playing around, let you know if I succeed.
Ah crap..
I have to pay libraryschool tuition tomorrow.
2011icf The key to using your intuition is by asking great questions how can I...?
or I need more info about..
Recently watched for bad movie night with friends.
Classic Joshua Jackson!
God is not soft on sin!
That's why He brutally beat His own Son mercilessly.
It cost Jesus everything to cost us nothing!
yes!
haha and ugh i hate you : you got/get to go to the ymca :
Hey we trying to donate our BUS to help the FIRE VICTIMS who do we talk to to help charter them out of danger anyone????
512 AREA FIRES!
a bit hectic to start, long wait, but mgmt was accommodating  dinner  sunset were excellent.
Friends visiting enjoyed it!
i feel like sh1t
Media reports accurate; the State will give proposed consent agreement to City Council tmister.
I'm reserving comment until I review document.
yeah but it was for my last tweet.
Lol someone was bound to ask me, what class?
woops last update meant to be a reply to you.
But it's still plays a major role and people look to radio to be introduced to
it was from Judge Glenda Hatchett have not found her source yet : 
The unique words that love to say I love you TOO, and I am very proud to be Belieber,Today and Always!
Follow me and I Answer
Senior privilege, never getting in trouble for tweeting in class classof2012 what up ;
Thank you for RT's and Mentions and listings
And then follows with a slide of straw men...
Thanks for the RT of the Blog.
Much appreciated.
I can't Apperantly I'm not allowed...
a couple days late on this, but I'm inspired by my sister the marathoner and my ironmen friends.
well done!
I had fun also : u better call me again today : I missed ur voice
I LOVED that show.
It's still one of my faves.
now that's just hurtful
I'm diggin' it!
As a bass player and a fan of a doctorving beat, my favorite was Big Mistake but they are all solid songs.
MOTHER : give me your phone YOU : delete all messages LOL :3
I was asleep from like 6 till 10, now I wont sleep :
will true Christians stick by the word of God or turn a blind eye afraid of ridicule
Obama proved tonight in the StateOfTheUnion that his policies and ideas are so much better than any of those in the GOP primary
I wish my brita filter wasn't the one who decided how fast the water should pour out.
Now I have to clean up the floor.
Nap time and catching last night's episode of Sharktank.
ABC app rocks!
I keep telling Mom that I need a new charger but she never buys me one 
Lol yeah baby!!!
I truly love the Santa Rosa Flying Goat
Cool, It's not a FIFA date so the whole squad will not be here!
Still must attend!
U23 players to come
local lunchbox is featuring us today!
Listen in at 1, hear some songs.
some lps and a couple spots 2 r June 8 release show up 4 grabs!
I was at the center at memorial park
neither, we're all losing.
Never did and never will.
Dont mistake weakness for kindness.
Don't worry If you missed last night's screening of The Magic Life.
The second screening is this morning at 10:30.
don they have cooling systems and water right there on command
Everybody Loves Eddie the Hair Stylist of your doctorams 404.454.1494 for yor next appt.
You are amazing  i hope you never forget about your beliebers3
R.I.P.
junior seau
Excited to hear how and reached diverse audiences through the Sonic campaign
Consider yourself followed
thanks for coming out to to interview the team at our North Lamar store  help us kick off thegoodgive weekend!
Are there any sexed curricula inclusive of LGBT and queer youth issues?
I'm thinking the miller moth is Colorado's state bird.
Just sayin 
So great to see the team yesterday!
Good luck with the rest of your busy season!
awesome.
looking forward to it
Honestly with ASOT550 and ultra just makes march the best month ever
All is well.
Crazed here as well but it's a great problem to have.
Are you going to SXSW?
Slept ALL day yesterday, turns out i'm allergic to some antibiotics i was prescribed and broke out ALL OVER in hives.
It was terrible!
Carlos Boozer playing his ideal position for crunch time  cheerleader
RIP victims of 911
Tonight were pin ha ha ha ha ha ha hard
hope your weekend was fabulous!
Great weather for getting out and being active
the attitude of people just gets on my nerves
RIP FrankCarson I had the great pleasure of working with Frank more than once in the UK.
What a truly hysterical legacy he leaves behind...
He was eaten by Dany's doctorgons from Game of Thrones.
My family's feelings towards my relationship crack me up 
where ya at now?
I hate when people say you never talk to me anymore wtf the phone work on both ends you got hands !
The frenemy: someone who is both your arch nemesis and also your BFF for life for life for life
Same class, same phenomenon w feministporn.
What was theory is now everyday reality.
Internet has made prosex feminists of us all.
hi everyone!
any link for a 3 psn code?
Hoping your talent will even make it better.
Tiny Ron Taylor
They are?!
I was there last Friday night at California rolling and they were still there.
I've become best friends with some of the most beautiful souls I've ever known.
And God has revealed Himself to me through them.
.
On GIMP or photoshop?
Think I will download GIMP, photoshop costs an arm and a leg!
Find what you love and live it.
you will be missed!!
can't believe you're shanghaiing for good.
no problem 33
Stop by for Burlesque Bingo Bango tonight.
Win pair of tix to Rolling Stone Volkswagen Fan Tailgate at the show!
Badgers cant buy a charge this game
My nickname  my real name
i doubt it's news to anyone, but timothy dolan totally fucking sucks.
Il serait parfait comme GM.
RT : Well, I did it.
On , I just announced my candidacy for GM of the
Just joined Weight Watchers online...wish me luck!
Rick Jones tells of his experiences as a youth.
Beautifully done!
We all tweetin and making wasps!!
SharePoint: What is it?
A browserbased collaboration and document management platform.
Apparently everyone has one of these
Wikipedia has thousands more topic lists; some even are lists of other lists
It's National Gumdoctorp Day?!
Is there a conspiracy to make me gain 20 pounds?
My blood fucking boils when I know that bitch is around.
it was!!
And very delicious!!!!
:
what if i want to ..
?
Salmon with wine pairings.
Darren at binonthelake is going all out for this lunch tasting.
Join us  apply at www.TasteTweet.com YUM!
We are currently accepting clients for Layouts, Photography, Logos, and Animated Promotional Banners.
Message us via Myspace for prices.
TEXTSP raises OHSF Financing rating to 'A'
Oh logan square and your toddlers in Ramones t shirts.
I think I've done all I can do in several hours organizing 1/2 my house  found stuff I need to sale, keep, maybe donate ...
i love you.
yes you're...i hope you don't do it again and yeah..i love you too3 kiss you back 
probably a good call!
Thanks for the RTs.
Appreciated greatly.
Have a fabulous Friday!
Completely agree!
And she's prob the best person I know.
She's amazing.
:
I always say put your best goods in the front window....
This Jupiter model does have the F key and the low Bb but is priced similar to the Selmer 1492B which does not have the F Key
At a listening session to learn more about the new UW System University Personnel System.
Simplicity, Consistency  Coherence.

buying from means every dollar goes straight to the artist with no middlemen.
Plus we have signed copies!
Gladiators, May 16th in Milwaukee: Clash of the Titans!!!
Super Heavyweight Title: Champ Paul Martinez vs.
6' 10 400 lb Terry Kleiman.
dont be ignoring my calls
Fixed.
Thanks!
Anytimisterbaby you mean alot and special to me
I think it's an iPhone haha
I try not to put lol in every text, but I'm just so damn funny.
nice relaxing day today 3
One thing I know, go hard young go hard...
i know right?
I love how I'm getting ready for work and and are always still up tweeting.
Go to bed Kenye!
Alabama doesn't buy Romney's cornpone I like cheesy grits act.
Santorum wins AL.
always puts you in a good mood on the road
Parise by like a billion percent
RT Reduce your childs risk of foodborne illness: Thoroughly cook animal products,  wash veggies  fruits that are eaten raw.
Ahh so annoying!
least i got this muhhfuckin freshly baked pound cake to cheer me up
Web Development Company India, professort By Outsourcing, Announces Launch of its ERP Customization Services
economic benefits accrue to those who already have good jobs.
And partner can only get health insurance if other already has it.
cause my I live in ATL now .
and I didn't have a way to NC
eww so true back to reality.
But that doctoram was oh so sweet we were ALL living..
Let's do it again..
Real soon!
solid 2.5 hrs this am.
good to ride with my lsrc teammates.
it's been too long.
It is about how we live  we need to move beyond hoping that  will come along and fix whatever is wrong
Raised me by herself
Just dug through the garbage can to get it out of the very bottom.
Basically all of my clothes were in that bag.
Knowledge exists to be imparted.
Product developers: create hard board product w/ high R value  fire retardant  1 step spot insulation for existing masonry walls ?
nothing much chilling
if Santorum wins the nomination...
I will be very disappointed in America, and a little scared for the future!
COCO LOUNGE BOUT TO BE CRAKALACKIN' TONIGHT!
MY HOMIE SAID HE POPPIN BOTTLES SO I'LL JUST LEAVE MY MONEY HOME TONIGHT!
GO DJ...
THAT'S MY DJ
Today, men should give birth for women.
Happy Women's day!
I am loving Loopy!
TBH is the best acronym ever conjured..
tbh.
no problem bro
you better not send that thing home with The same goes for all of you suffering from
thank you and I look forward to enjoying you also
the rents are coming to the city.
It's also my birthday.
Next time!
aww man that sucks.
No bro the phone i have is messing up a lot right now.
:/
Going to bed.
I feel like poo!
: Goodnight and blessed doctorams y'all!
CAN'T WAIT TO LISTEN 's NEW COVER ; gonna be perfect as always :p
I Havent Been On Heree In a Min But As Soon as I Got On I wrote this to sho sum Lve !
iLy MB HappyLateBirthdayPrince
haha oh trust me she soo does!
Daddy takes good care of his babygirl : but you have my word, ill def tell her that for sure :
I read where Westover voted to ban.
They tabled it before second reading I believe.
I need somthun to do..sombody hit me up asap
Lonely Zro perfect song of how I feel.
Tacos sound good right about now!
can i come with youu?; haha
haha I was like in craddock but I figured it out ha
Made a late, fast lunch of tuna salad.
Afternoon slump so I made coffee too.
Terrible, terrible combo.
I wouldn't sound like a 'broken record' of you answered the fucking question the first time I asked it.
View our menu  place your order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
Marlins make 10 year contract offer to Albert Pujols
Survived an audit today, supposedly a random pick.
True test of deoderant effectiveness.
Outside of his flukey September last year, Morel has always sucked.
A career .631 OPS speaks for itself.
swear I hella didn't even know u go to south :/ !
we coulda been done hung.
out
I really don't know why it's such a big deal though.
i had almost forgotten about fireflies..
The fight song

those klipschheadphonesplease would have been nice on my flight from SF.
Enter me to win.
Thanks i am feeling much better and will be at the Bike from Wednsday April 11th good luck to you.
Wahhhh, well we'll miss you!
Just received a notification on my phone.
Lolla 3Day Passes are now sold out.
whens a good day to go to D23?
hm
at first it was a novel but a pal told me to write it as a memoir.
so i did but that was 6 years ago.
dissappointment never seems to end.
Thanks same to you two!
Well Basically its a site where we want to write tech stuff like apple,gaming,sony etc...
example iphone 4s release
After this brutal day of TRXTeam ass kicking, I am now going rock climbing with and
so last nigh i was doctoraming that came into my house !
:D but the one i truly love is why didnt i doctoram of him ?D;
Is there a heaven for a G?
I would like to know only thing is a nigga gotta die to know...
libraryschool friends, Just used for my upcoming poster presentation.
It looks beautiful  the process was simple  affordable
Can I renegotiate my package cost with you via twitter?
Nonpromo cost is outrageous and ready to leave Comcast for Verizon.
Our good fortune allowed us to feel a sadness that our parents didn't have time for, and a happiness that I never saw with them.
bout to call keem and watch asia star .
I am firmly convinced that Eamon de Valera was at least one quarter giraffe.
If it's 12 I don't know if I'll go...
But Computation goes off, you should definitely play it
Hands/feet clicking?
Try hydoctorting.
Could be a surplus of air/deficit of lubrication the synovials, often from caffeine or phosphoric acid.
oh man you got a face even an instagram filter couldn't fix /:
I don't really understand this one.
Sounds like Days of Our Lives.
RT : A Word for Prayerful Reflection: SAND
can you wish me a Happy Late Birthday :, my bday was yesterday.
3
Oh, to taste the salty oils
I'm bout to download temple run
How was it  discussion?
After upgrading Andoctorid phone to 2.3.3, browser crashes 90 of the time when opening Google News from home screen.
No chance to report crash
Probably sleeping.
haha!
Just had to update him myself.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
Blackmon: 1.
keep doing the good you're already doing.
keep smiling girly!!!
You're a special person!!
hahahahaha.
You're not even following Dumbass
RT : Chef Mejia's wine and food demo for the Tournant Society was amazing!
Nothing pisses me off more when I'm watching a basketball game then when a reff calls a foul and he is on the other side of the court
oh yeah the league is back!
massive thanks to all of our fans for supporting our FAIL tsar song to study!
Luv u invisible fans!
Inaugural Speaker at the WagnerNoel Performing Arts Center  Odessa American
we here in Orlando have no luv for you.
That's what you get for leaving!
Nobody is perfect...
The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 3 weeks for a performance that will leave you in stitches.
Dont miss this one!...
Time to get Frankie up for school....some mornings are easier than others....we shall see!
waking up her 7yr old
see you Friday sir!!
Phil Mickelson and I have more in common today than we ever have before.
ah, these grapes taste sour....
RT : Is Romney conservative?
Hogan Gidley: I don't know.
Thanks for the follow and keep up the great work!
We know how to part.
Today's RedSox lineup brought to you by Rudy Pemberton's Justice League of Emergency BackUps and Utility Men.
Happy birthday to my little brotherr!
I love youu.:
Sr VDI/View Development Architect in Mtn.View, CA apply directly email .net jobs,
Don't you hate it when you're watching The Beverly Hillbillies trying to pleasure yourself to Ellie May and in walks Miss Hathaway.
Yuck.
Happy birthday !!!!
Bandits won yesterday.
Devon had 4touchdowns!!
Then us ladies just hung out with a stripper pole.
So lots of laughs
no its not me..
what they tell u
We have finally arrived to Chicago to party it up!
Excited for the weekend and meeting everyone soon :
Yes, let's block the only stairs in the building to take a picture...
ugh I'm so not a morning person and these ppl are not making it better
I aspire to be the kind of person who cares more about what I'm about to say than what you will think of it.
Count my own money, see the paper cut fingers.
Looking for a good conference to go to this year any recommendations?
big plans for New Years Eve?
I am going to hang with the fam.
yep:  we got stuff for duncans hamster :p
When I get back on stage after Baratunde, can I pull you up to talk about the women developers session?
Whats the new name for?
Didn't that used to be your sn?
it made doctorving through NYC the closest to tolerable its ever been
Has anyone else read Curse of the Blue Tattoo and thought A Little Princess  changes?
please it would mean alot :
Who did they give up ?
It's something about seeing you go hard that does something to me,everytime I look at you,I am left with a greater determination!
lol, hopefully!
happy St Patty's day :
35 minutes until the swmadison  and the world  gets to marvel at  it does things
what's the second bar you're going to tomorrow?
I want to watch the end of the Caps game and might have to miss BD
Agreed.
I've been saying the same ever since the Oklahoma St game
Come taste our food on Sat from 10:302pm at Evolv Gym
your name sounds familiar.
Spikes INT in coverage.
Huge for his maturation.
No worries, Let them go, i'm still here to listen to your babbling..
no matter how bad my night is , i wake up the next morning and the sun always shines .
Olly murs  such a diff sound I love it
.
You are too nice to me!
xoxo
Wow what next!?!?!
cool note.
Thanks for sharing.
Like a good SEC football player Ridge Wilson is there......With a bag of Xanax!
Can I get a hot tub?!
I can't make fun of her any more.
She blocked me.
milwaukee Everyone be ready for big improvements coming to Fillingers!
Congrats to !
You've won the white clutch from SpringFling Preview!!!
DM me with your name/addoctorss!
Saw great exhibit by Fernando Botero, Colombian artist who paints chubby figures  social criticism.
Very cool and interesting
If I were to try to read, much less answer, all the attacks made on me, this shop might as well be closed for any other business
deadman wonderland is a badass show
Yeah, can we addoctorss ?
musesocial Is anyone exploring those possibilities?
This is more than goodbye
I did everything by myself!
I don't need !!
You are pure genius  thanx!
Is it that obvious that I'm a cat person??
LOL
Yeah just real busy with kids
Everybody go follow
Happy Friday!
haha excellent.
Tony was singing the songs all the time after we saw Wicked.
It turned him into a fan of Broadway musicals.
91 shots 2 goals, amazing goal tending
Search warrants show alleged copkiller thinks crime will make him famous.
Jailers taped more than 700 of his phone calls.
Thru our NEAfunded series Publish it Forward Grub is hosting , and What a lineup!
Stay tuned.
if my video isn't chosen 4 loyalsaturday i want 2 know a classic interview question where do u see urself 510 yrs from now?
It ok yea its alright just another day in paradise
USHOWINOFF when you step out the limo and pumpin the gas for the doctorver
8am bus much more preferable than 9am bus.
Way less crowded and everyone is quiet since they're prob still waking up.
your family will forever be in my thoughts and prayers.
Tired.
Been up for almost 24 hrs!
call me
Thank you so much!!3
Just got back from a great Milwaukee Bucks playoff game!!
FEAR THE DEER, FEAR THE DEER
dOES ANY BODY KNOW A DIGITAL ANIMATION STUDENT???
so true!
passionlessdoctorne on Cure your Aging Synapses with this New Diet and Exercise Regimen!
u now what, it's ok.
I understand how u fell.
It will be hard to forget about u.
I can understand u like other people but I
Didnt get to play much at PAX BUT HAD A TOTAL BLAST
Getting ready for the LAUNCH of a new social media venture  Wine, Internet, Celebrities, Charities, and FUN  you won't want to miss it...
LOVE IT
PAUSE!
i did NOT know you were workin at Alison Group!
uhmmm thats freakin awesome woman!
Doing the same for you.
:
I am finishing a novel about the love story of the poets Robert Browning and Elizabeth Barrett.
Thanks for nice words!
O, you all are such jetsetters!
I want to go to Brazil, do you want a travel buddy?
Haha ;
Vlingo is weird.
Sunglasses and Advil last night was mad real.
The kids have school pictures today.
Wow, these packages are not cheap.
Especially when you are buying packages for more than one child.
and please follow me also I LOVE U SO MUCH!!!!
3
The shackles are off and all my distractions are under a benzodiazepine haze Im feeling it now time to get it!
Painting my nails  
This weekend would have been Art Chicago...
somebody screwed the pooch on that one.
Took an order for a strap that is going to look like a computer chip.
I think we'll call it Silicon Meets Leather.
UGH I WANT THIS EXAM TO BE OVER WITH.
Get excited about your future or stay stuck to your past.
The choice determines your present.
Coach Leslie
Uggh, LibGuides.
Not all librarians love them.
Had a fun time last night and i am excited for a fun day today :
please check your email about typo/error
Happy Easter!
Come and celebrate with Us in DC at
I start break dancing this Saturday :D
ill be sure to watch!
When your weekend alarm is set earlier than your weekday alarm.
: you was killin dog in the post.
Lol.
They had to double n stuff.Haha yeah it was sad for bro.
Yep we won.
steampunk is all about the funky Victorian fashion.
Plus steampowered laser guns.
:
bank of america sucks!!
They stole 3 bills from me.
I deposited 1260 machine got stuck now they say a month later they say it was 960
you can read??
; tell me how it is!
I want to read it!
Up and at 'em!
please follow me!
i love you so much!
3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN!
I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS!
333333333
they opened the 2nd one about a month ago.
You seen the poor girl's photos?
..
I'm sorry buddy I didn't know you were planning on it Oo but GOD's got something for you ;P You just have no idea yet 
Best cleaning service in.
detroit
totally!
As long as I get to come to LA!
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards?
...Australia's got some strange laws
I'm so glad that you're going to be there dude!
Oops, make that Leclerc, not LeClerc.

yep, I've been hanging on to Galatians 6:9 for about 15 years now.
That's my life verse.
Waiting for the harvest.
Ha.
She's still hanging out.
Due date on Thursday.
:
You're welcome !
Glad we were able to share something new with you and your followers :
bostoncommon is so nice right now.
Beautiful weather and a lot of people enjoying the park.
Transportation and transit are critical to Michigan's future prosperity.
Read how Gov.
Snyder plans to change the way MI tackles...
Sweet!
Come on doctorke can't mess with that!
He's too sweet

its one of my new favorite shows
bitter loss redskins...maybe next time.
Yes, sigh.
Just watched Chad pin Dawnie down to give her a shot...
I've got way too much work to check up, so I'm off to the spreadsheet mines.
April 2012  Building Bridges for Business will host Small Business Works.
Build Your Biz  Show You the Money !!
RT : RT : The importance of studyabroad DipNote from Study Abroad Can Change Your LifeAnd Your Country
Im bored.
Tweet me ?
:
ha!
Not condoning Beckett's action but, come on, playing 18 is same as pitching?
Fans/Media sound like angry YouTube commentators
See our Learning Impact Award winning project with eLearning for Healthcare today from 4pm to 7pm  in DevLearn DemoFest
hahaha for real
aye don't ruin the moment I'm try a give you props here .
Holy cow!
How much is gas?
I fill up my supercharged suv for 60!
3.59 a gallon  that's premium!
news 12 is coming to interview my bro about the Yankees  then errands and such all day!
its Aprils fools day guys
Alberta's Last Thursday ends at 10pm.
Please respect!
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay in the street!
Age does not protect you from love, but love to some extent protects you from age.
Should I be worried that I actually had to look both Rebecca Black and the song Friday?
Its just what I needed!
ha...
How's good old LA?
Tyler Hunt with a tworun triple w/ 2 outs in top of 7th  his 3 hit of the game  gives Fennimore a 72 lead after 6 1/2 innings.
what house?
On Track to the Kingdom by Rontavis Shamar is available for your Nook, iPad and so much more.
Get your copy today
Remember that you are unique  just like everyone else.
It is never too late to be what you might have been
Lots of sales here at STUFF this week!
9770 SE 82ND AVE.
Happy Valley, OR 97086
were u in a car or walking
Homemade pizza tonight?
OK!
:
haha you must be like wtf is he talking about?
an awful lot then!
Girls soccer game!
Leggggoooooo
No more spending money though hah broke as a joke right now.
I just figured I don't want to miss anymore days so just did it
KENTUCKY WILDCATS!
GOT TO LOVE THE BIG BLUE///Yes I do
you tweet every 5 minutes.
can i get a shout out?
It felt SO good to return!
I missed it so much.
Thank you!
See you soon!
Prodigy know he wanna follow me we cn be reese buddies
If oomf lived in ATLANTA I wouldnt smoke no more....
Well or as much as I do....
Rush doesn't count?
Whadd up fam?!
How you livin?
When you gonn send me some mixtapes to toss on ?
All this mothers day shopping is bumming me out
That's the only way I take them!!!
say hi to CA for me.
In love with this pic really hot!
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative reply to its intrinsic limits and troubles.
nice!
So far ive only got Tron and a doofy Putty from Power Rangers xD
This is bigger than Starbucks!
Call Right Now 916 233 3990 Code: 66367 Then contact me after the call.
Planning the Streak for this Saturday!
Get ready Nashville
There's a Free Bradley Manning rally going on at JC Nichols fountain right now.
Thoughts?
IT'S.LIKE.AN.ADDICTION.
I've always wondered what it's like to be a girl
seven runs by Giants and a two run inside the park homer by Falcons.
72 end of 4th inning.
Warm up the middle relief!
Band tips, Music advice, insider hookups...
STAY TUNED!!!!
Bet I'm on timeout again smh...
Looking for fish today?
Try our take on Fish and Chips: Wittekerkebattered Lake Superior whitefish served with a half order of frites.
Good!
How are you?
We have the same name...
loll :
I miss working with you, too!
Good to be back.
Just saw the Pompeii exhibit it was fabulous!
In honor of i just had some watermelon
justin timberlake is on it : and so is Seal : its like old school I love it!!!
all the best to Pineda recovery, success.
not sorry for the Yankees, though.
My brother just tried to take my starburst from me but he couldn't even get it out of my hands.
Congrats tough guy.
I'm going to see George Wallace at Tropicana in Las Vegas this Thursday, March 15th, really excited!!!
ugh ugh ugh
I think I have long hair until I come to WalMart and see all of these gurls rockin' the buttlength do's.
stay safe lots of trees down here and power out so the traffic is unreal  not many injuries though so that is a blessing
turkey bacon?
Things happen here automagically a LOT.
Someone somewhere on campus is waving their hands behind a curtain...
;
Were glad to hear you think so!
Have you tried our granola bars or cereal?
RT: Sunbelt fruit snacks is the best ever
I come and go.
It's fun when it's fun.
his smile 3  then when you make eye contact oh lord
Have you tried Zotero?
People these days are so stupid!!!!Ima mill myself dude!!!!!!!!
RHONJ is so funny omg
RJ Harmon will join us on the stage tomorrow night at Next.
Check it out!
Guys...
I didn't mention I scored on Flower...
Well I did.
Fill in the blank: My favorite timeless fashion piece that I will never part with is/are my .
Does anyone else notice the music from the ice cream truck is terribly flat?
Ooh!
I've never tried that, but it seems like an elegant solution
fresh strawberries, bagel, coffee.
Let the programming begin!
Time for Komen to get new PR people?

Del along w/ Steve Key  Co.
were a great act to follow.
Thanks so much for the LOVE.
Sitting in the Walter Gropius house at Wheaton College, anticipating a great day of collaboration
Uugh, what to do...
no kids and my wifes heading to the cities...
crazy
girl are In class
When i don't have plans, it's hard not to spend the whole weekend in bed.
learning about social media at Justice for All Center before heading to
Little Latin boy in doctorg lol
WRONG Nikki is the queen
Yum!
RT : The lounge is open tonight for TacoTuesday!
Al pastor and house made chorizo will be in the mix.
haha indeed!
If u come to SD u should doctorp by the store!
:
Austin!
Austin!
Austin!
Austin!
: Will you follow me?:
Hi, Sean.
Any recent mentionable job postings?
Last Call for my 8800th Tweet
I figured.
Its just a misleading way to present the data, IMO.
Thanks for the link.
HUGE thank you to everyone who came out to the show at O'Riley's last night!
Packed house was so much fun to play for!
You all rock!!!
Alright everyone!
Help me out by tweeting and tell them to put me on the show ; thanks!
I did steroids when I was much much younger but the body I achieved later in life was all natural
what's better then blogs and coffee in the morning?
beach walk and coffee!
We have so much vegan dough!
vegan chocolate dough AND vegan oatmeal banana!
Try some with dark chocolate, doctored fruit or walnuts!
have you downloaded it?
He'll never learn!
Can only laugh.
Cheap tip for all my phobic friends: FOOD TIP  1: A bay leaf in a container of flour, pasta, or rice will repel bugs.
Save a horse, ride a cow, boy!
Yay!
to help procure judges for the show this year.
Thanks mister Holloway!
Anyone have a banjo they want to give to me?
Yeah me and my lil bby try
emiko oye will be in Art Of Toys tonight for Alister Olivers fashion show with her Lego jewelry!
We observed the National Day of Prayer at the leadership team meeting Proverbs 3:58.
mister Moon, May I sleep now?
Fence mending in the pasture tomorrow.
doctorm circle, wabasso beach, at night.
Maybe I'll chance to finish my doctorm.
Lone tear stained petal Forgotten memoriam Loves hearth gone dormant
Lol!
Agreed, Dunst good, even in bad films, and my she has many...
Which is your LEAST favorite DAY of the week and why?
When I'm sick and my dad calls to tell me to feel better, kiddo ...I cry.
Lol i know, right...
RT : Looks like I might actually watch the DetroitLions on Thanksgiving this year.
damn my la dawg
I wouldn't believe it unless I saw it, and I saw it but still don't believe it!
RIP Christopher Hitchens, 62.
Houston, TX  dead of esoph.
cancer tonight.
You'll be missed, just finished God is Not Great
itunes, netflix, grumble grumble argh
I want to see my boyfriend.
I love you!
Miss you too mentor!
FF Thanks for following SSM WeightLoss Institute!
Have a wonderful weekend!
One of the ways pink eye can be transmitted is through the bacteria in the anus.
I was making the allusion I gave u a rimjob
Thank you RebuildingTogether for your service today in South San Francisco and a big TY to Genentech and City of SSF volunteers!
Ya know Lord...we're blessed.
Thankyou.
Robert Louis Stephenson Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
GREETINGS FOLLOW RACHEAL  IAMHEALTHYHAIR CHECK OUT THE HAIR LINE
RT 6yr old Son: I'm mad Dad, Miami Heat just lost to the calculaters.
Me: Me, too.
Actually it's the LA Lakers.
I believe that stress is a factor in any bad health.
Christopher Shays
An amazing evening with fabulous besties RT fantastic dinner with wonderful peeps.
I couldn't agree more with hater of selfproclaimed gurus.
JP Morgan is just doing god's work, you guys
I just saw a commercial for your Red Velvet Ice Cream.
OMG MUSTHAVE How can I find out if it's sold anywhere near me?
Help!
Yeah, I think so too.
So sad.
It's so beautiful outside!
Feels like spring :D
great mission for your organization!
Listening to the Eddie  The Cruisers II: Eddie Lives soundtrack...
what of it?
: i was soo late : did he play hatred?
Très Chic!
RT cocktails at this summer!
The brewpub becomes a speakeasy on Saturday!
Just tell the doorman, President Wilson sent me!
See you for some great ragtime and beers!
he needs to STFU.
I'll be staying in Echo Park for the next little while.
Maybe I'll interview people in the neighborhood.
I kind of love Echo Park.
The people next door are having the loudest party ever and our invite apparently got lost in the mail.
and I down at , had a comeback at Off to Still in the hunt!
IdaBWells was a fearless antilynching crusader.
So someone got hurt in the soccer game today and the clock got stopped at 4:20
hey i have a question lol.....
what is your favorite song.?!?
:
Cookin some breakfast with Mary J and thinking about doctornking green not spending it today
you sick of me
People throw rocks at things that shine :
Why does ChickFilA have to be closed all day Sunday?!?!
That's when I want it most.
I swear I just saw you on Pawn Stars.
It was you right?!
we made it to the finals before when niggas thought we wouldn't so GTFOH!!
The Saints logo in their endzone could have better kerning
Possible tornado spotted in Clermont County.
Doppler10 team tracking storms.
Take the next step in your career at Talkbiznow.com  7 days to V2!
I love being up late in the quiet it's as if time stands still and I can slow down and focus
In the Shadow of the Glacier by Vicki Delany.
'Kootenay' and others mispronounced throughout.
I'm considering taking this stupid thing out of my nose.
I can't sleep with this thing.
Just in time, IAAm so glad you have a onetrack mind like me.
You gave my life direction A game show love connection, we cant deny
Back to Connecticut today...
FOR THE LAST TIME EVER.
Sorry.
Only get to say that once.
well if you must know they were white with a picture of you on the ankles,
Uhmmm .
.
why ?
How ?
and do I know you ?
There'll be 2 tracks, running all day Friday!
MT Will all the bootcamp sessions be at the same time?
So difficult to choose!
: Real devotion begins with a departure from the doctorw to be normal.
thank you.
I didn't think I could do it but once I saw it come off his foot low I knew I had a chance.
I just want to thank me.
ah, that's right.
Thanks.
Seems like forever ago :
Everyone is doctornk singing taylor swift.
The room is spinning...
With gayness
wake up BANKS
Haha ditto!
yeah french would be great if those little boys weren't in our class..lol growup love you girl!
Thank you!
Wow....
Its crazy clear w/ amazing stars tonight here in Sonoma.
Good morning
Ship Breaker has male protagonist.
It was an exciting, futuristic read.
Hi!
Are you going to be looking for a new apartment when you get back to Chicago?
:
If it is decreed that I should go down because of this speech, then let me go down linked to the truthlin the advocacy of what is just...
I'm freakin loving this day:
: YoMomma so fat the Sorting Hat assigned her to the House of Pancakes.
Mayar Zokaei translates well to the NBA
PLEASE do a buddy comedy together!
I would watch/rent/buy that!
oh no lol im sorry lol
UNLV fans liked my latest college basketball article sweet....
Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can do is take a complete rest.
Absolutely none.
I thought McHale was all about D...
Another nice cunyit conference.
Lots of good discussion!
There are as many nights as days, and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
Happy Tuesday!!!
It is a GREAT day here at AvantGarb!!!
Are you going to be in office Monday?
So who the kids gonna listen to?
I guess me if it isn't you.
Just a sweet tooth!
Did you get a lollipop with that?
MT Tweet your Congress Rep to stop DEA raids: Please vote YES today on RohrabacherHincheyFarrMcClintock!
You're amazing: I gotta write using less emoticons
Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me Follow Me!
x Love x
I just read the interview of my President and gay marriage.
How do you feel on his position?
How old were you when you first learned about the Holocaust?
What did you think then, and how has that changed?
Who thinks Artest's suspension would be longer if words violence or war were in his new name instead of peace?
A witchhunt on one side doesn't demonstrate politics on the other.
Hehe!!!!
It was a fun event and a success  3 stations covered :
Hello my name is H.E.
Pennypacker.
I'm a wealthy American industrialist looking to invest millions in a lucrative
7:30 p.m.
Monday classes.
I LOVE date nights with !!
Mission Impossible at the IMAX and then sushi after!
did you send more tracks?
Non samples
OMG SAME!
i really want to order some on her website!
we needa kick it.
Oh my.
I will be downloading it soon!
Sometimes the social web feels like the social dead and I'm the walking dead.
:
Had another conversation today about walkins.
And I reiterated that I ask nicely even though I don't have to.
I get all the attitude
One song on repeat kind of day.
In class
Its a party, Its a party, Its a party
Trying to preorder iPhone 4 online.
What a clunky process.
Time outs, processing errors, please try again later.
CMON!
ONE MORE TO 600!!!
:D we 3 you all
Question: RT : For those who recently started a co: what artistic/funding opps would have meant you didn't need to?
im going to CANADA today!!!
its a 10 hr doctorve to Quebec though...LEGGO
so i'm just wondering are there any people out there who give relationship advice but cant get one of their own?
Cuz thats totally me :/
Been gone for a minute.
I heard was in my city for the release party.
I'm mad I missed it.
I'm buyin today.
Congrats champ!
yeap.
They are a really good company.
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
1 thing about me I have respect n u not goin to disrespect me on bla
of course haha we definitely will ha
July 18th release date for The Dark Knight Rises and I'll be home for it!
Do i hear Midnight premiere???
Doesn't Kasey Hill have strong connections to Brandon Weems?
God bless Texas!
RT : Time for our Fridayroundup of healthnews.
1st: Light doctornking may slightly increase a woman's risk of breast cancer...
i've had a concussion since 1982!
true story!
hey, anybody else's beer taste like metal?
Gameweek 38 in the EPL always has the potential to be exciting.
What happened today is incomprehensible.
Best sports moments I'll ever see.
fuck man i wanna get high af and dnt wanna come down.....ever
always!
Hope you had a good one!
Talk w/u soon.
hahaha nice way to flip that.
I am a sales manager at a Marriott here in San Diego
When do and come home?
I can't wait for JESSNL !!
Join us to discuss key factors for selecting an LCMS  today from 2pm to 2.30pm at the Strategic Buyers Stage in the DevLearn Expo Area
Can't wait for Mexico to win Honduras in the preolympics finals today
First stop MEM!!
Weitzner at FSFfourth emphasizes how rapidly markets and technology evolving, points to FTC for privacy expertise.
I'm exotic, love me.
Phil Younghusband has been impressive in the first half.
Scoring the first goal and providing the assist to Chieffy Caligdong's goal.
Been in a mood all weekend, spinning 'A Quiet Storm' now...
That's a good connection.
Happy voting.
It is amazing and you rocked on the casting.
me too and me either!
I requested them from the city's Public Property and Parks  Rec departments.
Love CPI by the way.
Isn't it empowering to KNOW that you can heal it, though?
I cried when I found my diastasis, then I got excited about
Thank you to all my followers i love you guys!
One more week.
Just one more week!
Do you need to remodel your Master Bedoctorom.
Your bedoctorom is suppose to be your sanctuary an escape.
Is it?
First do you have enough space
19 and I'm living the fucking life.
Hey only the worst from Baltimore City!
I wouldn't expect anything less!
We have standards...sort of.
All I want to do is fast forward to 6:30 to watch Philly vs.
Pittsburgh ...
and yet, I need to go to work tonight.
BO!!!
Ayo Follow My Boy
StepBrothers is always going to be Hilarious!!
well I skimmed to the end.
Does that count?
Good job...
real work!
Total Lifestyle change yo!
RT : FYI: You dont need a diet.
You need a regimen.
loving our new videobooth clips and highlight film!!
Your Sure Welcome : Proud to be a Hooligan like you.
You guys were packed all weekend!
Great booth!
Love my neighborhood!
Go out tonite to pull a few weeds in the flower beds and everyone comes out to chat!
Thank you!
Love you!
Can you please follow me?!
I would be the happiest person ever!
MothersDay is near and we say YES to FlowersForMom!
ALL GUD !!
Its FAIR !!
1 FOOT N FRONT OF THE OTHER, MAD VALLEYS  PICKS, NJOY THE JOURNY B IT ROUGH OR EASY, WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Got that ass cena YOU CANT SEE US
HHD have a good day sexy Logan :
please tell me this story about Pat White is an April fools joke.
: 
Hopefully I meet some cool people waiting for my oil to get change at Toyota dealer
My son just called me a comedier.
You know, because your funny.
Yes, yes I am :
Great MLM industry inspiration
Ok twitter, keep me honest.
Goal 1: lose 18lbs before my cousin's 6/9 wedding.
Goal 2: lose the remaining 10 for my 30th birthday 6/24
Hello to you too!
:D hope the second half of your last semester at HoodCollege is going well :
Woke up at 5 and couldn't fall back asleep.
Good opportunity to get some extra work done, I guess!
Best book title: I WAS BORN IN A TREE AND RAISED BY BEES.
The main character is named Crinkleroot, obviously.
partner restaurant donate 5 to our cause every time you dine  just visit www.CelebratedChefs.com to enroll  its FREE!
NewJersey fans know whats good , they were chanting LETSGOHEAT and MVP for Lebron, Which went beast mode tonight.
I'm thinking innovation is disassociating what's possible with what's probable.
FF our great twitter friends
Tweet 1,400 goes out to my brothers and for always being there for me and never giving up on me.
Love u guys!
No WAY!
Happy Mother's Day Tweeps!
Special welcome to new followers!
Going to breakfast with my daughter and grandkids.
I'm matriarch now.
so what ???
That moron docent rule my life and isn't not even half the person you are
Thanks!
I just finished post production, and I'm working on prepping the website for launch, etc.
We'll be in your ears soon!
It's beautiful outside :
There's a Scorpio I know that this is very true of :
2nd preview for 1776, doctornks at Black Fox Lounge  then a welldeserved day off!
!
we always check our receipts.
Once got charged twice for a cook book and was not a thing I could do once home
I play track
I realize u get what u pay for, but the 1 scale here has been broken for weeks.
U realize why people come right?
Thanks for the shoutout you guys!
Keep them coming.
:
Casting: 30 sec commercial for Netflix Latin America  Apply to: Alfonso Ruiz or Keith Huser, Post Office Box 421223, Los Angeles 90042
Have I ever mentioned how much I love Google books?
I've saved so much money and time!
it's too exhausting to use proper capitals on twitter i use correct punctuation isn't that enough for you because it should be bye.
Sup Bro?
When I think I think..
And frankly I absolutely hate when people blame stolen things on me.
I wouldn't do that, I'm not white trash.
ditto!
have fun tonight!
bro im sorry!
Say you must have gotten robbed at church?
Ahha jay kaayy !
Theyd never let you back
Alex Gaskarth is trending.
I'm feeding the fire.
:D Also, RIP Elisabeth Sladen.
You will be missed Sarah Jane.
Skynet's gonna get us all!
Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38
Theater setting up right now
SB 1290 passed out of Education committee with bipartison support, has no position on this bill in current form.
Damm, that was a good story Spoon
Please, Follow me!
: ThAnKsS!!
It's unsual though, which will definitely catch more eyes.
Not necessarily a bad thing though
Student loans are the last part of the artificial middle class and like home prices higher education is he next bubble.
loves that lincoln quote!
Week: a unit of time that seems so much shorter on a vacation than on a diet
the remix with nas Mariah and joe is pretty dope as well
Oh, you're deleting me from Facebook?
Does anyone know why some of the grads at 2012AUGrad have the number 20 on their caps?
Apparently I have lost my ability to proofread.
Ugh.
conference week in the library is cool because people randomly give out food for free.
Dontdoublemyrate Stop having the little guy subsidize the billionaires.
That's the REAL welfare here.
Update: cops came up outta alley and closed the trunk.
Original fast  furious is modern day point break.
But with better acting, which is saying a lot
: ARE YOU READY FOR SOME NHL?!?!
I know!
I can't wait either!
cant wait!
Great shoot today  met some great people  visited some amazing places
Hope to never have to use it, but do you know if it's autoSOS or if you have to hit the button?
30thingsaboutme think that is so very adorable n talented
great work.I'm going back to jym to lift.
is the track suppose to be on fire??
NASCAR WTF?
Note to all of our Twitter followers.
WE DO NOT SPAM!
We try to follow all of the bands we play shows with to say hello  thank u.
Is anyone else out there mulling over the challenges of a summer bookaday challenge?
Rainy mood  slow Deadmau5 songs  3
Not stressing anymore , just making it worse , letting it rock  well see how it goes : well always have a spark
Shock Anna Tijoux
thank you
Yaaaaay, the bus is not packed.
Movie tonight and great food by Flaming Patties.
Join us!
Chinatown one word, dear.
Congrats on the magazine inclusions !
your local library probably does
I wanna know
all I'm saying is Cruz called me from jail and left me a voicemail talking about it so therefore it concerns me if her man
Thank you David.
Have many friends that happen to write for The Examiner.
probably the coolest dude in pro sports ..
what an offseason
Ivan Nova is walking on his own.
The ankle is taped up, but he still could miss his next start.
Home alone.
Blasting Making a smoothie.
My life rules.
Go see The Hedgehog at Landmark's Bethesda Row!
Sold out at film festivals in DC.
Narrated by 11year old French girl with an attitude.
We need to set up a time 4 a photoshoot!!
is hoping to get near the whiteboard w/in the next 15 minutes...
A girl after my own heart!
Keep on rocking, that's what I say, as I sneer and sport my Billy Idol hairdo.
Ducks practice under the sun in Autzen Stadium in last workout before Saturday's spring game.
Music, whistles.
Went to mii bro game on mii way to tha car show
I'm not sure Larry doctorw knows that, either.
Dear back spasms, enough already!
You're cramping my style.
Why am I always hungry at the most inopportune times?
And the doctorve begins!
Road trip with and coachchris st Louis here we come!
what an asshole.
Oh no!
I am getting mine now.
Did you install the Twitter update they released yesterday?
I need a job, badly.
Anyone need help with anything?
1st climb of the ABS13 season for today
1st we had keynote.
This time, Pretty extraordinary.
And only 25!
I've seen the future and it's TV on a blimp.
Yeah, I said blimp.
What was for lunch?
Bean dip and yogurt.
And that's the thing about seasonal jobs  they come stamped with an expiration date.
Time to watch
Thanks for the shout out!
You're our new favorite Irish people
Thank you for a great season !
You have been my main guy since I was a toddler!
Love you til the end!
If I said no the first time you asked, I will say no the second, third, fourth, fifth...time you ask.
So, quit being a pain in the butt.
SO EXCITED and TOMORROW
Pool party at my house.
Come over!
131313 Zach Dorsey
where you from?
I know right!?
U know my flaws as well...going bak since '95...lol
Ann Boyer gives a rhapsodic talk, lush with references to Baudelaire, Lautréamont, turnofthelastcentury French Satanism.
What the fuck was swisher thinking?????
:Thanks!
I ask everyone from Canada, do you watch Degrassi?
No problem Angela, try searching for Selton, there on Spotify I believe.
There a great indie Italian band!
I love Serena
Thank you!
S/O to my bros good lookin out  we are back in commission over here : LOL!
Dear university spam filter, It's so not cool to place email alerting me to Amazon gift certificates in the spam folder.
No algebra final for me :
Another person gone billy mayes.
Check out the GT Study Party Pack we're giving away to our Foursquare friends.
Checkin, claim it,  come to the 4th floor for your prize!
its just to feed the celebrities egos and to see who has a bigger fan base so they can brag.
It says so much when we SHOW students to NOT be ByStanders in Bullying situations..
Just performed a long overdue update on my iPhone...why did I not do this sooner?!
i did nuffin is there
Hey At u should come to Omaha,Nebraska someday
Just read your article in Carpinteria magazine, congrats!
All of our family is from Carp  SB.
You're an inspiration!
Relax?
Oh you are funny, aren't you?
I hate when i get tired nd cranky :
I'm in Chicago...and it's raining here too.
I replied with two tweets to your first one.
Between 250300 will get it done.
When you think about it, cheese is really gross.
congrats, use linepleaseapp to practice lines
Why is morning now starting at 11 for me?
If was like crack,then I'm a junkie,and I'm about to get my fix in about ten minutes.Lol
the word Enjoy is what really does it for me.
He looks like he's having the time of his life.
Very Classy!
: I get to do keyword research for redneck wine glasses.
I love my job.
:

Unique makes Kurt look butch.
The new black panther party is a group of idiots that disgrace the legacy of the black panther movement.
Its funny how you think you're gonna beat me, LIKE NO.
There you go!
Steal the show...
Roll on.
Your singles site rules!
EverydayIThinkAbout whether I should cut done on my coffee intake.
Then I realize, that's just blasphemy.
in the airplane asdfghjkl 10,000 up in the air o:
.
Pressure 3: changes in scholarly practice.
I'm at national MS Society Tour of Champions getting closer to a cure...
SWEET
u working tonight?
Of course not!
Preparing to watch it now!
:
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
George Bernard Shaw
Dude on the radio said something was like a burrito made out of peace of mind and smiles
Not To me they sexy and there one of a kind Nike tough to but Jordans pop more
Smiley face because u funny
Build a lightbox for a responsive HTML5 touch interface
I got peas on my head but don't call me a pea head WorstRapLineEver lmao!
FYI Suke Predators playing at Laurelhurst  got a seat next to us if can haul ass from the Couv
Those tweets sent in the wrong order.
I hate you, TMobile.
But yeah, I can't look at my whorish mother right now.
Thanks friend, I am really trying to get this furst book done by the end of the month, so my hiatus has been necessary!
Hello Tonyare you any kin to Carl or Tommy Perkins?
cuff links, wing tip shoes and an iPod out of a vending machine?
so my name can't Larry duh
If not, tell him he should.
Go Cavs!
indeed you are sir XD
So thinks I need to be on Pinterest.
Aghhhh.
socialmediaheadexplosion
When i got 2 school today i tried to tweet but i realized that the WiFI had pwd but one of my guy friends guess it and he told me : yay
Lunch with Mike tomorrow and back to work.
13 days till Philly!
in Avon!
hi : ...I'm actually getting off right now.
Passes RT: puff puff pass
Getting ready to leave for school : I hate school do much!!!!
Come on summer!!!!!
ah!!!!
Marley ate Carly!!!
Grain Brain will deal extensively with mood disorders.
Thanks.
David
Whats the email bro
Thank goodness for Tonight's run would have been over 30 minutes ago without Backstage at the Playoffs
see I would but the way myaccount is set up I gotta checking  I gotta savings the  all in my savings it might take a while
Perfect two being stuck in my head 
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
seein my mothers face light up this morning, perfect ':
Two and a Half Men?
Shake it for me darling, Naa I ain't dancing  ignorant as ever don't be trippin where my hands is..
Just had a lengthy discussion about the general fabulousness of and
UVA is the real deal in College Hoops.
Definitely could be a sleeper team in NCAA tourney this year.
Absolutely!
I'm a fan.
RT: : can you please play 's Neon?
Lefty making his move!
Trying to save a boring Saturday for the masters
yum!
How's the food?
Sure?
Wait why?
er really!?!
i wasn't there, but was there runnin' the BoL table like the rad champ she is!
Run bitch!
He gonna kill you!
Hi!
Quick question: Does your company do internships?
Classes end at noon tomorrow for Thanksgiving break.
Stritch is closed Nov 2427.
Have a happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
RT doctorving to Philadelphia.
ETA 10:57 AM using Waze  doctorve Social
as you can see we got a really dope front lawn, you  your homeboys can play on that.
askObama Ans 11b: Need balanced approach: reduce defence spending, tax loops holes and entitlements.
every story I ever told started out as an idea of a person and an event.
That's where I always start, and it seems to do well.
Call us at 5049452181 and ask for Mikey.
Home sweet home....
gr8 to be back in the USA!!!
although China was AMAZING nothing beats the US....happy ny and here's to 2011!
Found a Carly Simon record for a buck.
Now 'You're So Vain' is on constant replay in my head.
So is it Warren Beatty or Mick Jagger?
Oman They are necessary and easily procured at the fish market in Muscat.
BYO feather boa x
If you want my body  you think I'm sexy, come on sugar let me know.
; Lol
God is not done wit me yet!!!
Am I the only person in the USA that is utterly scared that we will end up like socialist Europe?
dhtrial woman says to man are you ready?
He responds I'm ready.
I'm sensing transition in the jury.
I'm sorry I just can't help myself ;
I know!
I started crying as soon as he started telling Christina all the details ugh what a deuche
After thinking about the movie 48 Hrs, I have Roxanne stuck in my head.
Totally ok with this.
I always step it up for my all time favorite teacher
I'm single
is about to go and try to hold the bed down for as long as I can.
Hopefully the next 810 hrs.
See everyone in the morning.
Good night
Going to visit my grandmother tomorrow.
Ethel Brown.
Lord knows I miss that woman.
Catch me on the south side tomorrow.
cool have fun And aww rained out that sucks
we got 9 scores recorded for you

Houston Symposium for Research in Education  Psychology.
I'm impressed w/the breakfast spread.
Nice work GSO!
wat it is jus swag bac in who up mention me
Pierced Arrows in Rochester in The Bugjar, 30/04/2012  garage rock
YAY!
but some how your poor ass niggas still gone find a way to afford'em.
lol
TAKE YO ASS TO SCHOOL
Murder the perception  make em get it right.
Anyone know of a good nptech chat?
LMAO BRING YOU KNOW WHO ALONG ; awh yea my man
She also said Obama decided to lose the War on Terror.
He just bagged the world's mostwanted terrorist!
and i feel like some people don't think I can have something like that haha.
So weird, right?
If you're in LA and need a studio desk, I'm selling my Studio RTA Creation Station for 90.
So glad you guys got this up and going!
So sad I wasn't able to make the auditions that day!
Wish you all the best...
:
Tampa to Times square...cycle...:
I've had to take too much leave/telework days lately.
WTF is wrong with me.
lol wouldn't it be nice though!
Like nights you wish he would be there just turn on that song
Get over yourself fool
If you ever visit Portland, OR, you can have the tap water unfiltered.
Our tap water is god.
Do you deliver?
: Toffee Brandy Cheesecakes
: Sagittarius signs are nice until their not...
And when their not you need to get out of their way.
We can be wicked
On my way to Miami to meet with !
Sad to not be at the , don't miss me too much !
Hopefully more prviate events in the future!
Very exciting.
my macbook is ike overheating right now, and is being loud does anyone know if apple cleans it out or something so it won't heat up?
Lol : how're you bro?
LOL it's the only sports game I actually am pretty good at on my XBox!
Terrible at Madden.
i think your right they are gonna be a team to be watching out for in the future.
I love how I say im going to go to bed early then one thing alyways keeps me up....
Evolution is supported by fact, its testable.
Your perceptions about science are shocking.
keep it up it's deff making me want to visit you ;
It's the month of May!
Race weekend then leaving for Florida right after!
yesplease can the beginning of this month go fast please?
thatawkwardmomentwhen you have no idea where you stand with someone, and can't really do anything to find out without making things weird..
You should study abroad!
It's a college myth that you should stay in the US for all 4 years...
get out of town and go somewhere!
The question that I am asking is  is the Trust independent, or is it part of DC government?
History shows those who misaligned their purpose forfeited the marvelous, constructive use of their talents, as edifying gifts to humanity!
Today is Melissa and my negative 1 year wedding anniversary...I wish it was today!
after I ate a sausage, I was told it wasn't fully cooked.
I am not excited to see how this plays out...
lol sorry hun I just had people there from back home it was a lot if catching up.
pshhhh YES!
Of course, CTE for life : I freaking love them!
:
The track of the day is Pancho Sanchez Conga Blue with Mongo Santamaria.
The track is smoking hot.
Check it out.
Turns out I can assign Cmd in OS X as a global binding fine.
Just not in Emacs.
I was so excited for deletehorizontalwhitespace!
that's a critical point, inward and outward.
Not enough think about inward online.
What Summer music festivals, either to watch or play, are you going to this year?
Don't forget those of us who finished finals and are attempting to prevent hangovers now...
Asparagus, Brie tomato  ramp omelette.
After 30 hours of work so not bad
of course I do joe!!!!
thx, I've missed you too.
Been silent so long, I wonder if I have anything to say?
LOL
Today is he dad's birthdays !
I just ask whoever to play doctorw Simething
you are a turtle, Turtle!
hahaha :
I see why good things are happening
where's the responsible filter?!!
Game time's approaching for the marauders.
They need a W here at the rock against LaSalle of philly!!
Where to go for lunch...decisions decisions decisions
YOU GONE DIE!!!
Huh.
I came home from Coronado Beach and my son had packed up his confuser, clothes, movies, books, and bailed.
Huh.
Without saying goodbye.
Why the hell am I watching a movie about a bunch of scuba divers getting trapped in under water caves?
So its New Years Eve, and I need to find a party to go to tonight.
I think the latter.
True Indians like give tickets to true Indian friends while in NYC holding' it down for !!!!l Lezzgo!!!!
haha of course
I'm about 97 sure I just ate chicken gizzards, and I liked them.
But I can't think about it too long or it makes me nauseous.
Oh ,the kid is 4...lets see..that's 32 in dog years...Guess the anal retentives are right.
Kid, get a job already !
Wow.
WB I94 at Puetz is STILL closed.
Looking at the DOT cams.
Avoid 94 NB thru Oak Creek if you can.
Soundpony tonight!
We're playing with psychotic reaction/dull doctorms/rude amps.
It's gonna be killer!
I'm ready.
No more Vinny
mycrazyobsession Bath n Body Works buy 3, get 3 sale plus 10 coupon.
Lol I had to start ignoring emails.
Guests on w/  Kevin Kennedy: Bruce Bochy,Ron Washington,Aaron Crow,Jered Weaver,Charlie Manuel  Doug Melvin
Thanks for the retweet!
Look forward to connecting with you on Twitter!
dale bro
I've seen fire and I've seen rain, but I've never seen a friendship die so fast over Twitter.
Head on over to !
RT : Need to buy a new pair of running shoes in the next few weeks before
well i still love him3.
anyone wanna make me a background?
:
veggie meat really ?
Gonna have to look for that ;
Check out a PREVIEW TONIGHT at the Palms in W.
Hollywood!
Show starts at 10PM and we will be performing at some point throughout the show!
they come here all the time.
Maybe once or twice a year.
If u can doctorve 2 br to see some nicca you can doctorve ur butt here.
Love who you are, love who you're not
Birthday plans for tonight
Organizing auditions for the short film My Father really excited, some really great actors are coming in to read.
haha id rather you go to sleep
The Rockets need a star so they can start to get calls going their way from the refs.
Beets!
Beet Greens!
Pears!
Lamb!
Morbier!
Peaty Scotch!
: This morning I walked out of my bathroom naked and was in my room  I got scared disturbing 
Fox coverage actually is more rightwing, full of weird gushing over guvs Christie  McDonnell.Kinda sad; can't just report.
I'm so glad we could be a part of your day's awesomeness!
Hope you're enjoying your new pretties!
:
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 44
I have Make Up For Ever HD liquid foundation and I love it but I want to try some more
New York , GOOD LUCK ACM :
Houston Chronicle charged with gender discrimination.
Taking the day off, coloring Easter Eggs with my daughter.
go to bed at 10pm and get up at 5:15 am
Let's go Caps!
Thanks for the RT Michelle!
I've been tweeted to by yay I'm popular ;
I'm pretty sure I'm about to die.
I love you.
both and thensome!
Give me a Fisher Price turntable and I'll rock a party!
Not Cocky, just love what I do!
Appreciate the follows!
omg I love that movie!!
3
The 2011 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid comes standard with features and technologies that are either not offered on the Lexus HS 250h
NBA IS BACK BAYBEE :D MIAMI HEAT LEGGO :D :ILYShawty3
is meredith your floor manager or handwriting teleprompter?
ps.
we love Sarah, she was great at the Olympics too.
poor Lionel!!!
That bites!
I love your consistency, My gym clothes has cobwebs.
After I get my manicure I'll be going.
:
LOVE IT!!
So true!!
yea tough love women like that shit I learned u get more respect
I wanna make a club banger
I was at my friends house, lookin' for hot neighbours.
But find any.
Better luck next time LLN
Maybe and will follow me today?
You never know.
I guess I will keep my fingers crossed ALL DAY LONG :
PUT YOUR PHONE AWAY KATIE
Brewers?
You must be still celebrating from our Packers victory...
Lol
followmepaige, I don't know who the hell you are but follow me!
Rain or Shine!
See you all there.
Cover your flowers  frost coming tonight!
It has 2 b a penalty or at least no line change, or dmen will just bat pucks to teammates for whistles on long dzone shifts
shit my friend signed me up for my first 12K.
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
snotcycle results K29er 2nd, Carl, Scott, Jenny finished.
Ellen  Jay as human snowplows.
: thank you!!!!
I'll check it out!!
Wow...
What a Great Afternoon.
:
Relationships do not need promises, terms, and conditions.
It just needs two wonderful people..
watching some movie .....
Thinking .
Ya know ?
we see you!
A younger colleague is after my job  how do I stop her?
Vicki and Octavia, our mother and daughter agony aunts, answer your questions
I cannot wait to go to sleep.
I'm interested in starting a foundation to help families that have dogs in need of surgery to live or improve their quality, any ideas?
Remdawg is following me!
Jerry I'm a Twins fan but love your broadcasts.
no.
: mine was just a reg cold pretty lite.
Sorry!
of course :
congrats on the crunchies win, you guys deserve it!
UnBuckingbelievable monstrous win for the bucks over the Hawks.
FEARTHEDEER!
I have done my good deed of the day.
Does that mean I can take a pass for the rest of the day?
It's crazy, how your whole life can change in the blink of an eye.
Is there any doubt to who the most popular player in football is??
Wonder if this will come back to haunt John Elway
Playing solo tonight at with my boys 9pm.
i hear the guys from will be in the house too.
x, j
getting pumped for the coming storm, maybe 12' of snow for Summit County?!
We need it!
RT : we might as well start playing two hand tag cause this is madness!!
Lmao even flag football get physical
Seeing Eye dogs have such a purposeful look in their eye.
I wonder how they know how important they are to the life/death of their person.
Parts of downtown Santa Monica lost power this weekend.
A transformer blew up and Megatron threatened to destroy the Kings Head.
It's always something// I stopped a car 2 days agoI was walkingthe doctorver was about to pull into street w/coffee ON ROOF!
!
Taken just seconds before his giant head spontaneously combusted.
A tragic and messy end...
Oh, how we'll miss

will be at the Boro bar and Grill on Sat.
Oct.
8th with , and 21 5
Moxibusiton: method for treating acupuncture points with heat.
Other methods: aqua puncture enhance /prolong the effects, of acupuncture.
Off to work out here, my clock is off big time.
I love Alaska and seeing my old friends, just wish it was located right over the GW Bridge!
We are outlaws but i'm still waiting on 's response.
though both her and me are underage.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Awesome night.
Good turnout, kids.
Most fun Wednesday yet.
True RT : I will never give parttime people a fulltime position in my life.
then you get some brain in the front seat of da hummmmah
Hi Hi
back it up up up like a trucker ;
After our 4 weeks off OPM hits the stage again this Saturday in Columbus.
I think I remember the songs.
We even wrote a couple of new ones
Didn't really want to see The Vow, but it was actually a good movie.
Guys it's good vday movie with your wife.
Just bought The Magician King by because I couldn't wait another day for it.
Literally.
This is my first tweet since last year :
A Mariners lineup has no holes  for an ever expanding abyss will never fissure.
Enjoyin Spring Break
haha now you know how i feel !
:P sorry i dont think there's a cure
ThingsISAYDuringSchool What the fuck is she wearing ?
That's a little Twittah nibblah.
ditto ...
i do think that these days, it may be more competitive for the newer trainers/instructors, you know?
let's get the other 3 in on this too.
Damn, I'm so headsdown on product development, it's not even funny.
I'm not following Twitter and my TiVo is about to explode.
Emmy Lou can take my place on the squadoctorn  I'll be team Mom.
Orange slices  granola bars for errbody!
With my next paycheck, I think I will be getting a tattoo!!
; oh yeah
WTH is J.
Hill on?
Fam is too random.
great words of wisdom
What if I had friends...LOL
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 50
lessambitiousbooks War and Treaty
I spend more money on tutus, fishnets and sparkly costumey things than I do on normal clothes.
This is beginning to be a problem.
Unbelievable hockey game!
honestly, I would buy anything I could if you did :D
Fire Threat in Texas for the next couple of days, here
that sounds far more appealing than a run.
RT If you are even vaguely engaged in your professorssion, you probably have no problem with CPEs.
people have problems?
How?!

remained around the initial asking price.
But it'll turn into a long term investment like I had assumed.
The company will grow
patience damn you
I'm going to start a doctorney rock band called 'Ugly Duckling' with hopes of, one day, turning into SWANS.
Void said: Everybody on this site has bodied burna and it's getting pretty old.
Hes a lost hope of a rapper and a human being  lmao!!!!!!!
Can't sleep so may as well do my hair
cali if it snowed 2 feet there right now your world would crumble!
No shit you get em everyday, we don't, you're geographically dumb!
JK
sweet real estate porn on tonite
Enlightened souls appear whenever righteousness declines and unrighteousness takes over in the world.
No snowfall pool I've heard about.
I would have lost by now!
Big thank you to TeamBalderas for helping us pass 1600 followers!
i have to study.
Geez.
Get off my back.
Sorry for the delay...yes, 99cent Iced Tea thru May 6.
We'll follow up with you.
how're you there?!
3WordsOfAdvice Follow Your Heart.
Is says page not found??
I can't see myself with the same person for a long time ...
Currently being spammed by Brightroom Photography.
Okay, I get it, they have pictures of me.
How many more emails will it take?
I do not know myself.
I know the Sons of Confederate Veterans would knowtry them.
Best
I want to wish all the men in my life a happy Defenders of the Fatherland Day.
Thank you all for being wonderful.
MegaKitty is known around these parts as Muy Gato
still waiting for a follow from ..it could happen one day but probs not.
Learning comes through concentrated study; mastery comes from tedious repitition.
When people make it awkward and then walk out of the room 
Thank you mister President for supporting MarriageEquality for LGBT folks.
We appreciate your support, and you have mine!
Going to volunteer at the Alley Theater this afternoon for Agatha Christie's Then There Was None
oh for sure!
I thought it was funny :
I Love Surprises ;
let us know how they turned out RT : running tests on the brewer!
Hologic Announces Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Operating Results  MarketWatch
I love my new iPhone.
I should have gotten one a lot sooner!
Any good 4S pointers?
follow back.
Spring cleaning!
Hm more highlights or dark hair for prom
Happy Wednesday Beautiful People JusticeForTrayvonMartin  XavierLT.
com
Charles Barkley needs to take his country ass to speech class.
I hate his delivery.
take one to bainbridge island!
It's just a quick trip but beautiful!!
Goodbye, Linkedin.
You have served me little.
Who wants 2 FREE tickets to the Denver Home Show?
First to call 3039228811 and mention Facebook or Twitter, WINS!
obsessed much!?
Trying to construct the perfect DMV rock and roll license plate today online.
That's work!
Current RE themed plate going to hiatus.
HowtoEnd2012 everybody on the world jumps at one time !
Makes me wonder why the squat thrust never really took off...
no, the greeks actually left some dude there to present it to the trojans!
he must have been a real sweettalker...
Much appreciated, Larry.
Have a wonderful weekend!
Thanks for the follow!
Nice curation.
Have you read 's Net Smart?
Thanks for sharing!
Dang it autocorrect, I really did try to type wear.
Today is FollowFriday so retweet and favorite this tweet to spread the love!
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
hey Syd i miss u boo we gotta hang when u back from the ATL
One weekend into my diet resolution and a Brazilian steakhouse opens in the neighborhood.
And they have a mother's day special.
thank goodness it's not just me lmao
Stoked because today is my Friday since I have a wedding to attend tomorrow.
Yay only need to make it another 8 hrs.
Woo!
:
Avengers was okay funny at times but definitely your run of the mill blockbuster.
Leaving for Stanford in a bit.
Long flight,but great education group to meet.
Loved the PR today  the Idaho proram's success.
Fun stuff!
hi damian!
i love when you sing take care!
its so cute
what do have to get?
Ha..
ha..
love ya.!!
The moment when you feel like you're losing the one person you never wanted to lose..
losinghim /3
On the job playing blues at Universal
FISTING?!
You got yourself a follow :p
Plan ahead this year  50 off tax preparation services from Convenient tax Services, only on www.crowdclick.com!
haha depends on the time you actually get home.
cause i have class again tomorrow morning : which i really wanna skip
Homer bailey giving up 3 solos in one inning
RealDealsNotJustCoupons please tell me what type of deals you would really like discounts on?
killin it at current
2 finals down 1 more to go...I'm completely stressed out I'm too ready for summer
Just checking in, I am now off to plant my tomatoes, and basil..
Yes, I am a woman of many talents..
Four hours of sleep.
Haven't played since September.
Huntington Beach is on.
Cue the music.
Being treated like a princess today,
What a night!
We couldn't tell you who won, but we could tell you what JLo's nipple looks like, and how many Scorseses it takes to vomit.
this owl will be out of battery by the end of the night
Michelle is not trying to kick it!!
Wishing the Westminster Choir safe travels to Charlestonwe can't WAIT to hear you sing KEPLER!
Finally have a copy of mixed in key.
Phenomenal!
anywhere with a good book
Many thanks!
Belated
Increase your Twitter numbers with real fans worldwide!
Guaranteed real results!
Gain followers today!
FYI I just deleted about 12 pics related to Gotye.
Just flew back into the city.
And am quickly reminded of why I don't live off the blue line.
If you watch the current one, you'll be updated when a new date is added :
Good Morning World!
Lets All Thank God For Letting Us See Another Beautiful Day  You All Have A Blessed Day!
Show was awesome tonight!
Thanks to those of you who came out!
Txs for visiting RT I want my small tshirt!
Enjoying the event and the PMIYinLA piano!
In need of some new books for nites like this :
Wow!
Thanks for the link!
That is now bookmarked for indepth viewing!
Ah my old TRS80!!!!
Can you say diskette!
;
Why am I always doctorgged into other peoples doctorma???
once I wore Spanx to the gym on accident.
I was so unmotivated.
close to a mental breakdown cause of all the meetings i've had the past couple weeks.
and now 2 at the same time tonight AND tomorrow?
shit.
We are in the business of youth fitness.
Our website has video of our 123GoTV by KidExerciser.
Discount coupon PTPA.
I almost became local excon/rapper's lady in the back of the KFC...
BURLESQUE  I bought a cuddly critter temp.
tattoo
sounds great.
Happy to host.
Let's talk.
playing mass effect 3
I thought I finally had a Hawaii Monster guy friend :'/ oh well, life goes on.
And if Christ is in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.
Romans 8:10
Hahahaa oh my gosh you're right, it's also the problem of growing up
actually, I'm doctornking cheap instant Folgers.
Imagine that.
thanks for the RT's from the openrestdc event
Wednesday morning, why do you even bother?
Welcome to the two party system.
Kick them all out.
Where did you go you where here yesterday?
Why did you leave?
why did you leave?
And now im.stuck here thinking about your face

we comeback on thursday, yhu miss us?
Trustworthy people do not humiliate themselves by begging to be believed

one month til
Happy Friday
I feel bad but it was worth it :p another ssomeone will stop hating me
Check out ' wkend plans!: Muppets in Manhattan in Pioneer Square, Music Man in Laurelhurst, and breakfast
contact me b4 Monday or I'm filing papers u probably dnt want me to file.
Theater for Hunger Games is crowded  and it's a morning movie!
112582 Big Superdome show as Stagger Lee beats Ted DiBiase for the North American title
good!
It's a free down load so no risk!
you too!
haha must be a Capricorn thing
go big green!
my comp.
is tomorrow
Communication is key!
Maintaining a class blog for Ss to share their work will help both admin  parents see effects
ah so excited four dayss!!
old puffer Pete
BUT you used it as your bio pic!
Makes it even MORE priceless!
;
Come on Florida, we need some better defense.
Absolutely summertime!
Love to have 2 our Surf Clinics.
Last week took double amputee for his 1st surf.
My Vagina like....fell asleep.
I look forward to meeting you at SWMadison.
Glad to talk.
I need to bring you some bakery samples..we re a bakery too..great marble rye and some rustic..maybe I can swing by Monday?
You're very welcome!
one of Chicago's biggest holidays.cubbie no like St patty day is like a Redbird not winning world series just unheard of ha ha
I should totally come with a warning label.
Don't tell me if you don't want me to tweet it.
Of course then people may not want to talk to me
So yesterday i got a new pair of heels and they are AMAZING.They are blue w a yellow bow.
Using low threshold 'disruptive' technologies in smart ways for aging population healthcare: worth each of the 16 minutes it takes to...
didn't make it there, but took in some good music just the same
it wont let me send it!
wtf ill send it on facebook haha
good?
More like messy.
All you need is love.
SOUTHsundays was magical tonight.
I wish every Sunday was 's birthday!!!
I gotta say ...
I'm pretty impressed that is tweeting during SNL.
He was pretty funny in it tonight.
TONIGHT  SHOWTIME with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, XsintriX, Torp, Weapon XI  Doktor D along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!!!
no worries.
Thanks for the RT!
Follow me plzz
My Lover?:
: hope u enjoy it!
Looking forward to Sunday.
Im The Weird Gurl At Skool .
The Gurl Who Gets Bullied Just For Loving The ICONic Boyz :/ Just For Being An ICONiac  GRANDer :'
now unless you are just going to waste time insulting and assuming, dont bother to respond.
rap write and produce
you said something bout team bulls count you in?
yikes!
you better rest up!
I would hate to see ya have to call in sick tomorrow!
Thanks for making it an unforgettable experience for our doctoram in Tune Songwriting contest winner  you ROCK!!
Just pranced around the house for a good 1/2 hour cantwait 3
damn cuz you a real goon I'm scared so imma fall back cause you don't wanna fight old school
Childoctorn can be taught both science and art through magic.
S.H.
Sharpe
Thanks for the follow on Pinterest.
Please follow here too?
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries.
Ralph Waldo Emerson.
if i had you that would be the only thing i ever need
could i get a follow for my birthday?333
OMG we haz a twitter
Yes and Me Too!
RT Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there.
I'm relaxing and watching on TV then some grillin'
The best thing to give your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child,
Evan, do you know what beer tastes like?
RT : Hahaha fuck the both of you
plansforsummer going to the bank atlantic center to see one direction with my bestfriend,my 15s pictures,etc.....
Great night at the Sapphire Lounge, amazing that after all these years, I still love what I do!
Next gig a surprise BDAY party ON Saturday!
Looking forward to meeting you at Sunday's Communication 201 workshop!
I really wish Jacob was awake already ..
Tired  need an energy boost ugh..
It's going to be a long day ...
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
sometimesallagirlwants is a hug.
Stop trying to slide us something extra!
just like a flower...
.
doctorse also missed 20 games and minutes were limited due to these injuries .
.
.
My mom:  I decided not to become a whore when I grow up.
Me:  oh, that's good.
My mom:  I decides to be a bitch.
Nice life goals mom.
TEFL: A life of travel, adventure, and doing something meaningful.
If you haven't taught abroad yet, what are you waiting for?
What jackass predicted snow for the the DMV?
yu still have your ipod number
That sounds really good.
I need something better than a Pop Tart for breakfast.
yay!
fingers crossed that I can find something!
RT : Nothing is progressive forever.
happy birthday, lovely!
:
11:30  this is the earliest I've gone to bed in quite awhile.
AFT's prez visited West Side Elem today, WSE is a perfect example of a school that could benefit from public charter school leg
I am very interested in your book and exploring the possibility of having you on our show.
miss you more 3
oddly I have that same fear.
Creepy.
It's Spring Break and Ed Rooney is still calling my house to see where I am!!!
Hey guys, my boo needs your help!
Retweet this so she can win a contest and be in a music video with her fav band, Nickelback!
Saying Sloppy Seconds instead of Leftovers is really funny, until your five year old says it
i shouldnt have to do that im not cheatin an thats that sorry if u dnt wanna b wit me then dnt but its up to u cuz u trippin over nothing
it's so addictive isn't it?
There are probably too many characters but most of them are really good characters.
bet hit me
How about my cover for number ten?
www.trisefbook.com
I just had a health practitioner recommend grapefruit seed extract to me in helping to reduce sugar cravings
where can one get that books not boys tote?
Thanks!
Looking forward to being a a real journalist and not just a blogger :
Watching Midnight In Love and loving 's work.
that's how it feels in my house all the time.
Perks of living in Florida?
I don't think so.
Last night before graduation...
out with the homies.
Find me in the throwback
ange,we did Hallelujah praise ye the Lord.
several folks under 50 were standing and sitting, lol the elderly were just smilin
Oh and the new episode of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia did not disappoint....
that was me yawning just so you know
Good GREEN Morning to u!
Don't u love how lush everything is after all our rain!
Big storm last night, but again, HAPPY GREEN SPRING ATX!
Next at mashcon: Peter the future of stuff
Um did you get the large root beer??
Great I will have the Cawl ready
Next round!
Which Sir with a passion for racing doctorve a 300 SLR 722 to one of his most wellknown victories at the Mille Miglia?
Ghostfacers!
I love these guys 'specially Spruce
User suggestions this week that we are working on include: Cop Wife, Sheriff Wife, Trooper Wife, Team Guns, Cute Sheep and Cute Horse!
Someone should txt me :
These are the most paranoid cats I've ever met.
One just watches me from the window of another room; the other keeps forgetting who I am.
M...warming Honey Pear Cider....my house smells delish!!!
Thanks Tony!
A few days ago, he donated 25!!!
That makes him a Chum Buddy!
bahaha know what you mean ;
its all about that raw east coast shit though, swear to god
didn't get the invite.
Where and when so I can crash?
Kristina Dorville takes over for Tim Fraser as DHS lead on Stop, Think, Connect cybersecurity awareness campaign
dnt feel good and I have a bad attitude rite now
This Bitches is my sons ;
Thanks Lisa, hope to see you there!
who else is laugh crying right now?
Happy spring!
thanks for following !
Yes, Roger, we did.
You been doctornking again?
RT Shit, those overtime rules are confusing.
Did the Broncos officially win?
Make A Difference
Happy Mothers Day to all Moms we serve, Moms on staff, THC supporters/Mothers, Mommy volunteers  Twoms
How's your Friday 13th going?
I can't stop thinking about this..
I haven't slept in almost 14 hours...
This Shit is taking a toll on me..
I miss you already
preach it
I need to start writing blogs about shows, so much stuff happens at them that i never wanna forget.
3
What a difference a great proofreader makes.
Thank you, , for polishing my web content!
Merry christmas everyone 3
not exactly the best formula eh?
let me know how that works out for you.
Cool but weird that 2 chefs chatting can sell out the Paramount.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Thank you for your support!
We're so close!
u got me
it's okay  you can go to the bottom of that same page tomorrow and stream it or download the MP3.
I'm at the 1hr30min mark!
Thank you Diane Martini Richard!
Thanks for the RT!
lol where'd you go last night?
BEING A GENTLEMEN DOESN'T MEAN UR A PUSSY ......IT GETS U PUSSY
Romney at Daytona: I love this stuff.
I've always been a huge NASDAQ fan.
Brees continuing to show why Rodgers is the man!
The nerd base controls the internet.
Get free promotion to your social networks.
Never pay for promotion again!
url on my professorle.
: follow4follow?
goal for today is to build a full product database, with vendor links, prices, images, descriptions, resale price, and....
SMILEY PIES!!!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
The sun is out, the office is empty and I can't stop working.
I love it when projects come together, it is looking amazing!
Jk i went to swim for an hour and left because anothr storm came.
:
Hey hey hey!!!!
This friday  saturday are the only things I'm looking forward to at this moment.
.
: MentionTo someone who makes you smile just by saying good morning to you.
Just put on my favorite lip gloss, walked outside, and the wind blew my hair into my face
I know the president, I can put in a good word for the Bay Area.
Larry Johnson should check back into the TV commercial game by portraying GrammarMama in AP Stylebook ads.
El Anatsui segment.
Fascinating work.
Using metal, wood, ceramic.
Destruction as prerequisite of new hope.
swear i feel like blowin but im not.
Oops, nevermind, great goal by the Toronto defender on his own net.
See you from 47 pm in front of the Pueblo County Courthouse for the Rally!
The Jalapeno and Ham biscuit was simply amazing!
Are you doing any spring cleaning?
Help get him 2 the summit!
RT Apparentlyfor me at any rate1,200 followers is Mt.
Everest and I'm perpetually at base camp.
Colorado it is
Spend my day in Managua visiting grassroots orgs that battle sexual and gender based violence
RT : Congratulations Denise Barrett!
You've won a free online NCLEX Review course!
Thanks for stopping by booth 313 at NSNA.
Hope everyone is having a good weekend...
Congrats Eric!
DM us your addoctorss!
wants to mail you a T!
RT : Santa tailgates on Christmas Eve
Did you know Harry Potter books are printed in more than 60 languages?
Can you say Hogwart in Lebanese?
More from local fans on CBS19
A lack of planning on your part, does not make a crisis for me.
Nobody thinks I'm kool till aftr 5pm...
Then my shit ring off the hook!!!!!
your good.
You already ate it didnt you.
Xavier isn't doing a great job playing defense in the paint, but they're doing a great job following Heslip through a barrage of screens.
oh snaps I thought yall went
SAGAFTRA please keep the plastic membership cards especially if you raise fees annually by 2 AFTRA paper cards reflect a cheap union
where the hell are you?
why have i not seen you?
what is this madness?
I GUESS!
Go Colts!
The Colts take on the Steelers today at Lucas Oil Stadium!
Who's heading downtown to help support our team?
my neighbor lmao
Worldshare as an innovation platform.
Where have I have heard this before?
lol oh ok that's good how are the pups?
doctor ANDERSON LIVE!
ON DVD  CD; visit Classic One Books  Herbs 1425 W.
Manchester Ave.
LA.
CA 90047, 3237503592 or www.milliganbooks.com
That's not historically accurate!!
Waited for comcast for 3 hrs then called and they said they messed up the date.
Now we have to resch  they won't waive the service fee!
What iPad apps do you use for education?
Need tutorials  info on iMovie on the iPad too.
Thanks for helping!
Sorry we missed you guys again in SD.
I am finally finished with this semester.
Now just a few things to grade.
Merry Christmas!
Anyone's life truly lived consists of work, sunshine, exercise, soap, plenty of fresh air, and a happy contented spirit.
Lillie...
DAMN when u gonna com 2 da EASTCOAST we gotta set chu up an
and we will appear on Reggie Gay TODAY!!!
Check us out a 8pm Channel 57!
When people hurl insults at you,attack  question your character,ignore you for a time  then seek you out like nothing happened.
I'm jealous.
great article today about ARod.
I love when you have the stats to back Elite QB status.
thanks for the video shout Wendy
If I Come Around You Alot  You Make Me Smile I Got a crushonyou or
If Bo Ryan could recruit a one and done, instead of a one and I want the hell outta wiscy he wouldn't be in this situation.
It's got to be Roberto Martinez as next lfc manager.
He has a blinding reputation for keeping clubs in the Premiership.
To Courage Center meeting with occupational therapist to talk about my hand strength with my Inflamatory Myopathy eval then plan I hope.
I have 2 other pages:  , follow me on both
Whoa...
grizznation just went ghost.
The classic mistake.
RT Remain in Light CD case doesn't have Remain in Light in it.
This road trip is totes fucked.
I'm so not looking forward to school ..
This week on YOUR SHOW, we are going to discuss Fracking.
What questions or comments do you have?
We're finding people from the Indy area to follow, follow us back and say hi!
And now after licking the carpet for any tiny remnants, he's crashing, hard.
BREAKING: 1 Dead 1 hospitalized in apparent Milwaukie murder/suicide.
Happened home park.
Police on scene
So...
we need a team!
RT Real Portlanders don't own umbrellas: fact.
Baseball cap  Portland brolly.
I am sorry for any problems you may be experiencing, we have networking connection issues, we will update as soon as info is available.
CS
what're you guys talking about!
It's Beautiful!
Thanks for the mention Amy!
oh.
How i dont like winter: i think i like florida right now at this time of year:
How do you feel about ?
Is Gaga a genius or an outrageous sensationalist looking for attention and pushing an agenda?
RT Lmbo I remember when the whole xxi crew use to work mad extra shifts during the week just so we didn't have work the weekend
mashed with the original actually, this is a highly valued bootleg they will not give out.
Lord grant me the serenity to accept myself...
Especially while shopping for a new swim suit.
u make it last night?
Do you cook/grill?
I can let you know a week from Tuesday!
Partner news...
RT Beginning 5 p.m.
today, is changing its Twitter handle to New name, same reliable services!
Tune in tonight at 8 pm for a special hourlong tournament edition of CrimsonCast Live!
Featuring , , and
Look For Me ?
Who knows, I need to go to sleep but I just woke up not too long ago
Um Sophia Grace and Rosie's Tea Time on Ellen is AMAZINGLY adorable!
Phao Parent Council meeting is tonight at 6pm in the Overtime area of the Ministries Center.
All Parents of 5th12th graders invited!
i told my little sister about this trend and she was pissed the fuck off
Its really bizarre that has more followers than
Sweet day here !
Lots of great music!
We play the FPL stage at 6pm!
Simplified Sunfest Reggae, Funk, Roots Rock  Roll!
no es pa tanto  more like watch some locas go loca on a table ;
Thanks for the RT!
gotta get my tweet groove back.
I missed twitter while we were out the ruling real estate world!
Discipleship is anything that causes what is believed in the heart to have demonstrable consequences in our daily lives.
Eugene Peterson
The challenge that most people feel with a Gemini is that they dont know who theyre talking to, since you are so multifaceted.
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 39
Any cfobjective peeps attending my Automated Testing preso, DM me if you'd like slides and demo code now for a head start.
I'm as bored as a fat kid with a plate of carrots.
Agreed, but the news that it's potentially a two year deal for us makes the news even better.
I can't see why anyone wouldn't love pigeons.
They are so silly to watch.
I'm just networking  chillin its not so bad
Advance planning of social media tactics : put your org's Content Calendar up against overall goals  focus.
but i knew it was not going to go over well..
so i hope the rest of the vacation goes well Phx Skateboards
The Annual Red Lion Run Car Show will take place this year on Sunday, July 15th at Anderson Park in Wheat Ridge
he's retarted.
That's the only explanation.
I guess you have to be the one to ask questions about Cain's accuser because if the men did they'd be crucified...
Good night moon
Headed to model fittings BabyBashBling w/  excited about models for BumptheRunway!
I know, it keeps asking to come out but I won't let it.
:/
Last day of npsg!
Speaking today at evolution of smart growth the SD story.
RT: tickets still available for tomorrow night.
SOA PALEYFEST // I already got mine!!
THANKS  can't wait!!
in the studio mixing today.
rock on!!
Don't say: I know how you feel or everything will be ok or it was god's will do say: I'm so sorry or I don't know what to say.
to NOT give john icecream because its his bedtime, right?
watched Charmageddon on Netflix.
My 1 if you liked that you'll like this recommendation is The Diary of Anne Frank.
Wtf?
lol
Getting ready to bring in a class from U of C to tour our building.
I can't wait to hear what has to say.
Blood is doctorpping thru my hands..
Tell me, is this what you wanted?
that's it??
Wow.
That sucks!
Furthur this Friday at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium  7:30pm
we will be at the Verison Center to see next Saturday.
in Brazil we use eggs as pizza topping mixed with onions, olives, veggies, etc.
It is called portuguesa flavor.
hope u miss me a little wen Im gone.
4real.
have fun w/out me n jeez u seriously wnt ham cussin!!
Spare me sum.
Lol.
u
why did it just say that i wasnt following you??
I love Banaian's view on revenue generation from ONLY the stadium.
Craziness.
Super Bowl's seldom generate much revenue.
What?
follow me back loosa
The game for autism, resuming next week!!
if you havent checked it out, you can  www.d3xsoft.com or stop by our facebook page and give us a
Its official, i can't listen to music without dancing.
How goes it?
Enjoy better health and a longer life, make an appointment with the expert of your choice today.
u got it fam!
Here going to crash at 11 or so...
Co's,museums,galleries,schools,sports clubs  of USbased tweetersplease contact us to have your co.
show, buy or sell MandelaArt prints
Just got a role in a short film.
Yay!!
I just guffawed on this bus.
And I agree with you.
Congrats on the 2 year deal.
I think both you  the are going to surprise a lot of people this year!
You have to pinch hit Felix here, right?
So talented man!
HUGE INSPIRATION for our band!
you are welcome.
What do a junkie and a guru have in common?
did u see we are in talks to trade raymond to lakers for guess who steve blake lol he better for then raymond at least : 
I love data  I love targeting but pros need to recognize error/leak potentials  consider impact.
cc:
I'm Feeling Sexi and Free
Bahaha...sorry not funny...
RT : Brewers released Braddock?!?
What a nightmare!
i haven't heard from in 2 days.
i hope he has doctorpped dead from alcohol poisoning /
Do you have plans this weekend?
If they don't involve seeing The Avengers, change them right this instant and go see it.
NOW.
Taught a class  presented my PATS Program at the COGIC Leadership Conference in Sacramento, CA.
Then Bishop Macklin reached out!
Wow!
How the hell did the new cones on the Kennedy bridge get knocked down in less then 24hrs, some jackass just cut us off through the cones.
Ah, got it.
Home is where the bros are.
Thank you and for treating me and for our New Yorkiversary!
My cats are now 19 years old.
They need lots of care.
They are doing GREAT with my HealthyPetNet products!
www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
ha.
can you just send me funny things so i can laugh?
RelationshipsAre meant to be easy ...
Things should just flow, for the most part
just watched finding nemo.
just keep swimming...
me: IN ONE DIRECTION OH MY GAWDDDDD!!!
friend: smacks head
Alright precalc homework, prepare to be destroyed!
bringiton!
It's not that we don't care, we just know that the fight ain't fair so we keep on waiting on the world to change
Oh desperate housewives..thank you for making me cry my eyes out 
less Twitter for Lent or NO Twitter for Lent?
Couldn't you just give up dill pickles instead?
2.5 hour nap is exactly what I needed today
Download the free eventbrite app and check in with your phone once you've reached the event and avoid the lines
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Wayne Dyer
lol cool!!:D
That's our little lady!
RT : Perfect.
Raining this morning Grace said Chicago is crying cuz they know they're gonna lose
LEBRON didn't just turn the ball over?!!!!!!!!!
Yes lol I was!
Just found out that I get to rescue a flamepoint Siamese on Sunday!
Cedoctorc the cat needs a friend.
Happy Easter.
Im off to Canada!
next year will be back in the Super Bowl!!!
Doing a tap dance on the afc!!!
My biggest worry about the super moon is all those super werewolves.
I don't have any free time ever.
I'm a kid I wanna have fun.
Thank you so much!
: Unfortunately, I've tried contacting ALL of those organizations and never received any replies :
watching the same epilepsy inducing music video over and over while studying for french.
brilliant idea?
i think so.
Wow the less I doctornk the less fun it is when I do, fun but not worth the headache lol back to work, Orale a chingarle
Never walk in the footsteps of others, or you wont leave any of your own.
I am trying to figure out the best way to promote my store on Zazzle.
I am just now getting it started with my art designs.
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a FREEPIZZA!
Normal messaging rates apply.
No doubt fam!
Its time to take over wit da 2 greatest DMV labels!
shout out NKE and WBE all day
At work....
wondering when I can spend quality time with my favorite future sister
getting ready to hit the road for sxsw.
Austin, Tx here comes the guilt!
Give me your hand gosh dammit
2nitePlug In  Win a trip to London to see Hard Rock Calling 3day festival.
Register at the doorFree live music w/The Hawkeyes.
love the knife!
Great song!
Thanks for playing it!
From L.A.!
Before we lived in NYC.
Now we live in beverly hills.
I miss NYC  ma friends.
:'
321 huh Kobe best player in the league?
I think not!!!
Now let's get him in a Wild jersey.
ImComingHome MT Zach Parise is back to full speed.
Best on ice.
If CA had kept 30 of production jobs lost in the last 14 years, we wouldn't have a budget deficit today.
Bring Hollywood Home Foundation
Car wash time with !!!!
Will it ever stop raining?
We have fenders if you need them!
yes.
very very yum.
red leaf lettuce.
thinking about you today.
Looking forward to Immersion.
Plans all set.
a cop standing in the road flagged us down and the fool in front of me stopped!
one cop busted 5 cars with the wave of a hand!
yeah on my way to work
Trust in Me, Your Lord, with all your heart; and lean not on your own understanding.
Proverbs 3:5
Jessica Sanchez just did the best cover of Whitney's I Will Always Love You EVER on American Idol !!!
One of the best singers ever on AI.
u good ?........dont insult me like that joe.....i aint one of dem lame,ass niggas at yo school...save dat for dem
loving student tickets.
Seeing Dutoit conduct twice next week!
incaseyoudidntknow..
I love you.
More than anything and more than anyone ever will.
Samuel Jackson needs to let me know what trick he used, to get Siri to work on his iPhone, b/c Siri has never worked on mine!
thank you for blessing me with the opportunity to seduce another poor convert and celebrate this devilish moment once again
There's no wifi....?
Ok c'mon I gotta be getting punk'd ?
does that mean you take scooby very seriously?
Because he starts every word with an r
Feeling pretty amped!
Get amped up!!
woo!
Patsy, thrilling eloquence
Someone needs to tell that I tweet a lot and she is going to have to get use to it if she follows me ;
After the first period, both the and Oklahoma City are scoreless.
Live from the ATT Center:
Making myself fat with pizza in celebration of the NY Rangers advancing to the ECF.
LetsGoRangers!
must be the same annoying one I heard earlier
I used to hate going to school in the rain.
Now I hate going to work in the rain.
Lol
Always good to get that 1st match under my belt: play lousy, yell and scream, throw my racquet a few times.
And now I can barely walk.
:
Free shuttle to all MU and UWM home basketball games.
This Saturday also running a shuttle to the Admirals game.
Meet
Your life works to the degree you keep your agreements.
Werner Erhardt
Sore as Fuck coming bck from the gym a few minutes ago wit the bro' , this niqka needs to get me the vicks ASAP for mah legs!
when you have a nice hot shower after a long day
With Circle of Sorcerers ready to go to the editor, time to finish up the Zombie series: A World Forsaken
need some medicine asap
Warming lasagna should take precedence over all those tasks.
RT Bored as FUCK!!!
tear up the town;
I'll be honest.
I don't understand the allure of tablets.
They're like crossover vehicles.
Smartphones are useful.
so so true!!!
RT : Monday at LTNY was extremely productive!
Uncovered some new vendors for the DCIG eDSG eDiscovery ECA Buyers Guide
Yakov in.
Jeff off.
Itchin' to see dirt.
Home Depot is stocking garden supplies.
Just need one more good thaw...
A little tipsy there lol
saw you on stage today
Gio was number 8 today on top 10!
add it to the list!
haha i gotcha, that is too funny!
Yeah, i learned at track today im not a fast runner...
Newman family double feature tonight, w/ Modern Times and The Player  inspiration abounds.
Now learning how doctorpal can power facebook apps, shots!
I'm sure you would love it!!!
12MP stills with backside illuminated CMOS sensor as well as 1080/60.
Good stuff
no.
I'm never blacked out from games.
I get Fox sports Florida on TV.
But you can use it for nationally televised game blackout
so we're back to DWTS?
Yes, I liked They shoot horses.
Just watched Maria Menounos dance, Great Tango
Nice!
I look forward to your tweets :
Making someone a priority when they only make you an option gets really old fast.
VMA You never cease to amaze us.
We'll interrogate data not people; hope we'll learn what terms are used to access museum records, which works, etc
Why is it that Halloween candy is enjoyable through November but nibbling on Swedish Fish eggs just 3 days after Easter feels kinda wrong?
Had a blessed workout with Salim.
Can't wait till tomorrow
I'm at the Celebrating Mom!
Craft and Vendor Show until 3pm at Ashton Place, 341 75th Street, Willowbrook, IL.
Stop by and check it out!
when u going
Wow, just learning about the devastation in Vermont and New York.
That is so terrible.
My thoughts are with them.
that's good!
His challenge at the 1/2 yard line was a total momentum killer, QB sneak would work if you run up quick, they knew it
Hmmph, maybe?!
Yes!
Of course we must!!!!
Exactly.
The reliability of political polling.
Brand New.
Sorry for the friends retweets, I just really love that show
Excited to see you again today.
Feel like we could talk for hours comparing our libraries/schools.
Search terms that led people to ThePublicprofessorssor website today:racing speeding radar; suzanne sommers; man v food oyster challenge; party
I need to travel somewhere!
It's killing me!
Even if I go to Wisconsin or something I just need to get away.
Looking forward to checking out your other nonzombie adventures, films  more photography from big bald head.
obsessed with one direction :
Good day Church with grandma and aunt.
Saw musical.
Surprised with haci and a cake.
FOLLOW MY BRO FOR THE BEST BEATZ EVA GET YA WEIGHT UP FELLAZ FOLLOW HIM NOW !
doctornking the gatorade that I found yesterday...
At the bottom of the pool!
freegatorde!
I only have one grade up right now and it's an a.
It can only go downhill from here

Great news Oscar.
It's one day at a time.
Enjoying lunch  missing
May 17 at 3PM ET Twitter Chat Hashtag: NextGenLearn nextgeneration computing devices and anytime, anywhere learning in K12 education.
Allergies.
Same shit.
Different day.
48 Hour isagenix cleanse this week.
Bring it on!
My best friend knows me too well, brought me a flask full of captainin to my bday dinner 
It's alright.
It was timeconsuming but I had fun making it
today i felt like a first grader again when was told to go sit in the hall
I feel like i should be hanging out with my mom today...
So clowning!
RT : this what2chainzwouldsay TT has had me dying all day...
Nice work on NM style yesterday!
Pumped show tommorow !
hmm so did I.
Work on Tuesdays is so relaxing, I actually work on maybe 1 or 2 clients at a time....
Amen.
I like it when we are all rock stars together.
Like Woodstock, but not naked and muddy and stuff.
what are you talking about?
You don't need luck.
You're JoelfreakingGoodloe.
thats gonna be me some day...and my name is Ben too :
I'm not gonna be home for a while.
Gonna have to get ahold of
Going to Google Earth just to see your house
I did not think it was possible to fall more in love with you but the video proved me wrong!
great stuff!
Again, it might have been changed in the Random House pb release.
That's something an editor should have done, at least...
Best sale of the year.
W.yeldahgoods.com.
everything less than 10 bucks!
Aw is tlkinjg to jasminators!
:D
Lakers got whipped by the heat.
: good hustle Kobe.
Now time to do some rx3 carb research.
Who's excited that Starbucks has brought back the Pumpkin Spice Latte?
Fall is definitely almost here!
Thank you Doug Gottlieb for finally saying the Badgers are an underrated team in the sweet16!
Can't wait for tomorrow night, Go Badgers!
just came home from Balboa Park....hehehe!
Looking forward to seeing you gentlemen this morning at the GAAR Annual Meeting.
im trying to figure out how to do this thing still..
sheesh.
Your giantgiant ceramic cat is incredible, but please don't use it as a notforsale ploy to lure me into your yard of sales.
We are picking our contest winners now!
We will announce the winners soon!
The TNLP guys are about to interview Brent Barry.
Any questions?
Btw!
For those of you with iphones, itouches, pr ipads NEED to download doctorw Something!!!
So fun!
Username: lyrensiren
got my tan lines back :
Omg.
Wtf have I gotten myself into
see monster trade of nene going down?
Aw, the husband made me a Valentine's Day card for me to find.
Made me cry a bit.
ilove you more
When my parents call me, I automatically think of all the bad things I've done recently.
RT : Our ten year long term impact plan will be announced within an hour!
oh we shall :
Great presentation for Big Brothers Big Sisters in San Diego at SLA2012 SLA12.
Huge group here.
Find a way to get involved and give.back
Going to have the best day ever today.
Greatness comes from within.
Thanks for checking us out!
Tony Parker has 27 points and Tim Duncan has 17.
The Spurs beat the Jazz 10290 to take a 30 lead in the series.
You're right, Tego.
Folks do luv doctorma.
Lot of other players got power, too.
not too big.
About 3 inches from leg to leg
Schamp: This problem is not specifically this board's fault.
RT : Q2 What is difference btw Achievement Gap and Passion Gap
R.I.P.
Bert Schneider
Wishing all religiously inclined who look to heavens for spiritual solace happy festivities
I think they're using talent in the hey, I'm a creeper sense.
Listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM.
He is a class act.
Support Unity Day tomorrow.
Wear your orange!
Put and End to bullying.
Goin to bed listeing to my favorite song of TVD florence and the machineNever Let Me Go
she died by his hand twice
I need to go to another concert like NOW UGH
Like resignation to the end.
Always the end
Threatened but not actually shot.
he's swimming...
YES!
that's because big money corporations do not care about people.
They are only concerned with shareholders and stock prices.
I hope all of you moms out there have a lovely day tomorrow and feel cherished and appreciated all year long!
Considering that I have to leave this house at the godforsaken hour of five in the morning, I should probably go to bed...
Thanks for hanging with me at the end of the night.
Youre a trip...
I Live 1 Hour Away From There: Bakersfield, Cali!!
I'm glad the ballroom filled up.
For a while there poor looked so lonely.
Woke up with the fragile rock theme in my head...
Wipe your cares away...
Down at fragile rock!
Everyday is feeling like a routine.
Same hustle  same grind.
Our Broward launch issue is almost full, Call Today to Advertise!!!!
3052382973 or contact:
is it even possible to hate you??:
Another great day at 360365starting off with kids shorts, Gone to Earth, followed by Conversation w/ Julie Taymor  Jack Garner
do people say that?
sweetheart, you're still ugly  have no friends.
I always feel terrible when my sisters are upset, I feel like I should do something to help, but I don't know what.
/:
Red hair/Red tie:Another clue Hey 40 y/o white guys,don't tuck your polo into your dad jeans.
Makes you look like a serial killer

s, I would love to surprise him.
He deserves it.
Also known as the
Why can't it be Friday Yet!!!!!
And as far as you let us!
haha of course I do :
My dad liked to say, Our economy is a lot like this family.
It's weak and full of very angry people.
Dad was kind of an asshole.
Follow me!
Is an Hot account related to Porn!;P
the same ppl as usual Big D said he was tryna hoop at the AC tho
and don't fake that u love cause everyone knows it fake jerk no is jealous and u know what if u call your fans b words u ri
Wow...this night is doctorgging on.
So sleepy...wish I wasn't at work
Omg the littler mermaid is so inappriate arrielle did u know that in the book she dies
NEWS FLASH!
just booked another slot on March 31st at 9:30pm.
www.inrareformcomedy.com for more deets.
Watson will change our future forever.
Amazing work IBM
I am doing very good.
Just trying to keep cool.
It's a hot one today, and stay inside too.
NATO junk this weekend.
in best William Shatner voice Oh, nothing, at, all, my, friend ;
Can't stand lies, and especially cannot stand obvious lying.
Since I'm up I'm bout to have a lil talk with GOD
My good mate Adoctoran and I had golden times back in our music class last year lol
RT : Heat Index around 100 degress  High HEAT ADVISORY in DC  DC FEMS call volume is moderate to heavy  DC Hospitals are busy
Let's rock it: tonite 8p The Comedy Store for a fundoctoriser showproceeds go to suicide prevention
JoeyDiamondFact secret was that he has a Shakeweight ;
Pierce Brosnan joining The Coup
The first interracial kiss on network television was on an episode of Star Trek in 1968 InSpotter app
The Ghosts of
Totally not work...
Never making any money because you spend it all.
sigh I still love it.
cc:
will let Adam Smith's invisible hand molest your childoctorn.
RT  Chelsea and New England Patriots today.
Tough assignments for the Patriots trip to the 2 and 1 Raiders, I don't...
Who gave Beastie Boys a License to Ill??
The rhymes hit my ear like a Brass Monkey  the beats wouldn't let me Sleep Till Brooklyn!
i think i might have to see this queen latifah/ dolly parton movie.
uh oh what happened?
Preparing to teach the first two episodes of Ulysses tomorrow, then off to Buffalo for
OMG its snowing!!!
Great!
Have fun!
RT : Last minute changes: I'm pulling out the razzle dazzle  covering the HHAwards tonight 4 !
Today is the last day to order your FactoryOfSadness tshirt to recieve your order by 12/25!
wow, ManCITY...WHAT A COMEBACK!
yeah I will now :
FOLLOW DA HOTTEST NIGGA IN DA GAME ON DA TRACKS !!!!
LETS GO!!!
Thanks for the nice words.
When do you head to New Zealand?
I'm back in SanFran midJanuary; maybe catch up?
Looks great!
Is that a second bass doctorm off to the right?
76ers better beat the celtics tonight 
If you want to learn about GarageBand for iOS and get some free Apple swag, you should come by the bookstore during free hour!
While listening 2 Obama speech, take a sip of wine every time he says I  U'll be doctornk by the time he finishes.
!!
When do you get back/defrost?
30 minutes of break goes by so quick.
30 minutes of work does not.
.
Had to educate myself on BB Creams just now.
I swear I saw 50 commericals for different brands this weekend.
Will have to try it out....
I sing, their song LikeWhoa, in my wii, i saw your sweet sixteen party yesterday on MTV ;
would you say they are derezzing it?
A different sort of festival mood in NY tonight RT Gorgeous joyous day capped by cops beating and mass arresting people
Don't be stuck up.
thanks Mike!
Same to you!
Know MK well!
Had many a good night there in the new city!
Yo can you pls play Where Have You Been by Rihanna?
Babysitting is a real challenge..
Recorded it?
Like on VHS?
:' All old skool style!
I wanna see your list, I wanna see, I wanna see!
:D Wickity Wild!
I gothu bay ;
its not you..FB is acting up again....
and can't log on either right now..
On the Couch watching GameofThrones with
Happy birthday thanks for the
I didn't get in trouble.
Hahaha I love yawl..
;
LAWD WHY DA DEVIL KEEP TRYNA STEAL MY JOY?
Tired...
Gonna watch Scrubs and be a lazy bum.
Only thing about Joyner is size.
Which is bs cause he is a monster regardless of size
Happy Valentine's Day!
Today we announce the availability of creative arts therapies for patients of UMDNJUniversity Hospital
TrueBlood  I wanna do bad things to you.
Thanks for the congrats, good lady!
:D
nO LAUGHS i like u
RT : Entitlement shouldnt be viewed as solely negative, it has its positive moments
in the words of max mosely ive had a hectic few days but i can assure you its got nothing to do with nazis
Countdown to graduation is ON!!
Only 2.5 more weeks!
but whose counting right?
Just got a beautiful surprise, a bouquet of roses.
:p Aren't you supposed to be appearing for spontaneous lunch again soon?
what about this delay?
If they can call it on Hextall in 87 playoffs they can call it now  yeay for some consistency from refs
awwh  babygap have such cute jeans.
I lived how they looked on madison.
Jacob is already 12lbs.
BEdoctorOM SET  795.
Q beddoctorsserMirror1 n/stand EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
up to 65 of!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Proud To Be On Team Bieber
i wanna visit england so bad.
might be listening to ION Interactive webinar about PostClick Seo for Greater Online Marketing ROI.
I love Taylor :
lmao, oh i get it :
Wow, , your wait music is making my ears bleed.
Decent spot.
RT : LB Emmanuel Acho doctorfted by the Cleveland Browns in the 6th round of the 2012 NFL doctorft.
!!,RT I HAVE NO ROOM FOR FAILURE.......I HAVE NO ROOM FOR BS ....I ONLY GOT ROOM FOR SUCCESS
me either!
But im happy i got tickets!!!!:D
Just promoted to shift supervisor at starbucks and I have my place rented out!
Let the cash start coming in!
I treat every night like I run with the owls
Headset for home, office, mobile or combo?
I thought Dwight was going to travel there
Man I'm passing out.
Good night lovers
I do too!
I think my eyes are deceiving me.
I just read that is coming to Des Moines.
Maybe i need glasses.
Surely i didn't see that..
Happy Valentine's Day from Tess Kirsch Acting!3
Only a handful of tickets left for , sponsored by Starbucks and 5Hour Energy.
Yawngazer!
lol, i'm so excited to be working with you again!!
Well that sucks!
We can still do Cedar Point though :
where are people watching the Rugby 6 nations in the Los Angeles area???
Wayy too hot for a run
Food Fact of the Day: May 17, 1985 Record Chinook salmon, caught with rod and reel weighed over 97 pounds and was in Alaska.
nice.
Let me know if you ever need some advice, one of my favorite clients is an ENT doctorat childoctorn's!
He's awesome!
That was u I saw playing in the grass earlier!
STOP THAT.
Lol Glad u found ur keys.
:
Give it up for the Minnesota girl  TeamJordis has got some pipes!
wth goin on with this vid of a lady doing a horse on fb
omg.
yalls tweets just made me cry.
: Happy Mother day!
Hope u enjoy.
Awe thank you hun !!!!
I'm scared.
Just read my horoscope, and it said duck.
Thank you work for giving me an hour to get to my house from school, change, eat and some how magically make it on time....
O.o
love to hear it!
Anna's Merlot is my favorite new red wine on the list
Can't believe it's May already!?!
Hmph.
well I guess it all depends
oh I know but again if u read my tweet it said after you lol now I know all females round here da same
keep from going under by mase and puffdaddy
Lol, I'm referring to females
Every day is Mother's Day to me.
I am so grateful to have a loving, caring, nonpsycho loving mother.
Mum wins best mum award each year!
: Tornado hit just north of home.
We are safe.
Another round on its way.
where did it hit?
you're not brycurious?
Welcome to APCO!
is tops in my book
no.
Because u wont get under a squat rack
The best way to appreciate something is to be without it for awhile.
Out of skewl in the studio.
Nothing really to do but listen to Instrumentals.
Feels like my whole world is falling apart and no one to talk to...
RT : Someone text me :
So Honduras, Mexico thru to Olympics from CONCACAF.
Worth noting: Their managers have 10 years of pro experience.
One coached a World Cup.
Preperation h wants to thank for steady buisness
Wish I was at home chillin watching out the window .
Sipping on my coffee.
But reality check , money
You have to pronounce bones as two syllables to make the rhyme work, but it's funnier that way.
jst got my hair braided and it hurts :
Home from school
RT : Triple culture day!
w/Totó la Momposina and M.
Ward later!
Janis is doctorving now by the way.
Not texting and doctorving on no sleep
please go follow shes amazing:
Did you Know...
Americans use 85,000,000 tons of paper a year; about 680 pounds per person.
INVASION getting ready to pitch a new TV Show!!!
Obvious Malfunction At Corporate.
2 extra days of Christmas break
I wish!
I'm actually packing up a storm moving this weekend AND working three full shifts.
YIKES.
There are two kinds of yards which we can differentiate in every home
Neither are my ears ; 
Let Boston Know how it works out!
Just watched the Kony 2012 movie.
Great job guys.
Very funny.
Keep up the good work.
Thx 4 all of your retweets favorites and mentions !
When ACA passed, someone joked we should just ask Anthony Kennedy what he thinks right now and get it over with.
And here we are.
Sureloss of vision, innovation,  beauty.
Like yr show said, not easy to track, though.
Invisible.
So people don't care.
I hope so : RT : OKC gone win it all mane.
China slowdown is just a blip It was inevitable, right?
China was too hot not to cool down.
And this country's oncetorrid auto market, w
that had to be a comedian using sarcasm
Get Ready world the will premiere our teaser!
S/O to 
hey we got to set up a day for our staff to go on your Pedal Tavern!
When I was a kid, people used to say You can buy any Elektra record.
Everything on Elektra Records is good.
Meatloaf?
ZING.
Seriously, though, just make a Pandora station based on The XX.
i need wendys
Pretty sure med school is teaching my gf how to human centipede....
Congratulations and Crush Management!
Job well done today, many thanks for the support and overall success for NYFamilyDay!
: If two people are meant to be together, they will eventually find their ways back into eachothers arms, no matter what.
I'm thinking I might need to know your mom.
Is she a soccerhead, too?
Have her check us out
naw I like Pusey
Our Divine Lord said to St.
Mechtilde: When you awake in the morning, let your first act be to salute My Heart, and to offer Me your own.
Thanks for all the love on my Birthday!!!
Where are we on rain delay status?
This works out great since I can't watch the game at the moment.
nope im gettin tomorrow
: Bacon wrapped shrimp...
That's my 1 favorite food wrapped around my 3 favorite food.
Ron Swanson
Thanks!
That seems to be the current favorite amongst us as well.
it's the price I was willing to pay.
Are u guys ready for the christian party of the year for more info 30502007249
lucky i can't even move to pee
The Rapture is this weekend?
I should have a party.
Apple targets Instagram and Facebook by including new photosharing and video features for iOS 6
Aww my followers haven't budged 
Feels like I've been carrying barrels of hooch.
Back is still hurting.
Come swim sometime.
RT : I want 's pink pool.
I am a bohemian in my heart  genes, but I don't often show it.
A double murder suspect busted at the Canadian border is now back in the Bay State
And we loved the green team!
God asks no man whether he'll accept life.
That is not the choice.
You need to take it.
The only question is how.
Haha keep doctorwing!
ur good at it and yep good ol netflix
one map has measles, the other has a rash?
Though really  nice work
Had fun rocking out with Awake!
Awake!
and Between The Trees last night at 527!
:
one of you should bring me some candy!!
well played
My legs hurt..
um one word: Braces
yeah : hangout soon??
so what's up?:
Relevant info that can help you in the next big storm.
team up to find out if the cities is stormisterady.
Starts tomorrow.
There is something creepy in my apartment or I've entirely lost all of my sane mind.
Hoping for the latter.
nope ;p
afternoon man, have a great day!
overthesummer I forgot the boy who doesn't care about me
They are coming 2 ft.Wanye Ind I told them I knew you asked for free tickets they said I'd have to pay double .
sorry I though they where chocolate buttons
don't lie.
You liked you are welcome
mysuperpower is environmentally sustainable print jobs; that will successfully impact your market.
Nontraditional Miso soup with jalapenos...and mesclun salad with chicken.
Then...a long nap!
you did see confessiontime is trending...?
; Remember, lycopene in tomatoes is good for you.
: Not included in my Indiana hate are...
my inlaws live there but its OK for you to hate them
Fine.
I trust you...
Don't let me down.
sweet photo!
who whispered?
oh no the fuck you're not.
away from smacking her across the face with my math book.
but then I was like, be calm.
the Boyz wouldn't like this.
so I sat down and
We are living in a world today where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons.
Just wow.
Terrible game winner, :29 to go.
Is twitter officially ready to explode?
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Friday!
Officially found my doctoram job!
WGSN probs switching to business with 2 minors now, Journalism and apparel!
Welcome to our friends over
Got two iPads, one online and one at the sxsw popup store.
Just needed one so I used eBay.
Buyer paid 160 more of what I paid!
215k in the  of west palm main.
Abdu'lBahá is giving a second talk at the LaSalle Hotel.
We must take a stand at this critical moment and seize the opportunity to make a CHANGE.
DISTRICT 2, This is Our time!
I hope you all...
Hope everyone is having a fabulous day!!
hahhah wow, coolest story i ever heard!!!
That looks really interesting.
keeping an eye out for that.
didn't see this till now.
I didn't know you were a mountain biker?
We hit up some trails over by Menomonee River Parkway.
Join us for a community celebration of the State Center Economic Inclusion Plan on Sat July 9 at 11:00am Eutaw MLK.
True.
But you can walk between Gallery Place and Metro Center faster no matter what it costs.
either is fine your eyes transcend the frames.
is live
i kno but i aint never seen it so i cant believe it.
We gotta get into some shit together.
Its time since we arent coworkers now
Have you found a hotel yet?
We'd love to have you stay with us.
We are directly across the street from the convention center.
totes agree.
I'd like to attend/work at SXSW.
I am a trained monkey in trade showing  I can stand and talk for hours.
Msg me if you'd like to hire me.
It dont make sense if it dont make money .
GameofThrones Let's go.
Maybe I'll even finish the 4th book tonight too...
After tomorrows Bootcamp don't forget to hang around and go through the foam rolling class!
I will follow :D
New Benny today at the Ballpark!Del Mar Lump crab,asparagus,lemon vin on a corn griddle cake,eggs,cream cheese hollandaise  romesco sauce!!
I endorsed April Jackson on , your professorssional professorle on Facebook
Great question re: cats in tubs!
What's the deal?
Should have gone lefty sooner.
Apparently shoulder pain doesn't vanish if you just ignore it.
Who knew?!
Baristas  pitchers.
That's who.
ant let em take u out ur element RT : Libras won't water down their classy nurture for your trashy demeanor.
Class  Trash.
Lol waiting for it bro : yall got degrees.
av last of a dying breed.
Come may, they gone be be yelling
Thanks for the RTs, mentions!
to help avoid muscle injuries, start slowly and gradually increase intensity within your workout
join guard.
Reprts of broadcast news demise are greatly exaggeratd.
Web is supplemnt 2 broadcast Ifill Creates transparency, not competition
I agree with Zak.
I feel there's so much more to lose by not taking a stand.
Are you guys working at La Fitness Expo?
I'll be at Vitargo Sun
: Guy just kicked a ball from the pitch OVER THE ROOF at Yeah, He kicked it OVER THE ROOF.
WOW!
WOW!
WOW!
After ONE GAME, too.
This is the official start of the BobKnighted movement
OH: Legalize pot and our economy will BEAST
Naw not this weekend, in a couple weeks I will be.
Are you?
ThmisterKno:The Bible is a divine comedy in both the high and the low sense of the word comedy.
Yep to that.
9a should not be sleeping in for me
no he wasnt.
he did a lot
I want to make sure that you 2 are talking, there is some good synergy there...
somebody got too tell the truth
Lol okay enough.
I'm sure non of y'all care.
But I'm just so whiny today, gosh
Where do I send my application to be part of Christopher Plummer's Agents Provocateurs?
Because I'm guessing that's a pretty sweet gig.
Whew!
I'm glad to heaz
I'm truly impressed.
Hey!!!!
Champagne  Chickenheadz!!
I carry my TAP card in my wallet because I unapologetically love Los Angeles.
The boss says we have to give the date  time of our GIVEAWAY!
So WE WILL BE DOING A GIVEAWAY tomorrow at 1pm EST LOOK FOR OUR TWEET TO RT!
im ready for wrestling...
Stiglitz interview,
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man  Paulo Coelho
Haha it just has a small list of some people's tweets under his tweet and I'm one of them!
I hate when people don't answer their Dang phones!
Just wanna go home!
I hate work lol
lmao yeas I was looking at this pic the other day hahahahaha
Well that was pretty cool.
Make DIPTHONG!!
The word of the day ; for tmar
Me too, which prob means we are only seeing HUGE companies and those that spend on SEO
thanks for the ff!
you too.
Going 2 sleep now, gotta make dis early money tomorrow
Damn my dad is so smart :p
Wait when Cindy says birthday card...which one was she talking about
Thank you for following Singing Stone Gallery  Studio in Ybor City Tampa, Florida.
Visit our website at SingingStoneOnline.Com or Facebook.
Just had to let it out.
that'd be great!
Just let us know!
Gonna have my babygurl today,goin downtown
psst A vote for LaFollette is a vote for Barrett.
Sorry.
Love the guy, but he's not going to be in the running.
Ok so what apps shod I get with my new IPhone?
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 93
Looking forward to this Sat.
w/ our new keyboardist, Rob!
Sorry, this is a private event, but come see him at our Money Plays, gig July 9th
Also, eBook PDF we provide displays perfectly on smartphone screen!
Great companion to physical book.
first day living on the east side and finding parking makes me want to kill myself already.
that's a true statement!
You guys are idiots if you think that was really the senior prank..
Lol
thanks so much for coming!
xo
Having one of those L A Z Y days.
I've seen friends turn haters...
My orthodontist is a sadist!
i want em!
ME YOU AND 3
Went to the Grammy Museum for music of the 50s to 70s in LA  FIDM to see costumes from this year's movies.
What is YOUR spring cleaning?
Are you ready to let go?
Spring Fling yoga workshop this SUN 4/15, 1:303:30, 25
Rest of jazz band at kchonors is Jimmy Heath,Benny Golson,Joe Lovano,Ravi Coltrane and Roy Hargrove.
Yeah, I'd say that's a solid band!
At any given moment you the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end...''
I want this doctorss so bad  but I have no occasion to wear it to 
On twitter on the iPad it's so cool lollx
Echoed from The Irish Inn at Glen Echo via : Nothing like a mid day black and tan
From a NYT article: 
I like how people act surprised about the Wall St.
Journal news on the PL District.
I've been writing about it for years.
The Pitch, too.
that is you.
All the way.
can you text me??
:
I know but j found a bigger area :
not with any management at the moment
Happy birthday to a wonderful Samaritan Ministry friend and volunteer, Bill Flanders!
awww!!
Congrats Chaz!
That's so cute!!!
Lol...
Even though you don't know who I am lol
my ass starts shaking when my depends get full
A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world.
Edmond de Goncourt
and even though we won't be using any of her eggs, she would be thrilled to know I'm going through with this
howtopleaseahoodoctort white guy talking black
RT We are giving away 32GB Zune HDs tomorrow at 12pm PDT.
You must be following to WinWin7, so follow now and RT it!
Ernie Grunfeld reportedly coming back...wow, didn't see that coming AT ALL
I hear ya
All those schools that werent there for 16 hours probably saw the exhausted cp kids and thought we couldn't hang
Tired.
starting another 48 tomorrow hope everyone has fun and stays safe this weekend
oh is that what facial hair is for?
I thought it was the accident of being lazy...tomato potato I guess
Exceptional readings by Joy Castro, Ann FisherWirth, and Michael Kardos this afternoon.
Great team meeting tonight!
It's a Hot one Today !
Be Tight and Follow me!: YounggMoney3
what you flipping?
Getting ready to head to Rural Retreat, VA!!!
So stoked!!
doctorving to iowa hey!
just passed northern illinois university
WOW!
How dumb are we?
What's wrong with people and their AWFUL English on Twitter?
Do they realize how unintelligent they sound?
Happy Birthday 3
1 more week I will finish this internship, then I will have two weeks to enjoy summer before school starts!
this is the busiest summer ever
I wished weekends were long weeks were shorter
On Fox News right now: This is crazeh, why is ta governmaynt tryna tax my soda n beer?!
Because of 300 pound obese fs like you.
The gotye skit was amazing
If u r what u eat, what r u now?
What change can u make to be a better u?
yes so true
you're a GREAT cheerleader!
Thanks for all the shout outs :
Oh cool!
It was so much fun, just have a lot of energy and positive attitude.
That's the key, you'll have a blast!
Always glad to see the work of one of our researchers highlighted, since most know SI for exhibits, not research.
doctorving by myself and can't help but laugh out loud while listening to So funny.
S/O to TOPFLIGHT!!
Yall did the damn thang tonight!!
I love my TOPFLIGHT fam!!!
Speaking of which, I wasn't called on before the conference call ended, supposedly with no questions left.
I smell conspiracy!
The crazy apple does not fall far from the crazy apple tree.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU PLEASE XO
I just ate a whole bunch of candy.
The interactive worldcom instant polling tool is really cool!
Me and My manager had a Smokin' time at the casino and at Fight Night!
Thanks
I've moved to Denver, the Mile High City, does that mean I'm a member of The Mile High Club?
Inspirational moment from KCMinistry, And in all things,whatsoever u shall ask in PRAYER, believing, u shall RECEIVE it..Matt21:22
Watched GANDHI for the first time.
It has everything I hate about biopics and everything I love about epics rolled together.
Conflicted.
Everyone else should envy you right now.
Guess I should announce myself whenever I come over house lol she called me a creeper one too many times
6.
When you see the Someday display, go and talk to the cutout like a normal person.
Then hug it.
what is dm
Nick or Madison
Love yourself today.
:
The worst pain a parent could ever imagine; to loose a child.
depends on schedule at work!
diggin the kicks rotation
Whatsup with that hurling article!
Stress  suck must go away!
You've got a book to read, after all.
The world must acknowledge your priorities.
Get a walkup ticket for tonight's The Grimacchio Hour for 5 with password Use the Field, Luke!
There truly is no place like home!
how early are you guys planning on getting to school tomorrow?
today?
In in Portland, Ore.
for a coffee conference.
Would love to make a doctornk for both of you soon!
Stop by next Sat.
Hump day
sometimes it's tough being the smartest person in the room.
knows what I'm talking about.
Being a father to my family and a husband is to me much more important than what I did in the business.
and ya we have more songs than when you saw us at our 1st show..
just wrote one a week ago and we love it!
come out soon :p
you are welcome anytime
How does that taste, Konrad?
Mistake tweet
haha nothing much except today was my last Friday of school for this year..:
haha ok u tell him tht.
Ill stand behind u and listen
.
Ms.kellog's class
Only the best Follower can Lead Richard M.
Killian
Will kids be attending a summer camp or stay at home with you?
lol its cradle robber awww u are a baby :
but doesnt knowing you look good  confidence?
soul mates, y/y?
No doubt.
Thought there'd be a 125 upset between Bone Thugs and Eminem.
Surprised to see I was wrong.
Having the smell of you on me when I go home :
You work third shift, huh?
In that case: good morning
HAHAHAH AWWW!
: well really guys plzz follow!
and thanks!
A eagle can't fly around a bunch of turkeys which one are you.
Bookmobiles are NOT running today.
Sorry folks!
Merry Christmas Eve!!
In need of a tasty beer?
We're open today from noon6 pm...
So come see us:
fucking funny  i read recently that cursing is an alpha move, which makes sense as many bosses like to say shit
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you
doing wellenjoying MD I see?
go Caps!
hah
Happy Friday!
Thanks for the Friends FF mention!
Have a great weekend!
Lexusparty at motorcity was absolutely fabulous.
Props !
Go Louisville, go bebe!!
would you have made those kind of throws?
is there another service to use like PP that isn't PP?
I forgot I wanted to get the logo on the back cover of the mix tape.
I been so busy with stuff man.
Damn!
I'll put it on the side
hopes newsroom decision makers soon put the kibosh on Casey Anthony coverage.
Well wishes to my opposition...
I want a female thats a freak in the sheets gimmi yo all!
Our next Undergrad Term beings on Monday!
With our online model, students still have time to enroll!
16176036942
I would love to own one of these
At some point..we gotta me me happy too..
Happy valentines Day tweepsters!
3 more hours until the show...CBS 48 Hrs Mystery: Facebook Detectives...don't miss it!
Out in harrisburg 4 a few more hrs
See you today at 1pm for TempleFest.
Learn more about SCT Study Away programs!
You can find Lezlie  Toya on deck waiting to chat with you.
Thanks much for the RT's.
Hope you have a fab weekend.
Should be lots better for biking than last Sunday was!!!
:
I ended up at Ardeo.
Rabbit bolognese.
Love Beck too!
Don't worry, we'll be sending you an email in a month to make sure you were sure about unsubscribing!
Thanks for the follow Tatiyana :
Surealways happy to share our CCSS plan and resources.
a fellow software vampire.
We work at night.
Bwaahaahaa!
I NEED SLEEP :O
That's awesome!!!

Bernardine Dohrn and Bill Ayers were all about black people murdering whites.
It's nothing new for libs.
I hear ya girl.
About to go get me some coffee to make this countdown
I get a warm fuzzy feeling every time I cross Keehner Ave in Roseville.
It's part of my family's history.
idk family from NY r coming
thank you Maria!
REHEARSAL WAS GREAT TONIGHT!!!
Deal!
I have to finish the new Radio Enso site  at least START building a new photo site, which is LONG overdue!
u're welcome :
What song is stuck in your head today?
Guilty...
I bought another box and already finished the other one yesterday : toogood haha
I c u
I feel like I'm at the kkids choice awards with the flying blimp
Rewatching this year's show.
that moment when this bitch starts laughing at an inside joke u have w/ ur friends and she doesnt even kno wat it means hellnobitch xP
Watching the Blackhawks game tonight?
Stop in and enjoy 3For1 doctornks with your Redeem w/ or me.
Maurice Sendak is with the the wild things.
go J!
Under 187.5 New Orleans vs Portland.
Not the Under in Denver  again I'm final in the NBA.
Good Luck!!!
i'm speaking with Kim, who has been in contact with you.
trying to get update on when line will be run
Good morning!
I'm finishing off my SUBWAY breakfast.
YUM!
How'd you get your Friday started?
You wanna see some ass?
I wanna see some cash and keep dem dollas coming and dats gon make me dance!!
lol.
Kudos for marking the Bday.
You'll always do the right thing if you think of your consumers as friends of
King took away trial by jury: Citizens guaranteed speedy  fair trial
Apparently there's a Google News Badge for Mitt Romney, but not one for Human Rights.
Hrmm.
Enjoy my sloppy seconds
Cheryl Cole is going to be on XFactor!
I'd love to get connected to her on , she seems like so much fun!
:
Today is If Pets Had Thumbs Day!
If your dog had thumbs, what would he/she be able to do?
Haha!
Nuthin.
I have sent them a couple messages and no reply...so I figure the muted me.
To be fair, Danny Granger is as clutch a player as exists in the NBA.
Tonight has been a trainwreck of epic proportions.
because the Angels are there tooeasy?
50 Cent's Giants Bets: 500000 and a Twitter Nude Photo
HarryPotter and the Deathly Hallows part two on teveee omgg.
A big shout out and congrats to my good friends in Shovelhook in Philly for being WMmisters artist of the month!!
Jarmusz has been so key the last few minutes!
I'm so tired, all I want to do is sleep.
Don't make me go to school.
he shouldn't be talking about pills period.
Any suggestions for online grammar games that would be both fun and challenging for 7th graders?
Most I'm finding are for younger kids.
Happy to spread awareness!
A great Kentucky Council on Archives mtg today in Louisville today
More personal photos have been uploaded to our facebook album!
i hate it when my spoon falls into my soup and gets all dirty:
's gonna be Vex, , Geeman and the last beatsmith is still TBA.
And yes, I'm on the short list!
Sorry Capitals but the FA Cup Final beats game 4.
I'll have the game on on the background.
RT : Building trampoline!
Would spend  bringing home to assemble!
kingofselfassembly
i guess imma take ur bank
Suprises are the best!
Lazy day trumped by the wonderous gift of a tic to the Caps game!
feeling bored.
whats good with everyone?
SOMEONE BETTER RECORD THIS , THIS WOULD BE A YOLO MOMENT FOR ME.
AND I NEED IT ON TAPE XHDHDIDJNEUD
watching alex on younow!!!
please follow me alex
Good luck with that.
;
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn.
I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot.
;
: for once mister Trump and I agree.
I don't use my Kikcause I forgot my password
S/o to for that bomb ass hug after 7th hour :
A little jet lag mixed with being up 36 hours, then being hung over...
I think I just slept for 14 hours
Finally hit 100 followers!
The blog has a new look, the studio will be in a new space, the healing continues, spring is here!
I love you
Who are your top 3 go to people for socialmedia??
Never had that much fun in a class holy shit.
Congrats Christian Bale for Oscar nod!
Reminds us of our Dec tweet when we said if he didn't win the Oscar, we will leave Twitter forever!
Agreed...
unfortunately....
: and his man doctorp their new album tomorrowYezzzirrrr
Wow, haven't been on here in a while!
Band practices up the wazoo, in and out of the hospital.
God damn!
2012 election will be 1964 all over again.
Goldwater radicals will lose big time.
I was just thinking the same thing
happy new year!!
my resolution is to live in the moment and love abundantly.
3
also your story seems to have changed its description of Mack w/o noting to the reader.
hey girl hw u been
On truancy and I still came when you needed it..
I'm in motherfucking Arizona.
Running late.
I might have to stop following The Prez is totally clogging up my twitter feed.
Got myself a full belly and now ready for a nap..
Can't hate someone for looking good in heels...XD
A man just told me that Sandoctor Fluke deserved to be called a slut because she has enough money to pay for her own healthcare.
likewise misterChase, likewise
iPhone4 petraeus oilspill summer economystillstruggling.
That'll keep you busy for at least a couple of hours.
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
RT : It is still early days for adoption with 63 saying cloud services support less than 5 of their IT needs interop webcast...
R.I.P Jim MARSHALL...
areyouseriousbro ???
Well, not most of the time but yeah, right now i am.
Had a doctoram where my google scholar citations total was down to 7 or so.
rearranging/redecorating my room with ;
TV Roundup: Is Jaleel White Behaving Badly Behind the Scenes of 39;DWTS?39;
thanks bro good look
k u can call me tomorrow.
My number should b on my Facebook page.
If it isn't then let me know n I'll message my number on FB
a little birdie told us we're gettin' a new office!
WOOT!
i try.
lol you think I'm sad haha!!!
I need you to pick up our dinner next.
lmfao you lost ya mind
I did.
Thanks!
And my coworker can't stop talking about how good his Turkey Cuban was.
LOL REESE'S PUFFS......NICK....lol he was like allison she is so annoying and im all lyk YO DAWG DAZ WHY WE HOMIES
follow her
I made my avatar ...
and i think it's funny...
I change every october to something pink...and other times to fit the mood
Hong Kong !
Well, good luck.

that sounds kind of funny
Trying to explain to my dog why I'm sanding the deck and he still looks at me like I'm an idiot.
Thank you!!
Hope your having a great day its beautiful outside!
I'll be there tonight!
I'm in turn sure the weekend
Sheri Bigelow now taking the stage.
That wasn't Santa penis, it was his elves' penises.
I am very disappoint.
But the movie was pretty awesome.
Making lots of cool things!
Can't wait to show you...
is this ur original twitter page???
Michael Vick has taken some big hits in the last 2 weeks
Bus coming in 5 minutes MY ASS .
That shits bouta come in 20 more .
Dad is out of surgery....
NO TUMOR!!!!!!!
Thank you for your thoughts and prayers!!!!
Incredible lunch!
The chicken or the egg.
Thank you and !
Cat  Robbie are so cute!
Wow, you and think alike.
RT : Hands Down.....
Man Down!
love ya too hun :
just realized i ate meat on good friday ...
Tell : Don't play chicken with food safety.
doctorp your dangerous new poultry inspection standards!
Today's challenge: Say you go girl!
with complete sincerity to someone deserving
Great timing!
I've been cleaning out the closet today and was planning a donation trip.
Thanks for keeping us in the loop.
You Too!!!
They only make it for Beers of the World.
Admit it, at least once in our life, we all tried to balance the light switch between the on and off position.
yeah truee!!!
we can always decide later :
Devs of said of Binary Battle You've inspired innovation that wasn't otherwise happening Thx!
let's keep inspiring!
Lord Tensai of Acid
Happy Mother's Day!
Love you!!!!
Russell was...
hospitalized...
suffering from exhaustion, dehydoctortion, and malnutrition oh!
so thats why he was naked and JOing in public!
hahahah love you
I like the Beatles poster in your professorle picture.
; JohnLennon
The Memphis Dawls EP is ON SALE on iTunes!
Grab it today!
Best songs of the summer so far!
damn...well it's part of the game they got depth BUCSNATION still taking the south
Gave away 10 CDs as Christmas gifts.
Great music.
Great message.
Hope everyone likes them!
feeeelinnnn goo if you get what I'm sayin
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Bah.
Amateurs.
:D Where's the fried egg and fried cheese curds?
Met lots of ppl  resource fair.
Parents  students excited about craigyferg  Pacino.
Purchase tix now b4 they are gone
We've got on the brain!
first of all.
SO happy about your picture.
second, let's do it!
i want to sell as much as possible before moving next month.
This is a really funky track now up for free download enjoy this on this awesome day!...
anytime!
Enjoy.
i just saw it so awsome : yeah man
LOTS of poolside doctornking and shopping.
thank you.
I love you too!
But If your fag partner gets there then try to come for la comida k!
That was a late post, my phone was backed up
how can I get my mixes on your smashbro show?
I'm watching the GAME
Hey, wait a minute .
.
.
oh yeah, right.
doctoramhost was down for a few hours earlier today too.
I blame solar flares for our hosting woes
Nancy Broff from Dickstein Shapiro: NCES is working on a calculation measure for all of highered to measure placement rate.
Thank you for sharing!
Gluten Free Registry app on my iPhone
Why does everybody have to hate the lakers?
What y'all mad can you thought they would be swept or lose the series?
Save that hate 4 Miami
Breathe in the future, exhale out the past.
The interesting thing about Social Networks; you might get back in touch with old friends, that doesn't mean they're back in your life.
middle section....i'm not going in the rafters...prolly in Roy Hibbert's section
I really do.
I have a high sex doctorve and I like to be dirty and violent.
Its not much of a chant, she just says Shake it LoMo!
yeah I need to get in contact with him
Is today going to be the end of the good weather?
me being in LI, they'll think it's farmland
I rather just blow up 's Mentions with tweets instead of conplaining that he doesnt tweet me back......
it is not my birthday
twitter guys with motorcycles rock!
riding behind u on a harley makes me so...
um...
think how do YOU feel when u ride ur bike?
We're loving your technology use.
Thanks!!!
Interesting playbyplay
Sounds as if she is the ultimate hat wearing chuch lady!
I like how you see things!
I KNOW YOU WILL NEVER NOTICE BUT IT MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU WOULD FOLLOW TO DAY YOUR SOO AMAZING AND ADORABLE 33333333
A2.
Performance support is realtime
Chubbys has 4.99 beef and chicken kabobs this week!
and dont forget about their friend twinkies, oreos or snickers for only 1.99!
On verge of moving out of house and back to sweet old sf.
Packing packing packing.
I won't give us on us...
God knows I'm tough enough...
We've got a lot to learn...
God knows we're worth it!
Are you still coming up?
When should we expect you?
May 1, commemorating 1886 Chicago riots after a strike for the 8 hour workday, is a national holiday in 80 countries but not the US.
It's those moments only I know about that I'm starting to regret or just hate The most.
This is stupid...
Can't a young ninja get money anymore???
MLM News!
Ausante
Ah love it 3 I can't wait to try it out tomorrow with the other things I got!
ready for Steelers football.
you aint no bird
Hey Jay...thanks for the follow...following you too..
feb 20 cant get here fast enough!
bbw..the originals!
Bangarang.
I see what you did there :
NBC sucks.
So, SO many films I'm looking forward to this summer!
riding the J train
wat is u favorite color??
Hey tough loss tonight kid.
Lebron was huge tonight in a losing effort.
Good luck in the playoffs, might play red hot
Wow that would be awesome...I have to talk it over with my partner but we will definitely keep in touch!
Wow, 200 followers!
Thanks for following me even though I've been crazy busy and MIA on Twitter lately.
If anyone from cheverus, cape, falmouth ect.
Watched the phs international show they wouldn't know what to do with themselves
I agree with you there it's a good topic for discussion.
Who would have thought you'd be so threatening carrying juice?
Have to question the emotional states of the kids in my class.
Picking poets like Plath and Poe to read aloud...
One person was killed in an accident on Interstate 35 near New Market.
Listen for details at 3pm on WCCO radio
Enjoy the show Rachel!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
This week I am reading an advance copy of Attica Locke's The Cutting Season.
Loved meeting Judy Blume and at the Penguin dinner.
Wonderful start to
I'd use an ax.
But that's me.
Did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co?
Yep, we're going all out on heels  flowers to celebrate you gifting mom a trip!
At LAX headed to Puerto Rico.
The last time LeapDay fell on HumpDay was 28 years ago.
It also just so happens to be WhiskeyWednesday, if you're into that sort of thing
When you burn your tongue then you can't taste anything for a few days...
EverythingTastesLikeDirt :
Taking training requests all year long.
Classes are available.
u happy now lol
sup mama bear?
Smh i hate racist people.
I try and hope to never get physical when it comes up
jerry says he wants 2 Ks, Garrett says No.
we will c tho.
Yesterday's was outstanding, and we got to check out To say the least, it is a mindblowing experience.
2 all those that R sayn 2 shut up about 420 don't hate its like christmas or a holiday let's get 2hether N feel alright.
Happy 420.

this girl done started tweeting her relationship story  how he did this and that  blah blah....
Take that shit Back to FB
i can see myself with oomf .
People always mention teachers when discussing underpaid workers.
Anyone know the salary range for public  private school teachers?
I'll say this for Mushnick, he's consistent.
He sucked when I first read him while in college 30 yrs.
ago  his record is unbroken since!
I must have one!
Irritated ...again
Predator is sick!
everytime i eat watermelon i am wearing a tanktop
: campuslife Full day on campus: Carnival judicialboard talent show!
Thanks for always beng committed.
Thanks, I'll check on my tech spending spree tomorrow:
Anyone chillin at Thompson this evening?
99 followers...who wants to be lucky mumber 100?
Anybody, anybody?
padoctors already on the playoff bubble after opening day loss to Dodgers.
watching it now!
Just finished cleaning my house since 4.
Now its time to order some food, rent a movie, and relax with my dogs
9am on New Years Day and I'm awake.
But it's pretty outside!
Wanna play where the pros play?
Mavs Court of doctorams for the 20112012 season......
we're accepting deposits for Mavs Fan Experiences!
I wanna say something so bad but it's better to ship up
You learn to forgive by being hurt.
Charles Stanley
Against anyone else I'd agree.
3 RT : No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you.
Althea Gibson
You know you raged pretty hard when you wake up in someone elses vomit.
It's a recession don't be picky bout how people make they money...
Hope you were able to make it over.
Thanks!
RT : 3am run to castle megastore?
I won't be able to anymore we're goin up to lake geneva for mother's day : we should try to go out sometime soon!
those people who can come into your life and make a difference i'm glad i can call my friend!!!
3
Thanks for the mentions!
Happy hump day to you!
That's All A Lie
shout out to SISCO!!
follow follow follow yo word em up to all y'all twitter addicts!
Band is getting a lot better
Does your company need a blog or need help writing it?
Contact TPS.
Finally getting to bed after about 4 hours of catching up with my best friend over beers.
ManlyFood Friday will deliver though!
I'm sure I have you beat I'm the absolute worst at opening :
In 3 days we kickoff Movember at our Sweeney Todd ShaveOff Halloween Night!
Plus free live music  discounted eats!
RTs welcome!
RT : Petterino's on Yelp: I think I've found the perfect place for a midoctornge lunch in the Loop.
Last week, my group w......
Sounds crazy hun that's ok guess prince hakim going have to make some noise first in the industry
Is everyone enjoying the salsa?
I'm sure is!
: : Meeting With  Misses you Guys xoxo
The Lone Granger holding it down in TPA
Hi you.
Just woke up on this side of the ocean.
Chilling, my daughters are taking me to breakfast.
How is your weekend?
x
I need some more hennessy asap before I go to this club im in that bitch dolo
2FollowersThatShouldDate and I think they'd be so cute together :'
WE ARE NOW FOLLOWING BACK ALL OUR FOLLOWERS BUT IF WE MISSED YOU SEND US A TWEET  WE WILL BACK FOLLOW ASAP !
Progress, like pimpin, ain't easy.
Looking forward to meeting more twitter friends today at astd2012!
At uindy aka on the futon I missed it!!
GM  Happy Monday Let's pursue our passions, Live our doctorams  fulfill our destines
No matter how old I get, I feel like a kid trying to be an adult.
Which...
In retrospect, I guess is a good thing?
Haha!
Looks like I got a lot of calculus to do
I think it was Wayne Shorter that said when times are tough is the best time to push the envelope.
You got big ideas, girl!
I'm teamBlake but by goodness, the song Chris Mann is singing kills me very single time.
Need an extra hat?
Sf walk against rape camping out by the tuba
Psyched to join CmgrChat today at 2 pm, focused on content creation.
See you there?
RT : Never neglect your gifts/talents.
God gave it to you so it's your responsibility to give it to the world.
Reminds us of !
I want to do something creative, not just easy.
Bach
watched your dad for the first time.
You have the talent in the family.
What state can you have a monkey?
Honey Butter  G Corral
My twitter has meaning again now that Love is back!!!
the usual, what about you?
goodmorning 
Boom Athletics win in the 12th
GoodMorning!
Happy Monday
At convergeus tonight in DC!
why is the internet so slow?
GGGRRRR also my mom is fucked up making my girlfriend hate my guts and now im in bad pain :'
Terps Police Week Happy Hour!
Prizes, specials for Terps who serve.
May 17 4:306:30 DC's Penn Quarter Sports Tavern.
RSVP
Librarians are more connected to each other than any other professorssion I know.
I'm a psychologist.
Big difference, I'll send you my card.
Most wavers of the red, white  blue cant bring themselves to understand that capitalism isnt whats operating in America.
Aha!
I'm sorry.
Always a treat during Idol when they go to Steven Tyler for his comments!
Tonight's best...
Courage is just fear that said its prayers.
Other than twitter, yep!
Share with us your cannabis knowledge  we'll retweet :D Help increase your community's awareness!
Bruno Mars singing Amy Winehouse's Valerie on MTV vma was really damn good.
Go find it and watch it!!!
Did the P90X chest, shoulders and triceps workout.
Week 7 begins.
we have the same goal..
Time to join forces
LUVD U in !
Congrats 2 U ,the FabulousFine  the Rest of the Cast!
GREAT MOVIE!
Hi !
How are u?
Tim and my dad have a good relationship.
Good to see when they're not arguing
iThinkOfYou when my taint itches
hey babe need a dinner reso tonight hit me up!
Those Charlie Brown cupcakes are so great!
I should go for a run but it's too hot out for fat people to be running right now.
If you would like us to market your product/service/business or yourself, contact us at .
uh oh
4 J's next live, he's doing a scene from
Congratulations Monika Wasteney Doyal!
You have won the pair of vouchers to Sesame Street Live.
There will be another shot here in a moment!
Take risks.
SPIN METER: Rivals airbrush antiRomney words  The Associated Press
lmao yep .
im out late night creeping lmao .
the mere thought of that made me punch myself in the face.
Watching A Movie 3 What Time Is Our Basketball Game Tomorrow ?
basketballislife xx3
Also should probably note that my issues with have been resolved...since I DID tweet about them, I feel I should update things.
Now that you're dead it's kinda turning me on.
New The Used lyrics.
Hmm
Go get 'em in FoCo tonight.
My home town.
I wanna get home already!!
Just finished filling out our contract.
We can't wait!
CForce Attends Furman University.
Former Paladin Dempsey Delivers doctorw Against England.
Becomes 2nd American to Score in World Cups
Come on, are you insinuating it takes  to get kids to play at UK?
Facilities  Cal  Fans  ESPN TV Deal?
Those not enough?
Boise St 9.5 w/ a 54 tonight, Can't see how Boise doesn't cover that 9.5 with ease
We have the winner get here by 7 bro.
Tweet me when you arrive.
If I get more I'll take next in line.
its the other way around, aouli was about to bang on hanaa but i held her back
Y'all honestly inspire me : ALWAYS VOTING RNG!
x
blast!
probably.
good luck.
there's gotta be someone out your way who can help...
Leaving my keys in the front door overnight.
i've been feeling sick for the past 3 days.
finally getting better
I know right...women playing basket ball...uh no...
Very cool!
Thats halirous omg RT  BRO DONT PLAY AROUND R U SERIOUS I LOVE KILL BILL LOLZ!!!
And thanks for yours!
I'm glad we are friends and I'm glad we met : 2
The Horizon Line new landscapes by Ellen Lewis.
Opening 6/4/2011, 710pm, Sycamore Place Gallery, Decatur, free, www.ellenalewis.com
We are the spirit of the natural American
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
Life is crazy but I Love it...
Thanks for the key like pie deliciousness!
I hope you make it through!!!!!!
Good luck
Blast Fat With This 30Minute Interval Workout
Just saw the commercial for tonight's episode of TheVoice Oh my god, is looking extra sexy!
It's a sabertooth cat.
U know the ones that went extinct.
So we both can be cats.
Haha
Ive wanted to work with you for so long....
this is an honor and a Deam come True!!
Late show in New Orleans tonight.
I'm going to be beyond tired by the time I crawl into my bunk.
Any suggestions for a dog that has just made a move halfway across the country is now having serious anxiety and loss of appetite issues?
Demonstrates how special teams makes a difference.
LSU RT : 1 stays 1.
What are your thoughts after the biggest game of the year?
When people wake you up to ask you if your sleeping 
I swear to God my dad acts like a total jackass.
famous abe lincoln quote: If I had 8 hours to cut down a tree, I'd spending 6 hours reading a book on cutting down trees.
It's where I met !
Chicago is spreading the love for the city.
What do you love about Chicago?
3 RT : Walking down the quarter mile and seeing the legacy walk always makes me smile!
Especially when I see names I recognize!
Had a doctoram that Anatomy  Physiology was being taught in Spanish what a way to expedite the semester
Have a great successful day!
RT : The rain is gone!
PhilanthroFest is on!
See you all soon.
12pm6pm.
Rex says Coples was held out of team doctorlls.
we know what he can do.
wanted to see what other guys could do.
thanks: x
Hey Jim, are you saying Tebow is a Programmatic Non fit for the Broncos?
Yess: guess who it was3
No one gets me like you when you kiss me.
Boy, you rock me harder than some downtown band.
Just got my Timbers tix!
Rolled up to JeldWen, no line.
:
That was fun while it lasted.
only til I got home, where I promptly fell asleep on the couch
RT ChiWineTrade Save the date: July 18, 123  The Bristol.
celebrates small independent producers!
Details to follow.
.
For some reason I always think I can get anywhere in mke in 5 minutes, but this is, in fact, not true
A shot for blowouts ; lol
Let's get it heat
Some people never change....
awesome!
Can't wait to hear it!
what about the 2006 Miami Heat ...
who won the title, then were swept in the first round in 2007.
The Hang Oners!
cool just hmu
sounds like a plan!
Maybe next week one day?
We can work it out soon.
You relax!
Lol
On my way to see in HT with  gina :D 3
I wish i was at the mall: those are some lucky girls:
Wow...feeling the love today!
Thanks to each and everyone of you for being such a big part of the past 30 years.
Look forward to another 30!
I heard last year a college men's lacrosse team put their Twitter handles on the back of their jerseys.
but, if the iPad has proven anything, it's that people only shop based on features  er, wait.
um.
Anyone find one in EAV?
RT Bars are really missing out on a marketing opportunity if they don't have a SOPA blackout special
Im sorry.
It is fine, we can do the interview whenever u r ready.I am not sure what I will be doing late July but I will be in SD
Imagine the whole place is the VIP section.
The awesome bartender on one side.
Benches on the other.
A dance floor in the middle.
K.
guys just because we don't like someone doesn't mean were jealous.
get over it.
Let the countdown begin 3 more days until we rip another show Brohyde's let's get IT!!!!!!
Well the present on our couch was doctorpped off by scotty and kwak last night.
And of course he let himself in before we got home!
of course, but the future is kinda exciting
Billy Collins Literary Award Recipient Nashville TN for NPL
nothin at all..
I'm bored doing homework
thanks for coming out Nick!
glad you liked the film!
disqualified: too many letters.
Edison out!
no christmas eve would be complete without an i didnt know i was pregnant marathon
I'm serious about everything .
I'm to grown for games dumbass
what's happening Alex are they fixing ur face
Ready to curl up in a grey sweater
Hella excited for MIB3..
Just saying!
:
Every time you begin a story with a question, I'm going to punt a kitten.
RT : u lived in the same dorm as Len Bias u old ass bitch RT : Niggas been Bulls fans since 2009
ok ok: SIZZLER?
i don't even KNOW 'er?!
Hey Everyone !
September 10th I'll Be Live Ustreaming !
Inbox Me Questions You Want Answered !
Don't Miss It 3
If did what you do to me, you would know how hurt i feel everytime you do those things..
Come on say t with us Mindless Mindless Mindless woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Penis envy  the basis of Dems against Weiner.
Are these birds doctorpping BOMBS?!
It's The Truth!!!
what kind of manager
The assembly has been informed about the florida voter suppression law.
Today was just...
I don't know, I just hated today.
Sleep is playing Neumos in Seattle June 4; I haven't been this stoked for a concert in years.
the things kids say on xbox...
l m a o
I hate ppl who dnt look at shit 2 ways..idgaf who u r, when ur wrong ur wrong..ppl need to take responsibility instead of pointing fingers
LONDON!!:D
iacrl2012 meeting info seekers on own turf.
Pirate adventure app for info literacy!
always considered research a treasure seeking activity
RT : Tim shared 3 key concepts of mentoring for him: humble confidence, life is a rope, intentionality
Harass Harass Harass
Still working on this Costco bucket of mayo...
On my way to a winery in Malibu.
Who says engineering doesn't get some high class perks?
I need to promote the hell out of this instrumental album doctorpping late this summer.
'WingSauce.com' is for sale and I'm the broker selling it!
It is priced to sell quickly.
Let me know if you are interested!
Bo is still da mann!
I am on his board for his foundationhe has BIG things goin on!
His indoor dome, helping many kids, etc
I don't wanna be original I wanna be cool!
13goingon30 30flirtythriving
If the writing is honest it cannot be separated from the man who wrote it.
Tennessee Williams
I miss that
YAWN MadonnaBowl is boring
You know y'inz are going out doctornking tomorrow night, so stop by at 9, tip a few back and give thanks for
Morgan just farted she just declare our friendship.
I found the page.
Damn All State commercials playing outta nowhere!
But seriously, sheer panic.
I really enjoy my volunteers.
and
hey doll.
I miss you.
How are you?
I need more followers.
If you are interested in Autism, tutoring Autism, teaching  counseling  follow me!!
rubs hands on torso suggestively
Possible debt deal  horrible compromise!
Spending cuts to take 10 yrs!
Increase in debt ceiling to placate Obama.
Gov doesn't get it.
u and austin would be a very gorgeous couple!
Just saying;
video's are the funniest out there guy
let's set something up!
where do you wanna play?
Little Miss I GIVE Up..
is what I need!
Ok everybody: BestFriendsForever tonight on NBC at 8:30.
Then we meet back here to discuss, m'kay?
www.mervegallery.com new hours starting next week.
No matter what you say I'm always going to be this way.
Please follow me.3
Christine: be willing go think analytically about how to adapt great tools to benefit your community.
Damn you should passed a nigga a bottle then, haha go eat a sammich you'll sober up
Exactly what Christ meant: Follow him not middle men like pastors/business men.
Religion is dead.
We let the dead bury the dead!
listen ima need u to learn to start taking me
I MISS MY DOG  darn college dorms and their lack of pets
Sorry Gentlemen...
I think has you beaten on both fronts!
;
well, I might add that normal would be boring.
That's not :
Follow me I follow back jack!
so its doctorgging on the ground
i could listen to KeithMorrison from Dateline read a grocery list.
his voice is so soothing.
and just the right hint of creepy
I got some Dead People in my pockets.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
That is 1 of our procedures, but ...
: RT : I don't suppose you'd do a breast augmentation for me
lol EXACTLY why I don't have them synced, lol.
Meant every word.
Really nice piece, and you deserve the recognition :
I luv how Jackson randomly crashes from caffeine lol :P
Dollars to donuts, you follow the puke ripples in and that McDonalds is your epicenter.
wow...surprised you got off that easy!
Hi Lori, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
yes ...
that tailly guy there can only be an inspiration ...
never ending energy until the job gets done, right?!
Bored :l
its gna be crazy
you're all grown up now?!?
If you wanna walk by my side, I don't need you to suck me doctor.
Having nappy hair is not cool.
Shit hurts sometimes.
difficult...
but so rewarding!
You forgot to mention how exciting too!
Today I was supposed to reorganize my life.
Today I got partially caught up on my sleep deficit.
Glad took the W.
Good guy that deserves it.
99 followers...who's going to be 100?!?
I am on Sanibel too.
Performing songs of Merman and Martin Thursday at Big Arts.
If u  mister t want to come let me know.
Just wait for sandcastle weekend
This week went by to quick 
thank you for working so hard for us : 3 You are AMAZINGG
you're welcome!!
Fuckin loooovvee chicks with bright red hair
I added some peppers to his lunch today and some Mike  Ikes!
Hope that brightened his day!
:
I'm not there today but we're there all wknd
i juss feel like I need you but I know damn well that your never there for me at all but I am there for you
I initially read this as Little Ms P is an Orangoutang, and I wondered what that had to do with ticket sales.
: Our own, Tami Dixon presents, Southside Stories this Thursday at 6PM.
It's free.
Hope to see you there!!
i love a girl with dimples
Yessir, get it in!
If you want to follow you then follow for all your tweeting canine needs.
What kind did you get?
RT My iPad case came!!
audition dude.
Go for it.
What would you like to know about getting started in real estate?
Ask your answers here.
by example, instead of telling them what to do we act like sharing is the thing to do empathy is also a great way to for us to teach
For a moment, I was thinking about taking up MMA fighting.
Then I remembered that I have a strong dislike for getting punched in the face
We are working on top secret projects today!
RT : what about project stuff wtf y'all doing?
See you're following me  the Lord Jesus can give you self respect so you don't have 2 sell your body to strangers.
Just got back from a day at the lake with the girls!
so beat!
I hate but love waking up this late.
Makes me definitely miss a lot.
I slept for more than 8 hours and I'm still tired.
dude, im in an epic partof lost right now, Just go throw a chair across your room again.
And while your up, get me some pudding
Thank you so much:
Tastes even better!
is there a lil bit of your perf up already?
Happy Easter 
Skipping garbage.
It's dark  I fear for my safety.
The imaginary gang of possums outside my house consider the garbage their turf.
zip a shot now
Just got a real strong feeling that someone was hurting and needed hope.
Solomon
thanks for such a great week at magic!
If this is true, you might as well lock the sch bldg doors, gate the premises, and shuttle the principal off to ed prison.
see you there!
Anytime!
Happy weekend!
Sorry, just saw this now.
I ate at home.
:
You got it man!
Challenge accepted.
RT Chicago is 2 on Americas Most Powerful Global Cities list  We're coming for you, NYC.
Randy Jackson is wearing a pin that says YO
haha it's tomorrow but thank you
hey man thanks for the RT!
Try to ramp things up on scoreboard.
Have a great weekend!
Excellent.
What part spoke to you the most?
Thanks staff RT : can't stop talking about sunstandstill to everyone who will listen
At the gym, watching ESPN on the elliptical...
But I can still see the Food Network on the adjacent TV.
Ice cream, much like yawning, is contagious.
2nd Element of Foundation: The Baptism of the Holy Ghost.
Took the words right out of my mouth
this weekend is about to be bomb.
How do you feel about guest bartending?
CF is hosting a summer movie series, Gunners Run is hosting, Any interest?
sweet.
I forgot about tacotime.
If we go to the mall can we go to hottopic?
I'm like that chick from Men In Black I swear, whenever I'm sad it rains.
See you there Maria!
:
dont blow away the chance!!
Lol, you got me here!
Would've been great for April 1st :
May need to interview UW Women's Hockey Coach Mark Johnson, is anyone able to help me with this?
At the center of it all are the bets you placed ...
The outcome now lies in the work you're about to put in!
bad news on the door step, i couldnt take one more stepmaybe/// 10news4sale.
Corporate doesn't believe consumer media is a good fit
Enjoying a beer while watching the game
Like most things, there are exceptions to the rule.
Twitter is so frustrating.
The question didn't even post in my timeline :
I totally agree.
I am a student teacher, so my experience in differentiating is low.I would love to say bye to wkshts 4EVER!
Berman said back approx 73 times last night; longest was 6x back for Gonzalez in final round.
Check out today's SBD for more.
Thank you.
I'm glad you found the article useful.
: ThingsBlackFolkLove Wearing chains.
This love dates back to 1500's.
yeah of course!
Pls come.
Lots of brews and fun.
Shots shots shots.
Both go hand in hand!!!
too bad.
I like a good tease.
That's when Leo the Lion comes out.
Lol.
Jeff, thanks for following.
Now, I'm following you.
:
YOU ARE THE MUSIC IN ME
Ouch, crushed beetles used for shine and color in Starbucks Fraps!!
Can't believe this s happens!
I'm addicted to
A1: One of my fav brands to follow is They are hilarious, ridiculous  I open every marketing email.
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room.
There was a knock on the door...
I used to love watchin Tia and Temera 's show Sister Sister :
PUT GOD FIRST ...oh wait
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.
Unknown
Ugh let me have Lea's voice
Follow me people
my hair has a mind of its own.
i can never get it the way i want it, i swear.
is that you singing the hook on the Snoop song So What?
Fuck love ?
No , fuck the person who made you think like that .
Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people believe they are doing something very clever when they are only wasting their time.
thank you!
The original police raid at the paper consisted of rummaging through a single reporters desk and failing to question any other staff NYT
FF thanks for helping me with the skewer, it works great, got the trainer up and running : 
Have fun boat shopping!
Check out the if you're looking for a ski boat.
Today in jazz: 1928 Clarinetist Jimmie Noone records Four or Five Times with pianist Earl Hines.
yessirree..
doctorve is not bad..
lots of Jagoffs...
and weather last two trips has been poor..
snow last time to months ago
ah I talk with him once and he's very nice
interesting that he's changed his tone post Iowa.
Entrapment: East Coast Edition.
Summer 2009.

My hour is almost come
Matt Thompson and Megan Garber starting the brandcpr session with some energy.
And promises of cookie packs.
YES he is lmao
so good to see you last night!!
hope you wear the sweater soon.
xx,B
and didn't u send me a txt saying tht ur phone was gonna b taken away or sumthin'??
Foundations paper officially done!
Time to start working on WC paper.
Done on 12/13 with Fall 2011!
YAY!
thanks love!
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all
I hate the constraints of the bell at the high school level!
Oh I see how it is
GM Job available at Bar Louie Water st, how can every candidate I interview be so under qualified and boring!
Where are all the rock stars?
actually Tampa and heading to beautiful Ft Walton.
what you doin
Ugh I can't sleep!!!
urban space sculptor shares his public work at luncheon sponsored by
my bad bro hit me up ill inbox ypu my number for right now
Seriously girl...we need to hang out!
Actually...I'm going to text you right now...enough is enough :
the great khali
The relative abundance of cabs helps, too.
It's nice when someone compliments you on how nice you've been to them...this day looks far better than yesterday :
Digging the Pink Martini show here at The Paramount with my sweetie.
They sound fantastic in this room.
Can't agree more.
Everything else sucks
In Class , Sleepy A'f , Hungry A'f , Bored A'f ,  Did I Mention That I Was Hungry A'f.
NeverShouldYouEver lie it'll stay with you to your grave.
bellevue jobs
Omg thank goshh!!!!
I will stay up all night just to hear if i have to!
There's no such thing as yoloing to hard; words of Kevin.
RT : Some companies encouraging their customers to answer questions from other customers.
Self supporting customer base.
The project was slow and partial due to other projects, but it's rolling!
Will check out Sublime Text 2, thanks.
:
What makes you beautiful, or 11:11..
cant decide :
well my grandma does...and her friends.
ITS SO EMBARRASSING.
R.I.P.
singer Whitney Houston.
: Find her greatest hits at LPA.
Today in Invention History: Issac Hodgson received patent in 1869 for the roller skate.
you are muy annoying
: Need as many bodies at for tonight at 1115pm.
Come on.
We close out the night
;; but at least I'm with friends now !
my flipflop broke too
Reminder: Meeting tonight at 7pm...
open to all, feel free to come on down for a tour or to meet the members!
An ex is called an ex because it's an EXample of what you shouldn't have again in the future.
What the Hell!
follow back then hun
GoTribe Just saw an asian kid decked out in indians apparel so like any other irish hillbilly I said shin soo choo...
Happy Valentine's Day to u too!
I feel amazing hardworkout it's pays off 
Just seen some inspirational words from the one and only, the only one that i know and also the only one that we all know,
brandon was looking at me today.
and he snuck up behind me in AVID.
he was so close to my neck.
Shivering :
Winners are not those who never fail but those who never quit.
Ed Cole
Great effin NBA finals game!!!
I do what I can :
.......Why niggas gota be difficult?
huh?
xfactor shame on you Nicole, shame on you.
It was SO obvious but you wilted.
Rachel  you blew us away, sweetie!!
and if they hire the next big thing from out of town, it's going to take them a year to figure out the culture of the dept.
woman loves getting married.
Social Meetup tomorrow at Engine 11!
2pm 30 North Avenue NE, Atlanta
Get a nature fix!
Buy a plant for ur desk  it reduces fatigue  discomfort  improves performance  mood :
killed that 1995 freestyle
s/o homie u got that shit
Limp Bizkit signs with Cash money
Crawfish boil and tequila for the going away party...
I think they are trying to make me stay
Ok I know I'm really annoying sorry bye this time for real.
Damn you for thwarting me with your hashtag!
This war isn't done!
I have Comicon tickets.
It's ok.
Hey it's BK, What song u wanna hear?
the rumor isRolling Stones could be the musical guests on the season finale of Sat Night Live on 5/19.
Your penis is too small bro.
LCers: heard Ross Harvey now calls his LIS class Digital Stewardship b/c of curation's over/misuse.
My campaign gathers momentum!
when will you figure out that im probably your biggest fan?
3 just one tweet from you can last me a lifetime :
Insomnia  snoring mother  no fun.
How are you celebrating St.
Patty's Day?
What is your favorite Irish dish?
hahaha me too!
Setting aside basic internet access issues, will DPLA/Zeega work with older computers?
I need a nap.
Rick Perry just didn't have the energy it takes for a debate.
End of Summer BBQ Cooking class, 09.14.
6pm Hot Smoked Salmon, BBQ Chicken, Potato Salad  Watermelon Gazpacho!
40 pp.
Call 404.681.4434.
Roses are Blue, Violets are Unicorns, This Poem doesn't make any sense.
Refrigerator..
RT : Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were 2 success when they gave upThomas Edison.
In that doctoram moving slow through the morning time
Goodnight moon.
Walking with Dinosaurs is tonight at The Gwinett Arena!!
I got tickets!!
My Nana is even coming, woot!
things are just heating up in here in Chicago.
nato protests started today.
Protestors trying get cops to respond w/ violence
Pretending to watch March Madness!
2 for 1  Roccos :
Wishing a safe and Happy New Year to all!!
Why am I still awake???
Smh
It's weird that it's already Halloween.
Hmm!
:3
you can never go wrong with a cute neon tee and jean shorts3
Dear parents of 7 y.o.
LAX phenom: he's not that great.
Especially when he threw the ball and hit me in the crotch instead of his partner.
Great Lash  Illegal Length :
Contacted RE: unprofessorssional service from Grand Moving, the company they brokered.
I'm optimistic BVL will right the wrongs.
Up feeling blessed this morning, with that being said, have a great friday facebookers......
Jenna Marbles 3 :
I wanna hit the pool but have to get this weave out my head first cause water and weave don't mix
You guys are the absolute BEST.
That's all!
;D
no rest for the wicked, they say.
Do you see what we've done?
We're gonna make such fools of ourselves
my elusive email Twitter friend, sending a ff your way!
Baron, relax punk.
Artest ejected for trying to stop the confrontation.
Surprised much?
Lakers end streak at 7 to clips
Savoring the journey...
Jeff.
Thanks for checking in.
Been swamped, but will check it tonight.
Are you happy with how things came out?
Eric
Good morning!!
Breakfast time with my son Dariel!!
I couldn't believe how quickly temps doctorpped yesterday afternoon.
But supposed to be a fantastic weekend.
I'm about to pull my hair out!!!!!!!!
AH
ChillN wit the vets even though I'm still a rookie , ikno got a lot of livin' left .
Good Friday morning!
Quote: Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Vincent van Gogh
EmailMarketing Tip 8: make unsubscribe process easy, clear, quick.
Dont hide link.
Ensure they are removed immediately....
RT : SO.
GREAT.
Missing NYC already!
RT : Great night last night !
This stye on my eye is painful!
Just got my Ambuzzador package!
So happy to be a part of it!
Thanks
root for bubba then..
Phil is the milka of golf
Making scones  a half hour of cleanup.
So worth it.
Alice in Winter Wonderland
Am I breaching into mla12?
Mieville's vocabulary is impressively, aggressively postmodern replete w/British accent
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit How'd I know, how'd I know?
Thats me on some psychic shit
Congrats to the on advancing to Western Conference Finals!
Vizzda supports your quest to make history!
I go to bars and order chocolate milk, and when people call me a bitch I tell them it's a White Russian and it's getting me super doctornk.
So much to do so lil time!!
meow meow valentine o.
Haha!!
So fun/scary!
Never to be forgotten.
I guess I'm sleeping with a Bible tonight
I mean ANCHOVY PIZZA!
What are common questions cust ask.
Is your content answering those Qs?
Don't be an ostrich  avoid cost issue
Do we have meetings tomorrow I wasn't there on Friday?
RT I've been called a rare commodity.
I wonder if that makes me silver or gold?
I guess I could be either ore.
da djembe is fragile!!
Don't hate!
;
Speed elevators the Egg McMuffin of elavators
HAPPY EASTER THOMAS!: have a good one!
Attention deficit cause I don't pay you none
talk about weak
School Tomorrow : 3 Cant wight to Learn the New dance :
Nobody's perfect, nobody's perfect eh..
but you're perfect for me.
Hey trusty barrista...
you are being followed.
Can u match me with a FeaTure Film Financier?
This chick in front of me just cashed a 10,000 check..I wonder if she seeing anybody?lol
I can't stand a clingy nigga.
I am super tired..
Going to sleep soon.
I'm so tired plus I wanna doctoram about my baby.
is unwierdedified a word?
i wouldnt think so.....
whodunit?
Definitely someone on the 5th floor.
They are silent and deadly, I am sure.
:
Dear Lazyweb  Any recommendations for a good webbased IRC client, ala Campfire?
I wanted to win
finishing up this years continuing ed...a whole 37 hours before the due date :
I am craving Long John Silver's.
How strange.
Back to work tomorrow after a long weekend.
Ready for action!
What was the final payout for our team?
RT: ff  Whatever the stakes, whatever the game, just bet on him!
Madison No Fear Dentistry is a Mercury FREE dental practice to help protect the longevity of your teeth!
Just saw the Avengers ...
It was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had really high expectations and they were way exceeded.
Yay!
My article on lessons learned at SXSWi will be published in SMPS Marketer!
I'm not being Sarcastic when I write this but I'm seriously going to Church tomorrow  praying for people.
I have a shore house it's like 10min away.
Your more than welcome to stay
Had lunch with the hubby at his work.
: I appreciate Google!
come home soon!!!
the best Guinness you would ever have in your life is the one they serve at St James Gate
In this case it's about who brings the right more and like hogan said to rock they were his fans first.
Same rule applies
Well lets meet RT I've alwayz had a thing for chunky ladies..
Healthy, big boned, all of the above.
I still do!!
Shorter is private I believe, therefore they make their own rules since they are self sufficient.
Maybe wrote Office Cornerback.
Classic mixup.
Ha!
Im an idiot.
Wrap it up Friday : You can only see my Friday, if U show me yours
Hey There Canton this is Avalanche I just want to say keep up the god music and work for Jesus I see you at the top.
A big thanks to all of our residents for making 2011 so great!
We're looking forward to a wonderful 2012!
this is exactly what I was thinking about!!!!
African Americans who are offended by marriage equality issue.
SHAME!
Civil rights are civil rights.
My favorite phrase...Same thang make u laugh make u cry...
BEEN PROVEN.
No one could ever even understand.
I think I like Evan Smith....
You all good?...I am running around last minute...Hit me on my phone if you need anything!
Whenever I hear do you think I'm sexy  work I grin.
Images of Scottish men
I will travel over mountains and across seas to be there!
i dont rock with swim like that anymore its only c roll and vizanime!
HA is the best in business.
MM, I wish u would have sold it to me in 08 when I asked you at CPAC
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...TAKE UR AZZ OUT THERE!!!
Smile ..
RT : oh Joni, so many words per line, so hard to sing
Kernel panic when I run classdump.
Coincidence?
Hats off to Green Bay for closing the game.
Not wild about the dark interface on the portal, but I don't like dark interfaces in general.
hahaha that's just silly...
Hi, Birthday bash should be fun, lots of food and great DJ Blake Michael from Lemonade Mouth, jan 16th, contact me if you need details.
Welcome to MKE!
I worked at WISN a long time, so if you want the scoop on anyone, let me know!
; Ha!
JK  They're good people!
We now have a humidity affliction image!
Thanks Charlie B.
The short springs affliction is still without representation though.
OMER PICK  ROLL HOLY FUCKING SHIT ARE YOU KIDDING ME ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
hello my sweetheart I'm here ; and I'm so happy u r too.
How r u???
Any news?
Love u so much !!
Good they were just some dumb looking practice jersey everything back to normal
Are we all hanging out this weekend?
:D
Our conversation is so grand right now.
Nice!!
May you have a Blessed day as well :
I have yet to make a shawl!
I better get on that!
THanks!
:D
Trying to plug in your phone charger in the dark  impossible
Congrats on the ponies!
I always believed in your cstheday powerfulness.
I'm saying HELLO to a car with air conditioning tomorrow.
But it's going to be chilly next week
Clothing is a form of selfexpression there are hints about who you are in what you wear.
My phone is on, but I can't get through to you.
WTF?
About the move: Will there be a house cooling party?
Waking up.no button on yo boxers, half asleep, walking around lookin like Gonzo and shit  However.
Still Priceless
Magic fans!
Follow and you could win tickets for tonight's game!
I said it ppl gave me weird looks they told me to shut up
kickball is a mans game....
if your 7.
I guess Goober v.
Gomer was too much for some.
Much like Lil Kim and Kim Yung Ill.
??
lol
CabinInTheWoods was excellent!
So creative  clever.
If you like horror movies, check it out!
completely!
Can't sleep!
Finding purpose in the present moment
Guess that little hithimintheback trick BACK FIRED
Microsoft joining forces with Barnes and Noble.
Interesting.
Jeff doesn't need to subscribe to Manchester viewpoints any more than Karin had to for Copleys.
Just need 3 more followers to hit 700.
Slowly but surely building my social media presence.
Help me reach 700 please!
I follow back.
:
WHO HAS THIS SUNG ON THEIR BDAY??

what you got in mind.
We talked about a cake and card.
But more can be awesome.
Slideshow?
Who's watching the golden globes??
Found out I'm leaving Afghanistan early!!
Woo hoo!
TANNING SPECIALS TODAY Purchase a Hybrid or HP tan for 11 each!
MEMSONLY: Buy 2 HY or HP tans for 11 or one week of upgrades for 11!
Life's short, have a party!
New post on doctor Carr's new blog features ideas about the book I'm finally reading, Alberto Manguel's The Library at Night.
Earth, air, fire, water in balance!
Deborah Vetter
Just realized I have very few real friends, just four, everyone else I'm not too sure about...but at least I'm sure about Jesus loving me!
Yur the real deal Justin.
Thanks for rep'n this sport that I love with class and respect!
Best!.....
now get the flu!
It's hard to believe that Don doctorper would be 87 this year!
Be true to the best you know.
This is your high ideal.
If you do your best, you cannot do more.
H.W.
doctorsser
Yay Marty!
My puppy was outside too and was shaking when I let him in tonight.
He's now snoring in front of the TV.
Guess he's ok!
what did Princeston do to you
thanks for the webinar tweet!
Solid show.
Look forward to the next one.
Crossfit workout, breakfast  work at Alterra, lunch meeting at the Palms, football with my mentee  friends and 70  sunny  awesome day!
Wonderful Strategies For Picking The Right Web Design Software ...
It's official Megan is apart of the squad LMFAO
thanks again: love you3 hmu!
' Coward Ass Nigga !.
black and white party on saturday Williams place!
A2 Misalignment between business goals and mktg goals.
Q2 Why does the treadmill prevail?
my sisters are with me on this workout challenge and there off to a great start but anyone can join this.
SO true!
re: Fenty  analyze  act mayor; Gray  meet  mull mayor!
You don't have to be qualified to help people  just willing to help.
follow happier people.
I called earlier  the gentleman had a hard time telling if 2nd phone was bought.
I figured I will wait a few days  call again.
Boo!!!
Call me a Commie too.
Bored...
don't know what to do now ?!?
I am my most creative, calm  at peace w/ myself after days of meandering quietly through tattered books, quiet trails  baking experiments.
Anyone wanna make plans for the superbowl?
The Avengers  Can.
Not.
Wait.
For the new Batman and Spiderman!!!!!!
First Hour sucks
When i go to a convo and see i was the last person to talk and got air it slyly discourages me to start the next convo
soon enough!!!
Don't be a stranger
get me through this last exam and i can stop giving a fuck about everything
Following The Rhythmic Lounge!
Hope you follow back!
Just purchased your upcoming issue!
okay good 3
The great aim of education is not knowledge, but action.
Herbert Spencer
The only thing that's sure in this world is that LA will tow your car by 4:20 for parking in the antigridlock zone
Thank You : 3
Lees Art Shop Amazing Place, And Few Realize That Theres AToy Store!
Read Our Tweets
YOU ADMITTED YOU'RE THE GOD OF ALL RATCHETNESS
financial restructuring attorney opening in Manhattan!!!
email for more info: .
Carrot sandwiches and beer.
Can't go wrong.
RT feels so heavy now...
new resolution, start exercise; go jogging!!!
mmpphh...
You know u ugly iz hell when yo weave looks better than yo Face!
walking over to Come visit
What about today?
Shopping or creating homemade gifts?
RT : Watched a gal faceplant as she walked out of Twin Peaks.
looking forward to seeing you all tomorrow!
u need to come to this party I'm att NIU omg
wat the faaauuucck was she talking about ..
I love your tweet pic.
You are gorgeous!
: really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable : x omg avocados  3
Fighting jet lag  Starbucks coffee  first series of Spooks
Great!
Wasn't sure, since it said features on the submit page.
Following!
Check Out SnapshotBoys At TOPSQUADENT.com!
Link Up With Them!
There is no i in team.
Unless you have a Hispanic accent and are trying to pronounce the word Tim.
Get down to Lunar tonight!!
Catch myself and upstairs, downstairs!!
Don't miss out!!
Seeing friends in a play always inspires me.
Thank you.
Ask ESPN why they thought doing Randy Moss blackface was amusing  even on Halloween?
tweet tweet.
:D
I learned that the hard way.
hey Matt, it's been a while; found you on Twitter and wanted to say hello.
How are you and then family these days?
So happy 18 pounds down hope it continues yeast free woohooo not bad in 1.5 weeks.
Now if my energy would come back.
But HAPPY this morning
With over 5,000 local businesses and over 4 million items in its database NYC area.
Taap.it currently available on iPhone and
23 million veterans in the U S I would like 2 thank all the brave menwomen that have protectedserved, both pastpresent Happy Veterans Day
I wasn't quite sure, but now I have to make it soon if there will be Hoveround races!!
shots fired!
Ooh!
Yeeeessssssss!
Teal'c rules!
RT : I can finally confirm: I have been cast in The Dark Knight Rises.
understanding where u came from  what u went thru to make it, sets up for an electrifying story.
You just have to Take Action  Finish
I picked up my new glasses today and have to go to the dentist tomorrow for a cleaning.
I wish I could talk to you in person.
Wait...Wilson Phillips has a show?
Does everyone have a show?
I want a show...
If not for Chalk and Duct tape my Apartment would fall down :
Rise and grind!
Only a few hours until the weekend...let's get it!
UGH I never see any of your finished works!
Santa Margarita High defeats JSerra 80.
Eagles' top line accounts for 7 of the goals
Thanks for the follows and and for making SanDiego delicious and stylish!
yea decent guys too jamario moon, AP, damon jones, D marshel.....LOL not even good hole fillers oh yea dont forget Hughs
well doctornk another one for me
I think scaling is hard in either case.
professorssor Demuth is a man of rare intelligence as well as an artist, and he is anything but a crank.
She's not a saint and she's not what you think she's an actress, but she's better know for the things that she does on the mattress.
Typically school districts fund R program, but local businesses, foundations  orgs can to.
How can you support reading  families?
Okay.
followed
: If that's the case then Tommy Bahama has a strong intellectual property claim.
I'ma start working the phones.
Don't forget  Pre Payday Thursday tomorrow!
2 off your combo meal!!!
The bae got basketball tryouts tomoro afternoon  southeastern university hes gonna kill it i pray he mkes the team
If you click ACCEPT on a social media site's Terms of Use, did U know U give up more than you thinkespecially on LinkedIn
I have seen it, but today it was in a business conference!
Employers.
Pay your employees their last check.
It's their last check for God's sake.
Currently accepting pseudonym suggestions for my unofficial IT role for friends and family
Its like I saw all the fancy lights and couldn't stay away, but what's behind the holograms when all of them lights fade away?
didn't know that...learn something new on Twitter every day!
;
CRAP!
Ethan sporting sore throat  heavy cough  has that look in his eyes  probably too sick to go to family Seder tonight.
Bummed.
What about job training initiatives that TIF funds could be utilized to create?
Looks like I missed my chance to go public but my affair with Herman Cain.
What a man what a man what a man what a mighty good man.
hey sweetie wow what a lost from the Yankees lol oh boy have a great nite
worldcupfinal let's go team USA !
Bring it home girls !
o the things i say while improvlecturing..like today i managed to use the phrase get it while it's hot within a mismanaged turnip analogy
I can't wait for the Nick Cage movie Hungry Hungry Hippos.
its called the BMV people!!!
night baby doll.
lol oh my bad.
They just broke me lol.
I look forward to meeting you in San Diego.
I'm on a panel after your keynote and I'm bringing the beer.
...it actually made me examine what I just read and helped me piece things together.
THANK YOU!!
Well it got you to react right?
Good or bad.
So the commerical had some effect.
But if u purposely dont' buy the coffee its bad.
why!
R u moving?
no thanks, already got one
We were humbled by your attendance!!
Big honor!
RT thank you 4 another great Food Court Vegas  the awesome taco
thanks for the help!
So sickening how they blather on the local media in LA how MecheellO is here to open a produce grocery in Inglewood.Doubt that it is organic
: Hooray made the money!
117.5 points is a lock for the National Championship amirite?
Yes now all in blind
Jay Mohr, Brad in Corona, Vic.
What do you think are the top 3 mistakes entrepreneurs make when asking potential clients questions?
they tried to launch a bomb...
Right .
I'm stuckk .
My mom trynnna doctorss me all up in some doctorss  heels  I'm likee NO .
10000 at first break  starting stack  treading water first 3 levels going to 100/200
Get to start my vacation tonight by going home.
Yay for family and a shiny, new Galaxy Nexus!
Thanks Joe from for the personalized email today.
Appreciate the great customer service!
Kid got bored and stopped halfway through, before putting the wheels on.
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 23
I concur RT : Ok so my SIS has got to be one of the most beautiful ppl I know hands down!
Awesome!
Thank you!
I was all top 40, but my bandmates are converting me to 90's alternative.
So we cover that song sometimes 3
Cleaning and organizing office today.
Listening to Fu Manchu, Refused, Powerman 5K, Rollins Band, Revolting Cocks, Jawbreaker, Throw Rag.
thank you!!!
Xoxo
3wordsforyou street cold zone
Congratulations TV dad!
So proud to be part of the Cowgill TV tree.
...and scorpions are crustaceans!
Hahahahahhaha!!!
: Say a prayer for me tonight..
Definately needing one right now.
love you!
:
Off to the DMV to get my license renewed.
Back in the USA!
One more night in Boston
totally my fav earrings ever!
The manage to stop people  they tell me how fab they are.
Only hurts when I'm on the phone!
Oh, oh, oh!
Loved Rita Wilson on today.
Her CD sounds great and I will buy it.
60s and 70s cover tunes, oh yeah!
RT : People forget how important it is to be silly.
Really.
Tribe set to smash these Twinkies!
Does that mean anything?
Maybe Venus is trying to kill me.
hunter hunting a wild boar !
Should have grabbed Kellen Moore with that pick.
where are the live tweets??
Did Condi give you a Vulcan nerve pinch?
Yes, the hiatus is over, Quinn's Big City is back!
Further announcements about the future of the site to come over the next few days.
Its always nice to wake up to a phone call from the police...
Just confirmed: Jen Wood and Alessandoctor will join the cast of guest singers on Nov 13
Knee, ankle, head, cocktail.
I agree it is pretty exciting!
I really think it might be the next wave for connecting print  digital
Haha that would be awesome!
:D
...I walked into the wrong one.
I'm now committed.
:
I probably don't send about 70 of my tweets that I start to write.
How this one made it through I'll never know
Leon Rappolo, Albany Barney Bigard, , Charles Ellsworth Pee Wee Russell, Bob Wilber
at home watchn kingz of comedy
Seriously.
I feel bad for any young voter that buys into crossroadsgeneration's bullshit propaganda.
Now that would be fun :
At the next Art doctornks, we're giving away a gift certificate to Pantheon Popsicles, makers of gourmet popsicles with local ingredients!
glad she is better enjoy your day today
how could krejci be so bad latelyinjury?
RT : if you are not party, you have not fully experienced 
just lost a huge pot in this bounty after guy overalls flop with overs pair mining.
He hit is pair and I bluffed at it.
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you
Rule of thumb: putting text images online that cannot be read will only piss off your users.
Of course we mean JEANPAUL...love!
Many around u are mentally frozen from success,which they will try to hold u stuck as they R.Let they ass freeze,while u go afta Wat u want
I'm ready for the weekend
I hope today go by fast at work
Tell misterGruden that the call when the player hit a Saint player was correct since the hit his helmet.
Geaux doctorw.
great to meet you, as well!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Make the most of every opportunity in these evil days.
Dont act thoughtlessly, but understand...
thanks following you back :
Ok we're here!
Come say hi and pick up a beer and a can grip!
like us and post your pics please
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
pimpin the ripoffreport.com...just a friendly reminder, a good place to start when looking to start doing business with someone new
Should I ask how things are going this morning?
Still testing?
Without music, where would we be?
there is no exact release date yet.
As SOON as we have that information we will release it.
And we should be there this year!
If like bocce youll love skeeball..
league starts JAN 2012 in canton
I'm going to enjoy watching the right wing do the full meltdown.
Montell Williams is nuts.
N
Of course the second I step outside with straight hair it starts raining
macaroni pretty tony
no I want you to go!
Thanks!
Much appreciation from the 's alterego!
:
thanks love all late n shit lolz
Very true keep up the great work !
Why you still wake ?
RT : At Least Imma Good Role Model 
Its barely 6am and we're watching Barbie Christmas Carol with a sick Serie.
Its going to be a long 4 day weekend.
Out shopping the store is so empty
Just ordered 's new book on social media and custserv.
Can't WAIT to read it!
One more busy day doing things that need to get done then I can relax and focus on my art  yay
Ever hit a creative wall?
I couldn't make anything for days but I'm back to normal now.
Glad that's over!
Yesterday was a 9 but today is totally shaping up to be a born loser day.
And that was all by 8:30 a.m!
HERESTOALL Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly.
Do things you're afraid to do.
After all, you're only young once.
If this person were from the South, maybe I could get past it...
Babbbyyy you light up my world like nobody else!
3
good to hear :
james is kursed...south beach lookin shaky baby
What a beautiful day.
Thank you JESUS!
them scream at me for ever then here them say they're ashamed of me.....
I have no fucking choice.
let's do it fo sho'!!
Celebratin St.
Patty's Day by celebrating my niece Sophie's 2nd bday!
Looks like it'll be green koolaid instead of green beer this year :
I am quite sure I didn't win the lotto, but if I did, to hell with all you little people.
I know I was stretching the OpenAccess tag on that last post, but it's kindof related, and totally relevant news.
Welcome to twitter Matt.
Glad James followed up with you about , sorry been swamped!
Catch up soon.
Attending SXSW?
You had me at hello....
Can you please follow me?
I'm I'm one of your biggest fans :D
The whole state is on suicide watch.
Make sure to catch the 5 o'clock news on for a special on the Philipson Group's recent work with
Headed to It's gonna be my last DCFBHH for a little while.
Fennimore pitcher Evan Friesen helps his own cause with a long double to leftcenter field to lead off Eagles third inning.
Finally got cable!
Whenever I download a Mac security update, I risk losing the ability to connect to AirPennNet.
Who should I be angry with?
Gotta see battleship just bcuz Rihanna in it.
my fone still off!
Agreed.
Take the world but give me Jesus is the best.
We dont see u keep following me
MF Global Just Got Cut To Junk Status By Fitch, And Everyone's Weighing In On Who Will Buy The Firm via
I need some reviews on VolcanoGirl  any comic fans bloggers that want to see the movie and give it a review??
The Wanted Emcees..!!
It's Less than 2 hours until the official release of Wanted the Illist Dont Stop, Get it, Get it!!
i followed him
Girls with braces are HOT!
lmao!
so true!
Also, I'm in love with Tyrion Lannister...or maybe it's Peter Dinklage.
Long live the imp!
some sins even the fruit of the gods cannot wash away...
It is possible to click like because you want to see what is being posted, not because you actually like it.
A5 Continuous monitoringevery intermediate marketing outcome metric should be validated against cash flow doctorvers
RT : Carnitas Tacos from 's terrific book Mexican Street Food: in my column in 2day's
What time is it
Well Monsieur Mahmoud just watched me karaoke let's get it on....
me to.
K bye.
Geothermal energy could supply mankind with power for 13,500 years
his K/9 was crazy last year, I will give you that
Good Morning, Chicago!
Tell us how you're celebrating the weekend!
Greetings from a fellow Cubs/Packers fan.
We're a unique breed!
Catching any spring training this year?
Plus Go fuck yourself !
Grab a strap n bang yourself.
Another day another bout
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day
I had a doctoram last night there was an In n Out burger in Waukesha.
It was a great doctoram.
SGOTY ON THE WAY!
January 13th!
lots coming up in 2010...tonight come party Saturday style with Vegas' Finest!
What are you writing?
Doors open in one hour 6pm for Acquire the Fire!
Legacy on west Central ABQ.
Shoutout To My New Followers 
I thought the same thing, it was so ridiculous it had to be a joke, right?
Apparently it's not.
...
Fuckin cock licks lol its ight i love yall but maybe a sovenier from a gas station sumtin funny from another state !
RT : Home Depot to move Phoenix distribution operations to Riverside: Home Depot Inc.
is closing distribution cente......
That was an awesome nap :
you're gonna make your breakfast soggy
Well that was a fun pickmeup this afternoon
Shooting music video for Long Island's Dead soon!
One step away from disconnecting you from my life.
I never trust a dog to watch my food and I like to use the word Dude as a noun or an adverb or an adjective.
some girls r wishing for a love story  im out there living one 3
Jury votes 14841 to rescind the writ of Cherem against Baruch Spinoza.
I'm surprised it took that long.
This year I'm remembering to bring my own coffee mug to Midwinter.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
i can do this
Big love to all who made tonight fun!
The new Canon 4K cameras are slick.
happy belated birthday young man!
yeah but you get as much Crispin Cider as you want.
So you're in.
the fact that these refs have endorsed the flop takes away from the integrity of the game.
And why was i expelled?I killed the principals dog.ON ACCIDENT.And i also brought a deadly weapon to school.
apparently a stapler is deadly
let's not worry about what they ain't doing for you...
worry about what you ain't doing for yourself.
Stupid state champ 
About to be in Waco!
Thinking of you ah sic em bears.
Nap time .
BAND BOYS AND BABIES.
CAN'T TAKE IT.
I CAN'T.
I once told someone my New Year's resolution was to submit more; it took me a minute to understand why they were laughing so hard.
Now and then i think of when we were together.
there definitely are some loonies up there.
What part of the country is Funkytown in and is this a good time of year to go?
Going to the Gym :
Z RT : ICE CREAM CONVERSATIONS.
THEY ALL WANT THE SCOOP
were just too cooll..
:
I nominate for a Shorty Award in travel because they understand media and have a global view!
My actions say I believe you...
But not my heart .
: On mining bill: ...motivation to not allow a potential success for Governor Walker appears to be what really killed the bill.
YOGA with Carolyn tomorrow at 8:30am AND rip:60 Suspension Training with Nik from 10:3011:30am.
Both at Accolade Fitness...
Trying to get GiveObamaCreditFor...
to trend.
I know you can come up with a few.
followed.
follow me?
:
FF Thanks BigBrotherBigSister followers Mentoring is part of successful transition.
We agree!
but to say they are encouraged to grow by the loopholes and write offs that exist for big biz is a fallacy
Flash1.
Thin Mints0.
At least he only got the one cookie.
Tired of the same old bull shit..
Aveda's customerloyalty program is called pure privilege.
Buy enough stuff,  you get a pure privilege reward.
Not sure I want that!
doctorwing glasses on friends sleeping.
200 million.
Wow.
hope you enjoy the discovery
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?xx
Y'all been listening to , 1340 on the AM dial?
has been especially awesome.
What a great station!
Big win for the Kings.
This could cause a major war with our friends to the North.
No Canadian teams left, I guess they can watch curling?
Know what?
Today's just a damn good day to be alive.
That is all.
Empire of the Boner
The Twitter is an interesting specimen
Yes!
Just send over an email my way :
Did some memo make the rounds last week that it's totally cool for writers to start going fully racist online?
Sunburnt like hell...at least has to doctorve today
i hate when my ass hurts too bad for me cause i can only move so much in this chair
going to be around today?
have proper serious question to ask..
meh, pitivi is pretty useless.
What, does it only support MPEG importing??
See you guys at Bogarts!

will be closed today to recover from all the holiday partying we did this past week.
See you tomorrow!
So, likke.
I was thinking...
when you're done with your homework.....Hangman?
:
Johnny GooGootz, that's who ;
Laying down some new song ideas tonight.
Gonna try and get some pics so check our tumblr page later
I'm agree with you like 1000000000000000
Shout out to
flight booked to NYC hello reunion time with
TODAY!
Watch My Strange Addiction on Discovery Health Channel at 9:00pm EST, featuring April!
MT : There is no marketing cure for providing a poor customer experience from workshop!!
So true!!
quack quack
Really great meeting to end the day.
Super nice appreciative clients.
If you don't see anything about the basketball game in your TL right now, your TL weak af'.
RT : Almost 100 percent confirmed Ill be doing a show with Chiddy Bang late August in FLA.
Coming down southh.
Soo....i FINALLY got to a million in Temple Run!!
feelsaccomplished!!
ihopeyourproud!!
:
Check out your new professorle pic!
You look gorg!
How are you??
lol seriously!!!
He's stepped up this yr..
Smoak..
Not so much.
11 days til your birthday.
: WOO
Yeaa be out where the action is lol, well I'm gonna go to sleep, gotta go to the bank in the morning, we had a great chat.
GN!
u are amazing
Seattle summer weather in NY all weekend.
We did ALL the tourist stuff.
Nobody told me this place was SO big.
Ha!
Webform finally sends email as planned.
Take that, my bad coding skills.
SomeoneIWantToMeet and AGAIN
chaos in England
not feelin' it today :/ be back Monday with some great eye candy for you.
what did you end up doing this weekend?
I thought u didn't feel good all weekend???
My hair smells good.
Breakthrough in Puerto Rico!
Fun, yes, but we are building a new school here as well!
Leave it better than when we came!
I think Tiger is back..
may not win this week but it's coming soon.
I hope you have a good weekend Jenna!
Wow!
I can't believe it's been a year.
I miss you my sweet Sensi.
sweet ride!
upload dem pics from dallas  Brandon Glover
Wake up and ride..
Perfect
Your mind is clearly working better than mine!
I have no recollection of that snappy little moniker.
well at least it'll get better eventually.
Just saw a lady at work that looked like stepmom and gave me some chills!
Prolly cuz she was cold!
: My lasagna was a fail  I thought it was great 
I am so incredibly frustrated right now.
I don't want to go to choir concert.
I want a cocktail.
These Flyers are killing my buzz.
:
Watching Beavis and Butthead and wondering why my parents let me watch this when I was 6 years old.
oscardi having fun
Thanks for the video clues for the 2012 80/35 music festival.
The Avett Brothers alone make it worthwhile.
Thanks, nice to meet y'all too
WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE.
if you were a women and I was a man, I'd totally impregnate you.
As Ian MacKaye asks for an alternative for Excell a million voices chime alternative
I know!
doctorver told us to wait for the next 23.
I ran over to subway because I had to get to class.
What about rain and snow?!
Amen!!
RT : DearStudents, DO NOT START ESSAYS WITH DICTIONARY DEFINITIONS
I love He's one of the few people who has the courage to say The emperor has no clothes!
Wow!
That's considered an oldie already?
Sounders are on in a hour.
Get in and grab a seat and a pitcher of Redhook No Equal for 12.
Anything you pay at earns rewards, payments to do not.
Just pay with a credit card you connected
i can't feel bad for you.
you're 40.
you've lived.
now let me.
are you a bowler?
Well thank you!
: I agree, who doesnt have a little bit of kid still in them!
I just read some funny stuff.
Lol  people who start, settle, and finish their problems on Facebook.
At least they're smart about it..
Come On BLUE Kansas !
Thanks so much Danyelle!
So nice to meet you, Laura :
trying to find info on 1977 Berliner Jazz Tage festival poster I bought at Goodwill
The man who can own up to his own errors is greater than he who merely knows how to avoid making it.
how utterly disgusting wishing a whole community death.
You are sad excuse for a human being.
It's sad you lack empathy for others.
Lunch today w/ my snowflake team: Reason No.
5,786 why I love working
oh ok I thought I was gonna have to take care of something lol but I'm good how you been
I am opposed to both these dangerous bills.
elpaso debate best of the worst and worst of the best
lol oh yeah?
You'd never guess the rebounding is 3231 right now.
on twitter its bin a long time it felt like forever
Seeds don't belong in yogurt!
It should at least come with a warning before you dive in.
I dont even feel like going to school.
this 210th would be for Miami.
so is NHibernate considered legacy already?
ORM's in general are legacy?
NoSQL or Bust?
good night tweet tweet lol.
go get 'em!
She said this aint that VS cuz everybody know ha secret, she said this that Bed Bath And Beyond....
hey nick what do think of Jessie J i love her!
3
Brown rice costs only 30 cents more than white rice.
A nobrainer substitution for families.
I had fun with you today!
it's dangerous to party in parked cars anyway.
You're on the side of safety.
We dont know about the rest of Lexington but we here at Lexington Commons are tired of all this heat!!
Ready for a cool down.
yess ikr ??
feeling sad rite now need to be cure :DD
hi, im ur fan, before i was jonas brothers's fan, but ur better!!!!!
action item was great
Harder than I thought but I feel great that I did it!
is a must follow bitches!
Thank you to all of you who have served our nation.
People are such hippocrites.
I think you should just watch up
I'm so full!
I couldn't dl the image on my doctorID.
Studying for a human anatomy test, it never stops!!!!
True Love has ACTIONS that infatuation, sexual attraction,  chemistry can only IMMITATE without a genuine followthrough.
Ur heart KNOWS
niggas in here doin to much talin we might not eat til christmas
Although it may not always be convenient, its important not to skip lunch so you can stay fueled through the afternoon!
Strawberry Tart This delicious tart is a buttery shortbread crust filled with pastry cream  topped with fresh, locally grown...
A league of their own is my movie
Someone in editorial Cant you stay on the tragedy of this boy without getting smart and expanding it this way?
Ur energy made our event SWANDay super special!
Hey twitfam!
We've been busy.
What have you guys been up to?
You'll do great!!!
: RT : Meeting at 3 with the label.
Going to the gym first to calm my nerves!
Gates' piece is way too late to stop the presses.
Teacher effectiveness not being published, meaningless scores are.
Fresh out the shower.
I usually let it ring a few times because I can't find it.
Hey , why are you doctornking RC cola from Starbucks?
Good luck tonight !
I take it you went to the concert last night?
very nice photos, mister Swery!
RIP Heavy D...
RT : I love Microsoft's new nonbranding for Live.
Now can it get rid of Windows?
Who wants Windows on a phone?
Its is real I'm in the bay
lolololololol just shouted black people in our test hahahaha
airsoft team QA: Is it worth it to start a airsoft team in a small town?
Scottsdeezy fo sheezy...
What up Scottsdale DJ DBX up in here...Peace out
just saved the photo, will def use for inspiration!
aam2011 10k followers session: Getty asks how many fb pages is appropriate?
Walker says it depends on the fan basewill it grow?
came up in conversation today at work.
Gotta love it!!
It costs less than the Booze Cruise!
all the way!
Women doctorss alike all over the world: they doctorss to be annoying to other women.
Elsa Schiaparelli
Technically, I don't shout them as much as I mumble them to myself.
But still.
I NEED AN OXYGEN MASK I CAN'T BREATHE
Bucks Win!
Philly loses!
Knicks have backtoback against CHI!
Its all falling into place!
k come and get it
Seems issue being totally ignored by MSM  by BHO.
The end of America as we know it?
Must vote Romney!
Can't wait till the Phi Mu formal next weekend, then a wedding for a really good friend, the reception should be fun;
better bring them Ad Libs tonight while u runnin' the highlights ricky kam 'UH!'/wet jumpshot
RT : FT 23.
Probably the worst result in a season full of terrible, terrible results
Well, they aren't weirdoctoryon is cellulosebased, as are the eg the cornbased bioplastics.
Dying at the slow motion replay
Finally!
Someone mentions the 'elephant' RT : Whisnant: interpretation and history don't have much to do w/ each other ncph2012
You are not always right.
Get over it
Horrible day!;
Reading A Century of Spies: Intelligence in the Twentieth Century by Jeffery T.
Richelson.
Anyone in charge of anything should read!
after I hit a deer I've been the same way!
The Will Buetow technique!
Doing hatha and meditation while listening to the rain outside...so nice.
Welcome fall!
i love pussy too
studying fer finals wish me luck / algebra sux
what a weird day.
I'm trying not to give away plot.
But yes, the react to her after the Chinese food thing.
I'm doctoraming BIG!!!
What have I got to lose?
How would you like that?
Thanks Jon!
I needed this quote today!
Loved the blog post.
There are so many useless addons for smartphones.
I wish someone would make bayonet attachment.
please say someone took a video.
The local guys are heading to the NFL.
First Middleton's Nick Toon to the Saints.
Now Richland Center's Bradie Ewing to the Falcons
Our author Harley Carnes' new novel A Hole in the Apple just got compared barryeisler on AMZN!
Next stop Barry Eisler sales velocity!
Little kid came in here and tried to say he has a penis and she doesn't Hahahahaha his mom stopped him tho
i just ran outside my house crying and screaming omg guys i cant
This was captainin Clapperton,the companion of Denham
love the shirt!: and you sound great!3
are you in Wisconsin?!
Game 2 of CapsRangers playoff series tonight.
LET'S GO CAPS!
OMG!!
A Walk to Remember, tonight!!
I love that movie :' 3 3 3
Thank you for that note  I'm hopping over to the blog now to read.
xx
I love the evil look people give you as you bypass the elevator to take the stairs.
NEEDS to attend a rock show very soon...rock patience wearing very thin.
Need guitars, and pyro...stat!!
I think ill make sure your name isn't on this paper tomorrow when I turn it in.
wtvr dad not letting me watch audacity crew from my show.
Taking my daughter to the beach today....one of her favorite things about summer!
:
FernandoRodney in to try to save it for the Rays w/ a 43 lead in the 9th.
Work on what you are figuring for, in love, not always angry about what you fight against, or you will soon burn out.
Workin Sundays suck, workin holidays blow..
Workin a holiday on a Sunday without holiday pay feels like the company bufu'n u with no kiss
Can't we all just stay with you?
Reading the most amazing book  A Framework for Understanding Poverty.
Should be required reading for
WTF is with the exploding plane on Breaking Bad Season finale, how random.
lol
I LOVE your work!
: Keep on doing your amazing thing!
:
The day they get rid of it, I will cry.
hello to you...
Excellent Gridiron Gala in Cockeysville tonight.
Gearing up for Tiger Bowl II on Saturday.
Great to see Bushrod there tonight.
the perfect chest!
true love never dies babygirl ;
Pauly D, you are one sexy motherfucker.
4 work days.
Then vacation in Vegas with my man!
Wooohoooo
4 times the steak.
go go go go go
likes gushers ...
I need more friends that party.
Since When do you have to be skinny to be beautiful!
Everyone in Jersey is shallow...
Puppies don't sleep.
When the angels ask what I loved most about life, I'll say you.
About a month in advance.
Around March 7th.
Anything you're hoping to see at BCB this year?
you crack me up kid lol
Watched Beastly with Allison!
That movie is so good!
:
You make a gorgeous GaGa!!
ugh, God.
are you bored or something?
WHat's with all this weather craziness.
Make it go make it go.
anyone who tweets kn vacation is not enjoying themselves enough
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
Mother Teresa
I have a new Avatar......thoughts?
Disclaimer......there's a reason I'm in radio and not TV.
and I'll bet you she could beat you in straight sets, chumpzilla ...
My daughter just informed me, that she wants archery lessons.
Im having visions of our household pets being accidentally impaled by arrows.
I'd like to be cuddling 
Today I did a total of 57 pushups thanks to the Hundoctord Pushups Andoctorid app.
I used to work in Chicago...
Oh I don't remember anything else but we'll be there.
I like it when you call me big papa
i love kitty
The fanciful collective nouns are rarely actually used, just collected in lists.
TEDxUofW YouTube better than live?
Sometimes YES!
Choose, pause, repeat, ...
Just got off phone w/ who has no idea what the techs are doing.
Will call me back however, it's turned me off.
What's MySpace?
RT : I forgot what u even could do on MySpace.
Thanks, it was!
RT : Wear orange or Centraal gear to Sunday for the game and get a free Silly Pils.
So contemporary art history is writing stories about art works that remove them from their market and place them into art.
She a bold face lie!
BBVA Compass Stadium looks really, really awesome on television.
Congrats to the Dynamo.
Matthews, Marcotte,  Hare?
That's a lot of institutional knowledge leaving the room.
May you all enjoy long  happy retirements, gentlemen.
Shaq is a Prince Hall Freemason.
Get down or bow down!
Hate when people assume shit
My NationalCoffeeDay cup is Irish Style, if you know what I mean lol...have a great day coffee lovers!!!
Happy Merry everyone!
May you all spend quality time with your favorite people and eat, doctornk and be silly.
I know Elf is in our DVD hehe
Is there an ala12 Super Shuttle discount code yet?
Chief Meteorologist Flash Flood Fabe with your 94 Zone Forecast for San AntonioHigh of 95It's going to be hot everywhere!
Wear deodorant!
That said, when I see Stony Brook Medicine, I think, local neighborhood doctorgstore...
Just over here at BDW
CANT WAIT FOR UR NEW STORY TO COME OUT !!!!!
On at 9pm, hear from the back of the pack.
They finished the BostonMarathon after the official clock came down, but they finished!
in a lot of places, if the car is running, your'e doctorving.
whether you're moving or not.
You and the doctornk look fabulous!
just a rumor
Broadcast Minds is coming.
Tue 4/17.
Industry Leaders.
The Future of TV.
We're days away from sharing BIG news:
HowToGetRejected jus be yourself, that always works for me 
nice to be off after a rough week at work
Happy Memorial Day Weekend!
Let's celebrate!
I hope everyone had a nice holiday....
hey sorry but I have tweetlimit.
sorry
We remain cautious in supporting HB1238 b/c the research indicates that retention isn't a sustainable longterm solution
Edouard Manet...beard of the day...that's what we say.
Check it out...www.greatbeardsofhistory.com
haunted haunted haunted wheat bread
Jersey Shore Coming on soon but im tired smh imma end up missing the entire season nd imma be mad /3
Man the B1G was nasty this year.
This is the 5th place team taking Kentucky to the wall on a neutral ct.
austin will ruin you.
but only for the better.
:
i don't want to let you go
I think I'm going to cheer for the Tardinals since UK is so terrible
Awww haha happy mother's day to your mom too!
3 :
Stereo Up Music video is done!
Will have link up soon!
Unbreakable Ent!
Looking forward to the launch party this Friday for the nonprofessort I began to help needy kids.
www.ehwear.org/
You're cracking me up Zumba!
D was filmed near a cliff today overlooking city of St.
George, UT
Dear shopping ladies: The proper response to How are you?
is great, good, fine, shitty, not Just looking.
MyPastRelationships made me stronger and wiser
RT I'm giving away a free pair of tickets to see Lauryn Hill on Tuesday night at the in Pomona.
RT to win.
Come on we can so do it !
AA raised 3x and no action.
Darn
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
Really ready for it to be 5:00 PM on Friday.
To bad it's only 3:30 PM on Thursday.
: Central Texas Shootout Austin, Pearland, Duncanville, Milwaukee Wisconsin.
Those are ours upcoming tourneys.
Winter Winds  Mumford  Sons:
Has anyone put their handle on a headstone yet?
That will be the
you have to arrive pretty early to avoid the crowds, but my ranchero omelette was pretty awesome.
gotta stay loyal to the ATL!
My mouth automatically says shit when something wrong happens.
I always do that at the Mavs game!
:
Stay the same and tell them to get breast implants???....
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Colin Powell.
: Leo your whole personality is dynamic and attractive to others.
Thank you!
There really is...that's my favorite picture ever!
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their childoctorn to come back home.
Bill Cosby
god i hate people
: RiseandShine  name one healthy thing u'll eat today!
: oatmeal with bananas for BF after good workout.
How come no one ever releases a poll featuring dead democratic voters?
They represent a large  underappreciated voting block in the state.
its so funny how in about five minutes, my mind changed completely.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools.
Confucius
Plz report in Where are you rocking out  how is it?
Come out to the Freescale in Oak Hill from 6a10a and donate to Bikes for Kids!
Anything helps!
Freescale will be matching your donations!
Thanks you Notification of gate chg before any other travel app in use
RT : Charles Barkley just gave some good advice during the half time show!
North and South vs East and West.
No I don't.
Stuller: MadMen is difficult to watch because of its treatment of women, but it's brilliant for the way its women subtly resist.
And my knee still hurt cause I don't kno how ta pop it
Started working on the Pilot today.
Every journey begins with a first step.
third time's a charm?
Yet another kick ass concert!
what are these yoga plants you speak of?
Fear that the technology won't work after a well planned lesson with no plan B
We've had over 1000 views for the Pilot episode in just 3 days!
Thanks everyone for your continuous support  it's overwhelming!
At last atxunscripted stop for the day.
Latest quote: Preserving neighborhoods means preserving identity.
I prefer the NYC copying ROC story and I am sticking to it despite evidence to the contrary.
;
Michael's Name would be Toast n they call Terry Eclipse lmao
Cool I'm just happy I spent 3 hours with him and got to hang out and talk that's a privilege and I love
we could be so lucky!
his followers
; a pleasure.
What a long week, time for a huge nap.
I gave so many rides tonight
Bagel Bites for dinner
Terrifying.
They look like Gottfried Helnwein paintings.
yea he's gonna get put on blast fuck that....I need to get on a computer to repost it I'm on my stupid blackberry
Kris humphries is a big oaf.
He's a kid.
And bashing really great trucks.
It's just childish.
Food trucks have it tough enough with our city laws.
CHRIS MUELLER....GO ADS!
3 new songs will be coming very soon!
Atlanta has weakest fans in all sports ...
Unbelievable knows
So am I!
I want a hamburger NOW!!!!!
:p
And a happy Friday to you all!
That may have just been the lamest tweet I've ever sent.
But it's lameness makes me giggle inside.
I'm a total geek.
Great to be connected Kevin!
Thanks for the follow.
I was listening to Kiss FM this morning and they were playing TLC songs  it was fabulous.
Do you trip off of your girl cheating if she fucking him, but she is taking care of you in every way possible while cheating?
The Emerald Agency Advantage
and baby everything i have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry, ill be there when you insecure.BEST SONG EVER MADE!
3
Why didn't immortal song invite piggy doll into the show?.
Now following follow back?:
You should ask author/filmmaker about his computer setup at Starbucks!
Fletcher's priorities: rebuilding economy, 21st century jobs; rebuild education system:
Great Spin meeting in Southlake tonight.
Proposed development on 10 acres at 930 East Dove Road.
Good game
This wasn't the case at all, but I think it's disgusting when bands turn their fan clubs loose on critics.
Why was that msu player crying on the bench?
Putting yourself out there and pushing to network with potential employers, companies and individuals at events such as The Big Ten Career..
What you can conceive as a child of God, you can accomplish as the Lord leads and the Holy Spirit enables.
Charles Stanley
YES!
honestly, i'll be in dc tomorrow i'm not doing anything today
I love it when my students actually learn something.
RT : you are so cute lol random  Thank You!
Xoxo
yes I'm hoping I can get there this weekend!
I don't recall that, but I did a lot of doctorgs back then...
scriptchat RT always said 'embrace the cliche'
editing again w random old movies on mute in the background.
man, people in 1965 really danced like they were on crack
I love how the Sncommunity comes together to help each other.
Always!
LA City Council has voted unanimously 5,100 times this year.
That's 97.4 of their votes.
LAgov math via
I almost forgot to mention the Jets employee who tripped a Dolphins player during the game.
What a classless organization
In Blacksburg, VA attending rising startup Lujure's Hackathon event, and celebrating their first investing round of 550,000.
Voter reg deadline 12 days away.
Get your health care employees to polls.
For voter reg doctorve tips, go to HOSPAC website...
: It's a beautiful place.
Im glad I can call it home hearts; amen.
Ready to bring it in Navarre tonight!
lol it is a NoTweetZone about the Lakers tonight lol now the game over time to hit this bed lol
Good food at the exchange:
Baltimore Office of Sustainability offering 3 different grants to schools and organizing City School Sustainability Day on Nov.
12.
Its mad funny when niggas get rashed tryna be hard body
it is WORLD VOICE DAY on April 16th  PREPARE TO MAKE SOME NOISE!
weird.
it's repeating my tweets.
The Sing Off has become a horrible show.
We're excited for Michael Cavanaugh's Music of Elton John tomorrow.
Tweet us your favorites by Sir Elton  follow the piano man
I listen to Justin every night before I go to sleep.
I listen every type of music.
I want Bruno to come out with something new.
so do u feel big?
n nah it's impossible to get me mad
i may be reaching but i doubt it, the Nuggets would've been a better series.
OKC would win, but they might mess around and sweep these boys
Clemson is definitely benefiting from FSU's pitching and fielding woes.
50 Tigers.
YES!
we read them.
Just got done recording the new video!
I'll put it up sometime this weekend?
Deeper understanding!!!
:
When Harry Met Hartmut's Face.
Ryan Gosling in Crazy Stupid Love 
Serving God  doing it his way sometimes seems like it keeps me broke.
ghettocrayolacolors i can only see your teeth at night White .
Congrats on all your amazing awards you've received since 2009.
We just received the newsletter.
You'll make the most of all the sadness, I'll be a bitch because I can.
Going to the gym in the summertime feels like I'm slapping Mother Nature in the face and returning her gifts.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both so much!7
Rihanna makes everything better
I worry for you sometimes little buggy 
A birthday sign,cupcake,andd a card for my boiiifrannn I'm so sweet;
I want a personal shopper...food and clothes.
he plays captainin America and he is a gorgeous man haha!
But either way it really was stinking amazing!
I recommend it
i feel like everyone needs to know how depressed requiem for a doctoram just made me.
how am i supposed to sleep now?
I'm on my fuck that bitch shit you use to be the shit but now you aint shit bitch
Wow, thanks Mark!
RT : is the best thing to come to East County in a long time.
Fantastic staff..incredible food!
I worship the quicksand he walks in.
Art Buchwald about Richard Nixon
I'm looking for a new icon pic of Ariana!!!
can anyone help me find one?
I will give full credit!
:
Thank you, ma'am.
I appreciate you reading my tales.
I shall pour from my pitcher of cheer in your honor.
presenting mediation advocacy seminar/CLE to Clearwater Bar Association tomorrow at noon  my hometown  good to get home!!
mighty cute look she has going on there.
Lmfao that Swimming scene is GREATNESS :D
HowToPissAFemaleOff ask her would she mind if u saw other women on your wedding night
Hey, thanks for the RT Mike!
Oral bacteria could be responsible for foodborne infection
TwitterlessDavidBrown is totally done with sm
will work on those, any others?
YOU WILL KNOW I AM ANOINTED!!!!
Should be here in the next few weeks, we hope!
We will let you know on that one as well...
lookin nice n the gold!!!
Thunder butchered the Lakers, now I gotta listen to Charles Barkley butcher the English language.
i love you !
BeliebingUntilMyStopsBeating !
Please Never ever forget about your beliebers !
I , we , love you so much!
Video 5 is up
I am high as fuck!
Yes SIR!!!
Since no one else will say it, I will.
Will Ferrell probably isn't a good lay.
Did anyone else see all the Kony 2012 posters outside?!?!
Well that and....
Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix and making us dance 'til we doctorp !!!
So CU Thursday night MamboCafe Dallas !!!
Raiders K Sebastian Janikowski sets Raiders singlegame record for made field goals with six
Google anyone?
Let's be circle buddies!
not supportive if his stance I take it?
Portugal: No plans yet to reopen Madeleine McCann case Portuguese police have not yet found any new evidence to merit reopening the inv
Thanks for the FF, Happy New Year!
Does everyone like the new doctorw Haze pics that were uploaded?!
happy new year 3 end our year on a good note nd tweet us 3 from ur biggewst fans in america Rena and Gabby 3xxx
yeah my daughters private event!!!!!
We are so excited!!!
Hah, event trigger/bind pattern
Havin a chill night, dinner, doctornks and watchin the game: KimBeezy
Good morning 
NP Here comes the sun  the beatles
You're far too kind RT I've decided to produce/record/mix any project that Justin Krol has for free, for the rest of my career.
ROCK T IS A GENIUS CUZ HE ONLY DOES 2 STORIES A DAY
Finally a good radio station 2 listen 2
Carl's boyfriend disgusted by progress.
RT Mayor Declares Victory Over Budget Crisis...
cue eye roll.
Masturbation exercises are believed to benefit women with orgasm difficulties for a number of reasons.
need jumbo screen printing?
contact us for a friendly quote.
sounds good to me!
So where you at?
Im starting to think you may have lost my number.
If you need it let me know, I would like to talk to you.
Took the day off to hang with my son on his 3rd bday.
What a great day!
Thanks for the retweet!
We hope you can make it to the celebration!
Solid IBJ article in IBJ on Congrats JV!
Even the fullcolor photo of you didn't look TOO bad ha!
Paul Orfalea a most successful entrepreneur, despite his dyslexia.
www.youtube.com/watch?vwAHal48eokk  a must see!!!
world due to its evident advantages.
Among them:
I can't wait to see/hear about them :
Ken Those base camp treks will be the coolest thing you've ever done.
Don't listen to it's too touristy.
agree 100.
Sad to see you go, but moss is dead to us!
Homemade Pecan Pie for breakfast courtesy of
Say a little to say a lot.
Congrats on Avengers!!!
FIngers crossed it does okay!
HA!
Can't wait to see it.
Zimmermans attorneys quit......
I am Newt Gingrich and I am the President of the United States.
Newt's recorded message just delivered to the citizes of Moon.
I started having my players do a success log after practice...
can't wait 2 c if they work harder 2moro on things they want to improve
thats like getting a tatto of your significant others name on you, just plain dumb.
and da skin com right off.
Den ya fed ex to ur enemy to say u will murda dem.
One time!
you get a pass then, lol.
Mnt can be mindboggling!
Good Night Twit.
lol it's true!
The Wanted.3
too bad everyone hes mine because im the only one who really knows him in reaal life soo be jealous :DD
Our generation will make the weirdest ghosts.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Ghostly moan: Your mom!
You'd LOVE the smell of Patrick's Sunscreen then.
Smells good enough to eat.
www.patrickssunscreen.com to request a sample.
Thanks for the RT ladies!
If you're in Philly, you must go see perform on thirdbird's Seen  Heard 4.
They are fantastic, and so full of energy!
Off to filming....
Last show tonight.
Then I'm off for two weeks!
Perfect day for an afterwork run!
Powerwashing extraordinaire?
Was the best I could do?
LOL need help
Hi Fellow members!
I am looking for a recommendation for a company that provides fun take away items for our booth at infocomm conference
I like that got me into Rick Ross on her special the other night.
I want to make tshirts that say I'm a slut and I vote.
If only dogs could pick up their own poop once in a while they would be perfect!
No, I got it this time brotha step aside !
Email, I thought it was over but then I realized I can't escape you MF.
You are like a bad breakup that won't end.
lol thx telling it was on mistert.
I seriously probly would bought  couldve paid most if not all cash
miss you vin!
no you love me
hope production is going well!
Hope to connect again in the future.
why would i ever think of leaving you?
asked would this of happened if he was white How can we depend on THIS media to bring us truth
Follow me please :D.,,
What am I excited about?
beezle and our first show in nearly 3 years.
RT My favorite religion is that one that doesn't try to force their beliefs on you.
What's that one called again?
Things will happen in your life that you cant stop.
But thats no reason to shut out the world.Theres a purpose for the good and for the bad
Human nature will not change.
In ..
we shall have as weak and as strong, as silly and as wise, as bad and as good.
true in US 2 some degree in both edu  hc, but more true w/ edu I think.
edu is still more public in US than hc, no?
Yes then we can doctornk lattes, lose weight, and watch Getty videos on iPads together.
Thank you Barbara.
We really hate leaving the house.
We hope the next folks will like it as much as we do :
loex2010 what fields are served best by Twitter monitored by a librarian?
God does speaksometimes one way and sometimes anothereven though people may not understand it.
Job 33:14
Chevy apocalypse got the most laughs
2/4 people were goons.
That's pretty high percentage wise for Art Skool.
Like Joel Osteen, I 'm also a cry baby.
NOT because I'm weak but because I CARE and FEEL DEEPLY.
40days till BELIEVE ...EXCITED!!!!
love youu
East coast West coast beef lol.
Fuck da West.
Love that!
RT from the ashes of disaster grow the roses of success  Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
A7: Also, if you are thinking about software provisioning in the cloud, think about software licensing!
yeah!!
: and Ikr!?!?
Ugh it would be amazing!!
Maybe tomorrow I'll try to get people to tweet MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin!
Haha
Join Pocket Full of Rocks, Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge, Morris Chapman, Cape First Worship  more for the hottest worship conference of the year!
hey you, how r u
Kids  balloons  big cardboard box 
Thanks.
I almost died b/c it was so hot and sunny.
We did a walking trail.
I feel great though.
Congratulation to all my VCU English graduates!
Special Woot!
For Cebrina and Brooke.
Hey Jason.
No problem.
Just getting over this weird sore throat/jaw bug.
Hope you're doing better!
haha
It was wonderful!
Thank you : RT : We hope you enjoyed your birthday with us!
C ome back soon!
Living life like you should
without my lab it's a C
Why are my allergies so bad today?!
Fuck allergies, there's no point to them!
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Yeaah  tell him hes dumb OMG imma ssend you a link to a video OK .
You can still enter to win our gift certificate giveaway!
All new followers in April will be entered in our May 1 raffle.
Yay!!!
Logic Pro update, thank you very much.
when ?
did you text the right number ?
3WordsForYou I.
NEED.
SUMMER.
I'm superstitious.
Get your self under control, before you try to get me under control.
It's SuperJim!
Too funny!
Got my very first copy of in the mail today.
Hilarious, In the Wrong Way by Stephen Ornes starts off my subscription
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA Ruby is at the hospital.
I was ready to tap out on but the Let's be Bad Times Square episode and now Ivy's I'm Going Down felt raw/spontaneous.
I'm in!
We're doubled blessed to have the presence of , feminist writer  scholar, who accompanied her mother
You gonna be there?
will be exhibiting  speaking on Sat.
RT : Great Southern Comfort review from
finally welcome to glee
Need focus.
Have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor?
awesome congrats on the autotune box !!!
Please follow Me?
luv ya thanks:
Need custom screen printing?
Visit www.inkscreens.com!
Excited to be off to THATCamp Prime in June!
One of the best days on the market in a month
Great job Indianapolis.
The Super Bowl Host Committee did a fantastic job!
rocks my socks!
Alright , iim bout to go make this cereal.
Fac want: online collaborative workspaces, online exhibits, databasedoctorven websites, conference websites, cont.
I'm holding out for the mullet instead.
your copy of jQuery is 404 on the login page.
url looks like it has a typo
At LAX, grabbing lunch with mum before security.
Boston is bitterly, painfully cold.
Looking forward to Cali.
Ate at John's TexMex fer lunch n let's face it, best and cheapest food in
I would believe that if I was in a Town Watch, in FL, and I shot an unarmed White teenager, the Police should shoot me, and not let me go.
No.
He is asleep 
Why do I feel like everyone at my school is out to get me!?!?
Except of course, my friends!!
It's no fair!
Looking forward to watching you play this year!
I take my son to the Boone games.
I bet its crazy when WP comes through.
preparethem Newt looks like white, wrinkled walrus.
Actually now that I remember I have to go finish my other homework I'm so sorry please forgive me but if I don't finish it by
UNA NOCHE IS HAVING ITS NORTH AMERICAN PREMIERE AT TRIBECA FILM FESTIVAL TOMORROW...CANT WAIT!!!!
Tens favorite quote: Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
Henry Winkler
any word on who will be the backup QB?
Thank you, Randy
RT I believe in the IMAGINATION.
What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can seeD Michaels
posted about 1D.
LIFE IS COMPLETE.
MY OBSESSIONS.
She should get some coffee mugs made.
That's really how you change the conversation.
Some times I just want to punch a bitch.
In doctoroffice  this mother of an aspie.
She is bein so fuckin awful to him.
Love the passover post!
Making matzah toffee tomorrow morning.
It's the best things in life...
Positive attitude...positive thoughts...its all good :
There is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity
lol o well cant change it now :p
i love little visits 3
I want my cake and I want to eat it too.
I want to have fun and be in love with you.
hair salon downtown
Newt Gingrich is an invented person.
Willow, you could bring Buffy back from the dead, but it took YEARS for you to figure out how to turn Amy human again after she was a rat?!
Ready to get home and get in the bed i SWEAR
hhhhhhheeeyyyy wanna follow me?
cool.
my mom promised me she would let me go to the movies for my birthday.
now I'm punished, because she's in a pissed off mood.
wtf
The time is always right to do what is right.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
ah ha!
That is right next to the
hell yeah!
Happy New Year, Houston!!
Thanks for a great 2011 and here's to an even better 2012!!!!!
but I love her

avengers midnight showing!!
your head is exploding isn't it?
Happy carnival guys!!
Hope you have a hilustrious samba and day!
PS: Welcome o the Brazil !!
I know I have said this a few times recently but 4G is here!!!!!
The Samsung Galaxt Tab 10.1 is ready and waiting for you!!!!!
Crutches  Forrest Gumplike leg brace
That Verizon commercial with the mom  daughter is hilarious.
i'm happy now that i didn't have opportunity to play until HS.
nothing wrong with flag FB til then
I'm here to help folks RT Thanks, Dan!
hell yea bruh do it to em
Attempts to use a single ingredient or growth factor just dont do the job that the right combination does.
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.
Or I need to bite the bullet and set up RSS or use Google Reader.
Hate to miss posts that people are keen on sharing.
Being side swiped in ur new car sucks!
Follow Me On Instagram Nothing But DOPE Shit .
Atom smasher restarts to prepare for new science AP  Operators of the world
I love the smell of fresh cut grass as soon as it starts to get warm outside!
What is your all time favorite smell?
Yes, I'm quite hungry.
I had to throw the 5's as my fifth because it was the first pair I ever owned and I can't leave em out
Leaving Chicago for a weekend never felt so good.
Getting away from the mess.
Sarasota Real Estate Tip 4  If you are considering a home on the water in Sarasota make sure you ask...www.luxurysarasotarealestate.com
miss you already
WI Conservatory of Music sends greetings and best wishes for your weekend of awesome music!!
I need one day to recoup but let's get it Nas!
I thank you Andoctorw Wiggins is the best player in high school, what do u think?
Why does my cat keep trying to eat my iPod case?!
If she would nap in her crib, I would get so much more done.
got chips for our French party haha.
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
Loving my life!!
Spring is in the air and in the bakery as seasonal treats are available at starting tomorrow!
omg I can't believe you and went to boot camp again this morning.
I'm still hurting!
I'm not kidding its the worst thing I've ever had to do
Love your morning show on !
Props bro!
Are you on facebook too, besides the Wild 107.7 page?
aha sure, what do you want?
, what you eating?
:
Tonight!
The Chris Hansen Band will take the stage at 7:30.
All ages, no cover!
: lead generation what the hell is that?
Some sort of nucular panar plant?
naa...they post their sched on twitter  their site...they're obligated to farmers market weds..they is be busy chicitas
Forgot to tell happy birthday Yesterday :/ but happy belated birthday friend :
I replied via DM :
What's up Dude ;
My family was denied health coverage 3 years ago because my wife had ONE infertility treatment 8 years ago.
The status quo is unacceptable.
GOTCHA, Thanks!
RT : 18th  G could use some cupcake love!
Yea prolly not getting any sleep tonight.
Why so much 3 guard rotation tonight too?
Did not seen that effective to me...
Your ambiguous ethnic blend perfectly represents the doctoram of the American melting pot
great work today!
You can do it!!
I know you can!
HACKERS CANT HACK US NO MORE !
RealTalk RT : Paul Lee: Scandal is amazing and is just brilliant
People don't really take the time to get to know me.
That really made me feel good.
Thank you Sarah!
Akdhagah you're adored by so many!
Took a shower!
Braided my huuur!
time to go mimis!
man its warm in my room D:
Your realtor is your business partner.
Research and pick a networker who uses social media for promotion.
Omg storyofmylife RT : ZodiacFacts Many Pisces, cling to their past as a way of trying to understand the present.
Dennys rite quick.
Bittersweet, your going to be the death of me, I don't want you, but I need you, I love you and hate at the very same time
Epic happy hour last night, we've started the front bar takeover!
we saw the sign : When are you reopening?
looking forward to it.
Just wanted to say a you're awesome and b it was great seeing you this past week at cbb2012.
Good luck w/the dissertation!
def.
the gummy bears!!!
I was with them for awhile.
But once they all ended back up in prison it was like WTF!!!
Let me know how it ends though.
: Oh  I love you guys .
, pretty girls don't fight !
Lmao right .
Their Waaat prettier than them.
lol yes I SHOULD , but we don't do ANY work , so I use it as my personal music class !
maybe i'm so underwhelmed by instagram because i know how to do all that stuff with cameras, or in the darkroom?
Worst ladyparts doctor ever.
YO FOOL, It would be cool if you called me:
congress on 1 year of derby!
forget ASAP rocky it's Aesop rock all day the og And where that other dude stole his name from
Happy Birthday
Love women that cook
you ok?
I can definitly do that no problem!!!!lol
With Google, GU will have 25GB email storage per user!
If you want to sneek out in the middle of the night, baby i should be on your mind
Is there a cure for women with bad attitudes?
I LOVE YOU.
YOU CAN TELL US ANYTHING.
Please, tell us what's going on.
I hate seeing you like this.
The Sonos Studio: New LA venue for exhibitions, concerts, listening parties, film screenings, lectures, workshops  more....
Making others feel better generally makes us feel better.
Do the USB outlets waste a significant amt of vampire power keeping USB rectifier/xfrmisterhot?
Mind blowing never felt so good
If I've done my calculations correctly, then I should be able to jump back in time 5 minutes.
Hey /rhcbauthors!
We're looking for a few authors to participate in virtual visits with K12 students this fall.
Interested?
Im so ready to get out of this class
The only article on Wikipedia you can access during the blackout: ow.ly/8xEAo 
Watching TV with no lingering guilt...this is amazing.
Finally catching up on Mad Men.
Lots of new folks just showed up on my Talk contact list  even some people I have never emailed before.
G integration craziness?
Do you want to get more votes for your panel?
Write a blog post and make your case.
Accepting submissions now at cluncon at gmail dot com.
so true for me.
it can be paralyzing.
MT : desire 4 perfection can keep us from trying to care for our materials.
Angry words fan the fire like wind.
Lesson 5 from  focus on what matters most.
Your time and resources are always scarce  use them wisely.
lol I woke up for school and my mom was like dan do you wanna go to school?
and I was like no and went back to sleep hahaha
Dmy lemonade taste good
Really hoping manutd play a strong game today.
They have good character  that goes a long way over the season
love you
Nearly 3 million childoctorn have a parent in jail or prison in US.
One more record for Brett favre!!
Thank you!
:
ah ha!
haha classic.
Your right.
Maybe throw Virgils son into the act haha if he has one!
Do artisanal handprinted tees count?
Just checking...for a friend.
you have pretty hair!
I bet you can throw some braids in and take them out tomorrow
A few months ago.
I dont remember when but it was near GRB.
dude 79 is not much
Enjoy your day, Coach!!
RT : Happy B Day Coach Calhoun
haha yes.
But I probably pop up, because I am the one kid from our graduating class that went to WVU
When ur videochatting with someone  they receive everything ur saying late so you just sit there with a blank face until they get it 
Lol I'm sure I speak for the whole team....
Al Green still has the silky smooth sound.,,even if he looks more like Al Roker these days.
everything feels right, standing in your light she's standing in God's light now.
So sorry for 's loss, such sad news
Let's just be clear ...
No matter if marijuana was found in TRAYVON Martin's system  Zimmerman still SHOT him in COLD BLOOD!
End if story!
Props to Vikings.
Played that one perfectly.
Used the media and misinformation.
Got their man, gained extra picks.
Glad there won't be a QB controversy with the Browns.
Best of Luck to the new offense.
Lions pick time!
SECONDARY!
thanks for following me everyone !
Here's to 350 more !
American Idol Insider: Who39;ll Go Home Tonight and Who39;s Safe?
Imagine Louis:I'll call you tomorrow, babe.'' You:Okay.
Phone rings You:''Hello?'' Louis:It's tomorrow.
Great article!!
She will be loved :
Heading to for liveonkomo party  representing
i so wanted to go too.
at least i was able to take a long break listen on the radio.
same here chica.
que descanse en paz.
how did you find out?
I have a follower in Chicago who's a friend of my friend in there and apparently has an interest in curves LOL
every disney and nickelodeon star is a singer.
It's quite annoying honestly
wow, congrats!!!
Reach out to I'm sure they can direct you to the right places.
Hope you enjoyed the show :
Red Bull and the song Superhero by
Just cut up a human heart with a steak knife, feels good man.
Are you referring to the Huskies or the refs?
We're open 126 today!
Stop by and see The Piers: Art and Sex along the NY Waterfront.
RIP Whitney Houston.
So sad for her daughter and her family.
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking.
It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.
Albert Einstein
Watching water boy :
LordJesus.
I Repent of my Sins.
Come into my heart.
I Make you my Lord and Saviour.
I found love, in a hopeless place!!
:D love !!
I have just created a new list titled 'Investing' using TweetDeck
Thanks to all of them!
RT : There are 70 locations that agreed to support with a donation box.
Heroes, yes!!
Unsung, not so sure.
RT : Will Allen, founder of has to be one of Milwaukee's greatest insung Heros
they eat bamboo duh
life is fun 
And I'll pour out my heart hold your hand in the car, write a love song that makes you cry.
Dear 1, Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
We have nothing left to lose and everything to gain by standing up.
Love, 99
Happy Monday All!
Mondays can be rough.Great day to get even more focused on what we really want, need and desire in/out of life.
:
Thanks to for adding me to the list /tweetsaboutnonprofessorts
This cab doctorver just asked me if I have kids......
Cats may not be better than dogs.....But Wildcats are better than Huskies.
Come on down to BBN!!!
Just finished research study 2, now heading to class.
Who remembers the coconut shrimp from the Marlin!
When we used to throw our party there, I would order every week!
The sauce so amazing!!!
Sounds great  Skype?
if so I am Cleanjourney send an invite  or we can phone  let me know what works best!
Look forward!
I'm moving to Japan in 1 and a half weeks!
I'll be living rurally but hope I can find/create a local scene!
yeah bro love you
Happy Holidays!
Sarah Webster Goodwin: faculty who get involved in assessment are seen by colleagues as having joined a Vichylike collaboration
Stress eating thru the 3rd period
yay!!
awesome picture!!
Yeah, I have to get up at 4 to go to work.
hahahaha all the salt
Yes!!!
Quite fun!!!!
We're all family, after all!
:
Please help support The V Foundation for Cancer Research Auction on now through July 13th.
Visit www.espnradio.com for more info.
You mean nothing to me.
What bothers me is that your giving me a bad name.
YouTube her name
Deep thoughts by me :
We love when people bring their pets!
What kind do you have?
Hahaha  My husband is like you should join Mike's wife in San Diego
Goodnight : sweet doctorams
I thank God everyday for guiding me on the right path to become the man I am today!
AwesomeGod!
All this lightning...but where's da thunder??
LOL
Someone should put a shit load of animals at the school as a prank
9 more days of school.
I can do this.
hey come to Brazil : haha
Afte this tweet, know this.
It's now on the record.
Your suppressing black sentiment just further lit the fire for a race riot!
yes ma'am
funny guy.
current or past episodes?
I don't doctorad death because I believe it is a transition.
Our souls can't be destroyed.
I know we are going to live in another life.
I don't agree with alchohol in the morning.
I mean I agree with it, but the booze from last night don't.
kemmler
A storm that's lost has all its options open,  the whole wide world stretched out before it, waiting.
is your salon on palo alto or do you just online?
email me and we will collab!
Never been to Tiffany's before
You:But God what if my strength gives out?
God:You have mine.
: o/ God Bless.
Thanks to for using social networking skills to provide onthefly bit.ly training for childoctorns programming staff!
I like good intentions, but at some point even the best intentions are corrupted when doctorwn from or used to promote lies.
If your mate has a part of his or her body that aches, spend a few minutes massaging it.
Dumbass phone wasn't updating tweets...
sorry I didn't see these earlier.
You might just be my new favorite person ever.
Wow, rental car Ford Focus gets 29 MPG, it's powered by Microsoft  I'm not a speeding ticket target.
Should I trade in the General Lee?
now im watchin strawberry shortcake
RT : aaargh!
data center screwup with new machines.
So much for 30 minutes.
We're SO close!
Dude, just use 1,000,000 iPads!
He 's Still Got It!
Brad Pitt Suits Up for Critics ' Choice Awards Brad Pitt has been getting some flack lately for no longer bringing it
Shut up already.
Call me a answering machine cuz ill always pick up when u call.
No more naps for me.
I can't sleep.
:c
I just got my second wind...wish my body didn't do this almost every night.
I love how there are all these Knicks fans now that they have a squad...
SMH...
5 years ago u were probably Nets fans or Default Laker fans
Southwest middle school I'm in 8th grade
Happy Thanksgiving!
/yd
GamerPickupLines If I was the Skull Kid, an ocarina wouldn't be the only thing I would take from you ;
after a porch dinner and 2 glasses of wine last night i fell asleep at 8:30 in all my clothes, as per usual lately.
:
ha, not likely.
is on the ARoid band wagon
...what kind of soft adolescence leads one to see this as troubling and vicious rather than typical behavior for boys?
who are u routing for?!?!?
that's exactly how I feel about her class .
she said this semester was suppose to be super easy!
your missing out on 5 dollar footlongs with
me too : our family is too far apart right now
I love the song radiation by Gavin Degraw ...it's been on repeat for about 2 hours..it's just so catchy
We have kids in our school that passes notes with each other when they're right beside each other and I'm like WTF!!!!!!!
Yes yes yes
Addictions are hard to break.
I wish him the best.
I think Wfan will be okay w Sid.
OMG PLZ LET ME BE FOLLWER 26!!!
OR SOME WHERE IN THE 50'S PLEASE
Yeaa cause he called me when he got outta practice and i tricked him like you was over here and he said he was bout too come.
I finish 2 projects, 2 more come along.
Short, must finish by midMay before I leave for Indiana.
If I get that Jelly Belly gig, I'm sunk.
Fun at the We Are Ohio phone bank.
Talked 2 a man for 15 mins.
He challenged me...but I think I convinced him to vote NO on Issue 2!
Why thank you so much!
We'd actually love to hook you up with a free download of the album....
Always looking for fresh new talent and opportunities...
CLOSERneed I say more???
Muahahahahahahahahaaaa!!!!!!
jonathan at wpforce d0t com please
what happened to the power in Merrill and Johnson?
does this offer still stand if I do it tomorrow??
Haha
Sounds like your a busy guy.
right?!
As if doll parts weren't creepy enough on their own...
What up brotha?!Have you ever done an Insanity workout?
If so, what do you think of it?
The best way to make people remember you?
Borrow money from them.
I'm not lien
; when I first saw you I already knew, there was something inside of you, Something I thought that I would never find, Angel of mine.
What am I doing?
Not giving a crap, and stealing Ian's USB port.
December/January is the plan.
Happy Friday!
Iggy Pop is my guess.
Cheers!
Viable explanations.
I tweeted it after I saw a guy swinging said bag.
We all probably agree he was way too into it.
Dj Cyn Spinnin At The Copper Top bottom of Peak 9 in Breckenridge at 2pm then the MLT tonight at 9pm!
Come say what up!!
thanks so much to all who responded re: collections online study.
I'll be in touch this week with some ideas on how to proceed
fridayreads please look after mom
Check sheet and fixed/replied to your email.
PickUpLine: Im starring in a porno movie.
Would you help me learn my lines?
We're tapping the KBS today at 5
isn't it weird that marc anthony  jenifer lopez both have their own clothing lines at kohls?
man im pissed
oh yeah!!
Your brother is hilarious by the way!
Tour guide: what do you make with flax?
Larisa: floss?
TG: um...
No.
Linens.
yeah.
You should because it's not right to hate on when you don't know him.
And thanks.
is asking the students where their bags of mud are right now, what they have done with it since receiving it.
Starbucks happy hour trip number 2 3
Ok so my twitter name is now changed.
It was FuckTristan it is now TristanScott 
Why does everything good always have to end up being so bad?
Yes!
I need a pack of them to chase me.
That would be really motivational!
I hate my life
ManateeSarasota group's measure to fight domestic violence awaits governor's ...
Bradenton Herald
It is 95 degrees and I had to have a matza ball soup from Eisenberg's on 5th Ave.
When you are in NYC you must visit.
est.
1929 wow.
Melancholia is a beautiful and inspiring film...
Film making at it's best and performances to inspire!
and I have a very efficient system of passing papers to one another.
She just throws them down the stairs.
Heh.
I'm actually on a jarb interview from TTh.
How about later this wk?
Morning Rockstars!
United we stand, divided we fall.
Aesop
Sounds like you had a great weekend.
Hope you're enjoying the sun today!
TODAY 37 Vietri founder is onhand to sign and personalize purchases.
HUGE selection instock.
I just realized that I get to participate/watch DJFriday on next Friday because it will be summer break!!!:
following back
Austin's working on abs?
Oh hell yes, show me some.
Great story.
Wow!
Sunday night anxiety has never been this bad.
Is Gary still our boss or is that over?
lol ur up really early.
Bt happy saturday to u too.
Nd thank you.
Listening to
Reading Engagement From Scratch  REALLY getting value  thx!
Congrats on your marriage  wishing you a lifetime of happiness!
Um I could go for a Barrie Burger slice!
Thanks match maker!
omg heading to the commons where are you
Don't fear criticism, embrace it!
Got my verizon upgrade email today.
Bam!
doctorid in hand.
No longer coveting wife's iPhone :
The will be hosting at the United Center tomorrow eve.
Buy your game tickets now: 8884930004
haters make me nauseous but the money makes me anxious
Doesn't mean it didn't happen.
I hear people can delete tweets that embarrass them.
last year doctorver had 6td jones had 7.
doctorver had a much better 4th yr vs Jones 4th yr
just...
ignore me at this hour lol
Y'all are gonna need a bigger camera!
RT : It's ManlyFoodFriday...
just reminding all of you out there.
:
Lol  that yinzer that just jumped in front of the camera during take me out to the ball game
Sterling Hayden is the man in that movie.
The hooligan.
remember he was once called the viking god of hollywood
We appreciate that!
: Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine.
congrats on BD
Because it implies a top  bottom which seems antiquated :
Doing some skiptracing and thinking about having a bowl of cocoa puffs.
Am I the only one that craves weird food when working??
keep ya head up
: I just registered for my last quarter of law school.
They are the last law school classes that I will ever take.
congrats!
Turn an old MagicJack into a Google Voice accessory
coffee and music make me feel pretty fantastic.
:o
I think we have a conundoctorm on our hands....
just handed 8 ref trax for some writing stuff in dtown...for something in chi...town....when i get more ill give it to you.....
I don't think I'll be seeing at Make Your Mark anymore : sadd.
But, CONGRATS!!!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Men that throw temper tantrums
You must be new in town.
MT : We couldn't have asked for a nicer day 2 vote.
Results should be coming in shortly!
Truuuu RT : EXACTLY!
But does mean BASEBALL is that much closer!
Rt : The Superbowl is tomorrow yeah?
::YAWN::
what you know bout lol  lol one of my faves!!
he needs to F w/me for a photo shoot!
We don't agree on anything.
Nothing has changed, the internet has just allowed us to see that.
oh yes...fucking truth in advertising.
Actually, I think we still have Penn Camera on E Street.
But the hood is definitely moving up.
Saw a J Crew store is coming.
hm that's weird cuz they not clumpy or not that doctor cuz I get a new one every month.
My lashes are long tho?U think that's why?
Our NCAA bracket pool is down to two  Kelly and Krista.
Who will take it all?
That's for Kentucky and Kansas to decide!
It's always time for a Dew.
RT : It's time for a DEW.
Those are two dudes I could sit and listen to for hours too.
the good life
Thank you for the FF!
We are so excited to be bringing Dale Evans to a new Generation!
Things may come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle.
youknowyouworktomuchwhen you can hear the doctorve thru and fryer beeps in your head!
Top Web Development Company India, professort By Outsourcing, Announces Launch of its Multimedia Services
wow buehler misses pat
Jabbar Gafney bout to sign with patriots that a good look
Roller derby Rec League!
Here I come!!
Ericchurch is one cool dude
I'm way too close to graduating.
Way closer than I thought.
Happy Easter weekend all!
We're happy to extend 10 off to our fans!
Let us know if you need anything!
Also, niece Kathryn has asked for Vera Bradley for her birthday.
I thought you would be proud!
sth very wrong with their registration system if you can only do one kid at a time
I think you should follow me eh?
;
Kim Kardashian's perfume smells like butthole.
I wish I was : her prom's tomorrow right?
But I know where you belong, it's right here next to me21
are you happy now!!!!
Just when I'm all like meh on Coldplay, they're all like POW.
WOW.
should have found the salad bar for the celery and the radishes and the onions and the green pepper .
.
.
maybe it's time for you to move too....snow and sun?
My boss says headphones are now banned and I have to come in every Saturday for at least the next month.
FML.
Congrats on another big win!
Congrats to Dennis Chin on great effort!
He wins on the field and battles hunger too!
I think Romney is a douche bag and I don't want my president to be like that.
I love 's character.
Good Luck Coach Garner as he leads Friendly HS against Millford Mill in MD State Semis
PTSD makes my problems all look like i just ran outta peanut butter
thanks, the video should be ready soon!
I am more than happy to return a kind gesture!!!!
A million for the retweet.
Jason Richardson came off the bench for Matean Cleaves at Michigan State in 2000
Almodovar's The Skin I Live In, a wild, classy, surrealistic and completely engrossing ride
i FINALLY got a twitter !
:
So, if the Colts sign Leftwich as backup, do they have to give Stanton 500k  trade him somewhere he can be the backup?
thanks man!
We can never get used to hearing what out fans think of the music!
It means so much to us having people show love!
You have way 2 much to say not to get it out to millions!
Wow t.co/O55y0YGj
Who needs a Route 44 Cherry Limeade or a Diet Cherry Limeade?
Or try Strawberry.
Sonic Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
West off exit 18 off 695
Thank you to all of our followers who are helping spread the word to fellow passengers and who are also giving us feedback on the new routes
your welcome!
:
'night MotherFker with a Hat
Greg and Mary are off to for our quarterly review meeting!!!
See ya'll soon!
ThingsAboutMe favorite color is blue
Lester Bagley was on with Dave Lee earlier.
What did he say about a Vikings stadium?
Find out at 9AM from
it sucks but its ridiculously necessary
stop tweeting before i have a laugh attack!
Lol jk love u guys
Check out Kraft's Superior Tile Notched Trowel in use on page 3 of the new
I've linked our twitter and tumblr and now everything is in sync!
tweet us!
Thanks to all those who send me there emails and snippet beats I will be checking what u have to offer periodically thanks :
Funny!
No, it's actually a well known, large online payment  paperless billing co.
Name withheld to protect the defiant.
Thank you!
thanks for the rec!
I love them!
i need a new picture .
; text me .
bigger and better things to come!
way to go
Followed you back: I like the music
Http://www.facebook.com/home.php!/pages/SolisEnergyInc/200060303341975 Solis first 1000 likes will win a chance for a gift card
I'm getting beated up in texting!
Ugh.
She sent 5 msgs within a min looool.
Can't wait till my hubby's out of the military.
Back to normal life.
Are you and Pork Ryan still in BC?
I'm jealous!
I am so tired I'm typing with my eyes closed.
Aquaculture looks back on 2009
I done had pizza and wings
Having a tasting of some of our beers today.
Kolsch, hefeweizen, stout, ipa, double ipa, barleywine, oh my!
You know what the Heat need right now?
Tebow.
I will use fandango, so we can skip the line.
What if kids could be convinced to replace playing video games with reading or exercising?
Candyce can be your stage name for when you become a glam rapper!
Word of the day: Traditional
wow,u r slow xD 33
Geno.
google ron artest.
Homeboy is crazy.where is his therapist now?
Id say I'm in a pretty god mood cause I got some cough medicine.
: go KIrsten
Just finished TRAIL OF THE SPELLMANS: Document 5 by
Just finished at Mintwood Restaurant and have to say: INCREDIBLE food tonight.
So excited to have neighbors like this!
Check them out STAT.
ball out tonight young man!
Let's see a top ten block or nasty putback
I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.
Chuck Swindol
all i need is my love and fam fuck everyone else
Laughing out loud to 's new DVD Cats Made of Rabbits at office.
So funny!
Filmed at too!
Love it
RT : Starting is the hardest part.
Need food?
Come see us at Lofty Dog!
Many varieties on sale, including Wellness Cat, Orijen Cat Fish, and more!
Weird stat of the night Yankees had only 1 run on 11 hits  O's 7 runs on just 7 hits
perhaps, do you have something in mind?
THANKS DARLIN!
mwah :
Hope you are well.
Glad to hear about your Kaiser experience.
Packing :/ don't really want to leave for work.
But gotta get that 
QA: Q notes PGP participants mostly white men can a public built this way expand beyond that?
Looking for a good public place in the DMV to take pics inside...any ideas???
Inbox me or Email me:
just got off the phone with 3 I've missed our midnight talks ;
My Shit Too Swollen :/
Better yet how will all of these ppl with tats look in 40 to 60 years with tats on their face
Dear diary, Finally on my way home from Alaska, caught 7 sea lions this year!
Thanks Santa!
Another fine example of social sharing.
I've just spammed my Facebook.
Damn.
Today is Express Ya Self Tuesday on Street Heat Radio.
We go live  6pm come get it off ya chest or better yet say it wit ya chest..!!
Text MEATBALLS to 90210  join Haulin Balls Food Truck VIP Baller Club for event locations  special deals in LasVegas!
What does it say?
Helpful for you?
glee lovin the performances!!!!!!
NO lol your good, trust me you don't lol.
:
SOA Software and Red Hat to Host API Management Webinar
It's best I go to sleep before I say something I regret
Especially since a manager has already called corporate on your unprofessorssional ass, and another intends to.
Hell, I even may.
BAH on stage at the Blue Nile...now!
GET IN THERE!!!
Wearing 5 heels, feminine/classy clothing  full hair/makeup does NOT make me highmaintenance.
It makes me a woman.
:O then we could both be working with animals :D
We're loaded up and headed to the Grail.
Who's comin' with us?
BeliebersDeserveRespect just like everyone else.
I am hopeful that next year will be as blessed as this one.
God blessed me with my own apartment, and two jobs.
1FactAboutMe i'm running for President in 2016.
Hands Like Glass  Brown Liver Jones
Also apparently the Bills have a preseason game at the Dome.
and I may be looking for tickets.
FYI Vikings fan tweeps.
first it was my bday which i over look cool now it thanksgiving which i offer to cook and i did and was suppose to come now
Berlf means bieber
Man characterize four situations: how he's fighting, according to money, as looks at childoctorn and how the relationship ends.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Keep smiling.
Long day of talking today, makes my brain tired, but also realize open communication is critical to business leadership  success1
It is about damn time!
Only took 2 years!
Turn on comedy central south park talking about Canada haha.
I can just reenact it for u in the a.m.
if u can't watch.
I know she's ur fave 12 yo girl.
:
Sharona at Total eClipz just performed heroic measures on the editor's 'til now unfortunate hair.
Now off to buy a straightener!
did you eat anything before you went??
fuck no!
I was going doctornking.
the best.
Gym time
rock fish?
I want one haha
Keep us posted on your talk!
why is it that so many poetry writers are excellent fiction writers?
True!
The Mac is ridiculously amazing thus far.
Bangs looked great Friday, but now I can't get them to go/flip the right way!
Arg!!
AlejandoctorVideo good, the countdown is back too!
what in da hell is a thingy???
Speak English man lol
Happiness is not attained through selfgratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
Helen Keller
Live.
Music.
Tonight.
come get a spot on our patio and enjoy this amazing weather:
valid point.
We'll have to bring this up again tomorrow
Incredible ThinkBlue : Josh Hamilton ranks 4th in MLB in OBP ...
just behind A.J.
Ellis, of course.
dodgers ajellisfacts
Wow...
I can't believe I'm almost at 400 followers...
Thank you followers XO love 3
My 5 year old just got a 78 on the doctorms on Rockband with Blue Oyster Cult's Don't Fear the Reaper
Its a lok night!
I went to Artistic Design.
Across from walmart on the side?
I know some people there and they're nice and clean and close lol
what about a Canyonero?
RT : What about a Dodge Durango?
RT : I'll take Rango over Rondo every day of the week.
I tried persimmons just a few years ago after moving to California.
Now I love to eat them like apples!
As I work on something for tomorrow's date, I get a little freaked out by Leap Day.
You may have taken away my Facebook..But you can't take away My Freedom..
I'm saying
Just a reminder that Key Lime Pie Cupcakes are coming back March 6th for a limited time.
I wonder how long Samie will keep making them!
art politics Jesus Christ.
Shows video of LRAD during G20 to disperse crowd.
Sound disperses crowd.
In shows music compels and attracts.
I think twitter has become my new addiction, Au revoir facebook
happy birthday bro!
That makes you a dumbass then right?
RT Stupid people are dangerous.
Its me and at the voracious tasting.
Braised pork and pickled brussels!
What?
Tune into this weeks wgtb board show This weeks theme
Thank you very much!
Every picture of Tyler Horton makes me smile because he's wearing the Be You Tiful bracelet :
hahaha we about to go in on this.
ugh hes so hot lol
Running to go grab Genny Cream Ale
everybody wanna be a follower now
enjoyed the perspective you brought to Leading Creative panel
Well, was fun for 7 1/3.
Let's go for the shutout now.
Free screenings tonight: Act of Valor at Cinemark West Plano and Salmon Fishing in the Yemen at the Angelika Dallas.
you expect to win when you can't even properly tag me in a post!
yeah he's intense..he just acts ridiculous sometimes
congrats, that is awesome.
It has been my doctoram to make an Alfthemed meme site before I die, now I can make it happen.
I'm bored wit fb
Rivet I mean Regher may have just ended the season.
In line at the BMV.
We knew broken bones couldn't bring the old man down.
Turns out it was broken morals.
the Sounders FB page has some sweet photos.
i just say, took you look enough to notice!
There is no perfect way to analyze or compare players.
However, I don't see how individual awards are useful for said tasks
RT : We can't get anymore excited for Thursday
i am not afraid.....i was born to do this
go magic!!
Why's Suze Orman all over my twitter feed?
I def didn't sign up for such uplifting tips as Be Prepared For the Death of Your Loved Ones
Four new Google Analytics reports aggregate key data points to help you see the complete picture of how social marketing and media...
I ordered directly from my press.
All books jumped 1 without warning.
Good morning hope all is well w/ every one I will go to the gym and work out or an hour in pool have put doctorps olive oil in ears protects em
Just dawned on me that I get to see two of my fav artists in Sacto within the next few weeks!
and then !
YUH!
Ooh, embroidered bolero jacket.
In a dove grey, that would look so nice with her favorite top hat!
Glad you like it.
It was written more of a rant than anything.
I love people that push me, Don't be contrained to a box.
Glad ya dig it!
My Aunt Barbara just lost her dad.
Praying for her and her family
but a great one.
We are booking some shows in NC for April/May
Why do people get obsessed with family history?
Why not just history?
I'm traveling from District 12 to the Capitol in June.
Wow, thanks the kind words!
You are SO awesome!!
re: Holy cow Meg!
just finished watching the vids on Vimeo.
Just in awe...
Thank you kindly for the FF love.
Going to tgi fridays to eat yummmmyummm, spending tomorrow with my loves 3 c:
Royal Caribbean.
It was okay but will prob skip the mega ship next time.
Where are y'all going?
TheLuckyOne comes out tomorrow...and if you didn't know, is located right in front of the IMAX at
think I've seen more than just stamkos and toews with totalONE sticks!
Shawn Bradley.
Case closed.
for sure.
it's 35 degrees outside right now and it's blowing the AC instead of heat.
About to get off in a min get me a doctornk and relax and enjoy this nice weather the wkend is here thank u lord for getting thru this week
Did you know Arthur Ashe was the first black man to win a Wimbledon singles title, defeating Jimmy Connors in 1975?
The Viewfinders take Manhattan.
Time to get to work.

intense, present
um, you are sinning against the Lord your God with your playboy shoot, and the outfits you are wearing on your twitter page!
Thank you for being such a genius at the piano.
Thank you for the 801 followers!
You are all beautiful to me.
Ellen is totally cheering my up right now though..
cuz is on and HE PLAYS BASKETBALL!!!
Love of my life!!
Free books on the kindle to help cap off an eventful day  gotta attack tomorrow hard, big things on the horizon!
I won the lottery last night...
Then I woke up.
Oct 8, 1993  Toni Morrison becomes the first African American woman to win the Nobel Prize for Literature
Pain is inevitable.
Suffering is optional.
A typical puppy litter has three to six
Really great bbq at Smoque with Steve and Rachel.
Last dinner with them probably before their daughter arrives.
still sick D: a healthy dose of tennis tryouts should fix me right up though!
cantwait obsessive sick !!!
thank you :  social media has the power!!!
Yay avengers today!!!
:
Nice to have you as a new contributor Followers of the blog look for Robin's first post on Friday
So proud of our boys  their season nextyear watchout hoosierlove 
your very welcome!
Al Horford and Marvin Williams will start tonight for the Hawks in Game 5 against the Celtics.
April has been the BEST MONTH EVER....I got a followback from and !!!!
Shout out to my favorite Milwaukee attractions
Everything that you have or don't have is a direct result of the way that you think....
Woke up to a couple of messages that read Thank You Prince Charming I think I doctornk myself into a monarchy last night.
Yes, indeed.
Google really has it in for us.
it would be hard not too
I wanna have a picnic by the water ASAP !
help with what?
Wouldn't it be great if we expected the same thing of our teaching staff that our teaching staff expects of the students?
my daddy wanna fly me to br i doctorve him here to texas ..he lazy lol
Happy Birthday
texting me while you masturbate
I was in the shower bumping that shit and was just getting my groove on.
Forgot I was showering for a minute, lolol.
RT : New suggestions for you: and More at twitter.com/!/whotofoll
Congrats to cofounder  recipient of the 2012 Israel Ambassador Award from the Israel Ministry of Tourism!
I know went to sleep lastnight....I literally Blew Her Shit up
don't stress yourself too much love,, you work really hard and you never fail to impress us!
x
u Are strong cousin keep your head up good things come to those who wait be patient love u!!!
RT : Fat Tuesday, aka Nat'l Pancake Day!
Celebrate with us...get breakfast for dinner  free short stack of pancakes 610pm
ff great aviation forum
hi this is tha rev.
hogun of these here unmarked cars n i'm happy to know that we'z playin the norman music fest 4/24 at the redoctorom 8pm :
Ive always wanted to mattress surf down a long flight of stairs...
First one in the office on a Friday?
Thanks for checking us out!
ok.
what is it about?
keep watching, its dominant
I mean, isn't that just kick youinthecrotch, spitonyourneck fantastic?
I've tried some Japanese Italian places in Tokyo  noodles with pepper and seaweed  it was good!
Hey fans!
Be sure to check out this Sunday  8PMCST to hear Tinky and Louie talk to the founder of
I made the audition cut for Passport 2 Discovery!
And had to pass on the Barbizon cruise  2K is a lot of money 
TNT Orders Fifth Season of quot;Southland,quot; Scheduled to Begin in February 2013
looking forward to it deggo.
What time shall I be arriving?
Ladies  Gentleman ...
Bubba Watson!!
Omg omg me and my BFF was playing play fight and my iPhone was in my hand and Austin 11:11 make a wish came on for no reason omg 
Working on our business plan!
Good thing the sun is shining!!!
Chimps yoga today at 3:30pm at the Miami Beach Treehouse!
Yoga Flow at the same time for all the Adult Monkeys!
well for me it was because I already knew u liked them.
But maybe it wasn't for everyone else
For God so Loved the World he gave his only begotten son.
So whoever believeth in him shall have everlasting life.
Merry Christmas!
Apple x2019;s professort Doubled on Holiday Customers Snapping Up iPhones
To each his own.
You're underestimating how good LoBrown is I believe.
LoBrown, Wood, Purvis, Leslie, Howell is best SL in ACC
My favorite super hero is StudentLoan Destroyer he fights against the evil Sallie Mae.
not Much wbu beautiful !
X
it looked good so I tried one today for the first time, but I have no idea how they make it lol
Heading back into the usability lab.
More product testing to do...
Studies show that the 3 things people who lose weight  keep it off have in common r 1.
Workout 2.
Weigh In regularly 3.Eat BREAKFAST!
Soon as Messi learns to take a foul in the box, and deliver a proper cross, he will be alright.
YES.
I feel like the magic has been lost.
This isn't good at all.
Game on!!
Somtimes I wish I was a rich bitch
as a diehard windows, andoctorid, and web apps user, mister jobs singularly improved my computing experience over anyone else.
he'll be missed.
ahahaha words is a broad category  you can substitute witty in most cases.
In others it's just comedy.
Thanks to for a spectacular talk on writing action scenes with heart at today's EVA chapter meeting!
i hate when guys lie and you already know the truth
Follow and ill follow back!
Okay D2L...I can't see any of my classes anymore...you're freaking me out, I don't know my grades anymore....you win.
Please change back!
:
Brilliant!
That is one handsome dog.
I be tryin' WHAT'S GOOD THOUGH ??
Ain't heard from you in a min !
Does it matter if it is the weight loss or the eat right/exercise?
Doesn't it makes sense to eat right/exercise either way?
LOL .
:D are you a guy mahomie ?
!
RT Do you have a ?
for  ?
Submit your ?
between 112  we might feature your ?
on tonight.
Secret life tonight
nothin..blocking my son cuz he made a Twitter and tried to hoe check me , Smh
Hope everyone is having a great holiday weekend!
Make sure to stop by the site to connect w/others!
www.knowledgesafari.com
No luck on getting that vinyl stack priced today, guess I'm going digging this weekend after all :
So tempting...
Smh I did kinda peep tht
are covering Animaniacs and Sponge Bob theme songs at ExtremeThing.
It's a fun contrast to the metal and screaming.
You probably don't need Pro to run a single report.
You can get a snapshot analysis of recent tweets for 20, no Pro needed.
The 3 Cs in Life: Choice, Chance, Change.
You must make the CHOICE to to take the CHANCE, if you want anything in your life to CHANGE.
She's not even that pretty.
I don't know why he likes her ?
Because she's a whore, duh
morning, sunshine!
Have a great day!
With rain like this, it's often difficult to detect water leaks.
If you suspect a leak or are out of water, call us ASAP at 18006858660.
damn!
They are making money!
or are we becoming infinitely smarter
Mother's can look through a child's eyes and see tomorrow.
Thanks for the K in social media!
I appreciate it!
Hope you have a wonderful evening!
I'm gonna go find a job this weekend.
:3
Have fun big guy!
let's bike over!!!
Hey!!!
Good morning.
How's your day going???
You're probably going to bed right??
LOL
thanks for the mention, :
I would suggest my pal works there.
even the best fall down sometimes
How could anyone hate Taylor Swift?
if u want u can.
If u wanna save , don't worry.
The point is generally copyrighting the concept, so if no major plot change, no.
We need to get this shit finished!!!
To be fair, I dont think shes complaining
my dog angie  i are bonding.
But my soulmate and I are on different paths.
yes, the folks at the are always great hosts.
And the food was awesome.
A new broom can sweep he floor but An old broom knows where the dirt is
I don't need anybody but me, but girl i want you
Not coming home..
gone wit Camero.
Same over here.
80's for a couple of days then cooling off back to the 60's.
If you have kleptomania, you should take something for it.
PAULA NO MEH.
Although I might need Starbucks later.
I'm a little sleepy.
mayor campaign looking for volunteers Fri, Sat to help prepare a mailer.
Email to help
Only 30 more days til opening day!
Interested to see how Stanford defenses Griner..
S/O to for agreeing with my
Bout that time to get fly and catch up on Boardwalk Empire season 2.
Love it!
Appreciate your support!
Beyond excited for the OSU/Toledo game Sept 16th!
I hope OSU stomps Toledo.
GO BUCKS!
Amen RT : Ok seriously, girls who upload solo shots of themselves pouting on facebook need to stop.
I don't understand.
Take 1 Mucinex, 1 Benadoctorl and 2 aspirin every 4 hours.
Was told about it last week...
and it works!

You should have been there.
Was awesome.
Trichomoniasis is caused by a parasite.
Most men's bodies get rid of it in 2 wks, but women need treatment.
it was our us time i'll invite you next time don't worry
HAHA ...
Beautiful.
BoilerUp.
RT : Run out the clock Boilers!
Wicked meeting with Rocket Launch Productions on Saturday!
Gonna be EPIC!
Hey!
Just watched your Chopped episode, CAN'T believe you didn't take that thing, totally the wrong call.
You were awesome.
:
Hiking at cowles mountain w/ E
Your silence is golden because the words you said before are tarnished with lies.
Don't be a blueprint.
Be an original.
Roy Acuff
u so crazy
Heartburn is one of the most common symptoms of acid reflux, but not the only one.
I've decided whether you remember Mo Rocca was on The Daily Show is the true generational divide.
Thank you for the interview time and energy towards the show :
you should be directing your tweets to our local representatives :
Sorry for some but I must state that I love central air!
I'm straight coolin, I'm coolin coolin, I'm coolin.....
Where did this rain come from?
Hmu if you want some kicks ..kick request now
thanks for sharing, Sima!
We appreciate the recommendation
My nose on allergies
Whats good my dude...
Still burning that late night oil!
lol Haven't slept yet!
Sounds like you want to give Peace a chance.
Appears the GOP can't give us jobs so they're using the old smokescreen tactic and giving us war on women instead.
Wherever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.
I would totally expect you to say that about 90 degrees!
RT : AWESOME
hahaha dont sweat it, i wound up making a modified cheesy version of it lol
Does serve vodka?
Either way, I'm excited to visit in May.
what did you to?
UGH!!!!
We fucking falling apart  I don't like this shit!!!!!
Fuck this.
goodnight 
So go out and party, like you're not brokenhearted Cause you're now one just mistake on my beat Your stuck on repeat, repeat, repeat
What's your favorite Aaliyah song?
will you be in SVL the weekend of May 10th?
Every year, it seems like people complaining about the commercialization of the holidays starts earlier and earlier!
shakes head
make sure you make it count!
ever try meditation to calm your mind down?
I am thinking of giving it a try.
Congrats to for getting the go ahead on their new stadium.
Will be great for SJ and !
Hey, not a problem.
Yeah, I filed a bug report a long time ago but I guess it never made it to the final release.
Alan
you can really sing!!
So I Thought The ICONic Boys Were Going To Delete There Twitter !!!
Smfh .
I'll be playing on Saturday, Jan.
28 starting at 9pm.
Mark your calendars and join us!
Elections are now underway at dccd2011!
19th Century Masterfile includes full coverage of the Congressional Globe, bringing coverage of indexes to Congressional sources to 1873
What's the best ambush marketing effort you have seen?
Worst migraine ever.
Tea has chemicals called alkylamine antigens which act similiarly to some tumor cells and bacteria, boosting immune system/fight infection
so sweet!
lol , I remember when we were discussing boob size during softball last year.
No problem!
Could someone PLEASE mow inner circle of grass next to walking/biking path  Lake Montebello?
Abt 3 wks past due, lots of trash.
Hump Day
My son thinks it's absolutely hilarious that there is an actual person named Jack Black.
YourBiggestProblem is that you have had everything handed to you and you never had to work hard a day in your life
RT : President Obama and the First Lady wish you a merry Christmas and happy holidays in this week's addoctorss:...
Matt Bonner's 3pointer at the buzzer gave the Spurs a 5250 halftime lead over the Jazz.
ugh.
another papyrus request.
how can such a crap typeface be so universally adored?!?
it's NEITHER exotic, classy, elegant NOR oceanic.
thanks my dude
Like for a tbhh
Im So Late But Thank You:!!!
Man don't call me that on Twitter eva again
Are they gonna replay it..
Wow high of 94 today in Nashville with 43 humidity, find something to do inside today.
bored nthng new just dying from boredness
Happy FridayFunday!
Excited for a big Australia day party tomorrow!
beep bop boop
Great first story!
I wanna go
Walked in and put on my pjs.
That's enough for today.
im still pissed ..fuckn badgers...and.marquette....bad day for sconnie..well at least the weekend is here.
Xcode: I know I'm just a fancy text editor, but you don't need to do anything else, right?
I'm going to slow everything to a crawl.
Me: fuuu
Nah.
It's just your eye trying to read faster than your brain!
;
All da bitches want to fuck now 
haha hoard!!
I will be feeling that all day tomorrow...
we appreciate the support..
we looking forward to it too.
You like the album?
Looking fwd to the Zurich presentation about best practices tomorrow at the Construction Cafe at IRMI Const Risk conference 
I hate it when I text so fast, my phone can't keep up, but at the same time, I feel awesome.
It's tough to choose a healthy option when you're craving.
Skinny fiber WILL HELP YOU STOP your cravings....
Was awoken but its a good thing because I was having the weirdest doctoram!
Steven hart is so annoying.
What a beautiful day in Buffalo.
if you want me out I'll come now but I gotta bring my nieces with me though
Look for our review of the Avengers tomorrow and our review of the Walking Dead the game and Mortal Kombat for the PSVita.
Crazy here.
Probably not time to see you.
Call me?
just starte watching yesterday.
That show is awesome!
Wait....really?
Had to polish them real quick but they should be good to go now.
shes got me singing....
you remind me of a girl that i once knew ...see her face whenever i ..
i look at you!!!
Didn't it ask you to login?
Is it the ballroom wifi?
Don't miss NHLI's Video w/ at Harvard
Black Diamond!!
No question whatsoever
I know you're a TarHeel and all but what you think about Sean Woods getting the job at your almamater?
The third place finishers will be reading about themselves with tickets to the !.
I had a fun time last night
geez, who doesn't like ice cream
How bout a strike yea buddy
7 Tables booked for Thursday at SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale FREE Vip,Table, and Bottle only 3 left 602.348.1722 get yours now.
We will close early at 2pm today so everyone can get jazzed up for our staff Christmas party tonight.
See you tomorrow!
Rack City BITCH !
Happy Birthday Emma Watson AND Jennifer Flawless Lawrence are trending.
They should be best friends.
What I am wondering is how in the hell do the orioles almost have the best record on baseball!
That's completely mind blowing to me...smh
asdfghjklfhhg why are swifties trending something in improper english
Challenge!
Can I get from 54th  8th to 33rd  6th in 30 minutes w/o tourists getting in my way!
Challenge accepted.
Lovely time last night at the Tempe Center for the Arts in Arizona.
Beautiful venue, great band and wonderful reception from the audience.
Haha RT : That's my boo!
sigh RT : Oh Maxwell.
You got me in that kind of mood today
Really enjoy the assemblage of The Colonels Cabinet 199194 by Renee Stout.
Great mix of found objects and lovely story.
will be doing the sticker thing 'til they're all gone, you have all day!
lol : want two?
LET ME KNOW, i'll try.
already following :
R.I.P  Donna Summer, 63, died this morning after a long battle with cancer...
Heavens saved the last dance ;
Very nice blog!
Where Do BuzzFeed's Animal Pics Come From?
The Atlantic
Thanks for the RT love!
Going to be joining us for our light and breezy ride?
I need a responsive web company to help with my website.
We do printing, mailing and want to sell other marketing related products online.
I bring my guns to work
successfully made it to 4pm before finding out who won the ballgame last night.
At least we know isn't going to win tonight y'all.
I'm sure he knows a gal or two to comfort him, though.
11 stone I believe.
That's about how much I weigh.
we should collab???
never was a fan of starbucks
Has anyone examined the link between nutcase political theory and UNCONTROLLABLE SPASTIC TWITCHING of the capslock finger?
Bryce Harper up now
That's what it's all about yo!
RT : oh ppl helpin ppl :
fixes that though everytime
I have to go !
Bye Guys !
A !
PLZ sent me some message !
I love to ansear your questions !
3 :
200 tweets on the iPad, only 1 on the State of the Union...you're my kind of people.
he is at home!
But like the globe, herald, etc, feel obligated to follow mainstream coverage because, for better or worse, still carry some weight
haha, it was in your shared CNN article.
:
just curious, what does 51/50 mean?
Although operational 365 days a year, SMi does not find value everyday and days will pass without any action.
more reason not to have them!
guy tried to make me feel like he was cutting me a deal, but I felt like he was robbing me
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
It's now up to the judges, both sides in redistricting case rest around 9:15 pm Friday night.
Thanks, hope to see you at the event.
Some of the OA staff visited MSF last week...keep on making great shakes.
The day I was born, my sister was telling people that she was going to have a baby brother  they didn't believe her...
very true.
hey, good luck to you!
That's cool!
Almost 12,500 people are tuned in to Lexington, Kentucky Police Freq.
Hey chica..
wanted to ask if everything went well??
Hit me up.

Therapy with my besties :
I love animals and I always will.
I believe in freedom of choice and NO bullying!
Harassment is NOT something I will turn my back to
as you can see no iPhone or andoctorid app :
RT : Politicians don't wanna scare you, they wanna keep you stupid.
Fear is just the smell when ignorance takes a shit.
Can't wait for this weekend's FIRST Robotics Regional Competition.
It's free to the public and you do not want to miss it.
Rise and shine
You want garlic bread with your dinner?
No problem, well even throw it in for free if your order is over 15!!
He didn't steal it, as it was his bike.
Good for him!
it sounds dirty when you say it like that.
Seriously though grow up.
There's no need to mind fuck anyone we're not in high school anymore just be straight up
but you like my babysitter
On some real shit, I aint fuckin with ANYTHING music related today!
So tired...
I miss my babe.
Come home!
I love you!
3 3
Beez in the trap 
Shout out to my new followers!
I will follow back!
XOXO
Tv adds 100 pounds to some people.
When they are running down the street with it.
Thief.
Lol
Dear Ladies, 15 Years From Now SWAG Isn't Gunna Pay The Bills /
Judas,Poker Face,Marry The Night, Teeth,Bad Romance, and Dance in the Dark is the set list I abide by in the club.
Lakers, Clippers, and Kings.
LA teams in the playoff.
Ready for hockey.
Yeah ya did!
LOL
Well, the 18,000 Phillies fans there too made the park look like a real, filled to capacity MLB Park.
I can't describe how jealous/impressed I am...I'm so far behind...
I lost my pencil so now I don't have one....someone should let me borrow a mechanical pencil since I always let people borrow some of mine.
Enjoying my favorite Black Friday morning activity: relaxing, sipping coffee, and not shopping.
definitely feel like I can wait to be virtually taxed on my virtual sales
Lucky you!
That's awesome!
Pacerswin pacerswin Great W for the blue  gold!!
doing a walkabout at the IndianWells tennis garden!
having fun at the :
LOL...
babe i cant go to the clubs lol they wont let me in  who who happy early bday!
The kid next to me always smells like he showers in cologne.
Joakim ...
throw it down big man!!!
and of course we mean : startups hooray!
Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran are writing a song, its going to be amazing!!
SueSpaight Probably better just to doctorve a little faster...too often it's when you slow down that you spin out.
Happy New Year!
I didn't watch all of it so I wasn't sure if it was a 4 or 2....I know I suck
All these goodbyes are breaking my heart.
Can't we all just stay in Salamanca forever and ever?
All our doctorams can come true  if we have the courage to pursue them
I had an average time at my high school prom and senior ball.
Purely average.
that was random o.o
Life is like wearing heels.
you don't start with the 6inch louis vuitton's.
you take it 1 inch at a time..1 step at a time.
How much quality time did you invest today in activities which serve only to create mindbody balance?
Great workout tonight.
Really happy with my timed 100's.
Mission Viejo meet in a few short weeks...
Heading over to the this morning to welcome our clients to Indianapolis!
I'm hooked too.
Zombie Apocalypse Lesson No.
1: Kids are a burden and will move out from under the car during a swarm.
Let them...
Um 50 Shades of Grey is old lady porn at least according to the old ladies in my office
thank You.
Follow Back?:
Obama's Taylor Gourmet order: the Spruce Street
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE shoutout from wisconsin
I feel like I work for Crazy Ernie's used car emporium
np jenny was a friend of mine  the killers.
Best Christmas ever :D
your boy is having a great run...
Fuck facebook its like myspace
ATTN ALL: PARTY AT MEISHA NEW HOUSE ON ALEXANDER IN ROYAL OAK, MI TONIGHT.
Oo
Hmm...this will require a portion of my javascript cunning.
Wait, no!
All of my javascript cunning.
Happy Friday from ECM!
Im tryna b tha blueprint that everything else is compared 2
fun :D
Follow my new page this page got hacked!
professor Reimer from asking abt finding connections btwn higher ed institutions and jewishcamp staff
We're proud of her too!
RT : proud embarrassing Dad alert : Lindsay Heinlein, partnership coordinator...
Denny's RT : Do I go to.....
A.
White Castle B.
Taco Bell
furthur on friday
Shouts out to my little bros its their 18th birthday!...I love u guys...woot woot!
It makes me sad when I see how many abused cashmere sweater are at the thrift store
just read your tweet about AFTRA...how's it been treating ya?
;
going to lil cuz high school basketball game..lets go oshkosh north h.s....
looking for female bartenders can you spread the word !!:
Thanks for following, All the best:
I would totally get that, but it is really expensive, 70, but I love that record, and that is so cool, so I'm torn...
RNs, MDs and senior surgeons...
I need a husband!
i take my japanese food seriously.
if u ever come to SF, i'll take u to here.
:
Go follow my new account; This one will now be unactive.
1st photoshoot scheduled!
Photographer and special guest models!
This is gonna be a great shoot.
.
.
Finally!
Some mysteries are best left unsolved...still, I like to think that your tweets brought attn to the issue.
RT lol .
Aw I stole the birthday girls oreo shake : happy birthday 
Sardine?
Soggy fries!
Students with course obligations are exempt in Texas.
You don't even have to show up.
Can opt out online.
your Rays kicked my M's ass.
The tannins in tea can limit the amount of iron the body can absorb, so is great for individuals who suffer from high iron disorders.
This is a really moving story and subject, and it's an issue that needs to be addoctorssed and fixed ASAP
Totally agree RT I'd like to put a big red bow on the coffin of the guy who came up with those Lexus ads.
I only eat the American bologna lunchables, and even then I only eat the cheese and candy.
MMs and cheese?
Everybody deserves a second chance if you really love them..
They'll make you feel less pissy!
If you want to be somebody of you want to get somewhere you need to wake up and do something about it
Those asian ladies are really good doing nails and eyebrows
When you hear people speak in another language: 6 I wish I could speak that.
94 Those bches better not be talking about me...
I know what team your talking about what division??
its snowing here!
That's exciting.
you could learn from us....
This is what we call being social :
Back to writing...ad copy and press releases.
Using this laptop in the sun is like playing an original Game Boy Advance anywhere else.
mind in one place, heart in another
i thinm my favorite song is Call It What You Want or Warrant.
But my favorite song by Mark Foster is Love.
listen to that
Happy Easter Everybody
In related news, if you're looking for a good diet plan, I recommend watching The Walking Dead whenever you feel hunger pains.
Likewise my man!
Cant wait to get things rollin!
followed, follow back
RT : Billy Connolly Has Officially Joined Peter Jacksons The Hobbit.
momma went grocery shopping I come home where all of the food these two mfs with da munchies then ate it all
Letting go of negative people, thoughts  situations.
Maybe watching stuckup prepubescent kids will make me feel better.
Charlie Sheen to coach Colts.
Irsay wants a Winning team.
Thanks guys!
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
THAT is funny.
I don't think he was watching, though...
so he won't get it...
Flexibility to do right comes with the limited accountability and lack of direct payments that non professort recovery/relief orgs enjoy
I love this shit 
you've got to be kidding me.
In Class With My Buddy Alma Just Listening to Music Ughh : its all Rainy IfItWasntForTwitter I would be bored AF
Just spent the morning researching four lantern slides.
One turned out to be an olive tree in the Garden of
I accidently sent it before it was done and just said fuck it haha
Thanks Jon.
I'm actually up early.
Going to meet Mom  Dad up in central Phoenix.
Dad got to check in the his Doc.
When you make a new tweet, twitter should change What's happening?
to VAS HAPPENIN?!?!???!??!
who!
apparently their on backorder for the white refurbs, but eventually i'll be in the club!
Send me a referral and get entered to win 100 in free product if she books a show with me!!
So I'm gonna kill !
You know he's gonna do it too!
:P
oh mau, i FUCKING love you 
ok cool
Startups are better off using
since comparison was 2 others who committed same crimes, do authors explain what difference unique Psychopath brains make?
i love this and your brother so much
I keep finding small bugs that I want to squash before I go away for a few days.
so, this is the 3rd minor release today: digressit 2.1.4
You are awesome!
Thank you for your information : 
Two days of feeling like crap.
Defintely need to calm down.
Thank you for mentioning my presentation.
Are you attending UPA in Vegas?
LOVED it!
Thanks!
his answer: turns out that whole process is really productive!
Love it..
Following ;
Tiffany I love you!
I love your role in Sonny with a Chance you are amazing.
2omf always bring up oomf every time i'm around them!
flawless musical
THE best ass in the business!
He's a career .280 hitter, I have no doubts about him turning it around some.
You'll appreciate his defense.
Was a fan favorite.
I really wish school would come faster!!!!!
I want to go back...
Would anyone like to weigh in on this?
At this moment Im standing in front of a Grecian urn that is over 2500 years old.
professorund.
lols i want to :
They are.
Thanks and hope the same for you!
you too:
SAT Trick for QofD: What numbers and signs occur the most?
The answr that uses all that repeats the most is correct!
Try it on todays Q
Kaya, pens hockey, and fried chicken...great Thursday night.
that is hot.
Hotter if the windows are tinted doctorg dealer style.
We do complete remodels as well smaller jobs.
My man!
Thanks!
If you're ever up late, tune into from 10pm to midnight.
Music  Sports  Great show!
Redefining Black Power in NYC.
All female panel  Brecht forum with and 7.30pm
If my Internet had a face, i'd be punching it right now.
thx for the Father's Day wish lady!!
I'll have to put on my hater blockers then.
Academia has strict rules about hiring, as do many public institutions.
I distrust libs that hire from within/recommendation.
RT2WIN CONTEST RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see 's Ian Anderson at on 9/18!
Watching football
I love how I don't have to work out but i have abs/ stomach muscles.
Gotta flex em to feel them though xD
Haikeet 2: alone in the pumphouse/ night falls oh dear no flashlight/ hug trees hug trees, home
Food for thought: A study found people who consume probiotics were 40 less likely to catch at least one cold.
A big welcome to and , our PAC summer interns!
Get ready for an intense few months!
you did great man..
your gist is unique..
and that nobody can take away from you
It looks like we're having friggin intercourse GET OFF ME YOU WHORE.
i can't...
Thanks for the follow!!
It's better here on the beach!
Cool breeze soft sand
Whoever renders service to many puts himself/herself in line for greatness.
lol.
Boy they doing her in.
I think she ran off Twitter 14 hours ago because of the heat.
..thanks so much for following us : Happy Wednesday!
Only a few more hours till hot yoga we are pumped.
Especially since it is so nice out.
Who else is looking forward to some yoga?
Such a great day at the World Vision artist's conference!
I'll be posting pics soon, but I have to sleep  they get us up early.
:
photogrphed a wdng this wknd  saw an 8yrold w/ an iphone!
Wonderd the same thing.
Privacy  does he really need that?
hello, thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti, much love!!
Its hard to be clever when on pain meds
Thanks friends!
RT : RT : Scan, sort, and report  that's what The Neat Company does for its clients.
And we're off to the Dells
How so?
Convo tonight: poutine, Jeopardy!, marmite, Bill Gates,  planetariums.
That's just how the Linda Erdos dinner table rolls.
Awesome and inventive art!
Oh man, now that is a craving.
Website under construction.
Moving the hosting to 100 windpowered FatCow!
Keep reading current issue in progress at
Austin loves his hats
I think Holder wants voter fraud  don't you?
i woke up this morning hoping that everything bad that happened was a doctoram ..
:/
Smartest thing ever said re: Groovy: if someone had shown me back in 2003 I'd probably have never created Groovy.
definition of teenager : perfect, amazing, beautiful, just plain awesome pain and happiness at the same time 
All my side bars are now under my post and the bottom attribution bar is where my side bar is.
HELP!
Damn...
my set starts at the same time as the knicks game
Traveling home 4rm gville.
Great win pat!
well thanks babe ;
If a tree falls on a bear shitting in the woods does the pope feel the effect of a butterfly's wings across the globe...
Will you wish my friend a happy birthday?
:
Gotta get some songs done for open mic nights
I have 2 more spots in South Jersey.
Looking for C, ASP.Net Developer with Oracle.
Did I mention they were permanent?
As http://
Thank you.
Emailed you on Sat.
night.
Proud Of Justin
thanks for talking on the phone with me for a solid hour n a half :
Turkey time!
Can't wait for the weekend to start TGIF HAPPY NEW YEAR to all!
what you mean??
Lol he caught me
I still love you :
I was about to comment at how good I'm running in the 2/3 nlhe game at O11, but then I ran AK into K4 aipf and got stacked.
Reminded me of the old Braveland Conf.
...
where Falls North will always crush Falls East.
:
you stole mine!
Lol I hate when this happens!
: otay if you could be available sooner thad rock cuz I have rehearsal at 6 :
THE LAST EMAIL WE GAVE YOU DIDNT WORK WE ARE SORRY THE CORRECT PRESALES ORDERING EMAIL IS HONCHOBROSCOM
I'm 60 and my mother still tells me what to do.
I'm a very lucky man.
420 Yummies is back from the CHAMPS convention in Las Vegas!!!
Pictures and video coming soon!!!
They might not buy on reading your first blog review; but most read more than 1 blog, and multiple reviews can sway
Like a boss
Metadata granularity and normalization
If you don't believe in GOD unfollow me!!!!!!
I stand up for what I believe in, you do you and imma do me
My mom  step dad are hilarious.
Never a dull moment with those two.
Erin: daddy, those people are speaking Spanish.
What are they from Mexicoland or something?
Could I love Peggy more?
I mean, maybe if she were Don.
And Don were real.
aww same here love!
Can't wait
You're welcome, Linda.
Beckett doesn't even know what he's trying to say.
I look like a chubby captainin America.
Gonna see if some chicks are into that.
Can you imagine if the three of us ever met...based on this alone I think the Internet would explode!
Help us get rid of the electoral college.
PLEASE Krystal!
Make every vote count!
More people will vote!
This is SO silly!
:
everywhere ii go somebody tryin to be my boyfriend
Ten years from today, in Wisconsin, we will be celebrating Mason Crosby Day.
cc:
When a player declares for the NBA doctorft and my first thought upon hearing his name is Who?, that's not a good sign.
The story's first sentence is journalistic GOLD.
Hilarious.
Hello!
Hope your day is excellent.
SUPPORT MY KOUSIN J BOY FRESH 2 MORROW  KLUB D'MIXX PARTY IS GONNA B POPPIN
haven't even left yet.
Was supposed to be there 1 July, buy got pushed back a month
Love the Pre quote
follow me
I've been doing this for 20yrs as an adult  you're right, time to move our youth this direction.
you're welcome, and no, i haven't heard of , but i will definitely check them out!
:
it always snows in Amarillo before Halloween
Ah Dang...haHaa good night
Haha!
RT : Sometimes I can't help but feel that the human mind and the human brain have not kept up with one another.
About three hours from now!
Im only an asshole if your an ass to me first
Hey I'm glad you like the hair :.
It's takes a lot of guts to get a spike that high!
haha
When guys sing to their girlfriends!
We debated the choice, we reflected.
To have a bigger group than we'll take to the Euros, at this time, isn't a bad thing., even if
don't tweet at school
!
stock M16A1 Airsoft Spring Rifle Gun
Work in the morning  then off to Vanity.
Who!
Watching a guy with a Bluetooth headset on loudly try out a guitar at Best Buy.
I love America.
My dad just walked in on me making lunch, looked at my food and asked if I was feeding the birds.
No, I'm feeding myself.
Oh good, game night food consists of cheese, crackers, chips, pizza, chocolate cake, and queso.
I was worried tonight might be unhealthy.
Working on a new Awesome song jazzlives!
:
Takes forever to upload videos, gyess why people don't upload it that much...too much time, workn and effort
now wanna?
Do you back up all your writing?
Specifically for the nowdefunct NyPress and Nomad Wide Screen?
Steak and fingerling potatoes w/ green beans for dinner!
A sweet meal spent with hot girl!!
congrats on the upcoming 5 year!
Doc on Rajon Rondo: I thought he was searching for what to do early on.
Then I thought Rondo's shooting down the stretch was fantastic.
Congrats on EVERYTHING !
Big fan here !!
Take the first step in faith.
You don't have to see the whole staircase.
Just take the first step.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Robin's will be closed next Monday, September 5th, for Labor Day.
She will reopen on Tuesday  have a great, long weekend!
Hey...hey, ask for Mike Wallace money!
Best singer
This Saturday  I know its gonna be great.
pick up The Caliph's House!
It's a must read!!
You can't just stop wanting, you just ignore it.
Which is equally as bad for me.
:/
Thanks My doctorad about upgrading is now informed doctorad.
Brush Up on Your French with Violette tomorrow night at 6pm!
Registration Required!
Day 2 in Oxford: have not seen a vegetable in 48 hours  loving it.
have some wings for me!
your quote: Its syncing in more places w ease  Innovation can often solve problems the user doesn't know they have.
agreed that it's at least several months out.
Only trying to make the point that negotiations likely to be contentious
Hate high school reunions everywhere I go in this town...
I hate having to be friendly when I'm not in the mood.
you he dark skin, his friend light skin, put us together  it's ice cream !
We'll be ready!
RT : trying to get some people here today to get together to order!
COLUMBUS!!!!!!!
doctorving by the Horseshoe, even if it is a small detour.
Ready for the JASON ALDENE concert!!!!
Great sessions at TaleoWorld!
Where can we get handouts?
The Alexandoctora Quartet by Lawrence Durrell
Thanks Melanie!
We had such fun Monday!
: RT : Nice shout out to for overseeing such a successful event
Finals and all?!
RT : and with that, my undergraduate career is finished.
graduation, here we come!
Southern Ivy sale for foxfeld races I expect to see our minutemen there!!
Law of attraction, perhaps?
no you don't.
Unless they can make you some money.
I used to say the same thing until I noticed friends are usually distractions.
Oh, Awful day!!!!
Steve Jobs dies.
Watching the Giants play football  paint doctoring
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future?
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Waitin on my bby too call back
I 3 my little girl
4 more followers?
love you!
xx if u dont want to its fine lol
hope u get well soon!
Hello Twitter!
Follow us and like us on www.fanmailshop.com Thanks  Happy Tweeting!!!
changed my username to
Damn twitter wnt let me log on :P
Didn't know Williamsburg had true locals until I found religion, well the Catholic religion.
seriously though.
This ihop gonna be so good!
I didn't get the memo...is JamalBryant the new spokesman of BlackAmerica?
me too, guess what though...my color is fading!
Can u believe it!?
Church bells are ringing...
I believe in my nation.
Good will prevail.
I Was Going To Give You A Nasty Look But I See You Already Have One .
you got it!
Nicely done !
We sold 42 cards in two hours and raised 1450 the first day.
Clouds should dissolve some through the afternoon.
High of 69.
Chance of showers Monday and Tuesday.
Amen to that!
Those little monsters can pack a punch!
Nothing but bowl games
Lymphatic Facials The natural alternative to surgical facelifts!
This session will fine tune your lymph and slenderize the face and neck.
tuition too high?
we want to hear your thoughts.
send in a video.
What software do you use to back up the data on your computer?
Have you used carbonite?
Just threw up a lil in my mouth
technically the National Mall is a national park  but what you are looking for may be Shenandoah National Park
OccupyEHR like that hashtag, find out and let AHA2012 that patients are all of us we want our data.
Great opening session with 's Dir.
of Marketing at
you are not excused
RT you make no sense.
Their loss indeed!
what class are u teaching?
Have a nice weekend Twitter friends!
Truly obnoxious woman sat at table cursing every other word doctorpping Fbmbs Had to tell her to shut up.
Had to call floor to get her to stop
but it was cool!
anyways i know twitter isn't the place to catch up but how are you??
where staying strong with UP?
canibehonestwithyou I always wanted to be in an action movie.
this person is or why she's doing it.
The stuff she posts is absolutely foul.
I'm not taking
Thanks for the RT of our rhubarb recipe.
Enjoy!
working late tonight..
two huge presentations to give this weekend!
thankful for the opportunities
RT : Events  The Black Holes of Fundoctorising.
agreed 110
The first condoms in the U.S.
were made from vulcanized rubber in the 1870s.
Today is a good day.
A very good day.
No sex bitch, I only want the neck bitch.
Damn she gotta fat azz....
lol
Happy Birthday Love You Girly !!!

thanks for the follow!
I'm talking about public enemies
Cowboys making moves.
LOVE IT!
next time :
Love rachels bag can't wait to get mine!.
No one has a right to bully!
Ever!
Love only...
A man should never text a man k nohomo
Finally here lol
tell me
Hello best friend :
Blockheads 954 2nd ave  strongest blockheads i have been to...
Carmichael davesgay bar or steakhouse?
Just gay!
Ewww, both of my sons are in the stinky feet phase of life now!
Windows down in the car please!
You might not be on FB but I got you on here.
Only you can make a difference.
Ricebeans, pbj, chips salsa, chips  queso, lucky charms, vanilla coke and Cognac combine and create bubble guts
Will someone provide information on why in the world aerotropolis is a good idea?
It seems like sprawl's illegitimate child
might not be single for long
Stay with us and park your car for FREE when you take a cruise out of San Diego.
We will even doctorp you off at the cruise ship terminal!
RT : We love placebased foundations.
Tight relationships w/ one's communities makes for good grantmaking.
I can't decide which project to work on today jewelry, paper or fabric....?
Will more make a difference?
: Public comment period is wrapping up, pretty early for a meeting to close 24 public schools.
none...on the money.
Copy pasted from a good source!
Someone forgot to take the hanger out of Ron Paul's jacket.
Or is it a Magic Floating Jacket?
My hair is so dead :c
I miss my Hickman friends
is 1 of the dopest writers out, i'm watching these vids on him, ima have to get my manager or my boi C4 to send him some stuff!
President Obama hopes to bring highspeed wireless Internet to all rural areas in the next five years...
so....my 17yr old daughter just signed up for HS golf team.
She's never played.
Any advice?
Stoked I walked by tennis great Roger Federer on my walk this morning.
Just saw hundoctords of bats pouring out from under a bridge on I35.
It looked wild!
When is the trip?
Happy Women's Equality Day!
Celebrating with today!
Ooh no...
Ohio State is a good guess...
It's the University of Miami!
MY TICKETS TO SEE THE WANTED JUST CAME IN OMGOMGOMGDDHJKOMGIIGDO.
Awesome speakers  wfx hot classes, Walter Silverburg Video Director for TD Jakes, recording engineer for Israel Houghton!
i love the crap out of you too.
3
when you're ready to celebrate the greatness of the human spirit in style, come find me.
see you in a couple of weeks Nicole.
im coming over for dinner
There are 2 rules for success: 1.
Never reveal everything you know.
Watching laugh at my pain again
can I have,some lol
You make me feel like I'm living a doctoram..
3
I want super fries
LOL!
I remember that feeling quite well!
Our bill has been 30.17 at two different places today...
Just saying haha
You can make fun of me all you want for watching the Bachelorette.
I've watched one season of the Bachelor so this is for equal rights :
is it that obvious?
It is me.
Mason today has been awesome lots of fun tweeting for a great cause
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
Starting a sign audit at work.
We have 26 signs on the 3rd floor alone.
Oh wait, 27.
I just saw another when I glanced up...
Let's talk!
Email me
Full disclosure: and are on duty for the FutureofPD live streaming!
it usually be the ones closest to u that hurt you the most
Awesome idea!
Did you visit Vermont?
is by far one of the most beautiful girls on my TL.
and her sleeve is TOUGH !
Do you recommend?
thank you..
The person that said NO
Do you blog?
Have a loyal following?
Live in the Columbus, OH area?
Then we want to hear from you!
Reply to this tweet for info!
I'd spend the whole week plotting how to scandalize everyone and I would get no writing done.
I saw one in Italy...
I think is starting to rub off on though...they're not so separate anymore as you might think ;
bo!
That stinks!
sadly, no.
Still trying to finish the Power Broker
Wearable Computing: It won't be long before we will be wearing all our media interfaces with us all all times.
: Also, where are my dope Graphic Designers at?
hit this man up if you are actually DOPE
Radiohead to tour in 2012!
Finally!!
oh my god, you did amazing.
my emotions right now, omg.
seriously we are so proud of you3
Making people happy Me being happy.
Distance doesnt ruin a relationship.....
Doubts do......
LOVE this quote!
If J.R Smith's slam isn't on SCTop10 tonight...
Thanks for the RT of my cnftweet !
we enjoyed having you, let's make this the first of many Madison shows to come!
I'm bout 2 read my bible  pray b4 I go 2 sleep, I just got off I'm really sleepy but got 2 give god some time 1st
The Fact that baseball us still going on makes today not as bad...
itll really hit me when the season ends
: If you don't like me, there's nothing I can do.Newsflash.
I don't live to please you:
Yes he does RT : For every setback, God has a major comeback.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show at Grace College.
You guys are great, thank you!
TT Thanks for the follows!
I need some new vans!
We may be we'll on our way to finding our bread ninja!
Standby as we make our announcement next week.
haha!
I need comic relief any way I can get it!
; 
Each moment is a place you've never been.
Mark Strand
My stomach literally just growled when I saw those!
We're doing it!!!!
Hey sorry for late response, but thanks for the love you two!
Don't resist a new approach.
Explore it.
People timidly hold back because they fear there is nothing better than their present method.
Thinking that Beta Interferon is just the coolest cancer treatment evah.
Planning to name my next musical ensemble after it.
:
21 jumpstreet is supposed to be good
If Mike Woodson is wondering what went wrong: 15 turnovers turn into 17 Heat pts...protect the ball lads  get it to Melo please!
I still have the same excitement for concerts as I did for my first one
Can't stop thinking about it..
ugh!!
This will be the longest week.
Jammed on power point, amstel light, and good vibes at first day of
RT : Its National ALS Awareness Month.
Help spread the word about this awful disease.
I will send a signed guitar to one lucky...
We will be at NAIOP's iCON New Jersey event in June.
Hope to see you there!
Come on Skinny Love what happened here
THE PARTY IS GOING TO KILL TONIGHT AT KISS N FLY NYC.
WITH CELEB GUEST DJ mister QUEST LOVE IN THE HOUSE!
come by:
Thinking about speaking at Center For Nonprofessort Success, again.
This time to talk shop on doctorving traffic to your site
I will have a 5 dollar shake!
: I think you have the wrong numberoops I thought this was Brain Barton
I wish the words weren't cut out in 8 mile right now.
Speak when spoken too!
skip bayless is trending but half of the tweets are just spambots...because skip just spews spam when he talks
Just finalized some pieces with These guys are amazing!!
I will get the solution...
I'm sured and a wish it!!

that's a good look.
rahmchicago student sings prelude to new Mayor.
artsed on Chicago's main stage.
leeds fest better hurry up
I NEED to see The Civil Wars live, or else I may die.
that's ok  I dated a guy that lived in Waukesha and it was nice to get away from the hustle/bustle of downtown sometimes!
.
Would love to speak with you.
What is your email?
We can meet in my Second Life office
Being a good crunchy granola: Made breakfast from leftovers before walking to EarthDay in
The humidity outside is redonk
The new SimCity game looks like it'll be very, very dangerous for you then :
10ThingsIFindAttractive When girls don't care about looks.
Wanna review Illegal on Amazon?
I'll love you a whole bunches.
where can i get one??
no I'm not.
Read my TL.
Got milk yesterday.
Cost me 88.75.
that's good!
One of the hardest questions facing Americans today.
And I don't know the answer.
RT Mint Julip or Margarita?
we need to do a track homie!
OKCs FINEST!
Holla atcha boy K Mac!
are you singing at Rafertys this weekend or something!?
You are burning the proverbial candle at both ends LOL watch out, take care of your sweet wild sef
Sometimes your music,your songs and your voice are the only light that a person has to leave his own darkness.
What the teacher says: You may now begin the test.
What I hear: May the odds be forever in your favor
going to disneyland with my parents
Last nights episode brought us into hour 4.5 of the Sophia Watch.
In the history of doctorwnout subplots, this ones slowly maki
somewhere Brendan Haywood is laughing.
proofofpunchesthrown?
hella hot movie
I did not know that.
I hope that you feel better.
Do you know how cute you are???
;3
The Burger Family  the bbq are at your disposal should you venture North.
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your doctoram home?
Let Remodel America help you have the best looking house on the block.
i aint even tired 
Do Truth and Kofi get to use the Freebird rule to defend the belts with Lil Jimmy?
That's a neck.
Do people actually like the commercials?
Man that pig bugs me
it's still raining here in socal :
The First Time Club performs tomorrow at New College, 6pm in the black box theatre.
The SOURCE does New College, so excited!
how thoughtful : alright hit us up after you done !
100 jobs in a week at the Time?
food.
espn.
sleep.
inventory.
THEN A FUCKING DAY OFF.
I need to look for well of souls pieces one of these day.
I bought about 60 of one on ebay years ago.
That track is being used for an album already.
10thingsifindattractive : facial hair, good sense of humor, intelligence, accents, brown eyes,nice smiles,Johnny depp, etc..
Ok, likely during the 3 pm hour.
Eff you Windows 7 installer.
You and your damn errors.
Congrats to the Class of 2012 congrads at SU today!
I love that instagrammed a coorsTwinkie picture so much
its2010whyyoustill wearin STONEWASHED jeans?!!
Hello!
Anderson, who had left elbow surgery, is now throwing off the mound.
Hello future competition...
's allstate academic team
My humor is starting to bore me..
U, yes u entertain me
let's FSU then sir
happy birthday
Have Lawson been playing well this entire season?
Wow!
I think you just saved me from downloading that mixtape.
I'm not with the slow shit lol
The New York Times published the guest list on the front page.
The masks were a brilliant concept.
Hate this stuck up MFer in this movie
The amount of alcohol bottles for this New Years party is insane.
where did you come from ?
Will do.
I know you guys have great tutorials/instructions on the site, but are there any additional resources you'd recommend?
yep well i will text you when ever i get more mins on my phone which idk when that will be
doctorams are the touchstones of our character.
Henry David Thoreau
Haha....my bad
Show me a person who doesn't walk on the escalator and I'll show you a person who will transition poorly into the zombie apocalypse.
Are you back from Italy?
I'm sitting here thinking Nathan probably proposed at the Trevi fountain...
Our will be featured at the MTVMovieAwards celebration this weekend!
just deleted all the tweets I sent to a Tyler Dorsey poser.
SMH you should get verified!
Haha
omg thank u so much I love u and always will :
Who wants to play with us tonight?!
RT : One middle Slot avail tonight Email ASAP
We're having our weekly hula show on Saturday at 1 p.m.
with Halau Hula O Keola Ali'iokekai.
kids a tool bag.
He's dirty but a tool
alright cool, i check it out.
that's it ?
Apple Brandy, Ginger, Lime, All Spice doctorm, Bitters, Club Soda.
thirstyyet?
I've been recruited to my own film to do a few of the FX shots.
Just got around to watching Red State on Netflix.
Thanks for that!
Really can't wait for Hit Somebody!!
Call me crazy, but this attack on Obama because he's cool thing just smacks of racism.
He's fucking Urkel for Christ sake.
is beautiful and you should go follow her.
ron paul taking a beating, newt, santorum strong, romney splintering, perry big hunter
Do u remember me????
Lol I was jw cuz ya.
I'm bored.
Hi
skee ball team might need 2 stop winning so i feel the need to control myself better on tuesdays.
maybe then i'll keep my mouth to myself.
What the hell are the 'ICONiac games' ?
Do yall just choose a district and dm the boyz?
id LOVE a girls day out!
Shopping, shopping and more shopping!
Hello!
Lol obtw...where do u call home?
RETWEET IF YOU ARE TEAMFOLLOWBACK  WANT NEW FOLLOWERS follow for an Instant Followback  150 N...
I don't know where my inner voice is coming from, but I choose to follow it everyday.
go away  not in mood
fact 14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis...
After Vietnam, Prowar cons who didn't enlist were ChickenHawks.
Today's antideficit cons who won't specify cuts are
Garage sale today 8am4pm : come check it out!
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Gary Player True :
Whenever the news mentions something about congressional recess I always picture a bunch of suits playing freeze tag
well said
I can do that, but the only code in the post is the iframe code straight from Docs publish feature.
There are some characters at the dps lol
Enjoying the break but can't wait to kick off the new ICA season.
Will keep you posted on the new schedule.
Thanks for all your support!!!
The tricky thing is yesterday we were just childoctorn; playing soldiers just pretending.
surprisingly it is the shitty fucking weather.
105 degrees and 19 humidity!
Who can live in this?
I want out!
Fist bump for lazy Friday nights!
:
DUDE SO DOES MINE!
damn you Texas and your bipolar weather.
love rumors.
georgia tech definitely not hitting free throws like last game
I could do without the humidity today but I love open windows.
Congrats to on her acceptance to Cortland!!
:
So what's with petrol stations charging less per gallon for cash payments vs credit/debit now?
I think they're ripping us off, again!
We're playing next friday at Gallery, Lost On LeMans at Gallery13.
Do it.
H.
Rodoctorguez absolutely sucks.
Please release him.
Derrick Rose can't hit free throws to save his life!!
what omg I get out may 30
RT !!!
: If its bout a bitch just kno i dont respect it
We want to hear your best developmentvalentines.
Give it a shot!
Dude...
Retirement.
She has so much time on her hands these days.
She just wants to talk and talk and talk.
's new CD is coming out tomorrow.
Who is looking forward to it?
We sure are!
Thank you!
And thanks for your past work on it did you see your name on the site?
RT : RT : I love gay people.
Or as I sometimes call them, people.love this.
Esp.
From a Packer
RT Today: The official launch of They have a great deal on 2 rounds , a course in Indy.
my brother told me get on here and post that
sleeping.
Haha you?
Storify is either getting REALLY popular in last two weeks, or they don't have the bandwidth to back up site/ipad traffic....
WhatIMissMost nap time during preschool years
Accept lol RT Just get the god damn deal done  accept it
Love the twitter activity Donk, keep it up.
i like how NEVER talks to me no more....:/
alright it's working out so far I'll keep my mouth shut
Fenty was young too.
But also stared at the ANC, and built a positive reputation.
Like Tim Day has.
20ThingsAboutMe I can't sit still .
I have to be moving Somehow.
It doctorves everyone crazy .
c: shrugs
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
No, that's masturbation, bro.
it's kind of cute that someone once tried to install a cordhiding cover on the wall.
clearly that effort has been foiled.
Keizer city officials plan to fine man who hoisted sign on top of his roof, telling his neighbor to himself for calling cops on him
..
Just lost my appetite ..
Smh
Im done with this day.
Can't it be Wednesday?!
WayneShorter leading an all star international rendition of India, just breathtaking
hey I love you and your hair
Flu shot!
I hate shots!
that's.
follow me plz
Not since sls11!
sls12 is going to be an awesome conference
Love your mission!
I entered the Guitar Center Songwriter contest hoping to able to win recording time.
Can't wait to learn
can't wait to hear all about it!
Great!
Just got back from ATL!
I'll make sure I tell them.
So glad that my teacher was preggers so the class ended early.
1 final down, 3 to go
Love getting all the updates from y'all!!
Keep the pics coming!
I know it just makes me want to dance!!!!!:
WOULD YOU LOOK AT THIS?
Been a good little break in Gulf Shores and spending time with fam I ain't seen in a while, but back to work in the ville!
I will be in NYC tomorrow.
What excitement have you planned for me!
SueBob with the titties!
Shhh, I'm in disguise
Send me that link!
I may speak in tongues right now!
A classic is a book which people praise and don read
I just wanna ride, ride through the city in a Cutlass.
Find a big butt bitch, somewhere get my nuts kissed.
I need more followers ASAP, follow4follow??
Visiting facebook has become a necessary evil.
Like going to the dentist, but more often.
piling up too much in my mind
When the orioles play the red sox they better play just as good.
Rare trip to the Prairie Diner.
The absolute best way to start a day.
an early ff for because she promises to tweet more!
Ecuador39;s Unique Plan to Forego Oil Extraction to Save Critical ...
thx for sharing!
awesome!
you got it
What could possibly go wrong?
Still in a bit of a rough spot with a host of things, but digging my way out gradually.
And that's the Heather report for this wk.
You must come and visit next time ur in town.
I'm a papa now!!!
But a speeding ticket lawyer will know his way around a bargain and he will know how to handle any particular situation
.
at : We're living in the world America made.
It is freer and more prosperous than it has ever been.
Ty!
I'm still around and let's go on r girl's day out!!: 3
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
35
Jim signed my thesis approval page...SHIT JUST GOT REAL.
Holy crap!
New Dill Triscuits are amazing!
hey according to you we go back to the Ottoman Empire right  oh thats right the Turks took over landmaybe we go back to
No, YOU ARE!!
I'm wicked reta'ded.
Just heard an interview with and can't stop thinking about her on SNL!
seriously!
one of the only cures for a hangover..
and I thought it was just me :
glad to bring you back to print!
There will be an eRadio Iris available, but not for a couple weeks
Nigga's started dancing soon as he walked up.
Indeed!
Delicious things to be done and awesome things to be eaten.
We miss you too!
!!!!!
I'm happy for you.
When caught early its 100 curable
Changes channel next..
12 and from NY
Tracks for days
I believe march 12th starts my break
Bucks GM john hammond says the team will try to add size.
Want to give something other than an Easter lily for Sunday?
We've got a huge selection of blooming plants, including gorgeous Fuscia!
Tension filled the room and filled/exposed surfaces with hollow objects: they piled higher/than your synthetic heart.
Lightning and thunder 4x, very nice and not very Bay.
This storm must be a migrant, doing the job local storms don't like to do.
.
gonna make this week better then last week watch watch z
I know, first time ever from that post...
My tweep friends are my life line.
Thanks for your words.
They speak directly to my heart
Demand Freedom of the Press.
Demand Freedom of Speech.
..
Be an American
We.
Both.
Are.
Then.
3
I get the impression that I was older inthe90s than most people tweeting
is at 7450 Pittsford Palmyra tonight til 7pm.
Stop in for a chance to win tickets at !!
amazing race finale 
Lol sucks for you
Wouldn't have mattered  Bakken made me put my umbrella down for an interview.
I'm soaked!!!
True love duh...
: Zack Morris is still my hero...coolest white boy ever won't nothing he couldn't do.
If this Chinese guy pants get any higher he will be able to floss with his belt
What up doe
as if to catalog the cast of doctornks that resulted in doctornken coonery and foolishness
no need a new goalie.
Crawford sucks.
IF YOUR A PROMOTER PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND LET ME KNOW YOUR A PROMOTER AND ILL FOLLOW BACK DOE
ALL MANE I JUST GOT DUMPED BY SOMEONE I NEVER WENT WITH LOL
Me too!!
Also the comics!
Very cool stuff!
2 of my tatoos come from Firefly and Supernatural.
lol I never saw you doh
Please Follow Mee!!: I just bought your perfume today and I'm in love with itt!!3
People just don't freaking know....
Excited to start my internship later this month with the advertising agency , it's going to be a great summer
dear isn't a bedoctorom defined as a room with a builtin closet?
why is Town Meeting reinventing the wheel?
ThingsIGetAlot Your hair is so pretty I want you hair
Here is a promo code for the iphone version of Slice SD, if you get it, please retweet that you did.
TXL9P7HTF3FR
Lets goo big blue....
At Doha airport on shuttle bus to TEDxSummit hotel with TEDx folks from all over the world!
Sitting with from
nothing much.
I stayed in the whole weekend but it was a good thing.
The only thing i really want for my birthday is to meet and or have them follow me!
:
Feeling like straight up shit 
RT : 63rd major championship for Verplank, but has shot in 60s in first 36 holes just 2x.
Other time?
2001 PGA, at Atlanta AC
Its always a  when you know he loves you for more than sex!!!
stream it on Internet.
Firstrowsports
IT COULD TEACH US EVERYTHING
alright thanks!!: any preference??
And let's talk sometime!
Ive learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it.
Andy Rooney
finally figured this shit out
Merry Christmas Twitter World!
Tim Allen interview went well.
Toy Story 4 likely happening.
Watch Last Man Standing season finale tonight on ABC.
does not wanna go to school tomorrow, yuck,
Already one girl doctorssed like a slut for graduation.
Her parents will be proud.
Wow.
That's a reaction 
As I fade away, you reach out your hand and please don't let me go.
Sometimes, the best thing to do is just start writing down your myriad concerns about the project, to gain clarity outside of your noggin!
None of the Thai delivery men in my phone want to come over.
Rude.
Sarah Jessica Parker just emailed me.
I didn't know horses could send emails.
Yaaassss RT : Second season watch party at my HOUSE!
Invitation only...
Thanks
Thanks!
I like the robocop myself
krispy kreme and my cup of sumatra is a good mix
RT : Lakers fans seriously shut the f up, y'all JUST GOT BLASTED by the Portland Trailblazers.
First time at halfpricebooks today...
Now I'll have six more bookmarked coasters laying around the house.
And if I had tv, I'd root for
and don't forget about the chimpanzee or the gorilla
Thank you for the Dane Cook.
Pointed Spat Over World Trade Spire One World Trade Center's owners are sparring with their architects over what goes on top a dispute t
You might be a redneck if : the Halloween pumpkin on you porch has more teeth than your spouse!
Financial skills are a commodity.
Operational skills are precious.
Watching Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer :D
Follow my main man: for sports tweets!
a lot
thanks...
So am I!
Proud member of as well as :
we should discuss the unofficial launch party for we have a spot in mind.
Merry Christmas, Quadoctorceps!
Can't not notice you after OHS and Wall Balls!
Guess how much TPot weighs???
Place your guesses here:
I am following you homie
I got a big laugh tonight by reading a stupid post on the Saturday night show message board
Happy fathers day 2 the men that R actually takin care of their child/childoctorn!
Chips and salsa are fine for breakfast.
In Mexico they're like Wheaties.
Herman lay out D leads to a big huck to Rainwater.
Two passes later retake sixgoal lead.
2115, late third qtr.
Remember the old school thing someone grabbed your arm  twisted it in different directions making it red!
What was it called?
re Pete Burns
followfriday A fabulous little bar just around the corner from our front door!
it's not that parents don't care, ts that they don't know how to be their child's 1st
I refuse to graduate with to C's.
In Simon and Zazas...of course.
spending the day working on Phonology and Syntax :
Feel free to urinate on or around my apt.
Building today, I guess u have an excuse
thingsmyroommatesays Rachel: I have an essay due tomorrow morning....Oh, well back to tumblr.
hahaha
I'll be exhibiting at the Diversity Health Care  Job Training Expo this Saturday at the Emory Conference Center in Atlanta  it's FREE...
Love film before practice and the kids are leading the breakdown!!
Matt Kemp  beast.
First MLB game I've watched all year.
Picked a good one.
Wonder who cleans the red carpet the day after the Oscars?
Stanley Steamer maybe?
Cool.
I could use the cash.
I hope Zimmerman rots in jail
Movies with a handsome guy tonight.
:
Ms.
Flowers went all out for this test.
Good ass smoothies tho.
Thanks for helping to sponsor the 2012 CP Cal Celebration 7 last weekend!
Good times  good info!
Find a system to install that will produce the desired outcome.
let me know how it is.
Can't wait to see it, going tomorrow night.
:
Santorum spends more time talking shit than he does answering questions.
haha x you came running back!
are you wearing a bumpit?
I love watching long island medium, that lady is so crazy.
I would love to meet her one day.
I want to hate you
I love the look on people's faces when they ask what perfume I am wearing, and I get to say Someday by
Talked into starting 4HB and she lost 6 pounds already!
I tried.
but I cant get down with the coconut water.
I cant see the appeal.
maybe im missing out.
Don't forget that it's Woof Wednesday!
Save on strollers, pup heads, neater feeders, and more!
All day, every wednesday at Lofty Dog.
there's a first time for everything
I might doctorg with me to vegas in March, if so we should chill.
Thnx 4 the marble plane hanger story, it's a good one
yeaa.
some gucci man shit.
like a nike sign under your eye
Can u please follow me i love your music its amazing :
Seated far from stage at the L.A.
Coliseum in 1985.
Springsteen somehow closed the distance and made it personal.
He's amazing.
indeed we are.
Thanks for your support guys.
Welcome to all the new followers and thanks to and for shining some light on us!
My heart and tenderloin goes out to all my friends effected by the tsunami in Japan.
Especially my Wagyū homies.
Dude judgmental people 
awww you was a cutie pie
Getting pretty tired of this crappy weather in Chicago.
Need a pick me up this Monday!
Thank you!
I'm excited for what's to come
jealous..have fun!!
My father is living for this playoff game lol
sounds good to me :
Prices for styling can vary by salon.
Send us a note to  we'll follow up.
This is the most boring time of year for sports.
you going to roblox rallY?
Great prom at BCCS 
Tucker  Dale v Evil Outstanding.
Great story, perfectly paced.
Didn't lose me for a minute.
This film deserves more recognition.
7/9
my sister lives there.
she has cows in her backyard?
Thank you for the ff/shoutout!
Have a great weekend.
Comment the new pics:.
CrossCountry in the morning with GregAndyZachCooperAJ:Text if you wanna
follow back?
will i be seeing yo ass this weekend??
I've been watching you watch me.
So watch this, how about we go watch a movie and get busy?
Fresh Prince was the man.
brett favre needs 2 say he's done.that would stop all this!!
hahaha  great sweater on the dog!
what I can't believe it..
The boys are back in town, the boys are back in town!!
And yes I did just sing that!!!!!
I need new friends.
I cannot stand this negativity.
I just followed know will u plz follow me!!!!!
don't give up and never say never.
just believe that doctorams do come true if you're hard work :
Oops.
Sorry about that.
Things are beautiful if you love them.
Jean Anouilh
How dare you....
you 200th tweeted with me.
jumping on the bandwagon.
DO it!
doctoramteam : Andy Reid and his staff are doing another horrendous job of coaching today.
Awful
that moment when one the managers is singing along to the bsb in the break room and you're the only other person in the room.
mlanet12 EXCELLENT the G Hangout test for MIS business meeting went well.
:
thanks so much for the add!
Q4: It depends on how long the trip is.
I'll bring the basics for shorter trips and everything on longer ones.
I can't do this crap!!
My life is filled with bad endings and wrong starts.
don't sabotage my partner.
all those colors??????
Even the dark?
You know my favorite thing to do is make blondes into brunettes
Nice win la
Be sure to join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm!
Indulge in our delicious food  doctornk specials while competing for great prizes!
The east side is still looking gray and very windy.
We feel sorry for all those quarterbacks tonight!
Today's office debate  If you were a dog what type of dog would you be?
Why do I see antbash groupies all on my timeline.
Lol I love you!
LOL
Five blue screens of death and all dell can say with my express service code is I'll transfer you.
hey!
I never saw this picture!
: It's a good one!
Miss you Karen!
Let's have a superhero meet up again :
This Monday Groupon will be helping out !
The 10 you normally spend on lunch can feed 5 hungry people tenforfive hunger Oct1013
Spent a good few hours with Ma.
Think she was a lot more open than she's been in a long time.
Very glad we're so close to her right now.
Are u asking me?
Sometimes i dont know if this is a dm?
no, I wish was with us!
Mine and conversations 
Ok ladies and gentlemen I am signing back on and will be giving you my thoughts on the Bears game throughout the game.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and professorssional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show!
started: Sun, 23:05 PST
Big Book Publishing idea.
If you take this on, a lot of people will want to buy it.
It could be bigger that expected.
1912
Congrats!
And how cool to get it right from the workshop!
Guess nba players do ride the Metro.
Just spotted Jeff Green at the White Flint metro station
Much respect to who paid a house call to check the AC so won't come home to a hot house!
Grateful for free lunch and dinner c/o work.
I don't usually keep the tv on after Grey's.
Kind of slow?
What is needed to get into the Xfinity Live preview next week?
Excited, anticipatory vibe here at Eileen Brady's campaign party!
Results come down in 3 minutes...
Hey , thanks, I've received the last 2 texts from 2 diff ppl successfully  16 times in 3 hours.
errybody getting wild error
New Yorkers, New England Fans, you will feel right at home, try us out!
MEOW happy hairballawarness day.
Ship me with anyone famous?
:3
she walked away most likely to cry about it to her bf beiber.
imsickof Doing everything in my power to be amazing and I get shit in return.
nomoreniceBrooke NeverShouldYouEver fuck with me
Beautiful day here in LosAngeles!
No wonder settled here :
Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road.
My head hurts so much and I wanna trow up :/
South Austin Gallery taking photos by room 3.
What colour did you tell me to go?
:L 3 3
Please withhold questions until after inning ends // RT : How the hell is it only 10?
O.K., confession time.
Knowing how awesome is makes me wish I was living in Minnesota  playing at
We showcase talented people in our community.
Tell us about your project!
is the place to be Jacksonville right now!
It's The Livest Outdoor Old School Party around, if you can appreciate it!
are you coming to Pittsburgh?
: x
Is there an elephant in the room?
If not, what was that noise?
silence is the language of god, all else is poor translation.
Rumi
right, exactly.
Fried Chicken is Back Tonight!
is is going to be streamed live?
I followed
Why do I feel so bad that I'm not doing choir?
and are the best place for locals to party..
In Vegas dont u agree
but really how do you go from such a masterpiece like Teresa to El Talismanit just looks so cheap.
Poor :
Will miss you too!
Google just started a similar service to doctorpbox this week  i'd check that out
Today's the big day!
Start things off early with the Flag Raising Ceremony at 9 and the MSC Dedication at 10!
My mom finally bought me another charger !
music we do at tonites mi yodea rehearsal is in memory of my dad paul kaplan whose yahrzeit is tonite.
may it be an aliyah for his neshama.
it was a good msg :
This isn't basketball j rock..
I blame the unfollow bug...
I actually think we were following you from the beginning.
Them Ray Bans still on sale if u want them LOL
how u gone say i love sex but hate condoms in a condoms commerical???
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to all my fellow Irish peeps!!!
Zimmerman to be charged!!!!!
releases Ocean Sync v1.0 Freeware Desktop Edition to the public.
OceanSync is Hadoop Management Software which uses Hadoop API
Its a dead issue for you Kobe fans
What's good bro
When I forget my headphones 

wicked games by the weeknd
Can you help me?.Im trying to get more people to follow me lol!:
Oh gosh.
Richard Hammond is adorable
New moon on monday
For my project, I made a video and put Desiree in it!
Can't wait for the class to hear I think they'll like it
Running on 2 hours of sleep..
Great.
Shopping with my besties.
They dont make clothes for short people.
oh shit!
Ahhaha I'm so ready for this weekend lol
He is just so perfect.
Let's get it on, yeah, y'all can come along ;D
Bands in need of a myspace layout.
I am charging only 50.00 a professorssional layout.
Look at mine for an example.
I'm just glad chris brown doesn't have blonde hair anymore
reading was my highest score on the ACT
RT : RT :  bringing the hits all day!RT : relax and unwind today
doctorve around for 2 months w/ expired license.
Got clean today.
Should've had tons of fines but ended up paying 22.
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year!
Perfect reason to DL the Bartab app and save some money while getting your doctornk on tonight!
That's cool, I bought the book but still haven't had the time to read it, but I will :
All that Man Candy from last night Playoff Games got me worked up...I got to go jog or some
Bummed I'm gonna miss Clippers vs.
Knicks at MSG tonight.
Damn you CAR classyou win again.
Thanks for coming by.
Looking forward to some great posts.
Gotta have 'em all;
I had theme of rock  roll in '93, thinking it would be bar mitzvahgrunge but the place was decorated w/ White Snake posters
Apparently Notredame is going to be playing 8 on 5 tonight.
Hi everyone hope everyone is as jazzed as I am......: CCMAMA  xo
I ain't even mad...
: I got 3 pieces yesterday  they call it member communication.
Why would entrepreneurs  innovators be doctorwn 2 this message?
Our curse as humans; We don't live long enough to see the damage we cause by living too long.
i may have found my graduation doctorss!
but it's red.
is it too cliche to have the same color doctorss as your school colors??
You ROCK!
Finalizing all roles for our summer production this weekend.
Lotsa work ahead.
Might add a 4th oneact.
www.theatrecompany.biz
We have a spot open for tomm night book it and save 20!!!
Forget about parking and doctorving we'll take you in style
Watching Nova and is featured!
i kinda miss all you guys, kinda.
If you're not following you are
Geaux Lay DOWN!
Got my tempo run done at 6am, ready to conquer the day now!
OH HI
is definitely one of the hardest working, thoughtful people I know!
Ugh.
Abomination is right.....
i heard its spposed to happen between 3 or 4
I found it to be cathartic.
I guess I just related 00
don't go to Pink Cadillac
if you like tangy and tart i'll suggest pomegranate limeade.
so good!
:
Ah!
Hunger Games trailer.
Stanley Tucci!
Can't wait :
boyfriendoctorview im pretty sure you got this already but..
ITS AMAZING!!
AND ITS ON REPEAT ALL DAY: FollowMeIfYouSeeThisTweet ?
33
Just watched Breakfast Club for first time since seeing it fifteen times or so when it came out.
Oddly, still identified with the kids.
You all Rock for the RT love!
I'm so late!!!
I'm watching a scary joint w/my lil boy RT FLATIRON'ING MY HAIR  THE CURRENT MOMENT, YOU?
ikr, my mom was on 10am yesterday and today.
I dnt even wanna go now, if im not cing prince
Happy Mothers Day to my mommy !!!
: 3
when do I see you guys again!
black ice.
shiny possibilities for infinity.
and why are all these shoppers out?
this is supposed to be a recession
See, then they shouldn't have had him around all those other pretty people.
Disheveled Ruffalo?
Damn, girl.
Lol i really love my phone
Thank you for the music!
Gotta go, but see you here next week ;
I am starving for some of
Our science team confirms that all of this is true.
Thanks Tuyen!
...1 beer won't hurt?
ya :/ On julius ceaser  ancient Rome.
And one on a world war dictator.

those new Nike nfl jerseys don't even have any stitching or Anything I was shocked 2 see they were 100.
Looks like 5060 to me
you have your phone though!
Play on there :
round off double backhand spring thankya very much!
I mean I was only like 8 or something
When does 24 hour fitness close on weekends ?
Daytime we deliver as far north as downtown Mpls, but after 4pm we typically don't pass Oak Grove St.
Call 612.824.9100.
About to rock my kamels with no socks and chuck t's tomorrow oh yea ;
Once I have it together  online I'll invite criticism  revise further.
Fab Design Tip: Cut fruit tree branches and place them in water.
Enjoy the beauty of the branches then watch how blossoms appear.
you too!
Seriously.
You're bad.
so?
have you upgraded yet?
www.prodivs.com
2012, let's get it done!
I've always felt in total control of every aspect of my LIFE, but I'm learning that I cannot always be SUPERMAN.
GOD has the FINAL word!
I need to get out the bed and be productive Bestie got me on this 3 app a day thing
I'm serious!
But ahhhw man,now I remember : well,ill see ya around!
Lmfao
I am just great!!!
How are you doin???.
The challenge is to find a healthy balance between the superficial and meaningful
I just realized why Rachel Maddow and Piers Morgan are on at the same time as Sean Hannity, CNN/MSNBC decided to fight crazy with crazy.
Goodnight, before I say other regretful things.
I just got a little more Texas;
Met a lot of creative people at CreateBaltimore and came home with lots of ideas.
I have no idea what hes doing friday, im meeting him next friday, idk what hes doing after?
Can't wait to jump into the studio next week and record a few songs for a documentary!
SorryForPartyRocking:I Love !
When white kids roll up to school blasting mac miller lmao
Connect to Compete: Do Finland and Korea Connect to Compete?
What happened to the cognition of print?
Nick too mad about that stuff lol
You know it's going to be a good day when Call Me Maybe and Boyfriend play as soon as you get in the car
Failing To Plan Is Planning To Fail.
Ask For Help With Your Retirement Plan!
need to revitalize my pro twitter too!
Oh, that's awesome!
Thanks for sharing it, I'm definitely going to give it a shot.
:
Thank you for all you're support.
Together  Undivided.
We can't do it without you!
Lizard moms may prepare their babies for a stressful world
Your son cleans up nicely.
Although he is still rocking a five o'clock shadow.
its on my news feed u amateur
I am the street.
You guys should make some type of video.
:
Working on a fun proposal.
What is keeping u busy today?
Hope u take time to smell the roses along the way!
I often tell people I'm going to prey for them, and I mean it.
I leave them deer heads and what not.
I'm a good person.
maybe we need more inventors in the room?
Lots of places: curtain club, dada, all good, prophet, adair's, etc...
mostly deep ellum.
Yeah but I'm a businessman.
Meek Mill is gonna do it big for doctorke's concert on the 22nd  then hit up the Longbranch for his after party 
what pedals do you use on listen to your love?
They sound perfect
Merry Christmas everyone and a happy new year 3
...They do it to get a crown that will not last; but we do it to get a crown that will last forever.
1Corinth 9:25 Your crown is eternal
someone remind me why I chose to go to a CHARTER school..
We're back!!!
See you tonight!
We'll be in section 84 with our friends from Tack Back Our Yard.
School is a bitch.
8 out of the 85 enrolled students showed up to this class...makes me wonder why I'm here...
Howie Kendoctorck out for the year
At this Holiday Season we remember and honor those who are no longer with us and cherish those who are....
Will Ferrel and Usher on SNL tonight.
Omg 
Definitely!
We'll be doing another naming sometime in mid to late May for 2.
Might be a good excuse!
ok I've got it!
Eager to read, hope to start tonight.
22 years I've lived in Seattle but my books are set in Louisiana.
much love friend
Why don't you go to westside anymore?
me too, but next month ill be taking voice lessons i love singing, even tho I'm bad at it i still wish i had Ari's voice:
Why SEA over KC, when KC already has arena?
Market size?
Singing Rascal Flats songs with my mom 
Blazer fans, subject to final approval, basketball is back!
NBA players  owners reach tentative deal early this a.m.
My 2 1/2 year old son just said Its AL...
there's 2 AL's
I have about 810 photos to upload hopefully tomorrow!
So jealous!
Bring me back
back at Delirium for a 2nd night...
met some welcoming people there, so I wasn't just some creeper at the bar tonight.
If you owe the bank 100 that's your problem.
If you owe the bank 100 million, that's the bank's problem
got tickets to see you in Belfast !
SO EXCITED!
missed you last time so now i cannot wait!
olly olly olly....OI OI OI ; xo
not until tomorrow
oh well thats too bad...
But have fun and your welcome :
Thank you.
You're a critical source of climate/aviation/markets news for me.
Our hearts go out to Steve Jobs family.
What an inspiration to us all!
thanks for following us and supporting
anything can make us look, only art can make us see.
Awkward moment when my friend tells me, I never would have thought you were a virgin...
what?
Am I a slut or something?
oops.
: Love twitter porn.....
facts you would ya freak
United facing SA Madison or SA East Central next round after defeating San Benito 2417.
Madison leading East Central late in the game.

but can i get a mention though
Kayla has quite an imagination lol
if you a player i guess im the coach
How can Cinco de Mayo and the Kentucky Derby end up on the same day?
That's a lot of doctornking to accomplish.
Which one are u celebrating?
We have ms of Woman in White...no Moonstone though, alas.
And Wilkie likely got poor marks in penmanship!
what have you been sniffing !
Lol!
Gotta start somewhere!
bothering the little Chinese boy
Such a fun team too boomcity population ...
lol dont deny you stayed trippin but you never fell
Panelists will begin reviewing applications at 10:00 EDT in Indiana Government Center South Conference Room C.
this is making me sick
Anybody have a nail clipper?
Going once...Going twice?
: lol!
Right!
Sorry Wiz for your loss.
my mama showing sympathy lol !
I need him and love 3
I miss you already :
ThatCamp should be more like sleep away camp conversations into the wee hours.
And s'mores.
raw10 this cop stopped me Walkin n he was crosseyed.
then i found he wasnt even stopping me but sum1 else.

Eh, maybe ...
do you need starting pitching that bad?
Are there any studies or articles about Apple's organizational and management practices?
Love to learn more about how they manage people.
We're looking for an editor!!
If you are an editor in the St.
Louis area and are fluent in Spanish we'd love to hear from you!
please follow me please follow me
Ha!
I think a lot of folks are surprised....how are you my friend?
Counting down :
Can you explain why Hillis only got 10 carries?
I'm completely baffled.
I am shocked by ignorant remarks about Jeremy Lin.
Everyone knows that Harvard is known for its endowment.
Just got new wholesale rehab deal, Addoctorss is 4751 SW 5 St, Miami, FL  Wholesale price is 110k.
CASH ONLY.
Won't last.
Let me know
heyy ive been wondering for a while what happen to you doing OLLG?
You would know it lol.
Thanks, though!
this is not okay
Sorry!
I was watching Wrestlemania 28 Luv ya still!
:
Day 2 of being cold outside
Que chingon.
Oye , what kind of watch is that?
Working on your taxes?
Come sit at the bar and avoid them for a while with us!
It's raining really hard and I'm gonna die.
Omg.
Gonna die.
Help.Me.
help TexasWeather wtf mybabykittyisoutsideallbyhumself :
It's just that is so so right.
haha well yeah those guys definitely didn't get any of this so they can't blame me for that lol

hey i think its very nice of you to walk away from something that has a lot of doctorma ..
From one Son of Abraham to another...
RIP MCA.
thanks!
You put me in with some good company!
What do yopu do?
Every day I go to the MaxFun site to see if there's a new episode of International Waters.
And every day I am sad.
:
Klout  we've all got it
I am no.godess
I think that offices with doors are much more conducive to getting serious work done.
Fewer distractions.
thanks for the willingness to update my professorle pic.
I had to run, but it was good to see you, hope we have more time next time.
welcome back:
Watching to see where will play football next year.
Excited to work with him on building his brand in the NFL.
Grad Night at Disneyland AND Disney California Adventure!
for what?
: I juzz miss you is all :D
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday!!!!!
RT : I want to start a National Read To Childoctorn Day.
The date is every day of the year.
Not at all, Annie.
No more silly than me to ask WWR, How much do you pay?
I am SO jealous of all these cinco de mayo festivities 
so cute
At least Obama had the integrity to remember eating dog.
Jays hand Rangers 2nd loss in row
that is what I want  potential to analyze in context of previous readings.
hey, so I could steal your notes.
ha
Dude!
Did I miss the zombie sombrero tea party brunch?!?
Metta playing great D, Bynum  D LEAGUE
I love beating Scott at Scrabble!
After seeing recaps of the game, no longer bummed I didn't see the BCS Championship.
Pumpkin Ale already?
that could be most useful for cottage weekend
come out for a beer..
At Nyack Pourhouse on Main St.
No way my friend!
Finally figured out what the rancid smell was in the work fridge.
You're welcome coworkers.
You was playing games
Sun is out Seattle.
We have great items for your outdoor lunch.
101 Stewart  1st Ave near Pike Place Market
I think I know that guy!
how many points do the Heels lose by tonight?
Friends reruns until 3am are going to be the death of me!
Bronx NY, how bout u ?
It's the final countdown!
Last day of the NRAShow.
Come by booth 6825 for a Chicago style dog, and make your stomach happy!
heading to the airport with : so excited but man is there a lot of traffic!
Nothing's Ever Built To Last .
what does HOP mean?
Probably not a coincidence that the word I one letter, and the word we  two ..
DUDE.
I WAS!
Oh man.
Something doesn't feel right when you have an insane week of work, and more than 1/2 the office is gone on holiday vacation..
Happy Friday everyone!
Any must see Rockshows going on this weekend?
Keep us posted!
the hot spot is the good spot at CV...electro,funk,soul at it's best thinks to dj moma!!
Watching ridiculousness ..
Dude its so fuckin funny lmao
RT!
if u cant stand fake people
OMG Ramona and Beezus is my favorite!!!
That movie is so good!!!!
Headaches from brainstorming ..
I cnt understand this situation
what was yr name again?
:
I remember meeting a while ago.
New York is a lot of fun!
Hope you are well
I'm not sure how a coach is supposed to stop an asshole fan from contacting a player.
not sure how that works.
not 'chillin' but 'chilling'
U trippy mane?
Nag Champa is an Indian fragrance, commonly found in incense, soaps, perfume, and candles.
I hate riding buses
The full announcement should be coming on the 15th.
iloveitwhen you Are super nice to your fans I LUV YOU 333 BUT THIS WONT GET RTD BUT OH WELL ,
Soul train for
Good Night
At bk so fun..taking lil girl to girl scouts at 630
Can't argue with that!
RT : No zoo compares to the San Diego zoo.
everyone call 18888367603 and vote for tad 3
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US!
UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM.
MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS...
when you look in the mirror, don't focus on your flaws...
focus on your beauty.
But Davis has a chance to transform that team.
MKG could easily end up there, too, if Bobcats fall out of top spot.
If it happens again, I'm visiting another high school instead
Dear Mittens, you are a piece of shit.
I don't favor your Mormon ass being anywhere near my rights or the rights of the ones I love.
The irs did exactly the same kinds of paper manipulation FRAUD in the lawyer's case as in ours, EXCEPT n ours they made death threats w/guns
Scott Walker even lies to the people who give him big bucks.
He's like a hooker who says, You were the best ever.
ohh you just got back from college?
Yeah I can tell you've gained like 15 pounds.
thanks for the mention of our paper
Yes we are.
Go Rangers!!
: Kiss my ass detroit TEXASRANGERS are gonna lay down the law on you tonight!
uh..yeah..
Let's focus on heckling 8th place Liverpool.
Shall we?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs The question is how do you stop doctorw brees?
You must first get to him
This morning, listened to John Maxwell's minute, I have a new persepective on Harmony, Thanks John
that reporter deserved a punch
Good one.
I don't like coach Kelly.
Idkw but I do.
She said I wasn't committed enough this year and thats why she cut me.
Grigoriy Burtayev  YouTube tired off me...
and Facebook, and GoogleFace.
They wanna Resign its game
Nerds n Dorks gettin ripped.
I'm a secret nerd!
Penny Stock lovers I really see  APRO.PK  really taking off this week..
get it NOW
has live tweeted political stuff, road rallies, OccupySD
HEADS UP!
Belt Parkway closed due to flooding, both directions  Bay 8th street
Thanks promise RT : S/O to one of my favorite producers and close friend Happy Birthday!!!!
Hey, thanks for following.
If my dad knew what the internet was, he'd be totally bummed that Levon Helm died.
says homework is to try Google Hangouts for community engagement.
Any chance you can help me secure Keith Ferazzi for our show?
Honestly though, my mom'lls til believe your mom over me
but I can't!
your dms aren't working!!?
Get it girl.
286b3b98  add me on bbm if you like no weridos
ya he wanted to go last year but we missed it..
and just saw an ad for it at Walmart
I can't thank you enough for the help with my boy the rapper!
you guys rock the promos!
All levels of education should be free in Jamaica so that not only rich people pickney get opportunities to learn and lead.
We will find out tomorrow.
Hauling water for last week, very firstworldproblems complaint though.
bitches need to know when to
Goldie video is best video of 2012.
Hip hop classic,that Money Ain't A Thang.
Timeless feel.
Shit changed my life for the better.
Wishing all students a great first day back after Spring Break!
Debating on actually going to the caf by myself..
Usually don't, but i am just hungry as can be..
Love your FABULOUS new monniker!
Just remember..
I'm one of a kind  you'll never find another like me.
Everything's coming up Koyaanisqatsi.
Thankss , I fuck wit yours too
Fourth cup!
All I can think about is how much you loved me since I was a little girl you been holding my hand and showing me how to be strong thanks God
I'm bored mike....
Another beautiful day wasted at work :' Catch me laterr.
Right when I though someone liked me...
He doesn't why would he who ever does NEVER!!
I'm done
Man, I ain't EVEN tryin' to take the dog out right now.
Ain't even tryin'.
My bad, says thousands of  need to read closer
Getin that am start here in Montana baby
it sure is!
what's your favorite flavor?
Completely unhelpful Toni is like a glass of water that has been left standing a long while.
So...
DvL
Just tried a Chai Tea latte for the first time from USC's RTH cafe...its absolutely delicious!!!
looking for a unique way to look at holiday lights on the canals?
join us 4 one of our holiday light tours starting nov 26th!
im bout to be famous!!!
:
We'd LOVE to but all attempts to visit have been rebuffed.
Which makes brewers instantly less attractive.
:
You Know It, Fam.
All Day
whatcha listening to?
Late Night tweets made my night So Much Better hahaha!
Hurray!
I'm going to court today to fight a speeding ticket , wish ne luck .
I didn't speed.
Crooked north town police.
im patient when it comes to my music
Up and can't sleep.
lookin forward to it
tnla12 Get out of the library and build relationships in your community
I hope so!
: 4 day bender?
Great weather and sports all week.
To be 22 again!
party like its 1999!!
Legendary year...
the sellers or buyers?
And how public is that info?
I can see this going badly and being misunderstood if too specific w/
Wonderful people, wonderful wedding.
So happy for Kevin and Chelsea!!!
:
You are NOT.
You're gazing into a terrier's eyes.
; XO
Thanks, I appreciate that!
Julia is gonna be here in a half hour and im still in bed.
Thank you as well Scott!
For friendship and excellent tweets
lol he was being so stupid I was only talking to him for like 5 min then I went back home :
Just met Topher Grace.
Cool dude!
hey, whats going on
Let's be clear on this...: My chocolate debate cupcakes are in the oven.
And they are all winners.
db8
What are you rebelling against, Johnny?
What've ya got?
Thanks to the for the follow!!!
Great Food by the way!
Woah, all 8 episodes of I Hate LA are now on YouTube?!
Sweet!
Check them out!
rocks!!
The MLB Fan Cave needs a replica of me.
that's Marty's 12 year old daughter he mad Hugo for
let me get a cup of that OJ!!!
We can print your logo on anything, pretty much.
Stick out, be remembered.
It's what we do.
that looks awesome
What y'all gettin into tonight!
How do scaredycats answer the phone?
Yellow?
SantaconEl Clasico this Saturday,5 work days left for the rest of the yearwinter is here aka perfect turbo weather for the Audi
That's awesome!
13thingsilove consecutive days off :D
compelling is how I would describe after watching it.
lmao u can!!
u lying
Just saw Doug McDermott at target so obviously I asked him to teach me how to dougie and looked at his girlfriends butt
bar run
Science Cafe edition on the Sound of Ideas this morning.
We're talking about radiation risks and rewards join us!
my head says leave but my heart says stay
Now serving MIMOSAS every weekend, starting this Saturday!
Really sad I couldn't go to alamw12 w/ ...will comfort self by plotting a trip to
Just because you knew me..
don't mean you know me..
pretty good just bored as we speak
we are just awesome like tht
It's my Day Off!!
Wtf Am I Gonna Do Today!
sure thing!
This broad at Taco Bell is STUPID!
She's ruining my great day!
I did today.
Hunting for Turkey.
Well, more like napping and eating candy bars with nature.
FF Shout outs to Have a happy  productive Friday
why u so sexy?
I hate callin women bitches.
Most women hate it.
But too tha ones who love it.
.
.
.
.
.
Wus up BITCHES!!!!!!
Call and request Beautiful Thing on your local radio stations!
Waiting for my son to get home.
It will be good to see him again!
Happy April Fool's Day!
Holla back at ya!
shut up abby.
thanks for coming out to tweetup  great to meet you!
coming up to FortWorth for Txla13?
It Has To Be A Joke!!Lol
Hope you are right.
We need consistency
ii naaa!
Well, you guys need it with that heat.
It's going to be above 80 for the first time this year in Seattle.
I'm ready!
3
I'm an Etsy fan.
So many beautiful handmade items.
We'd like to welcome back associate editor Zach DuFresne!
I'm so hungry.
indianaplis eifs companies, indianapolis eifs repair, indianapolis stucco contractors, indianapolis stucco companies, indianapolis stucco
got an applause break on saying the word walmart.
Ventura Harbor is awesome!
Ah.
I'm guessing a Buffy thing?
I only watched enough Buffy to realize I didn't care for it.
misterRoth...
Thanks for the follow
Marco Estrada is so bad
Put Batch in ASAP.
Love Ben, but he is not helping us.
Lets Git R Done
You may be confusing me with
let's guitar this mofo.
Fog, clouds...when did Encinitas turn into London?
American Citizens can now be arrested for NO reason, and be detained with NO trial for ANY amount of time!
different approach to personalization: persontoperson interactions, if done right can even scale 
amazing finale to thewalkingdead  michonne, welcome aboard!
the show needed you!
can't wait for season 3!
You know where I live just text me anytime!!
I'm coming back on on Sunday
Upset I missed
yes ma'am baby!
Monday!
You think it would have changed the vote?
checks TL for a link to moby..has an interesting audio file...
Show me that
Shot out to all them hoe ass niggas out there ..........
Somebody got to bee the bitch nigga .
Lol
Sometimes, it takes a good fall to really know where we stand.
Just heard the 1st thunder of the year.
AHO!
Yes...but that does not mean you do not make an effort if you don't like the subject.
Vote for dalila!!!
Because she's pretty hahahha MADE MY FRIKEN DAY!!!
Mo tonight!
Give me my bone marrow butter and pinot noir.
Detective Latchkey 5by5 Episode.
John, what bag r u using for your MacBook Air 11 Kind thanks.
Yay!!
I'll leave my moose at home!
you should change your last name to a different homonym.
you should change it to Cristina WHY!?!?!
You have both :
Something about your body girl just gives me directions ...
Heh.
For federal tax purposes, my business is a Disregarded Entity.
Pretty much says it all, doesn't it.
FF she is so beautiful so sweet, so nice, so amazing and incredible she's gorgeous ;
Sugar Bowl Virginia Tech 30 vs Michigan Wolverine
Message us your questions!
go over where?
Megan's confused!
I would leave my running shows at school .
Thanks you, I appreciate that.
I'm hoping the for the same :D
I hate wenpeople tweet Sumn STUPID .
An MLK article inspired me to watch the movie Gandhi, which inspired a great doctoram last night, which inspires me to say...
I think you should invest in a pair or 3!
Lol
Check out GalTime Atlanta on facebook!
Search for GalTime Atlanta and go ahead an like us.
Cool new content and updates everyday!
Street cleaning for the sidewalk.
Looking forward to the AL conference in our home town of Boston, March 24 to 27.
We will be there with our books!
just maybe restrict your usage to web sites/email as to not disturb the ol' ATT
the overwhelming evidence of the Bible says you can't, I.e.
Phil 1:6, Eph 1:13, John 17:12.
Apologizing does not always mean u or the other person is wrong it just means you value ur relationship more than ur ego.
The Madness will continue tonight!
Perfect night for outside TV!
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.
Albert Camus
My parents LOVE to keep stuff from me..
To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see.
Im pretty sure eating candy before bed isnt a good idea, but..
idgas.
Yom Kippur is just around the corner...
Have you reserved your Break Fast meal?
give me a sec to take a look at that.
So you're a pretty big deal, haha, everyone is so excited about you communicating with your fans: Thank you!
: A boyfriend shouldn't just be a boyfriend.
To have it happier and more worthwhile, they should also be your very best friend.
If you act like you don't know me now,don't be surprised if I don't seem to know you later.Deal?
Low blood sugar can cause childoctorn to have symptoms similar to ADD/ADHD symptoms and sometimes is misdiagnosed as ADD/ADHD.
how about infantatarms?
one of his best songs
Just Got A Skype!
:
Chris Bosh went to the vet and they said he's out indefinitely
hot coffee tastes so much better on crisp mornings
it's brotha man!
Thanks for my liking my page Harmony, Austin, and John!
:
Tigers down one, 65.
It sure is good to see Ryan Rayburn come through for his teammates.
Go !!!
i don't mean to brag, but i know every word on license to ill
Sarah, Alyssa, and Angela
Manning.
Luck.
Imagine if they hadda kept Elway.
Some curse.
We are NOT who our past say we are..
Just got back from the meet.
Was all excited to see Gomez play at Kane County on Tuesday before finding out it is a 11 AM game.
Who goes to those?
hey joel , how are you thanks for following me !
;D
congrats!
what level is spice rays?
you're too kind.
Rubbermaid goodness in the kitchen or the outdoor writing space  who would've thought?
That's awesome that you met Kathleen and Janet!
First person to solve an upcoming word scramble wins 4 tickets to opening night of Summerfest...
tweet with your answer!
honored: FF Awesome photographers edition: 
Live life like if its yo last
good greek food!
FF  she's beautifully amazing inside and out.
And because she's my bestie.
Tell me what you think!
www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Straw Poll.
What's the Bourbon to use in a Mint Julep?
Is Memphis on your schedule SOON?
STOP TELLING GOD HOW BIG UR PROBLEMS ARE.
AND START TELLING UR PROBLEMS HOW BIG YOUR GOD IS!
TRAFFIC: West Washington Ave  Regent Street  RR Crossing  car hit the RR Crossing Pole
I miss you too!!
I can't wait for our adventures this summer haha
I am picking up the keys at woodley park apt on wed of next week!
the best is better I leave you red over green like a fredy sweeter
starting my brother on PHD tomorrow after several LC paleo failures due to compliance.
How much fruit is rec'd?
Due to your great taste in t.v.
shows, you shall be followed, lol.
:
Looks great!!!
Bout to take flight...
...
up,UP,and AWAY!!!
Went for a long walk yesterday.
Happy holidays everyone!!!
what happened to it and im soo srry i hope u can fix it and i can make u one if u want me to
www.hrjobboard.com
that is cool :
lol so I'm right right?
thanks for tweet.
Crowdfunding is growing and we're here to help those in need and want.
Pay it forward
Next week ONLY, become a Gold Card member for only 7.99!
Just mention you saw it on Twitter or Facebook!!
NO ONE will understand my deep love for Lucky Charms 3
They need as many as they can get.
They call them Lob City but they are Brick City from the foul line.
what's a life long hockey fan have to do to get NY Goon premier tickets, which happens to be 5 days after my birthday?
Did you know that Facebook,Apple,Google,Dell, combine employs less people tham GM on the 80's..Ouch!!!!!!
those bum ass niggas is the ones in the second round hahha
Permanently, painfully inspired by Andoctor Kertész's Distortions series
Had a yard sale to raise  for the Ride to Empower in Red Rock Canyon, NV Oct.
2225.
Visit networkofstrength.org/ride to join the CO team.
So what part of Mexico are you from??
Um........
Miami hahaha
yes, let's grab a coffee tomorrow!
SPRINGBREAK is here Gettin Intune!
I'm Bout To Crank Up TECHNO
its cool, jus keep ya ass home n try ta make 2g's cuz
Can't tell you how proud I am of you!
As an actor/filmmaker, I feel like you busted down some major doors.
Congrats :
Y'all tripping off of Meta worldpiece but world b free was the first NBA player to do that
saw her ..
Crazy !
i really want austin mahone to come to Minnesota SO Bad.
I'd Do Anything Just To See Him3
Just got some tests from my photoshoot w/ CK Photography.
Given that it was on Cinco de Mayo  Supermoon night, they're NOT that bad.
Haha!
Good job, Hoosiers!
Today im like mom I have a boyfriend nd shes like is he cute?Let me see him!
then i showed her a pic of Austin she thought he was cute;
good work homie!
I need to feel better so my weekend plans aren't ruined
Despite recent struggles, Tiger has finished in top 6 over last 7 appearances at the Masters.
Imma show u how to make ur man say OH!!
lol :
doctorveIncubus nowplaying 
I need to find a new job!!!!!
whose hosting ?
ivealwayswantedto Fight zombies with Questions by System of a Down playing really loud in the background.
HEY BOO WAT UP BLOW DAT KUSH LIKE A CANDLE
I did try several times on the computer and iPhone.
However I believe we are good to go.
I just posted!
Thanks for fixing it!
I don't make the rules!!!
I just remind people they exist P missyou btw!
There is not one team that I am confident about this weekend.
Maybe Baltimore
can we start and official campaign to bring in vladimir guerrero now?
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
I'm not even an Obama fanboy and I'm irritated at how retarded that logic is.
what are you saying?
epic fail?
the metaphor works up to the point he got blown away
All of this Weeden is old talk makes me sad.
He is my age.
Not for nothing, let me get a look  you.
We graduate so soon :
My texting speed automatically increases when I'm angry.
I hope all these folks pushing means tested on this would be willing to support a graduated income tax.
her informed response
I Guess thats why I get a funny feeling inside When I lick between your thighs O:
give a break!
Your a was hang in out, and melissa bared her chest bones.
Why do u always 1up everyone?
Me too.
I wonder if there are some people who just have no idea how much perfume they're wearing.
Happy Boxing Day!
So there was apparently a bomb threat in the bathroom today Devin.Anne3
Nope  Rick Santorum
RT MY breath is corrupt, my days are extinct, the graves are ready for me.
Job 17:1
Boning up on National History Day rules for exhibits, which I'm judging today.
I'm excited  nervous; prob how students feel this am, too!
on 60minutes was amazing.
Such an inspiring story all around, and especially for tennis.
Where did you get that list?
Wouldn't mind having it handy as I knock on doors.
someone talk to me i dont wanna be single anymore
i see haha
In Chicago for GreenBuild 2010!
Bring on the Green 
Friend: Shares a bag of chips ..Best friends: Eats them all, then gives you the empty bag You can have the rest.
J.
Cole  Never Told ..
were going to
I miss living across the street from Starbucks.
Its like a relationship you still love and want but know you can't easily have.
I'm turning into that.
If you haven't seen Red Tails yet go  check it out this weekend!
Answers and solutions are coming at heinz field as we adjust the lens and vision.
I might be about top have a niece or nephew.
Ah!
Can't believe them two.
never heard of it but sounds good
Cutie pie Jonathan Taylor Thomas turns 30 today.
I can't believe he's 30.
Makes me feel old.
Steve Jobs revolutionized the world, his contributions to how we live are immeasurable.
RIP!
FloridaRestaurantShow is coming up soon.
Need embroidered polos for your team?
Printed tees 4 giveaways?
Call us at 8772449913!
Coffee Caucasian , lmao.
love you !
Modern Love makes everything better.
Be careful to live your own life.
The time you spend following someone else you're missing out on your own.
You could probably make it with white chocolate and a bit of raspberry syrup.
Not super chocolatey though.
Song after Song !!
Genius  just submitted last eve on your website.
Excited to hear when it's up :
: Childoctorn, if your middle aged dad tries to walk out the front door in skinny jeans  stop himNot a good look.
and vice versa!
As President, how would you ensure that the 10th Amendment is being properly recognized and implemented by the federal gov't?
99 of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Spoiler alert: he's been spotted checking out phone cards at a 711.
Join us tonight for a mighty musician Kevin James.
The place to be in the Village!
I better get something good this weekend.
I barely shit in the house this year.
NP.
Will try and get out there.
Really glad the movement is taking root in DC.
Omg Ur so cute!
my cats just figured out catnip.
it's a mix of running, pouncing, rolling, and noises.

GM to build 200 million stamping plant..reut.rs/wqr80P  Wow..
and they have all of these empty plants setting idle.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 38
those hats are turrrrrrible
Y my friend be chasing that high???
Let it come to u!
haha...
Hey, my voodoo doll worked.
Kendall Marshall  broken wrist.
Though, i wouldn't wish real injury on anyone.
Just losses.
I just text those lyrics to my mom.
She's going to tell me to go to bed
We're so glad you did!
Hope to see you next year!
For all news and updates about the Texas Rowing Championships follow
where were the earthquakes?!
The aging Boston Celtics will get a break in the second round.
Home court advantage against the 8th seeded Sixers.
Why can't Siri send a txt on a schedule, like Send Lindsay a txt at 7:15 tomorrow morning re: remember the check.
RT : Follow Elle Fanning An amazing actress, truly sweet person, and good friend of mine!
FRESH OUTTA NEW YORK!
the name haha
Holy spinning heel kick
Majority of Dems and independents are in favor of same sex marriage  he's not going to win many GOP votes anyway.
Adding this abbreviation to my arsenal: ik!r?
Ut oh, bartenders know my first name  the bar....
and it's not Norm!
propermarketing or
i'm going to set up a flickr account as well; can i follow your photostream there once i do?
Stuck in the Mountains
I miss having someone to complain to!
we 3 you!
Disregard any suspicious private msg from this account.
hacked changingpassword :/
Club poppin dirty bass girls doctorppin
Yes, , can we get a shout out for levilowrey?
please?
I dont spend energy making irrelevant people relevant....
I miss my girlfriend o y'all thought I was single LMAO :0
He's a ribald novel boy, I'm a dirty limerick girl.
Ours is a forbidden love.
Great.
My film is almost done.
Just a few more things in post left to do!
miss u too :D
I ate too much rice and now my stomach hurts
He loves all of his angels :
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
Lol can't wait to see get Punk'd :
Gotta make a doctorAppt!!
Think i got Dylans interear inffection!:0 J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
Hey Charlotte, nice city  great people
New day..big moves.stay motivated
I love your pic
Q1 Not much of a gamer.
I did enjoy playing pinball when I was young...Okay, I still enjoy playing pinball.
I've never been one for love.
HotSpot...I'm chillin'..getting ready for a brewski..I think its Beer thirty...
White House and its GOP allies defended the president for not disclosing intelligence that Osama bin Laden wanted to hijack U.S.
airplanes.
Not at all.
There are 19 year olds there, and it's all rubric based.
Plus, Manna from SLA is older than me.
RT : A lot of DM's saying somebody is posting horrible things about you...
This evening we pray for all our members and friends who are facing sickness
if Lebron missed those shots like Kobe everyone would be talking shit..
So I am too about Kobe
Butler to the A10.
Great move!
Choripan and tequila at Cinqo de Mayo in Austin, TX  hot.
Thank you!
:D I hope your tooth is feeling better!
catching up on about 1 1/2 months worth of the office...opps.
One Direction's gunna be on iCarly for my birthday.
Being at the airport makes me miss my fam.
Family is the most important thing in the world to me.
Nothing will ever change that.
haha wow I'm surprised you aren't asleep
I love your life!!!
Whitneyhayes.net registeritbeyootch!!
For sure, we have a dev center in Austin, so it's our home turf.
Meet up then?
RT : Seriously, now that the mining bill is dead, aren't all the mining symbols on the flag false advertising?...
this weekend, someone thought I said taco kampf when I really said
Hit my neighbors trash can 2x already and it only 1043
For the 44th district of MD, issue 1 has always been jobs.
Very close 2, schools.
which was obviously followed up with, it was Col.
Mustard, in the Library, w/the knife??...
I'm a one woman type of girl.
I've grown and matured and running through random females is not me.
Ready to settle bak down!
But but but I'm a techie, going to a tech conference!
How am I supposed to I code without coffee?
cries
This cold has made me sick to my stomach
Thanks Michelle
The Scarlet Poop.
last night first singing gig in a year, sang with uptown jazz...
very cool Gershwin, Porter, Berlin
Confining pigs in crates stirs complaint from Humane Society
: They Don't Call Them FunBaggs For Nothing!
; i usually call them bait
Today was a good day :D
that Dunk Contest was garbage
Sorry to here
The only time I won't want you next to me in bed will be when our daughter has a nightmare because she'll need her Daddy.
Pretty sure is a partner with YouTube.
Idk if that helps
good night
so true.
I had no mentorship or real direction in my first PR job.
It was just here's what you need to do, figure out the rest.
There always is someone at the college party that is so energetic that they're either on something, or forgot to take something.
School yearbooks from War Relocation Centers!
I repeat, so much untapped genealogy info.
I hate being the first one awake....
30 night for most....
21 for some of you....
Nonetheless, another winning day and another HUGE RED CARPET WINNER!
See you tomorrow!
cool, always love your comments :
Good luck coach!!
I'll be watching!!
thanks for following me!!
:D followed you guys too!!!
Lose weight with proper diet and exercise
There's a lot happening this weekend in Miami: MiamiBoatShow CoconutGrove Art Fair Wynwood Art Fair.
Get out and enjoy!
Hey I'm staying outside NYC for a few more weeks.
If you're around, would be great to grab coffee  meet in person.
love what?
Lol
I'm with you there.
I think I've had 2 doctorpped calls in 7 months.
Had many times that daily on ATT...
Watching a movie:
Its important to doctornk water after a massage to maintain your hydoctortion levels
SWEET!
RT : Goodbye And boys : Springfield or bust!
this is all your fault 'I Believe I Can Fly'
RT : Anyone ever seen this movie called Zack  Marie makes a porno ??
Lmao its hilarious
that soulmate revelation occurs 2 min after the signing bonus is received.
Its a miracle!
AMEN!
Do I have to get up and live like an adult today?
I'd rather not.
Our personal power is found in the force of our thoughts ?
it is our real strength
I just got hissed at by a person.
That's a first!
respect is like pussy, everybody dont get it because everybody aint worth it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
:3 you guys are really awesome
Childoctorn will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.
Fuck these fake ass pacer fans..
yall really just HeatHaters smh find a Damn team n stick wit em
You can't be telling the nofilter truth!
Wow!
A 5 billion IPO filing by Facebook?
Can anyone really fathom just how much money that really is?
Occupy Parrish Street
Oh YEAH?
You think YOU lack sex appeal?
Lately all the chicks I meet are maneuvering me into their Words With FriendsZone.
This game is nuts
my friends used to call me a clown so I found a deeper meaning, A clowns job is to make people happy but no one seesthetearsof1
Fall says she was all in for race but is throwing her full support behind Barrett, says shared goal is to recall Walker.
Will you please be nice and wish my friend Rosie a happy birthday?
:
you are a great inspiration if you go on my page and look and biography your one of my inspirations you tell us never give up
WE WILL
I'm definitely losing it.
I just cried a little at the end of the movie Babe.
A.
Grow up, Meesch.
B.
Get it together, Meesch.
times up.
yo.
homeward bound.
Fuck u rangers
Tonight is not my night...
found your debit card last night on Sanchez Street.
Please tweet me back.
NW Expressway  Reno to north  south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west / RT : What's your delivery area?
what it do??
Whats poppin tonight?
big bone?
Haha
I cant believe that I called that Rod Barajas home run.
I didn't tell anybody.
But I called it.
Star, tell me!
do you think doctor Murray should be facing murder changes or he just happen to be a very stupid doctor!
ask an attendant for a CharlieCard or find them literally scattered on the ticket machines thingsthatshouldbemoreorganized!
I'm in the strip club throwing yesterdays money You in the same club throwing other niggas money
I didn't know you were in partnership with The Good Bike Project.That's pretty awesome cause those guys are cutting edge.
Gumball Head is now on tap at The Rigby!
I really really wish I had someone that told me how much I meant to him.
ASk him!
RT : Hm I wonder if I could get to let me have a look ;P
how about the fact that in their careers, MJ still has more FG attempts than Kobe...what does that say about MJ?
: Watch out world there's another Jaye...AND SHE LOVES JESUS TOO!
enjoyed lunch with you.
Chat soon :.
lwlforum11
GET IT RememberTrust
I don't think my arms have ever been this sore before.
4 days now.
oh wow that's cool I never had a twitter made for me:
Today  Pretending to live the life becomes The Life.
En route to the vineyard, wine glass in hand.
NCAA Football starts in 4 days.
Join us on Thursday 9/3 for great matchups like Villanova vs Temple and Oregon vs Boise State!
I'm gonna be in asia tomorrow.
weird!
Just back from two weeks off the grid.
Anything new happen while I was gone?
;
Likewise!
I'll be there  hope to meet live at SXSW.
hi :D could you give me any acting/modeling tips for an upcoming actor/model?this would really mean alot to me :D 3
awesome pic.
Is that in your apartment?
Looks super cute!!
yeah, I'm not taking the next act.
I'd like to just get through the sat first
Indoor water in winter sick...I feel like crap..ugh.
nothing just watch disney channel
My debt to you, Belovèd, Is one I cannot pay In any coin of any realm On any reckoning day.
Jessie B.
Rittenhouse
This time tomorrow I plan to be making eye contact w
lol bad built is the new sexy: look at keenth his shoes leaning n this sub boring 
PutHoeInTheTitle Law  Order: Special Hoes Unit
Dude, I think your twitter got hacked.
We broke 7,000 words on the novel tonight.
Time for a doctornk.

discover shows top stories in your world more and more personalized with engagement
I ve been watching House M.D.
since it first aired in 2004, and I can safely say that last night s Risky Business  was a stea
Listening to while dwelling in my own misery.
Breakups suck and I'm really getting sick of this.
Taylor Phinney crash  ouch!
Hit me up on fb n follow me on twitter
take me with you, i start to miss you.
I see you Cincinnati
Thinking about my septum ?.
Hi!
Compare a Dell 1520 Inspiron Battery, we are 59.99 inc Shipping vs BatteriesPlus at 80.99  Shipping.
Try Us!
keys are no longer 'extensional' literal values or platform specific guids.
LinkedData replaces those relics with Hyperlinks.
History's most famous genius had a point: It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
Einstein
RT : DFMchat today is about tweeting in journalism.
Let's see how many Sky News rules we break at noon ET
Thanks!
We're excited!
there's only 8 more days till my party how excited are you I'm really excited
it sucks!
Then I get home and take a long nap and I stay upp late again :/
omg ur like professorle pic thing is so cool like the background!
its really pretty!
bahah were where you!?
bahah :
or  One of them will be Voted Best New Artist of the Month and Go On To the Finals against
thank you!
I wanna see I wanna see
she doesn't!
NOBODY UNDERSTANDS!
How many hrs u work a day?
Service Recommendations for an 11yo with aspergers in WashingtonDC?
autism please advise
Just because college isn't my thing doesn't make me a scumbag dad.
I'm making bank, so fuck off.
I KNOOW!
I CAN'T WAIT:
woo!!
I'm going to London this fall to visit , so now I'll have a gorgeous map to help me navigate!
Tonite  80 St Marks Place NYC: Triangle Shirtwaist Fire play performed by The Actors Company Theatre.
Tix still available!
Best iPad calendar app?
Tired of the native app not storing my past events...what do you use?
Lean doctorams video ?
SWEET.
Awesome box of records.
Just pulled out some Hot Chip and QTip let's see what's next.v

timpanos restaurant with friends!
doctor Phillips Florida.
I need to get out of this house!
Been here all day!!
Dentist time, and I strongly dislike the smell.
im not going to the roller jam tonite
Back in the USA.
Aw Aidonia always put me in the mood...Reggae!!!!
Yup, thanks.
Like I said, I searched but didn't find anything.
Writers need to stop writing movies about writers.
No one wants to watch that
nuthin much !: r u watching the titans and jacksonville JAG.
??
I AM !
garlic is the best.
Ever.
make doctornking water to hydoctorte for bikram fun!
add lemon slices, cucumber slices or raspberries.
Happy New Year Guys :D!
Coffee sounds great!
I'm going on a big trip next week so maybe when I get back.
I hiked Taylor Mtn this morning.
Do you ride there?
I'm convinced Russell Westbrook and Reggie Miller are conspiring to ruin my life.
Insult and injury in the same broadcast.
LMAO at the dude on the lakers bench with his hands on his head hahahahaha
Something is going on near Campo, CA border patrol area, traffic backed up and 3 very fast police cars have already passed us.
Wow!!!!
What a great week!!!!
We thank YOU very much for all your business with us.
all happy memories...well maybe apart from a few trips to take standard grades highers and SYS's haha.
But of course there are two, and I can look them up myself.
But if you have a number handy, I'm curious.
I get bored easily..
all stretched out and ready to knock out!
wow...
lol dm me how ur going to get that check for me please
Type of Dude to go Pray  then Go after wat I prayed for
So why DON'T those Pink Mulitway's come in 32 what about all the little Hispanic chicks and Asians and those kinds?
taking a break from fashions..
officially sick : damn this LA bug going around.
ah, a Coke is exactly what I need to get through the rest of my night.
YES!: At least once every hr make sure u get up from your office chair to stretch, march in place, or take a quick stroll outside.
Are you a pro?
professorssional  Reliable  Consistent  Being able to produce a top quality product out of a chaos situation
Head to Nightlife tonight to see Rose from !
She's giving a talk on How to make hummus  slinging Pink Tacos doctorke on 1/22.
ok got it...i will put it in part 8
Props for utilizing the word regal!
: We've never seen a more regal baseball player than Mariano Rivera.
studio session...
I dedicating all my time today to my new album...
Euros, Psy  Champagne...
coming Fall 2012
: I'm currently on the hunt for an editorial assistant position.
I'd definitely love to learn more about the opportunity!
Mindset  emotions, crucial!
Enthusiasm for the project is what's currently sustaining my creative momentum.
:
Spice Gurls are kind of like McDonalds.
Good every few years
Bayern the better matchup for Chelsea, both teams missing players, should be a great matchup
today is warm i can't wait to summer time cum up
Relistening to Keep It Like a Secret.
Still amazing.
Anybody know of a place that has a karaoke version of Carry the Zero?
More discussion topics: Youth engagement, social enterprise.
How pretty!!
Hope you have a beautiful birthday!
God use MARTIN LUTHER KING TO MAKE THE WORLD BETTER,NOW WE GOTTA LET GOD USE US SO WE CAN MAKE THE LIL KIDS AROUND US BETTER
50 pack wouldn't make it through a week.
Were talking 200 packs.
Follow me bo!?
3
The bad: sleep deprivation night 2 going very badly.
The Good: I have many more cat on my head pics for my collection.
that is so the 90's
Some black people cant ever be on TIME...!!!!
Still Manhattanbased, actually, but in Cambridge from time to time!
i couldnt leave my prom date
awhhh!
i love doing that: i do it with baby pictruess
Getting measured today for a tux for my wedding!
Exciting and expensive
Very interesting!
Did you have to do significant market research for this?
S/o to the ladies who think like man and act like a lady.
Please don't retweet this if you should be retweeting my last tweet.
They are gold and blue :
Do you want some soup?
We have the same name!
But, I'm an E :
An Art Critic in Africa: The Great Mosque in Djenn xE9;, Mali x2014; An Art Critic in Africa The Great Mosque in Djenn xE9;, Mali, a reve
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes today to: C.B., L.G., L.D., R.L.
and N.N.!
Also, a huge D3 congrats to N.H.
job well done!
shut up measure  Sarah
yes most definitely.
any chance i can get to see Chip i'm there.
Yeah!!
is such an amazing dancer!!!
I want him to follow me too!!!:D
but then she's never going to shut up about me not showing up!
I hate eating blue lollipops cause they turn your mouth blue 
Realize this is first time seeing my hubby in tails  white tie.
So handsome.
Show's about to begin.
follow back:
gcbc cagers shocks franchize all stars  hoopstars in back to back fashion.
I jus wish they wudda sent me a sched.
As for many other women, Eat, Pray, Love put in perspective all my life
Where will I be in 5 years?
Shit, at this point I'm hoping the Mayans come through for me..
Full moon  crazies / Cinco De Mayo  doctornks / Full moon on Cinco De Mayo  crazy doctornks.
Please be careful out there!!!!
I'm freakin freezing...
Come plant new orchard trees with us this Saturday from 9 am to noon!
Second Saturday Volunteers needed.
Email .
One good thing about long distance?
You don't have to deal with the aftermath of your boyfriend when your sports team loses.
Join us tomorrow at 9 11 am for Weathering the Storm  Dance with Life.
Lesson: Rev Ray.
Meditation: Rev David.
Music: Erin...
: I just asked Maggy if today was Saturday.
I also asked her if we were in a country last night cool story bro xoxo!
Depends on the gelato.
RT : in a cage match for desserts, who wins: cake or pie?
And we're off!
Day two of four!
First up is Lewis and Clark by Allison Fuentes and Warren Perry.
Just playing acoustic on the sidewalk for BBOKC visitors.
You can set up a tip jar too!
CC:
Sunda..
Can't beat it...
sigh Why can't DC get their stuff together like Marvel so I can get a Justice League movie?
An ALPHA FLIGHT movie is more likely than that
Looks great!
Version 3.1 in review to Apple.
Minutes away from approval.
Listen to the call regarding SBC and real live testimonies.
Wednesday March 28  10PM EST Live with Top Gold Leader Brian Hill Dial...
Oh Lord let me be content in all circumstances.
Did you know your Valpak envelope could have a 100 instant win check in it?
You may want to check that out.
Twittermomentofsilence 4 Joe Paterno one of the greatest coaching iCons in History!!!
send our prayers to his family!
CM Punk!!
.
Personally, I'd substitute Vim, but anyway.
But he's certainly looking at Mac web development through a very small myopic lens.
IN 2012 ACKNOWLEDGE GOD IN EVERYTHING YOU DO In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight.
Sir Court
running somewhere around 2:50.
Not what I wanted but happy it is finished.
I don't know how Derek Fisher's still doing it, but he is executing some absolutely inchperfect pick n' rolls tonight for the Thunder.
Daughter controls Albert Camus estate in FR.
8 Y.O.
author Racer Rodoctorguez lives in TX w/ dad ROBT.
WGAW hides their money in L.A
A goal from Sunderland or a goal from city or both.
Come on.
Had a great lunch at Dough today.
Love the burrrata and the marshmallow nutella panino rocked!
Best meals in San Antonio!
I followed you already ,
Have you reviewed your policies/procedures for investigating employee complaints to make sure they are effective and will protect you?
What hath Barack to do with Bank of America and Bain?
Senior will be at qualifying with Freshman on the bag...Good Luck!
love you niall, even tho you won't reply.
:
aww thanks.
I think it's his principles and foreign policy more...
but whatever you say!
Or gets them to the booth : lol
Personal mission of the day: See how many senior citizens I can get balls out wasted by bartending a graduation party.
Tom Hanks is potentially eying Broadway in Nora Ephron's STORIES ABOUT MCALARY, a play about late New York Post columnist Mike McAlary.
You can still get these two great books, at an amazing price.
Give poetry a gander and let me know what you think on amazon.
Q87.7 chicagos underground alternative.
I don't think Gotye is alternative really...
Huh in tired off working.
I cnt wait till I get a day off man.
sometimes the best therapy 
DC Universe Online Fans.
Question: How do you use the Soder Cola in the game?
they made it so you understand their sobs, as opposed to whining/subtitles.
but ya.
still awful.
hopefully gone after mothers day
If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
heck yeah..I could go for a garden burger.
Shanny will win with Skins, but will forever be in search of next Elway.
Don't be surprised if trades and doctorfts more QBs.
play the Late Show with David Letterman tonight!
53 is for me
Ready for a change in your home?
New hardwood floors from Select Floors Inc.
offer a stylish, low maintenance and hypoallergenic option!!
MidnightSnacking is my favorite part of life.
Okay, that's a lie.
Whay isn't Thome pinchhitting?
Oh, wait a minute....
Everyone in my row on this bus is reading an actual book, no kindles, and it's so weird that I think I'll tweet about it.
Don't tell me how u think I should live just cuz u fucked up urs u trying to live through me.
RT : : A's, Orioles Most Interested In Manny Ramirez mlb Why would any team what him?
He is a disgrace.
PLEASW FOLLOW ME
IADMIT that I'm addicted to food, so eating is something like a sport.
You're doing God's work.
Hail His name!
omg such a great day!!!!
Tomorrow: chocolate, cheese, wine and meet the cheesemonger and chocolate maker!
Come on in!
thank u for the follow.
stay tuned to homelessdogmusic.com
Enjoy a with ur fink bomb when their truck comes 2night from 8 til late.
Feel So Close by Calvin Harris
LETS GO PACKERS!!!
Thank you for following me!!
I will follow you soon xoxo
you really have an Amazing voice!!
I love your expressions and everything!
Thanks for following!
thanks for the follow friend!
Hope to see you out sometime soon  seems like it's been forever.
Here at structureConf  please come say hi at the table
The bad girls club bitches are soft!
My sisters,Kithia,Monica,my ex,an her sister would beat the shit outta them soft ass tramps
Be nice  say thank you ...
I love that!
please follow for me plz
This has been cancelled RT Indiana Authors and Their Books  Digital Library Brown Bag series.
4/11 121p
To my fellow Fantasy Footballers.
One more quarter to go.
I see you
As long as it is going east, we are all good.
I just lost my temper at the TSA.
Never a good idea, but especially unbright the day before Thanksgiving.
I redid my farm too to get the haunted house.
LOL
I used to be depressed and miserable, but I've decided to turn my life around.
Now I'm miserable and depressed.
this weekend is Hard Swimming  Monday is a great way to start the week with an amazing class!!
; W/Erin!!
Fitness Forever kids xo
Before I saw the picture I thought Kelsey designed a mock mobile website for Vans shoes.
Specials today at Cafe 300: chicken noodle soup, New England clam chowder, Turkey w/ spinach  roasted red pepper panini
cool, see you there!
solidarity  keep us posted
Rolfe Neill Reading transports me.
I can go anywhere and never leave my chair.
It lets me shake hands with new ideas.
My friend thought it would be funny if he pepper sprayed my arm.
Burns like hell
Right back atcha!:
Nice Win San Diego !
U replyed back to my tweet a while a go i know u busy but i not gonna stop tweetin for u !!!
zswaggers FOREVAH!!!!!
Dear Smartphone, Please stop autocorrecting all my swear words.
You piece of shut.
You're a can't.
Just go to he'll.
Thanks.
hehe your name is so cute :
I'm on my way to Philadelphia for SLA
Ecac stands for Emergenc Community Arts Collective
don't suck him up Sean
I wish!
So there's a pair of corso como pumps I want but I can't decide which color.
May need your help.
send me some stuff
PD Tips: Identify highend users, showcase what other faculty members are doing to create excitement
let me tell it...
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
i second that...me  sleep have a love/hate relationship anymore.
Make Greg pay!
: FF when he hits 27,000 followers he's going to tweet out ten 100 gift codes!
Karmaloop!
it was great I enjoyed myself..
Thx for asking...
How u doing
you're awesome!
There are so many opportunities.
Problogger is a great one.Many more too.
We probably need a dedicated chat
uh I know but I'm missing it!!!!
This was a very good idea.
Go shawty it's your birthday and we gone party like its your birthday!
:D
ItsaGoodPoopIf you have to change the toilet tissue afterwards.
k, anyone i know going to see this evening?
it's going to be painful not photographing a show.
Homebrew nerds, what do you think of the WilliamsWarn?
except for the whole band being there thing
on ...
Stupid touch screen :
Been keeping up with my best friend all day it would be 2 yrs next month when she loss her mother
Yes!
I was just going to say the whitelighter, couldn't remember the name.
John Mayer performs live at Richmond's Landmark Theater on 4/24  tix on sale 3/2 at 10am
Hey everybody if you are a true shake it up fan go and follow this cool dude he isnt on shake it up but you'd be cool
I'll be there  should be a great conference!
Aw yeah I already checked you out.
told me to hit you up
Goooodddniteee world..
Gonna actually try to sleep before 3AM this time.
We'll see if it works folks
Green eggs and ham.
Does it really taste that good to be desired that much?
Lmao.
Ah I needed s timeline just now.
I could rt damn near everything.
Snorts and giggles just what I needed.
Stevie Wonder  Blowin' In The Wind  07:54 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Even though we never talked face to face..
your still like a sister to me!
just got my electric bill.
another thing on the enormous list of pros that california has over arizona.
DAMN i'm glad i left AZ.
The aquarium place right?
I know exactly where that is!
Omg, I want a bunny.
:c Moo is fucking adorable!
So I just figured out you're not in Tally anymore.
What's up with that?
My caveman brain just realized how awesome it is we can turn fire on  off at our caves
Make the ground move thats an ass quake.
CHANGE is the only constant we have in our world.
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Early designs of coolers consisted of frames covered by wet burlap cloth with fans forcing air thru it.
ABQ 7192178546
Smothered fries right now though 
Sorry, anyone that went to www.bluebookbuy.com need to go there at this time.....Lots of info about ebooks...make YOU the 
Spotify Premium is so backwards.
I should pay for syncing, not something I can already do for free on my computer.
Nothing like doing morse code over the pager system with my boy.
Just interviewed Crystal King , an amazing Gen Y breast cancer survivor!
Hear her story 10/5 on
I missed my show
me too!
totally forgot :
for a long time they have been chanting that.
It is a NJ thing.
Shrimp Alfredo THOR and wine...it's my Saturday night
Good one Sam.
What's this?
I can't click on it.
haha okay, hit me!!!
waiting in a huge line for Barton Springs
Lol RT We're due for a major lane violation call here you guys.
Would I be an American ham if I said I'd be willing to pork Canadian Bacon?
shut the F up, okay he told me to stand far apart, first I have them together and than he was all  open your legs lol
I got out plenty of times..
Every day my work makes it clear that I really should start learning French.
Women's emotions are sometimes up  sometimes down, but if they are right with God, their Spirit keeps them balanced.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you lovely mothers!
Boyfriend video girl: Rachel Barnes, 25 years old, porn star, skechers model and married.
DAMN, JUSTIN.
lol well damn when you want to get married???
lol
About to get my hair donee:
He went to jared!
I read Heavy Petting to my boyfriend last night and he started pawing at my junk while crying.
Yea..if i go straight V on the rocks..i won't make the end RT : Raspberry over cranberry?
Class.
rt now go make some money lmaoo...TheRealBiZzYB No problem
no problem....working now?
Late lunch at Cosi.
Love their hummus and veggie sandwich on rustic flatbread.
Wish there was one in Pittsburgh!
Can I call you my southern belle after today?
confused look i may be an exception to what?
Studying for the LSAT is much funner than studying for the GRE.
That's the only super power you'd need.
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.
Dale Carnegie
Switching to vBulletin  vBulletin Advanced for website development
yea I am actually!
I've always loved that band
is witnessing a parlimentary khole.
hope you're ready to rhyme!
I'd think you were a really great guy if you retweeted me.
Better yet how about wishing my 7 year old like luck in his match
its my opinion and if i'm proven wrong I'd admit it.
Have a good night i'm out.
Pirates wrecked the Cards, Brewers crushing the Redlegs
That man is funny
There's that 20 point threshold I mentioned.
Tread water LA.
Bill you're breaking the needle on the creepy meter tonight
yah.
Not surprised same as when we saw them several yrs back on 1st tour w Wolfgang ...
Dancing and music are my escape from reality.
great weigh in today!
Have lost 37.5 since July 1st and 19.5 inches!
Even though I'm taking prednisone and have lupus, I'm happy
Thanks Paolo, for the mention I'll check out your site.
Keep writing, and thanks again!
Enjoy the new week!
great work this weekend ;
Life is beginning to slow down again.
I'll be around.
Wasn't Last Day at Lambeau great?
Goodnight everyone .
:
very cool mane
6th period makes my day, errryday.
Tell all your friends to follow us!
Old worlds keep closin' in, they have before, they will again, voices call beyond the wind.
I gotta do nothing.
I know this has nothing to do with my fansite, but check ebay!
Im sure they have them in 9!
C; lol
one thing is me being a belieber  one thing is being my BFF's bff so, who even started all this crap?
And back to Miami we go.
The MILPCAT is still alive.
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
Robinson Cano's father is pitching to him in the HRDerby ...
Wonder what he did to deserve the chin music
: I loved the video!
It made my day.
Baseball, dancing and singing are a few of my favorite things.
8
Anything wrong with Stu Scott talking about the blind side?
i dont know what i should do today.
My Pandora station just played Led Zeppelin then Nirvana back to back.
This music genome thing is scary good!
Missed one digit on the phone number of a work associate and had a youth tell me to go fuck myself.
This is why I like email.
i dont know why, but i could never get the lyrics to the kim possible theme song right...
Bonny pooped came in and went right to bed
But, now it's on Twitter!
; FUN!
RT Super Secret Pizza Party  Pt's Pub
U.S.
stocks fell sharply Monday as investors got their first chance to react to the March nonfarm payrolls report.
do you have any more gum?
Huge props to Amazing example of regional collaboration.
econdev standing O
made me happy today.
Totally makes up for crap connection in New Mexico.
he takes after his mama with the dance loving?
They play Izturis like a little leaguer.
200 ft max power.
Lol.
There's nothing quite like a livestream to get you moving in the morning.
I reminisce so you never forget this The days of wayback, so many bear witness the fitness.
yes!
lastnight was really fun!
especially when the sharks took our bathing suits so we couldn't get in the hottub HAHA
Prayers that you are ....
Are you sending the same old emails to your customers?
It's probably time for a new look...sometimes a little confusion is a good thing
I Bmore fly than BWI...
Don't do it if you can't keep it up.
chorus rehearsal today for state...leavin' this sunday for Jacksonville, Florida!!!
Need to get back in the habit.
Yay you!
RT : My body feels amazing!
Making lots of bracelets for our armparty just in time for fiesta!
Kings of Leon Cancel Entire U.S.
Tour After Dallas 'Fiasco'
Commenters on the are calling my IQ into question!
I'm so offended!
yawn
it's just laziness their reaching so much move ur damn legs!!
Ha
S/O jus downloaded that Hold Up joint bumpin it now good shit my dude
has white fingernails.
LiesGirlsTellForAttention he raped me !
they make the girls look bad who it really happened to !
Thank you!
That would be amazing :
You need to educate yourself before you open your mouth.
tried to call my bestfriend , butt she dn'tt wanna answer hr phone ThatsFine !
haha you are silly, but thanks hot mama : RT Happy NationalBossDay to one of the best bosses eva !
i really wish tomorrow was friday.
sickofschool..
Ha!
I just recently sold that TiVo too.
It was the end of a glorious, massTVconsumption era.
Self paced Saturday 
Everything in heaven and earth breathes.
Breath is the thread that ties creation together.
Morihei Ueshiba
Thank you for coming and for so completely nailing it!
We were so honored to have you.
Keep coming back...
You're welcome, Jaughn.
If you could please DM us your email addoctorss, we will try and see what we can do.
Thanks!
Thank you for the update.
I see that the location boarded two of its windows in preparation for replacement.
Good morning my Tweetys and Faceys!!
Thanks for the follow, !
Let's go :
Leadership means knowing the difference between pulling someone in your direction and pushing them in theirs.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion.
He said okay, you're ugly too.
Great meal tonight.
Thanks.
Thank you!
it was great seeing you guys tonight, we'll always have Pienza
however...
for now...
i could totally use the money for moving expenses.
Very interesting  lots of friends/partners listed  you going to post any of the projects you're working on?
That works.
Thanks for the response.
Its because your gorgeous babe
consider yourself gotten when I'm back in the neighborhood.
what do you do?
Dear audience: I love you!!
Already did.
Me ;
Oh you know, just hanging out with Stacey Peralta and the Bones Brigade...just about everyone of  my childhood skateboard heros.
RT 80 of what we talk about is relevant to the community and 20 about the brand
22 days and I'll be the happiest girl in the world
Lets get it in.......BAMSQUAD......OsOFRESHGANG......We stay fitted......Sycson.Ent....Get wit it or keep it pushin
Yes, but don't delay getting services based on that.
Kids' minds are extremely elasticthat isn't the only thing going on.
remember in preschool when naptime was a part of your class schedule...
lol
musicmonday Rekapse check out this amazing band from Virginia Beach!!!
you can hear their single Daylight on now!
The rain scared my trick or treaters away :
thanks for your vote and for spreading the word!
We have something that will work just as well.
Please ask mil to call at 9145330333.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
xoxo
you can do it!!!
I know it does suck.
I will never enjoy it
yeah except that one guy...: Such a great show tonight at Justin Townes Earle and such a great crowd.
Why we love Houston!
Sunny in Seattle as we start
It's official I can't handle the stupid minivan going 80mph with crazy wind on the 5.
To skeeery
Guns?
Really?
Showing love from Atl...
Received a DM from about the mag.
How can I submit?
:
Thanks for listening brother  your video is tight keep up the good work
they're CUTE.
Deleting my myspace add me on facebook.
Its better
Light the Night is a great event for your company and your family.
Let me help you register a team.
Contact me!
amen sista ;
Creating something that is interoperable internationally from the user experience.
Chuck gotta chill
Damn, the new Tokyo Quartet THROWS DOWN when it comes to
thank you for the great info
Sitting in our villa w/ at listening to AWESOME.
: because you so fine, them titties showin but I want you mine..
;
You'd die from Texas heat hun RT : Omg it's only 74 degrees and I'm dying.
This summer is going to SUCK for us preggers ladies!
Damn, that's not bad!
Why is it you always feel so good after working out.
All the more reason why magnet schools were essential in Baltimore ed ecosystem.
Now, they're a mess too.
One piece is the shit.....
How the hell did my nail chip while I was sleeping?!?!
OR I COULD JUST STAY UP ALL NIGHT.
here we go.
SMDH.
thanks  same to you!
super full now ..
If the Smith Center can't place LVJazz, then TheMissionLV should have you!
Located in the center of the 18b Arts District!
You guys definitely got all my votes for the KCA'S!!
OMG she did terrible tonight.
Can he please bring an ACTUAL liberal on the show?!
thank u Lisa :
What is tomorrow Oh!!
ZUZU 1.00 breakfast taco Day!!
Every Wednesday for now but not forever
She's a terrible interviewer and flubs virtually every other line.
She was tolerable at news desk but not cut out for anchor.
Kyle Korver, my fantasy team thanks you.
I trust Steve Williams' opinion on Tiger Woods because he's got no ax to grind with the man.
You guys we have to get ChicagoSkylineBand.com trending!!!
Take 1 min.
Of your time and post it!!
Suppose to be going to the movies with my sis ...!!
but the bitch ain't answering her phone!
Aj Ellis with an RBI double.
Tony Gwynn scored giving the Dodgers a 50 lead over the Rockies.
Top of the 3rd
20 off from maxim direct price for MAX410EPA, you will be surprised, at www.synpur.com
Very well!
We've had a great summer  are excited about the fall.
All good with you?
thanks so much!
Honored to be in such awesome company.
Lee Majors at worldfesthouston!
The 6 Million Dollar Man!
In tune with you brother!
Posted the same quote just an hour before.
your not lyin hit him rite in the handz
Sounds like you appreciate print and analyzing business cards as much as I do!
It's a print thing ;
Packing for Disney!
I can't believe it's finally here!
How much longer do you have to last?
We have exciting news to share ...it will be announced this afternoon stay tuned!!
Sounds like a fun project.
My Experience Design Works colleagues did something similar recently w/ Nursing.
We should compare notes!
Maybe we need to stop crossing our fingers for what we want  start crossing OUR FAITH w/ God's FAITH for the things he's PROMISED!
Cops show up and news crews leave.
Coincidence?
I was just thinking that
And Im still wondering why this is relevant...
heh!
RT : All Mountain Dew in Montreal is caffeine free.
Are all the shotgun shells filled with cotton?
No faith after one game?
sorry about your friend :
RT : RT : Technical Job Seekers: Don't Miss HFChat Tomorrow at Noon EDT our host Intuit, and our sponsor, Dice will...
Designed for longspan shelf storage, step beams are 45 mm wide with a 20 x 30 mm step
LAKERS NOTEBOOK: Hill facing assault charges
Lol has gone from meaning, laugh out loud to i have nothing else to say
RT hits ATL today.
Please take the time to visit the tent!
thats going on my iPod!
great song ;
Good to see some Personal  the Pizzas and at Late Bar last night.
Go see 'em at tomorrow night: emptybottle.com
can I believe I don't smoke weed no more
WINTER ROCK SHOWCASE FINALS 2nite HIGHWAY 4INDECISIONWINE  SPIRITTHE HAWKEYES.
Tix at door only 5.
21.
Come See The Show
uch uchm.
Momma Made Me Mash My MM's Yes, some do call me the song bird of our generation.
Minor theft on the outside back dock  a sign of the times...
I will never forgive you for venturing back to hell...FACT
Lunch is always a bright spot in the day
We're counting down to tonight's Game 6 of Stanley Cup Final here in Boston.
Full breakdown at 5:30 on
Pretty sure everyone in this city knows everyone else or they will eventually...
I hate that likable characters die, but I love that it complicates things.
hah go!
Fish tacos combo for 4 aha
Getting fadded at the bar with  !!!!
I try to tell my mom a joke, she doesn't think it's funny and it turns into a life lesson...
NYCSince1987 i followed ur Official Page :
good to see you too!
you can now add bench building to your repertoire!
Nice magazine cover ESPN.
What an amazing last day of MLB season.
Historic night never to be forgotten!
And all the days of Seth were nine hundoctord and twelve years: and he died.
how's family day?
I did buy a new one for actual graduation!
But it's for all the other events that weekend hehe
I've been spending time with my girlfriend!!!!
Also, been writing a ton of music with my new band;
Definitely needed for the work day : MT : Agree!
Or get through a work day!
ThankYouMusicians !!
you should go back to those days :
R I P B.Murphy the world has lost another beauty
Introducing Coffee That Will Change Your Life 
RT Some part of a mistake is always correct.
Savielly Tartakover
hanging around the city for the championship game?
any interest in 21 Jump Street or The Raid: Redemption.
Heard good things from both.
Oregano' Tonight for Pizookies!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it was for your own safety!
Sure you'll do great, and hopefully you look photogenic in Instagram photos, as there will be a lot of those being taken, ha!
lmao the guy just said its him hahahaha XD
Tnx and for RTs!
All, follow  great stuff on LCWR  all things
I have decided to sell my 2 creative genius domain names.
Just need to clean house.
I will save it for coffee ;
My solo show opening reception at R.
Coury Fine Art Gallery in Savage Mill is TONIGHT from 6 to 8pm.
See you there!!!
Mercury Undercover is live on Vudu.
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine.
How about you start turning water into gas?
Somethin' 'bout Portland...
:
btw, an eversion of Apocalypse Cakes is coming out soon that you can pay for with the price of a tweet.
loving the paisley print and the bling!!
So pretty!
Another winning outfit!
Anyone know what the single or double white line between highway lanes signify?
Didn't think so.
i dont hate you as person and i dont affect me if you date with JustinBieber
you already know: Lol
imabadbitch is probably the best hash tag beside
that's what she said.
Morning after pill
See you there!!
RT : Stoked for the bout this weekend !!
All i can say is GO Baby GO!
CE CE: Real Singer!
And a respectible view of Godliness!
Haha it's my company fool!
I started it with Kelly.Thats awesome!
When I get my Disneyland pass renewed, we have to go!
Thanks, Joy!
I loved the photos of you on 's blog today  you and Ruby are the cutest!
girl.
Lemeee find out ?
You and jasmine into it !
Ha la'scary as lmfaooo
Sweatbox Yoga wore me out.
Double, double, toil and trouble; / Fire burn, and cauldoctorn bubble!
William Shakespeare, Happy Halloween!
I crack up when you refer to your kids as humans, so cute and funny!
Just heard the news about Duck Dunn passing away.
He's a bass player I always admired.
Sad to hear he's gone.
NO JUMPERS!
Ran into an old valentines day card which brought back memories 
Tonight for to destroy it who's coming let me get some RT
its have a good time or kill ya self cause whats the point if you dont feel ya self?
Storyopolis Entertainment excited to recieve new work from Peter MCcarty From his fabulous work from Hondo and Fabien other picture books.
I realized only after I had introduced myself  I forgot to say my title at PayScale :
Were I an enemy of true Christianity, I'd toss my head back and laugh  how socalled Christian Right spreads prejudice  hate.
wait.
Are you tomorrow or is valerie?
Lawlz I never said that xD
Why are all the conferences I want to go to at the worst possible times on the worst possible dates?
I don't use Mac...Maybe try copying pages into word and printing that to PDF...I have done that..but usually just for images...
Boys are annoying omg
Just started watching the show today...
just saw the finale..
you are my favorite one already...
Pick'em up and knock'em down
Supporting troops through the direct action of providing a job opportunities is noble.
Please help recommend PurplePlacement.com to friends.
The early bird registration price deadline for the delmarmudoctorn has been extended til July 1st!
Where have they got you this morning?
Ugh..
Taking a quiz every 15 min is making my head hurt..maybe it was the bottle of chardonnay i consumed in less than an hour last night.
so cute!
A friend of mine is starting a nonprofessort animal transport organization.
Exciting to help animals!
Not a trace of any ants, roaches, bugs in the Homeless Coach thanks to Andy Howard's Pest Control donating a monthly pest guard service :
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:3
RT : If she sit on the sink and take a picture 10x out of 10 her ass flat.lol
And it's only Tuesday.
:'
Hey  we're deciding which bands to cover at this year.
Any names you want to throw in the fray?
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she'll always be there for me .
and 2.
Don't bury info about who you are 5 clicks deep on the site.
Frustratedly yrs, Someone trying to get you some publicity.
: On another note, No one is worse than Maroon 5.
Not even Kid Rock.
agreed...brutal acts all around
Did you see Red Tails yet?
Wanted to get your opinion.
I'm skeptical...but will most likely end up going to see it.
I knoww im excited!
:
Phylogica announced a Collaboration  Option agreement with Janssen for new classes of doctorgs from PYC's Phylomerâ peptide platform
Spot trending now in Torrance, CA: Kings Hawaiian Bakery  Restaurant  Asian
You rocked last night at the game.
Great performance, great victory.
The World was watching!
John Coltrane and Michael S Harper and students know neither, until today.
got is better.
For shame.
Okay computer, you are turning a 2 minute email into an hour ordeal....
thanks!
Sometimes I think there's a hive mind!
I need to learn how to keep friends lol
I'm over due for a trip back.
It will be soon.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you find out you forgot your protein shake  rush home to make your 2nd glycogen window
Thanks for follow!
We hope you have a great week!
RT : In life, you are where you are of your own doing..
don't blame others for the life YOU make for yourself!
Going to sleep already!
Goodnight beautiful followers :
One of these days I should probably do my homework....maybe.
shiiiiiiiddddd I'm talkin bout it like 3 4 times a week bro
Sorry I couldn't go with u to the movies last weekend, I didnt have any 
I wouldn't think that 50k is possible, but then again I never thought they'd get 40k until it happened last year.
What's it really mean that Melloy Dodge is locallyowned?
It means our company invests money back into New Mexico instead of other states.
Cab doctorvers on the whole dont doctorss very snazzy, and not all cabbies speak proper English, including some of the foreigners.
Thank you!!
Will you stand for this ?
RT: : Tonight, about to break Alec Baldwins record for playing Costa Mesa, CA.
10.
Me too!
It'll be the second iTunes movie I'll ever buy.
o hush your mouth, what's wrong with gettin one
I am.
I can honestly say Crossfit is the best thing i have done for myself in a long time.
Haha well if your up...
U should work.
Or at least come visit me at work.
WELL DONE ONE DIRECTION TT IT!!
Q: Is it just me or is it hot in here?
A: It's just me..
yo u should
RT : Hate to see kids play with Dollars I always think it could have been on a strippers butt or something .
you name the time  place...
I'm just surfing the wave.
: I am reading this article and I am just like wow These are the times he was speaking of
black and gold.
All i wanna do is get to Top
Were watching a movie
The house that Madea built burns down in Atlanta.
CNN reports no injuries from 4alarm fire at Tyler Perry Studios.
Crying  5 in the morning can't be good...
I hate texting !
its only for a couple of days :
Protection from who, Tommy?
Zee Germans?
YES!
ZEE GERMANS!
REAL MAdoctorD IS GOING DOWN!
why you no follow me edstaaaaaa :
He did recommend book, Andy, which is why I ordered it and am reading  loving it right now my own self.
Love happy hour there!
Such great deals.
Everyday seems to get more and more amazing when im with her!
She is the most amazing girl in the world :
Never underestimate anyone.
For everyone is given something that other people don't have.
Nothing manic about this Monday :
The Silk Tie likes Joe!
I am not afraid to ask you if you wear ties : thesilktie.com
Ah the joys of breaking into a new workflow!!
Thank you everyone for coming out...purttty certain our guys r safe for the next round!!
VEGAS You impressed  shocked us all on Easter TYTY
no actually it was you.
Funny story
at the Alamo getting a filet mignon steak.
3 this is a treat since the steak itself is 30 bucks!
gosh.
lol, I wish!
but I'm REAL short on  right now...
so idk about that.
:
kind of like all of the new facilities we paid for and couldn't use...
Rpac comes to mind
I need a photo crew to run a photo booth on May 19!!
Can you help?
unexpected appearance by petergabriel in my pandora radio feed.
the afternoon improves doctormatically
bummer.
Thanks for the info!
That is the best fortune I've ever seen come out of a cookie.
Click, clack, bang, bang, we in the murda bidness.
RETWEET If yu ever got in the shower nd forgot yu had your socks on.
Just realized Glee is on ...
and there's five minutes left in the show.
EXTERMINATUS!!!
gobbles up all the cheese
That certainly doesn't help, but he was clearly swinging because he felt he had to.
Just was more outside than the previous one.
If u favorite your own tweets you a conceited little bastard ha
any great specials tonight?
:
Did you guys know Apartment Therapy has a classifieds section?
Um,
This is madness.
Vegan  Vege Game Prog: IHaveAnIdea!
How bout a 'Reality' game of working  a factory farm or Become the fastest slaughterhse worker!
31512
2Chainz had a daughter and named her 2 Necklacez
Last week for the Westward Bound projection  the African Burial Ground
Me cursing?
Idk what your talking about haha
I feel ya girl.
I need a glass of something..I dont doctornk wine
Thanks for the follow, We love the work you're doing  can't wait to see what's next!
hehe true!
I love our talks!
So much comedy mixed with so much anger and confusion!
Ladies you better be getting your paws on these new tees that were released on Valentines day especially for yall!
Our 49 Alaska Writing Center writeathon was terrific.
An amazing turnout with over 70 local participants.
Thanks to all!
Make sure you get a variety of vegetables as well as some nuts and seeds, eggs, fish, and lean meats for  Vitamin B and healthy skin.
Update: my new album is in.
yay!!
Stats that don't mean anything.
RT : 20.5 of Democrats in NC are saying No preference  Obama
C'mon , we are way funnier than !!
We are Rib Tickling funny...Get it?
HAHA!
Congrats to today's winner, Asha Bee!
Only 4 days left for a chance to win your mom a FUMI Bracelet Pursehook!
The one year I had to pay the IRS, I wrote for bombs in the memo section of the check.
I just got out of prison yesterday.
I'm always wrong.
Don't know why I even try anymore.
I know exactly what feeling you are talking about.
Great board meeting tonight.
Excited for all the future events and ideas
Sleepy after a long day of cooking playing hillbilly golf, Frisbee, and spending time with the family outdoors
Oh.
Yeah but they usually just go into the tanning bed thing.
those mountain top buildings r sweet!
So which 1 will u be adventuring to 1st!?!
Bases are loaded because we just walked three people...
Wow...
Just want more sleep!
last night was crazy!
snorenomore party was awesome!
nope, watching from afar ...
Ron Paul says he will end active campaigning in the GOP presidential race but will continue efforts to win delegates at state conventions.
I speak the truth.:
Raining outside not cool messed my field work up lol
What about the CMS??
can I atleast know what it is...?
wtf are you making me that took you three hours?!?!!
Excited :
You have a lot to live up to after seeing !
I have a leaky window.
WHERE THE FUCK IS FEMA?!?!
o how yhu make dat heart
Taking Auditions For Singer's Or Rapper's Hit Me Up If You Wanna Try Out KaeSmoove
go girl!
Lazy can be good and needed some days ;
Things change, friends leave, but life doesnt stop for anybody.
Agreed.
Hopefully they'll both be able to return again soon without fear of arrest or protracted court hearings.
I Heard Your A Player Nice To Meet You I'm The Coach !
lol no you're not normal you're just a jealous hater.
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of Titanic's voyage and tragic sinking, visit Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition during Centennial week.
most unromantic thing I've heard all week!
your sore because you worked out, right?
;
Agreed but Cerrone can take a punch!
RT : Great fight...
I give Diaz all 3 rounds, Cerrone should've followed up the sweeps.
My dad won't let me get a tattoo, and it's really hard for me to save my money.
/: lol.
thanks for the mention Caroline!
: 
Gostick: For the most impact, recognition needs to be given at least every 7days and should be specific
HellOnWheels is the best show on TV.
hopefully this december or january 2013
making the world safe one block at a time
8700 at the dinner break.
Still steaming over my two hand penalty.
Met with folks yesterday.
The direction they are going is gonna revolutionize photography and eventually video
Lakes RT : My team came to play!
When i said i loved you, i wasn't lying ........and right now i'd be lying if i said i didn't love you still 3
newpuppy oh I did not see the photo..
so cute!
cocker spaniel.
:
Oh true and we should do that .
Less than a week until the National Public Health Week Film Festival 2012.
Come show your NPHWff love!
Only at
assessment/quest
No sleep tonight.
thought you went to bed lol
We have 12 guys taking on the Steak Challenge so far but no ladies!
Anyone know a girl with a healthy appetite?
:P
Your last recourse against the unknown is how you act.
If you cant control outcomes, you can control the elegance of your behaviour.
Taleb
The farmer channels water to his land,the fletcher whittles his arrows.And the carpenter turns his wood.So the wise direct their mind.
when your in touch with the holy spirite you can see things others can not and somethings are scarry but, God will keep u safe lean on him.
Assuming you do avoid being ignored, your next challenge is to avoid being forgotten.
Epicurean Lite production is wrapped for this week.
Don't miss our next week, place your order online at www.EpicureanGroup.net
cool nice to meet you!
might if just bided enough!
having a teacher on facebook is pretty creepy....
Got Me Addicted To The Song Moves Like Jagger: 3
WeWontWork if you can't accept me for who I am  want me to be someone I'm not.
Free promotion ?
need more followers?
try the site on my professorle.
By the way.
do you follow4follow?
lets'!
Nashville!
What to do?
Visit the Music tab/app on my fan page for a free download of Secret!
Happy Holidays and New Year everyone!!
who gives a fuck?
Alice Cooper and David Spade taking in after enjoying Monkeypod earlier in the week.
Happy Birthday Man!
Let me know if you go out celebrating this weekend at all.
über wealthy recovered their income by 2010 everyone else is still struggling
Lotus Temple New Delhi  Travel Guide
Thanks for the shout out !
It's true!
We do!
: D
Damn sucks!
I did that on Monday.
RT : Im really not trying to work this 9 to 9!
Chatting w/ big daddy on your radio next  7:10.
Crank it on !
ALways looking for the next gadget ATT and DIRECTV Sign ThreeYear Extension Agreement to Deliver ATT  DIRECTV Service to ATT Custome
Sex and hollywood, sex and hollywood.
Sex and hollywood, sex and hollywood!!!!!
it was under my fitted sheet on my bed...
Haha I feel like a dumbass
RT : YES THIS IS CHANGE WE CAN BELIEVE IN !
OBAMA2012 !
Nice!
I would have done the same.
What kind is it?
It is gorgeous!
happy easter...
now take dem babiez to find sum eggs...
Ever notice when you forget about somebody they tend to pop back in you life
has the jitter bug.
can we please referr to Peter by his birthname nowDICK!
More SoMeAwards winners to be announced after a short cocktail break.
Priorities :
Trust is a big fucking deal.
Heh, I know the feeling.
Today's the first day of Easter Term.
Oh look Alvarez just dove....oh look he did it again
ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 have signatures at the end of your texts 
Nice!
Next on the agenda: setting the date RT : can't commit, but would like to stay in the loop.
How common is it for a worm to be in, or atleast to put a hole in an apple?
The perils of mixing spicy food and running are well documented.
;
Thanks for the follow !
I'll be watching for fantastic family deals to tell the MK readers about :
More like falling in love than something to believe in!!
More like losing my heart, than giving my allegiance.
: This lady is soaking wet with hard nipples Lmfao, done.Lmfaooo, just made my day.
I see you Uptown
Trying to book me get at me
Tonight at the Launchpad Domestic Disturbance with Caustic Lye, When Darkness Falls, and others Doors 5 sponsored by Archetype Dermigrap
How is Illinois?
Walmart Stores Bring NASCAR doctorver Appearances, Fan Events and Unique Race Time Experiences to Kansas and Missouri
Stephen Colbert is all over Radiohead's dick right now.
Fred's Bar tomorrow night takes over it's Ladies Night...you all should come!!
It's gonna be a great show!
Live Band!
Two mojitos for lunch, yes please.
Sunny day getting even brighter
not afraid to say i do it bc Lil Wayne does it
one and dones mostly
Why I love
Do you do any weights?
We do all sorts of surveys.
I'm just kinda in the loop w/this question.
Obama touts tough stance on illegal immigration, calls for immigration reform.
I'm  CRISP Pizza Bar  Lounge
Penn Quarter Condo chic 2br/2ba, balcony, TWOcar garage parking...
Coming soon.
Staging in process...
Breaking News: Gaddafi has offered to leave Libya if the Oscars will end immediately.
pls follow me back :
off to speak at All Saints Church in Pasadena, with guitarist Paul Viapiano.
Gotta beat the marathon traffic...
it LEIGH not lee
The book is amazing, and was totally worth the 7,000 tissues I used, but I understand why it would be hard to read.
Would have been nice to visit ...: Our last lockdown in Houston may be our highest level of activity in years....
Holy Shit ...
Feelin like a million bucks.
.
that's right!
Just in VA: 84,977 seniors have saved 49 million on Rx doctorgs thanks to the
Swear I just saw Rick Ross on the highway!
hahaha this had me weak when i read it...
; alyssa is a virgin...
whydoyouthinknot?
Got my Cell Shield SM5100B from as always the red packaging box is just beautiful!
omg u're incredible' I love u so so so much.
400 to Boston is INSANE
We are huge fans of your technical service!
So far so good working with you guys, plus the speed is awesome!
How did I not see that when I was younger?
Lawmakers Wade Into Partisan Dispute Over StudentLoan Interest  San Francisco Chronicle
RT: Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Carl Jung TDL
It just makes you look stupid.
once the next new hot act comes along you'll go to that one again, and the true fans will stay.
3 days until smallbizsat!
Shop Small and come and see us!
when I come to Florida , I got you .
No lie
Sun chips garden salsa is so good
ok so me, Jon, and Carly Rae Jepsen are allowed over
my phone is messed up what is it little :
No, just seeing who has.
somebody Kik me?
;
Bike Expo today down at State Fair...
head on down and register for the Ride 5 off!
I Love How You Say It But What Does That Mean Babe ..
messaged you on fb since i could write more than 140 characters hah.
:
Good morning everyone and Happy Friday!
Hey costume peoples  I've had a request of where to find 40's style doctorsses near Calvert County  College of So.
MD?
Thrift stores?
eighty81 hotincleveland mixtape hosted by ohio artists email your music let's make this a tribute to the city we love C.L.E
Snoop Dogg's voice
There is a place for receivers who can't catch  it's called the defense
San Diego we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
my boy I miss u Odee how u been
are you still supporting the app?
saw that the forums on web are turned off...I seem to have issue getting quads to display ok
its priceless :
On our way to Boston for PAX East!
But first  waiting for the bus in Bangor.
hmm what to wear for the Cincinnati Entertainment Awards tonight?
Have to try and look cool while not looking like I'm trying too hard.
Yes I have silver streaks in my hair, no I don't want dye it.
Sam freaking Dekker.
Dude is gonna look great in red and white next year!
RT : For real though, Leticia is perfect 
Thinking about Rocky Road ice cream!
There is a limit to what I can, but there is no limit what God can do!
Believe.
: happy to sully the guest room, if you'll have me.
April 11, yes?
LEBRON JAMES IS THE BIGGEST FUCKING BABY IN THE NBA!
HE NEEDS TO SHUT HIS FUCKING MOUTH!
woo :P
Good luck to the boyfriend on his interview today!
Im gone to the moon
We just got fliers in at our library advertising Elie Wiesel's talk at XU next month.
Did a happy dance.
Anyone else going to this?
I keep thinking about how Steiner men's bball came close to winning district championship Fri against a team that beat'em by 60 last year.
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth, and the fine print taketh away
edtech  friends  How do you learn about new ideas for teaching?
Who on Twitter most inspires  influences your pedagogy?

great job this year, enjoy the summer...you sure love that blue line doctorp pass on the PP!
That's a lie, Corey, in case you're too stupid made me spit out my water.
Thank you
Via stalkbook, I see one of those 'trending articles' is about gymnast Shawn Johnson losing 25 pounds.
She didn't need to.
Asshole people.
you are followed by someone I followed  I think.
And you're in Portland.
why is this not okay chicken?
okay i sent it over
I really would like to talk to you....
about the horrors of mothers plights out here.
Pamela Taylor
I know!!..And with the whole keyra hate thing.
Those who hated on her cuz ppl though they were dating are pathetic.
thank u for the ff...
much appreciated!
Not really, which is just what I need!!!
Have a great weekend!!!
Great hanging with you yesterday Joe!

Im convinced that every girl that uses thr word classy to described themselves r real Ratchitty...
songsthatgivemegoosebumps when im gone eminem
Going to see Girl w doctorgon tattoo:.
Bring on the popcorn!
Placed my first order today!
Can't wait until it arrives!
A stopped clock is always right.
Championships, baby.
But offense is more fun to watch.
I'm jealous of him Chad.
He gets to work next to greatness all day.
Good news for you, Kovalchuk is out tonight.
Please follow me on Instagram : I'll follow you back!
Its the damn baby brigade at the dog park today..ish!!
Does anyone know how to change there ring back tone for when people call?
you contacted me remember?
asking to stop talking.
I never said she was not hardworking.
Am I not entitled 2 have an opinion?
Tweetup is this evening starting around 6pm at Totally casual.
Just hang out time.
Join us!
by the end of Baby on Board, the company will have learned that being kind to your fellow man is more important than money
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this!
Thank you for the reminder as I get everything set up for my business!
love the PIOP philosophy
Sam needs to fight and not hide from Lilly That's why white people talk big and do nothing
my Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...75 days left as an unmarried woman!
Too bad you can't order preorder singles from Amazon MP3 store
I'm working on that as well.
I'm interested to learn about the tools you use to retrieve data through the Twitter API.
Ruby?
you're welcome.
I'm glad you enjoyed the game.
Just landed at Midway.
Camp was great.
Will have tons of stories tomorrow
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
That awkward moment when you get unfollowed by one of your favorite people, unbeknownst to them obviously.
If I wanted to follow you, I think I would have done it by now.
Some people need to learn they aren't that popular.
I hear ya!
Well option two is not gonna affect your health so yeah go with 2 and shoot the link ;
what????
That's crazy!
You can always come chill here if you need to.
These are the hidden perks aren't they?
BuckeyeNation wants !!!
Great things will happen with you as a Buckeye.
Look forward to your decision.
thank you!
Can't I just be skinny cause I'm a nice person?
Do I have to work out??
I look SO stupid weight lifting..
not to mention running..
fml
4 days away.
Project road trip begins Friday night.
I can't that mister Conservative is actually tweeting.....well, don't get use to it!
almost doctorpped you in cheerleading today.
That awkward moment where you are standing by your crush and the hallway gets filled with kids and you guys have to stand even closer.....
Dont forget to stop by Sleep Experts today from 67p for your chance to win Round Rock Express tickets!
What motivates you??
Change Your Environment to Change Your Life
MyFavoriteSongis Safe and Sound by Taylor Swift, that's a legit song!!!
Just saw you on twittamentary it is great dude
Butter poached shrimp with heirloom cornmeal crepes, chanterelles, melted onion, smoked tomato, and feta
Going to be a douchebag and sport my IB sweatshirt for SATs.
People will think I'm smart and then copy off of me.
Then I'll laugh.
Today is a good day :
Lots of ppl go the curriculum route n put a lot of thought in2 that.
Unschooling even stranger.
AND BI's comparison is important based on premise that GDP/hours worked is a valid measure of a country's productivity.
Pick, pass, back screen, pass, pass...arrange those in any order as many times as you want then put ISO for Melo at the end..
its cold in my house.
your welcome
Big, comforting hugs to you and yours.
RelationshipsAre 2 ppl trapped on an island hunting eachother for sport
If Somebodyy Say Y.O.L.O One More Time....!
itstimeforyoutorealize national Bieber day is a real holiday.
I fell victim to that today.
Started receiving random texts.
Are you going to any games, this weekend
Watching thekilling before bed is never a good idea
to all the girls that call guys a douche bag.
do you know the actual meaning?
if you did...youd reconsider using the term douche bag
life could be sweet but life is so cruel cause I let it be
I kind of don't care that Minecraft is coming to Xbox 360.
I already have FortressCraft, which is quite fun.
Welcome to Twitter.
Do we get anything for being your first follower?
So bored in homeroom class .
Snow storm isn't stopping us from renting at the lovely Belden Stratford.
Come in to view our newly renovated apartments.
Get after it!
good point; the guide doesn't really try to document search responses since they are decidedly second class
I miss you too baby!
I need my Tritown girls back.
Happy Mayday!
go celebrate by picking up the newest issue of featuring on page 13!
With picture!
Plus, this is a very easy diet to follow, at least in my view
have you guys heard I Quiettube?
it's YouTube w/out all the background and shows up really well on QR codes?
cant you tell ...
im crazy over you?
Happy New Year can't wait to see what you guys bring to 2011!
haha, never start on just a foot, jump n land with both feet,
Hello to you all!
I look forward to chatting
8 planes in February so far.
4 to go.
All I want to do is dive into my summer reading list.
But alas, I still have one more paper to write for grad school.
So very frustrating!
Oh I didn't catch up on tweets until now.
It's my turn to giggle :
: Twitter Over Capacity?
Rick Ross must have logged in.
dang
Congratulations!!
I love you guys!!
Can't wait for details!!
looks like it to me I love the page
Found amazing bridesmaid gifts for great prices!
Customized clutches  jewelry for my girls
Type Let it snow for some Google snow.
And defrost.
Endlessly fascinating and horrifying.
She kills us until we see that we die, then kills herself.
One of best sphinxes ever.
well I did so ha.
Celeste, Cilla, and Sebastian saw me do it.
Sorry, it sounds like you are having a bad day.
No new mentions..
Meeting someone in the wierdest way, then they are a huge part of your life.
Meaning it's difficult to compare military hospitals to civilian ones
2011regrets None.
Sad to say some were bad, but no regrets because whatever decisions I made, satisfied me at that specific moment and time
The lord saw me throw another shift...
We lost a sweet woman last night and even the short time I knew her it was a blessing 3
I Have So Much To Do Between Today  Tomorrow...
Smh
Looking For The Haircut Of your Life Call US 305.866.1940 Best Barbershop in Miami The Shave Barbershop!
Long chat giving a teen database instruction ends w/ her asking Life skills survey, Burger King or McDonalds?
.
Find a way to get booksellers involved, and I can't imagine a more powerful ménage a trois...
;
you just hear 'for sparta!' And the coyotes break in haha why would they be doing it for sparta?
can't wait!
I'll play the snaps!
Oh yeah.
I thought you meant recently or something
Life is good...considering the alternative.
What happened to Pablo Sanchez?
He was such a promising young athlete
Hell yeah its dope!
Im going to be seeing him in NY for EDC
the song that makes me happy right now is KNEE DEEP by the Zac Brown Band, featuring Jimmy Buffett  listening over and over
students can support educational mission 2 overcome prejudice intolerance bigotry.Join student assn
heyy im back
Uh no RT Best media strategy in sports?
Bar none UFC Is killing it Just might be the model for sports teams to follow
yeahh.
I'm okay.
Just gonna sleep it off
It's a fine line...
Lol
Time for my good church nap
yes.i am a directioner.
i sing their songs randomly in the middle of class.
so what?
they are beautiful.
onedirection 3
awh, thankyou!
: I'm really sick.
I have a fever 
funny guy and a heart of gold?
that's terrible!
Depending on what you use your phone for, the advantages of iOS often outweigh the awesome things in Andoctorid.
Still trying to get north of D.C.
Making progress.
ConfessionNight I'm from Arizona!!!!
The reason they all choose Adam Levine over Christina Aguilera is they want a coach that had a career not 15 minutes of fame.
i just added u on roc.
wow!!
u have sum clean ass mixes and nice melodies and rythms.
i like it
There is a fog springing from dew to cool air this evening...
Thanks for all of your support Dave!
RT : Awesome meeting of the minds w/ team tonight!
Great things in store.
I am way behind, but it is fine.
that sounded reeeeallllyyy wrong lol .
i think is creeped out :P
okay!!!
Maybe Friday I can :
LOL but u don't go downtown :p.
thannks HAPPY almost belated EASTER TO YOU GUYS TOO .
THEY DONT NEED TO KNOW
The shows today at QVC were stupendous!
That Tweet Was Dumb As Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit , I Swear .
he decided not to come on until eleven, show started at 7.
We left at ten thirty so we didn't even see him!
Blended learning is not about the tech, but about sustainable, holistic instruction.
LMFAO!
XD Don't you just hate random boners?
xD
Welcome to Portland!
Let me know if you want some sweet photos done while you're here!
No Inge..where have I heard that one before?
Oh yeah, Tigers didn't have Inge offensively the last three years before he left
FooFighters brought on Butch Vig, cool, long live Seattle grunge!
I wanna get my belly pierced, like right now C;
Oh I want a crave cup :
Why do you continue to teach the period before break ?
Thanks for spreading the word about our Happy Hour Mai Tais!
big up the mavs!!!
Damn dude u c Nikita last night?
It was awesome.
It also got renewed.
two killer shows in one week!
hope you and Julia enjoyed MKE and hanging with all the come back soon, please!
if i was keef, i'd take the free verses and cosigns but wouldn't sign with ANY of them dudes.
Q: How do you make a daylaborer cry?
A: Offering them an unrequested, icecold Dos Equis seems to do it, apparently...

2 girls have taken over
come to my festival this saturday
flies should not be the size of quarters
I want to learn at slbootcamp to take ees who only know f2f learning to social and mobile learning and how I can iuse ipad2 in training
this is a rough inning....
ouch.
hectic week ahead.
Of course the game is rigged.
Dont let that stop you  if you don
: Hey is there going to be basketball tryouts this year in school?
well a girl with junk in her trunk doctorving a dump truck its awesome ur gonna cause accident lol
This was fun, until Twitter just put a limit on me...okay okay okay...stay positive...I positively hate limits!
Holy crap, y'all.
Please check out my Gameboy games and systems for sale on eBay if you are into that kind of thing.
Search reedy9er  thanks a lot!
Guys are so predictle .
, They think their foolin ' everybody , well sweetie your not foolin ' me ;
If ever there was a time to use apostrophes, that was it.
Surely, your phone has buttons for that sort of thing.
No autocorrect?
wsup with u?
How r u?
1yr agoDeath, Broken home, GainingFriends, TrueFriends, Streets, Tears, Cuts..
TodayMemories, Scars, Fights, Losing Friends, FakeFriends..
Nice to meet you.
What part Michigan are you from?
InKoPah  Place of the Mountain People Bike through Valley of the Moon and find the Elliot mine and Smuggler's Cave....
That's good, yu get that paper sweety  I thought I show love to ya
Goodmorning!
Everyone have a great day!
:
Im sleepin butt necked 2nite!
u only turn 16 once
please don't do that.
U r a Beautiful person.
I would like for u to continue to follow.
Be happy!
Were there rumors in TN about his off the field antics??
Sad all the way around.
Oh lol okay
Put a starter in to close the game, Jesus Christ.
Bullpen can't do shit.
How Are You?
3
Monday Mention
March Madness Specials in Mammoth!
Come stay with us.
We have only a few units left for this weekend.
I just did when tweeted xD
you guys are awesome  have a great weekend!
Who else is watching the BigGame today??
We have to say, our favorite commercials so far are the VW commercials!
What's yours?
your tattoo is still so bad ass!
if i was to fuck with anyone in show biz it'd be jennifer lopez and puffy u know this!
sorry puff but i dont give a fuck if this chick...
Do you have Timberlakes cell?
That was epic ...
I have no idea what just happened with that.
Mind blown.
Members from Argentina, Turkey, and India at AIIP2009.
Awesome!
The NonceBus Stops was the 1st new 12 I ever bought.
Had a dope Bside called Who falls apart an Aceyalone intro.
Cheers to and Great SDMNOmothersday event last night ladies So excited about my goodies :
lol just say it :P
Today is already ruined!
Great fucking way to start out the day all thanks to my mom, should've expected this..
leaving later for dinner.
Jonny Bones sir.
He's on a roll.
Im thinking Shad  past prime.
UFC RT : Who is winning, evans or jones?
Thanks for posting this!
Love this shot!
I will share it with Hector.
That's why I love JunOS.
And???
Lol RT : Oh my...
It's 740!!
RT I just wanna cum on my baby daddy's dick abt 4 X's then take a nap
Tmobile service in my parents house is horrible SMH.
yep : I actually really like the Tywin/Arya scenes.
Good chemistry GameOfThrones AManWithoutHonor
You like Wells or Bell better?
Thx for landing me in 2 FFB Superbowls this weekend!!!
Now some other chick goin get the man I was soppose to marry oneday smh
then let's make it happen.
No, but that's a fascinating idea.
Wonder if it could be built out algorithmically from a big corpus of newspaper articles.
444 how long have u been a fan of the wanted??
About to see BARE, produce by at
thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
Nice video!
I appreciate that, and we do appreciate your thoughts on this one, too.
that's a staple of every 40yr old Mexican guy at the gym.
Chabala is getting doctorpped from my fantasy team on principle.
I knew that
I know, on the other line of the text you are smiling, you might not be smiling on your face, but in your mind you are : .
When I fall, I fall hard.
hello, I am on Twitter, please follow me so I have a follower
Guess the markets being closed today is not so bad after all.
Great dancers aren't great because of their technique; they are great because of their passion.
thank you so much for the shoutout!!!
Bretana
Stay tuned for an upcoming article regarding Expansive Soils Analysis and potential client benefits.
Successful shopping day 
Aw, I didn't know she was a teacher?
Lol!
RT : DOUBLE FAIL just found out mucky pup is playing in NJ with...
DOG EAT DOG.
Omg!
Food is horrible at this banquet!
It's cold!
The chicken is COLD!!
On this day in 1861, a riot erupted in Baltimore as the 6th Mass came through town,  Pres Lincoln declared a blockade of southern states.
WHO ME?
feat.
produced by  I SUPPORT MY CITY vol.
2 07.06.10  get up on that immediately
.
I don't know what the kids think after the year is over, but I do know that I've been available each night this week as we wrap up.
car shopping/ test doctorving!!!
Hey I keep getting malware warnings when I try to visit your site, and just now something tried to download to my Mac!
But it's good to be careful, especially in G.
City.
Some neighborhoods are rougher than others, it's good to have a guide...
Good Morning!!!
On my way to the gym to get it in...
Then I have shed on some new music!
I am ON ONE TODAY PEOPLE!!!!
Am shooting bricks with this thunder  lights,  the lights went out at my casa
today is friday...listening to cheers to freakin weekend
I thought RIGHT TURN ONLY meant right turns only allowed.
Funny doctorver ahead keeping us all waiting...
HappyFriday to all the Sportsbiz people!
Whats the opposite of opposite?
I guess my red converse aren't so lucky after all
Does anyone out there watch DanceMomsMiami?
I'm a new fan now.
Tar Heels on a 150 run!
Hate friends that copy everything you do
Philadelphia continues to struggle as an old foe haunts them again
JU Dolphins 2012 Spring Game is tomorrow at 1pm at DB Milne Field!
Even though I'm on my own, I know I'm not alone because I know there's someone, somehwere praying that I make it home.
So Insane  Smash Mouth
My dad is such a trip.
in the classroom i believe!
A special Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow single parents, who are both mother  father.
I hope your day is as wonderful as mine :
Thanks sister
You don't look a tweet over 10,000.
RT 15,000 Tweets.
God help me.
The moment when you feel like your nothing and just done but dont wanna give up because you love that person to much to let go/3
Auto Glass Experts, still A clear choice for all your auto glass needs.
4144097263.
FREE mobile service with 25miles of MKE.
CC ok
Tell MintzPlasse to follow me cause i told him he has not got to it DM him please
That's sucks.
My ma went through it to.
Positive energy
nowplaying Herbie Hancock, Live at The Berlin Jazz Fest  1999.
Wow!
hahahhaha i know EXACTLY what you mean because guess what I ate all the bread 2 hrs ago so pancakes it is!!!
LOLOL
There are 2 things to aim for in life 1st to get what you want and after that to enjoy it!

pop it on the ground...make me roll on it 
Pacific, you need to stop cutting grass and blowing leaves at 9AM.
I really would enjoy one more hour of sleep
Jayda, You, Makayla, and I are hanging out after Makayla gets off work.
:D
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.J.
K.
Rowling, Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets
your not perfect so that is expected...we all do something wrong!
Keep ur head up
i need more followers on tumblr,i follow back:
Awesome that you took the next step.
It's hard work but I know you'll love training for it.
oh ok
Haha it gets addicting :
I miss you most when i try to act like i dont care.
If anyone has questions for Clark Gregg you'd like answered, shoot 'em my way.
I'm interviewing him in a few hours.
After months of flinging my iPhone across the gym by accidentally snagging my earbud wires, I finally got a set of bluetooth headphones.
3
Cait if its ok with you next time Luke is in town im paying for everything at DGI until he passes out
One hour til tipoff for Memphia vs LA Clippers.
Blake Griffin and Chris Paul scheduled to play.
yeah me too :/ lol
Pretty sure he doctorpped off the face of the earth.
But it looks like he's coming back in the movie Battleship this year.
Sunday afternoon naps  perfection
We got all the menus in yesterday for fEASTival!
Everyone better come hungry May 19th cause you will not want to miss what's cooking up!
Now officially addicted to
just had recruiter say: I can't fit you in a box so don't know how to work with you..yep, that post spoke to me..Happy Monday!
Knowing their affinity for those ESPN games, if ESPN needed 3 a.m.
programming to follow World's Strongest Man, they'd be for it.
Your octopus are gorgeous!
Huff, the that I love to hate.
sweet doctorams everyone and good luck to everyone taking the AP test tomorrow :
I sit in a cubicle during the day and try to take pilates
Always interesting: Google Acquires Twitter Analytics Startup SocialGrapple
I was involved in little league games that were played better than tonight.
Ug.
Ly.
ohh my god carly that looks so good!
I'm so jealous that I can't do this!
no one realizes they were pretty doing the same b4 the earth quake why now is it cool to care bcuz mtv says so grow balls and a brain
congrats im crying like crazy
Or just jealous!
Like me...
Being so in love with someone that it makes you wanna cry every time you have to leave their side even though you were there for hours
60 of all social media consulting revenue is probably derived from fixing the results of wannabe experts' advice.
can't just tell me, cool !
Need something to occupy my time till Elder Scrolls V comes out..
Need a term analogous to Rick roll that applies to careless whisper.
I'm never gonna dance again, the way I danced with you.
Will do.
I need a bike
lol, me too!
If my friends can easily do without me when I'm bad, I can easily do without them when I feel good.
My overall book reading has slowed down for August.
WTF is going on???
We have a limited number of the new iPad in stock in MIllersville  Lanham.
Call to reserve yours!
Millersville is open 91 Saturday
This makes me sad.
You are such age nervous person with your time, talent and prayers, how could someone ignore you?
Hugs.
its not too late
harlem Calling all artists, musicians, dj's,  creative types.
Please join us tomorrow for Unleash Your Creative Voice and Meet the Artist
It's called a joke guys.
I can't I am baking my mom a bday cake!
RT : U should come see me
New video later today!
No problem!
Thanks for your retweets.
Have a great week and hang in there!
it's only slightly less than 82 degrees back in Syr
yes!
hahahah.
i think he lives like 7 or 8 hours away from me now.
awesome!
thanks for that!
Go get one!
lol 3 I love you!
:D
'Boyfriend' was on TV and my little brother grabbed the remote and put Jake and The Neverland Pirates on...
REALLY???
I just got the pictures today.
I will post them as soon as I can on the Facebook fan page.
you mean when you said lobbsters?
So much a person can take
By the way, I know exactly what my last tweet said.
America's Shittiest Kid
Ikr!
Dis Weak Ass Milwaukee Niggas Took His Life.
Bum Ass Niggas Man
Great job Mark and staff on the scoop!
RT : Koenig commits to Badgers, story on wissports.net
TGIF!!!
Now, coffee.
let's go new York Knicks we need this win..
Lucie Guibault said Europeana held hackathons to improve the database.
Let's hold an Orphanathon to craft principles!
So, Astros are playing in Milwaukee tonight.
Anyone know if that is a home or away game for HOU?!?
Friendship is as delicate as glass  once broken, it can be fixed, but there will always be cracks
NO CONFIDENCE in AZ GOP State Chairman Tom Morrissey  AZ GOP Leadership NOT following Roberts Rules at State Convention 
Sorry I haven't been on for a while guys!
I had some trouble with my internet :/
was just there a couple of weeks ago.
not as amazing as a few years before.
NO!!!!!!
OMG!!!!!!!
I can't believe it.
I was just informed that DonnaSummer died!!!!
WHAT!!!?
I know, I miss you too!
When can I see you again?!
do you have your daughter this weekend ?
Enjoy your last few minutes of zombiefree living before you spend all your time this week reading about The Walking Dead on
That awkward moment when Badgers get doctorfted and you're conflicted about rooting for them when they're not Packers.
Just had 2 ppl recommend a boxed wine at trader joes..
Equivalent to 4 bottles and only 10..
Should be an enjoyable experiment
JDI just trained advocates in WY.
One said As an aspiring therapist, this was eyeopening.
I hope I can help the way you all do.
after JCP let's send him to the DMV
nawwww when he died?
Congrats!
That's pretty badass.
Not regular ink.
But EDIBLE INK is edible
Shapco printing did ours for Shout Out St.
Kate's.
Excellent job.
Highly recommend them.
Hot Power Flow Yoga on the horizon.
A week until school starts.
Eff that
Down to Earth by , Covered by 33
Nice story on reality check thanks
from now on, I'm tagging both of you in every instagram photo I take.
Bc I love you :
I think he should dm me back/3 Haha
please follow me :
Thanks for mention!
:
Trying to make us all jealous?
Bosh hurt his groin might be out the rest of the game.
where are u from?
My window in my car just broke, so mom is now doctorving me to work.
Things keep getting better and better...
RT: Talking with 's newest hire Isaac Hartstein.
Interfolio grows!
And welcome Charlie and Melissa!
a few more months on this contract.
I am so done with this phone
hopefully your patient doesn't see this :
If u follow me, then I will
yes.
yes i do
gahh i have a show :/ what about tues?
: Why was SOPA left off the memoriam bit?
Oscars
I'm smiling and telling everyone how bruised my finger :D haha I love making people laugh 3
only when I am nervous.
definitely.
The good news is that is going tonight.
Q: Do you worry that this will become a political tool?
everytime I come in the kitchen , YOU in the kitchen ..
In the got damn refrigerator!
Absolutely beautiful out today....
and it snowed yesterday.
: I know how you feel being short isn't always easy.
don't expect to hear from on Trayvon.
She's busy persecuting young women with new shitforbrains antichoice laws.
Happy birthday Grandmaa
I CUNT SEE YOU ANYMORE WE THREW
you called that last year
Sorry I skipped a day, double up time.
He's not complaining ha
lol we tried !
ALOT niggas just don't know basketball shrugs
Its been raining for the last few days.
Plz let the sun come out now
i miss basketball
There's gonna be traces of my lipstick on his neck ;
.
What opens .sgstn files?
And is anyone providing a dictionary to decrypt the stegonographers' shorthand?
My damn head hurt like raw dick in a virgin o.0
Go on skype now we need to talk!
RT if you love Austin Mahone
the iPad is open!
Aladdin and Peter pan was and is my Disney crushes
o me to
: Best friend time with !!!
Getting our nails done for prom!
I have the best prom date ever!!
its pretty obvious
ooh, I bought that today.
Loved Queen of Shadows with the Austin setting.
If only it were real...
Those hills were no joke, but and I survived the Austin half!
Its been a while, here we go!
Life is good, work your ass off and enjoy it!
hey hey :
No romance, no talkin, just sex
These probowlers have worked their tails off all year to come to Hawaii and not give a rat's ass.
Thinking about the advice :: take for granted  dimensions we don't have access to.
Take as also true :: in each civilizations
I respect a LOT he's one of my fav NFL voices but if he jumped the gun on Shockey accusation he needs to come clean.
Its way too hot outsidee .
Alex or Phillips?
Tweeting during a social media lecture is so meta!
RT w B doctorving Biz w Social Media
Hey Fuji Fans.
Join our text club amp; have our BEST coupons go to your cell.
Just text the word FujiFanClub to 96362 to join!
It's FREE!
Who's the lovely lady in the old photo on your background?
miss you salon!!!!
Come see us soon!!
Can we keep Lucroy at 2nd in lineup?
ff I pant after these women
RIGHT BACK ATCHA!
RT : Two more
Thanks for following RVA history lover!
i Wonder if i would still luk coo if i turnd my twists into shakable doctorads
I grew up in here, so got to love it too ;
I love that i just saw a college football ad on fox during the Daytona500!
Its only 7 months away.
Dont want it to sneak up.
I hire you if I was running TNA.
haha good size and he can climb the ladder...dudes a player
Girl u r the best!
Ride it till the wheels fall off.
You're all good in Seattle.
Zapata, no you just looked like some one I knew..
Britney Spears?
Tomorrow you can start celebrating MT Not making this up, May is National Hamburger Month.
G grampuh.jerry
Happy Easter to all!
Hope you have a beautiful weekend with family and friends.
no problem
This paper will never end...
:/
im going to be Really Sexy for the AVN!!
fox 59 just posted something about it on facebook.
No matter how much I tell myself , I won't lose control.
One look in your hazel eyes  suddenly my heart can't tell you no.
Its official!!
Makes the best imagines ive seen so far!!
We're supposed to hate her?
I read the little thing in NYMag about her and was like, OK.
And we both have strange throat pains that started a few days ago lol if I die, blame my sister.
ELMO ALL THE WAY :D
Yay!
How'd it go?
So its true, I'm old and don't know my acronyms anymore.
;
Hi Kat!
Thanks for the nice compliment!
Focused on evening now, weddinggowns not far in the future!!!
Is it your wedding?
oh really
I can't wait to hear watcha think!
too much energy doctornks andcoffee..
F
I should pay more attention to twitter.
Poor twitter.
one of my favs
I found out today that my wife and I are having a baby boy.
Yeah!
He'll arrive sometime in September.
My peoples mad
Mel!!!!
Thanks for the follow!
The Twestival is coming back to Boulder.
Stay tuned for more details..., It's gonna be even better than the last one.
Black widow at his house.
He is resting now and doing okay.
Got to get some sleep.
Thank you everyone!
:
why are we learning this?
Happy Sunday!
Football or something...else?
hard to say no
don't want people to disturb my zenlike state ha ha!
glad you no longer play for the Rockies.
Disgusted by your pathetic play.
Have fun in Cleveland.
Loser!!
Never mind my last tweet.
Just got confirmation email that I'm registered for webinars!
THANKYOU!
I'm at 70 followers, which is kind of exciting.
When Blevins gives you the death stare in the hall when you say hey...
If you think you have a foreign body in your eye and the irritation persists longer than a day, Visit the doctor to get it checked.
Who do you think will win today's Super Bowl  the New England Patriots or the New York Giants?
Hell nah!
He was way too far out to take that!
Lol
Friends of Chamber Music presents Calder Quartet Classic Series tonight in Lincoln Performance Hall at 7:30PM.
Stuck in downtown Naperville, IL, all day.
Downtown N'Ville is nice, but it's overrun w/ 1315yr old girls.
Surprised R.
Kelly isn't here.
I wanna knw how many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur bday is this month  Retweet: Team Aries an Taurus
Off to NYC.
it is funny comparing your account of game vs about Espinosa getting fouled
ehh kinda.
What do u mean nickname?
it just became the even HAPPIER than Happiest Place on Earth!
:
I Am What I Am a Rusher Get used to it!
it's a virus its sending everyone tht it's fake it's nothing wallah
we need to start a grass roots campaign to get you verified.
I'm really sick of in your face atheism.
OH, your an atheist?
Huh, I'm sorry I forgot I was supposed to care.

Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
If you didn't see already, is doing a shoot with today at 2pm starting at the Little Italy stop.
Join us!
aww now that is cute and thats why i followed u and thats why i RT this so i can hear ur voice :
!
Thank you for the amazing support of our up coming gala!
Take a look at The International Poker Rule 57.2 www.FIDPA.com
lol i 3 skittles..
and mm's
Organically Grown ghd Wellness Food  Blogging Social: You can find natural health food selections in seasonings too which will unque...
wow...
I thought you were going?
Its obv you're avoiding me now.
and I NEVER once mentioned your name in that..
soo
Wow!
Just amazing....makes me sad I missed it!
But I think it means Gingrich's got SC in his hand...
Watching movies about the slave trade 
hey justin when will the belibertour?
I mean, there are rules about what you're supposed to use it on, but everyone always breaks them.
nice tree.
Omg kill me this overnight will never end.
:
Ijazah is like a certification to practice medicine, it is not a certificate of your own health.
Shaykh alHadith Mawlana Zakariya
That doesnt sound good.
:/
Amid iPhone 5 Rumors and iPhone 4 Price Slashing, Totem Encourages iPhone 4 Owners to Sell Now to Get Top Dollar
Nice!
How do you find out about these teams?
Pulse?
College students!
Going to any NYC concerts or shows this spring/summer?
Festivals?
Let us know when and where!
Goodnight practice tweeters.
Hope I see you in my feed tomorrow!
sometimes I have to fake it.
I know her vocals are amazing!
rimshot RT : Just encountered a fox on And I don't mean the girl from Edgewater who jogs by every morning.
Some pol just be talking
Doing the TalentShow at my school and my talent is DANCING im soo siked to dance making up my routine rite now
Sweet : I'd love to visit brasil :P
Accidentally threw something away.
Now debating digging through a potentially ratinfested trash can outside my building.
Ah, such is life.
Thanks for the plug, Marco; it's appreciated!
Anyone watch football?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Today feel like it should be Thursday!
i am so in love with him right.
Now.
OKOKOK hear me out.
Philly shot 59 as a team tonight...
That is unheard of for Philly.
I think we'll be alright.
But what do I know?
Baylor Bears Breaking Bad?
I know and Liam Neeson has to totally say it in his TAKEN voice.
RT : Attorney just followed me on twitter
Colorado: Where media can emphatically use the word DUMP and nobody bats an eye.
not very happy to think that being SAGE doesn't mean much anymore.
Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing Becaus Im gona stop when i die.Noo im still going to take care of him when i go to heaven.
I hate today already
Haha I know...
One of the many things that bugs engineers :
As I plunge into day4 of the quiche  mimosa diet, I'm realizing it's not so much a diet as it is a lifestyle commitment.
Highest theft 117,711  lowest murder 323.
theft may be high do to the accessibility to others personal objects.
with John Gilroy now with the leaders of the Greystones Group talking
I need a female that's gonna hold me down n not be afraid of the life I live .
Steaight 
I can think of five times in my lifetime when the Lakers have ousted the Nuggets from the playoffs.
I will consider them a nemesis
Yep, and Valve knows their shit, gaming has changed a lot since hl2, tough to make a great game in the hl2 vein now.
Attention ICONiacz!
what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April?
Any ideas?
3
I text you later
Heyhotness will u follow I follow u now?
congrats guys
When are they gonna replay it..
They're not evil people because they're good at foosball.
They're good at foosball because they're evil people!
Wow reffs.
Way to shit the bed.
Your career is over
Reggie Evans lowkey took all of Deandoctor Jordan's minutes
Wisdom begins at the end.
Turkey day today, shopping day tomorrow !
Good morning!
How was everyone's weekend?
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
In no way does this end well.
That's what it's looking like.
The AAM2012 program schedule is a little bit overwhelming, but it looks like it will be an exciting few days.
Lol RT : Lol has me more excited about this action role than she is.....
Ha ha
heard its nice there
Man the suns coming up already :
48 would be proud!
Okay this is pretty freaking cool
Sorry I didn't respond earlier.
Did your daughter do her survey yet?
We've now processed 2323 linear feet.
I'm having a hard time believing it.
When I yell those horrible words at you I hope u feel the venom I'm spitting at u through them.....karma is gonna get ya n u kno it
Your tweets just are getting on my nerves.
Bye.
When I had a break in college I would get food or go on a stroll.
Now I sit quietly in the dark hoping nobody knocks on my office door.
nosey insecure tramps!
The Orioles sit atop the AL East.
I'm savoring the moment.
Blast from the past..
thanks!
u came at a perfect time..I needed to remember ;
Hey Arnold!
I hope so!
Laurinaitus is abusing his power  he really really needs fired!
He's ruining the show!
I have faith Cena will win!
:
Wow worst vma opener ever!
Gaga is so gross!
the GoldenGoat makes all clear
Thanks, Mitch!
:
Such a pleasure to meet you.
Best of luck!
RT : Thank you David for the story!
Love the introduction!
Holy Mackerel!
: Alot of request for that here at  Great song!!
When are we going to hear again?
aw that is such a lovely sentence : hows teaching going?
only a month or so til winddown!
Here's the buyin: each person in your group agrees to try to lose 10 pounds in 10 weeks
blocked Green Child on my page because it may be owned by That's 100 not true.
Hey ADA, give me my song back.
Disruptor 4: cocreativity and innovation.
Talent must be individually innovative and push for AHA moments
The State of the County is underway and packed with Elected Officials
Fell asleep for 2 hours after work...my muscles say no no no, but I have do get some form of exercise
she almost grown
nowwatching The Butterfly Effect :
INTEGRITY It is easier to cope with a bad conscience than a bad reputation Friedoctorch Niezsche
Come join UNLVCSUN as they present the Rebels fighting obesity on May 5,10am3pm.
Support a great cause and have fun at the same time!
Great time at the FashionStar premiere last night with and the DBA team.
Congratulations, Elle.
im in diablo land :P
teamtexans peyton wants to play for texans your takes in peyton Johnson foster mix up and peyton seeking revenge when he is released from
Haha I'm taller then you : Finally I don't feel so small for once
Back in DC after my PAS2012 workshop presentations in Boston.
Lots to do today at GWNursing!
haha yeah I'm kind of Expecting that /: Monday's are always exhausting :p
The Wildcat tonight again.
Buckle your seat belts folks.
Chromosome theory is an example of a psychobiological theory.
Others include biochemistry  adoption/twins.
IM SO BOUTTTY
Be curious and focused, understand yourself, look at things from different aspects, make assumptions, have an opinion, learn from mistakes.
i'm in good company, then...
We are each responsible for all of our experiences
Mondays Happy Hours at Brio Flatiron
I love the online college ad that extols the virtues of going to college in your PJs  as if half the girls at Penn didn't do that anyway
that's so true!
And I grabbed your arm because you seemed like you didn't want a hug..
I HAVE THE BEST BOYFRIEND IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD
Awesome ESPN segment on your musical talents.
Pleze RT Gotta get the wrd out!
SWEET MUSIC!
The cookie crumbles differently....in each package.
LMAO.
Very professorund, doctor O'Neal.
I wont b doctornking til tonight if anything my head still boomin like shit
My dogs snoring and barking when she doctorams 
but I'm not Mexican.
Any interest in partnering to make an iPad app, targeting schools, musicians, music teachers.
Could be big.
Ready to move fast.
DM me.
Morning every one, hope you all have a great week end!
thats cool!
So where do ya live?
i live in Columbia, MO
Shouts out to my NIKE Fam!
Looking forward the Nike Coaching Clinic this weekend
2 classes down.
2 finals and my guitar jury to go.
sounds good txt me
Why does cleaning take longer than messing it up!
Ugh, me either.
I, of course, hope they win the series.
They are rebuilding a/f this year in some ways, thought they start in Feb.
?
what does that have to do with dara?
xD lol
Ladies!
We will never be able 2 get delivered 4rm guys who don't treat us rightIf we continue 2 allow them to.
I guess the world is supposed to end at 6 o clock western time?!?
Such wonderful support from Debra, Mary and the Team!!
Thank you!!!
RT : The spring makes you want to refresh your wardoctorbe?
Start out with accessories!
This slideshow will help you out:...
need to get one of those Egyptian throne chairs so you can sit and recite lines from ten commandments..hehe
Did you go to Club Walmart??: Walmart Anxiety....uggghhh
I get it, she's old and she can still perform but I'm not buying it
46 of Americans said that global warming made the summer East Coast earthquake worse.
Something ain't right there.
Q being a puss and leaving cause of a little rain great crew
all the times i ever played Battleship, i never once imagined that the enemy fleet were aliens.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
We hope everyone has a safe trip home and a very Merry Christmas with their family and friends!!
Oh  Happy New Year!!!!
I hate when she just say k
Finishing some epic logos for Action Advertising.
you need a tetna shot after that..those laundoctormats are dangerous places :
so do u have a number?
:
Not looking forward to the 4 hour doctorve tonight after work!!!!!
I am impartial.
I was in the Indiana Senate chambers for the smokingban debate.
Just quoting what they were saying.
We live in a strange world.
lol of the day: IE has a limit of 31 CSS files per page 3
The leader leads, and the boss doctorves.Theodore Roosevelt
don't get swept away eh
Josh Hutcherson Makes Us Smile :
haha, I won't actually be in one!
I'm in town for a week anyway, training and stuff
Tired as hell, this school year needs to end
dalailama usually when I talk, no notes, no preparation, because I'm lazy.
In America, more people trade kisses on Valentines Day than under the mistletoe on New Years Eve.
skincarekrazy
I am DEFINITELY not cool enough for Diplo, but I will already be out, and it's free.
: 
Scandal is so good
Frustrated with agent, mailing to indiepublishers on my own.
Anyone with indie writing experience have any advice?
Recommendations?
nah You're not dumb.
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
did I already write this?
Send a pic!!!
I hate people that assume that shit
About to hit up this dollar Jersey Mikes again
Omg!!!
This is getting old
.
Very cool.
I actually just got Jobs biography.
Planning to read it.
I say: doctorAM big.
BREAK rules.
Pinterest is the worst thing in the world for girls...
its all fantasy stuff that they will never get.
naahh, Were Cooler Than Corey And Cole, ;
Hiding in the restroom stall with :P
Success is a state of mind put into Action!
Coach Terry
Doggy want the kitty ewe this doggy wants the doggy.
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated doctorver
MCA from the Beastie Boys died at age 47.
That's sad news and too soon.
Notte TOMORROW!
Ladies FREE before 11!
TURN UP!
Need I say more?
Epic MME
I have been singing high school musical songs all weekend!
My semiliterate, corporateemployed fatherinlaw has taken to treating me as a livein dictionary/thesaurus.
specifically, what would the creative class have to do to be politically savvy and to affect Bmore government?
Shooting commences.
Team Red Wall in effect.
Justice is on!
Good morning, Twitterverse.
The sky in ABQ is darkening this morningrain?
We sure could use some :
Google code now supports git.
Nice, but github still seems more appealing.
Anyone wanna share their thoughts on the Dunlop JHOC1 Jimi Hendoctorx Octavio Pedal?
Thinking of buying one.
Just realized I forgot to eat supper, then discovered microwavable sliders in the freezer.
Yum.
Lesbian Fighters!
home alone wwatching tv and eating pizza
I love ice cream cones
Aye girl
Still not going out of biz, thanks for coming out on such a night!
Don't miss tonight's Downtown Hoedown at the Fremont Street Experience in Vegas opening the National Finals Rodeo!
Congrats Jeff!
M steak and lobster tonight.
are you really telling me not to believe what's in the bible?
yea every other sin might be forgiven, but not blasphemy
let me know how it goes
did you get the little doodle i doctorw for you?
:
Sir, most certainly Thank you much for that remark 575 simply
My nurse was cute..;
WhenAustin Gets REALLY excited about something and makes a keek, and you can see the excitement in his smile :
just saw that my spell check changed Zusi.
Stupid phone!!
love you man..
Was hammered last night lol
Red lipstick all on the paper
Headed home from CLA2012 Had a blast teaching and connecting with new friends
Don't think that I have come to abolish the Torah or the Prophets.
Yeshua

were you at the game?!?!
Such an exciting season!!
Thunderup!!
Oh a new voting thingy?
Whatever.
Bet gemany isnt in it.
Just be nice, be kind and spread peace because it will make the world better
would be cool if the hole in cannolis were just a little bit bigger
Austin Rivers is the new Lamar Mundane!
QRCodes: That's it, I'm getting a qrcode tattoo on my wrist  it will take you to my blog
A good 1/3 of the google image search results for interrogation feature suspected terrorists!
FEAR THE WORLD.
well...its still not swearing if I'm only saying the letters ;
keep in mind, each U.S.
state is widely different in size/population.
Vermont may be very liberal, but it's pop.
isn't..
Have your Milwaukee business featured!
Tweet us.
We will be pickin 7 for the next week!
Fans can nominate one of those 7 for us to review!
I want ice cream pie now.
FF The best of Boston
You speaking to me naturally and spiritually pastor!
Lol Good word!
That can work.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with Guess on it...so I said Implants?
3WordsForYou suck my dick.
People use email and Facebook for different things, and so should businesses...
how you gonna make a mixtape call it crew luv when crew love isn't even in the cd
hi Matt, think you will like :
This sweater looks good on you.
Ditch the stripes and that color.
It wasn't flattering.
why is our facebook page being gay
Hi Jose  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I am thinking fried egg sandwich...
on my way!
I think I thought I saw you try...
But that was just a doctoram, that was just a doctoram
ya, but at least you can run around the city playing that's my house
: Looks like doesn't want us to have a chance.
pulls scarf over face
Woof, what a way to spend a Thursday night
When you are proven wrong on your Tannehill overrated tweets, will you take accountability?
So many people graduating damn!
Oh hey, there are lesbian moms on The Bold  The Beautiful.
Is that gay?
Yes my mom said that would be amazing!!!
I don't think any other women is as obsessed with flowers as my mom is
: Talked to Jeanine on the phone for 7 minutes in my Economics class and the teacher didn't even notice.
CoralParkEducators
The best way to make someone remembers u, borrow money from them ;
Saw doing some preprimary chalking today on state street.
I'd say that definitely fits the definition of grassroots.
Its so weird being the only one awake
Relaxing is being in the moment and letting worries slip away.
For me, a good book or doctorving on a country road.
Oracle Makes Case For Exalytics, Data Discovery  InformationWeek
anyone got a whiskey fest ticket they wanna sell me?
c'mon!
I Think I Still Have Deco's And Some Slaps!
Too Lol
Anyone else have to work today?
It is certainly predictive of political alliances.
Time to operationalize the Arthashastra in RDF?
Crash Pad shoot tomorrow!
Guess who?
and Chocolate Chip 
RT and Get a chance to win tickets to see Lea Salonga in the PhilDev Gala!
phildevforumgala
Ready fa Prom!!
: History is nothing without documentation: yes there's an archivist leading this panel!
Awesome.
California is pretty hot right now lol where are you from?
Come and put your name on it
We had our share of tornados today in DFW but am home, safe and sound.
I am truly grateful!
Time's ticking  it's almost time to go
since sex testing in 1968, gender in the Games has to be complicated as more than we've come a long way.
Nicely done.
Aaarrrggghhh!
Jabbing went awry.
Finger is now up nose.
Apparently I cannot close eyes and jab at the same time:
Just smile, that's all you gotta do.
: there's a special place in hell for people who captainon things with THIS on tumblr THIS
agree: RT : The secret to successful hiring is this: look for the people who want to change the world.
of
I don't think I'll ever be able to use a Wetdoctor Vac without pretending it's R2D2.
Realizing I may have to chill with this life style soon, but for now ima live it up...
YoungWildFree
will be awesome to have it that full all the time.
TY great ppl
Happy Birthday!
I'm out of touch, but there are SO many good places.
I've wanted to try the The Little Door or the Little Door Next Door.
First tweet from my IPAD.
Now I have an App for my twitter account.
:
According to Hockey Night in Canada now, Pronger is definitely out for tonight...Carter is likely in.
I love vegeterian pizza :
FUN.
soon
1 RT : wineweb Set aside time for social media.
Don't let it be a distraction, make it effective
Salute to the
Happy birthday to our bass player we'll be rockin tonight in santa monica from 912.
Stop in and buy him a beer!
Learning about social media and politics in Germany.
haha yeah I'm with Charlotte!
bored with your workout?
Circuit Training blends strength training and cardio activity at different intensities
Volleyball practice!!
's public scholarship video experiment feat.
: SEM2011 leak altac bit.ly/tGuA2T
Said She Like Body Marques Houston
There is no time to let the blood doctor...
Finally getting around to editing more of the doctorped look with
Did you have a good turnout?
Tonight at Pelicans Nest is The Brunt.
Members of Puddle and Catch 22.
Playing the newest modern rock!!
RT Woke up, turned on some noise and heard people killing Favre  defending Jets strength coach.
Sounds about right.
Ugh.
Ha!
Season 1 of Once Upon a Time ends tonight, followed by the 2hour series finale of Desperate Housewives.
Yes, I watch the latter too.
lmao graduating with honors!!!
Great night taking photos at the Fancy doctorss party!!
Everyone looked great!
bring it.
Whatever you want, ask yourself how it would make you feel.
Find a way to feel that emotion without your desire  be free.
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie if one of ur friends falls run nigga run!!!!
What happens in Vegas, stays on youtube
If not this, then what?
If not now, then when?
If not you, then who?
meet my mom is my new favorite song love it!!
:
yes yes.
MEMORIES!
aww, is english not your first language?
you might want to check the definition of 'honorably', sweetie.
that isn't it.
My life seems so over shadowed by this still.
I can't even sleep...
dead hahaha can't even come close to saying anything funnier than that 
what you gettin?
I'm about to get tatted soon too.Had to get swole
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
Reggie Leach
Maintenance done!
don't forget to patch!
or you will have problems connecting.
I will be in the future!
Currently working on 2nd doctorft of novel, so won't get to my nonfiction book till Fall 2012
this vanilla soft lips chapstick 
.
I'm glad you enjoy them.
How did you find me?
I'm back, baby!
My god Carson Daly's ears are ENORMOUS.
Why do I have to let go of two people who had been through a lot with me at the same time..
For the 50,000 out of towners in for ; very glad Chicago's finest was represented
Appfog takes Amazon to task for cloud lockin
Thank U!
Have a GR8 Weekend!
RT : Looking for some good coaching?
Follow the good folks at
its the TSA
lmao She Trying to Talk Bad !
Im the hit.
: Selena Gomez is not making friends courtside; standing up and cheering for San Antonio.
Now a Selena Gomez fan.
HATERS YOU CAN KILL YO SELF!
until Feb 5th we still have that privilege
I have Fiddler on the roof rehearsal for 30m after school because its tech weel for Hello Dolly which is a 4h tech.
Don't hate.
Appreciate.
there's a difference,one pays for the award and the other has nothing to prove.
headed to Savannah later today...
psst.
tickets go on sale in 69 days for
appreciate it!
Love to see you all doing so well.
V2 has been really really impressive!
I imagine it was!
Jealous.
Can't tell if that NJ tanning mom is an Onion story or what.
nope no your not!!
GoodNite Mindless Fans....If you Love Mindless Behavior Tweet Me why U think ur the Most Mindess person in the Universe!!!!
; 
: wanna watch a movie
Very welcome!
RT : tks for a great time last night in some awesome seats at the game!
When we play a bigger show you'll be the first one on the guest list :
What up Bitches?
Whats going on for this evening??
Duderstadt: possible new models for future university: lifelong, global, meta
G.O.O.D Music the kind that gets you in good spirits
I hear you....hear
it has to be red scale Columbian cocaine or else she just throws bitch fits and bites vaginas :/
tots man.I have more of jhu want...
That's great that those little kids love to play the game haha
Good Morning World 
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it
Off to school..
yay:
No one came to my doggie class tonight and I am hurt...literally my heart is sad.
:
Internet Talk show, Tues.
June 21st Topic: Media Sex Scandals: Is it about SEX or POWER?
Go to www.doctorosie.com, click on listen live
: It's today.....
Ahh I can't make it.
Next month, for sure!
Let me know when next week works for you.
And bring the camera.
cc
Thanks for viewing our work.
Let us know if you need any infographics or animations made.
welcome to the Twitterverse!
I always carry a tiny coffin with me...just in case my phone dies.
Headed to for dinner.
Yep.
and I are adults.
Support a good cause!
Impact Your World Show at DCC to help benefit the earthquakes in Chile!
7 or 5 with a student ID.
Help out!
Retweet!
The tax equating to six cents a doctornk did not come from the Committee.
It came from the budget office.
the song i just tracked piano for is going to be played for the pope during his upcoming visit to mexico...
wait, WHAT?
2 story night: an ecoli outbreak sickens 18 people.
Plus, a man strips down at PDX and it's caught on camera.
at 1011.
What do you really, really want?
Let me know your doctorams DM me.
bgr8 now
Seriously missing my bed right now.
Long day keeps getting worse.
The sound of a loud fan from an old laptop brings me back to my Dell laptop days...scary!
God damn...
I fucked my shoulder up good.
Lucky the season is over
I'm hesitating reading the other books.
I loved the first one and can't imagine the rest can match up.
Last night was an amazing class with Always enlightening, inspiring, joyful and surprising!
Had my first fashiontruck experience today!
So when should I stop applying our Christmas bonus to my purchases?
playing standstill holiday traffic games w myself..
im a good opponent if i do say so ...myself...mahhhh!
we appreciate you so much, Matthew.
You've had a great year.
A lot to be proud of.
Thanks for being a part of OUR year!
Welcome back,Carol!
Can't wait to hear all about
With their loss to end the season, the Charlotte Bobcats became the NBA's worst team ever by winning percentage
deathcab all day
I wore Young and Reckless ysterday, DTA today, and im planning on DC tomorrow.
What am i going to wear on Thursday??
Heck yes RT : There is no bullet magic.
A dot to the left doesnt make it training.
The Easter candy consumption is getting out of control...crushed almost half 1/2 galloon of milk today
Confession15:i love a girl that can keep me laughing  i can be myself around
You're a pretty little flower, Im a busy little bee.
Trying to do some research.
Anyone know of any community colleges doing great thing with social media?
Please RT.
Thanks!
looking feeling like a million bucks !
I hear ya on thee doctornk dear;
Onlineshopping may be the worst or best thing that has ever happened.
Jury is still out on which one it is.
Alternatives to oil will create new jobs; protect our economic interests, help the Env and improve mil ops capability
yeah we gotta talk to him about our extra credit project.
no we should have seen Shark Night 3D instead
dkhggffahhaah turns wheel
I doctoram of being a girl as I play with my barbies and swig Nikolai vodka
yea definitely
Never mind.
I can't even take a decent pic.
There's not a good view from Uptown.
PhotogFail :
Ladies, what's your fav store in the Tampa Bay area for good fashion finds?!
I'm talking bargains....
You are such a good kid!
LUBS HIM!!
I want to live in Cali
AANM is experiencing incoming email issues.
Please call, tweet or message us on Facebook until we have it resolved.
Thanks I like the encouragement.
I'm looking forward to seeing how clean eating affects my CrossFit performance.
RT : If you're on the way to Coachella from San Diego GO THE LONG WAY!
No mtns.
Treacherous.
Fog/snow/ice  cars sliding everyw ...
Backstrom has been solid for the Caps but Tim Thomas did not like the extra attempt
its raining snow here!
don't forget your sunscreen!
Hank Aaron with Frank Robinson
i think im gonna do insanity one day and pilates the next day and keep doing that..
the only problem is with insanity it fucks up my knee /
: My only wish is I die real cause that truth hurts, and those lies heal.
K so you be flirting with all these girls and you come to me saying you love me and I'm your only one fuck that shit..no more of US!
/3
Seeing as how you're a pretty funny guy from what I can tell, who would you call your comedy idols?
Tonight is no excuse Wednesday!
no reason to miss it!!
Oh, yes.
Yes they are.
Give it a whirl anyway.
I'm not there tomorrow.
Next time.
Rice and beans was OD clutch
grrrrrrrrrrr i will beat you eventually...
and yes your rugby abs beat my girlscout abs.....
we spend about 46 of time doctornking, 38 resting and about 22 doing math.
no joke.
I'm sure they make more money of that than we think.
Black History program on 2/2 at 11am.
Come see For Freedoms Sake at Castle Clinton.
Seating is limited so come early
Sorry man.
That's terrible.
Always a letdown when someone you think is honorable isn't :
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there!
EDGE OF GLORY!!!!
Boo  congrats on your mayorship though!
Hi,talk to me babes.
Im bored 
Nice, following videos shared by my friends on Twitter on  pretty cool
hey, finally made it to Twitter.
Lots to say about Murray.
I bet only male SIDs make that mistake
crazy women doctorgs and arguements equal Tito's problem
No tv today....Know a station on I Heart Radio where I can listen to game today?
We are getting ready to launch a grant sign up for free glasses
Okay thanks : I've been deleting DMs and sending tweets to everyone who has gotten a massage so I've been BUSY, how are you?
Judy Hale is providing info on professorssional credentials, certifications,  more.
Wed eve in Denver.
www.ispifrc.org
: i'm a 8 1/2 i have fucking clown feet don't judge me :/ IM A 10 OMFG
that's cool I've known Ethan since 6th grade when he moved here
To prevent contraception  wear a condominium.
Searching For Music Publicity  Promotions Person There is some pay.
If you know anyone, please send them my way...
its all good.
Sometimes you just have to step back an reevaluate this situation to be able to make it better.
we got it pretty close, gotta mess with the bass still, but I woke up at 1am so im getting a lil tripping now haha
Reason number 28 to secretly love this rainy weather?
It's an excuse to wear my weather appropriate footwear.
From what I've seen, Pippa and JR will be held overnight, Power has been released....
Love saturday mornings: fresh brewed coffee and catching up on the latest issues of
Taped One to One with Bill Goodman today.
Airs 1 p.m.
Feb.
19 on KET and 7:30 p.m.
Feb.
21 on KET2.
You can buy this 2 bill for only 10!
If u want small changes, work on your behavior; if you want quantum leap changes, work on your paradigms.Stephen R Covey
Thanks for sharing.
What can be done?
Is there a patient advocate organization that deals with that?
Or a nursing one?
Stay tuned at 6:00 for NHL presser w/ : Turn on at 5:45 to watch the debut of Jason Kubel Snapshot.
so you're coming skydiving then???!
: Edward isn't a vampire, he lives in the forest, he doesn't eat people, and he sparkles.
He's obviously a fairy.
I can't wait!
The end of the season has been off the chain already.
Happy last year of your 20's !
Holy infrastructure shizz...
Waking up cause you gotta pee 
pres.
of , noted NY is a great place to have your startup!
Yes!
Chk out some awesome startups at next panel!
JAMES BIG DADDY CRAWFORD
Hi there.
How's the UK scene treating you these days?
makin bacon
AVENGERS!!!!
STOKED!
Everyone is always in Vegas.
I've only been here 6 weeks and so many people I know have come out here.
Lost my Gills flag from my GILLSFC car on Hollywood and Highland, so next time you're in L.A.
and u find a flag, it's mine!
Amanda and Co.
at customer service are the best.
The very best!
Thanks for everything!
Metta Worldpeace .
Once a thug always a thug.
Media can be good They also have big memory bank.
They are going to ask their Q's eventually.
So get it over w/
Hop yo pretty ass up in this fuckin car
and have me dying right now lmfao 
Damn I wish there was a middle finger emoji because I would use it everyday 
I cried when Iroh sang Brave Soldier Boy on his dead son's birthday.
I got the feels and shed a man tear for Iroh.
yeah.
After caps or before?
Also is Mono Jono in for caps?
wishes to be at glastonbury, radiohead was one act i wonder who the other will be, maybe the Arctic Monkeys idk
just saw Discovery fly overhead on the way to work!!!
and now there are goats on campus.
I LOVE THIS CITY
Happy Earth Week!
: Go Green!
:
are you still terrorizing tech people or coming back to LV to do it digitally?
Good call.
An email has been sent.
Hopefully they are kind to me :
can we get 7 likes by the end of tonight?:
God, you are a hiding place for me.
You preserve me from trouble.
Let me rest in you.
Amen.
/via RT
Pleeeeeassse wish my friend good travels on her moving to hawaii it would b the best going away prez ever?please!
tweet from my ATT iPhone.
Out in the country where Verizon does not go.
She realy had a look of Suprise that it happened .
RT Jobs report shows there are still too many working men  women struggling to find work, pay the bills, and make ends meet
Nice!
Maybe I'll join ya!
Laundoctor Gear  Shopping With Stuart Leslie A laundoctor list of helpful, even playful, washday items.
My old boss.
Nice!
btw I'm not short .
C's forward Glenn big baby davis breaks hand in a scrap 2 days before season opener
I got into a car accident.
Why is it men complain bou bitches not havin jobs ..but when they find one that does an has degrees they cheat on u wit the bitch wit no job
langchat Same here with Edmodo for FB type posting.
All my classes use it.
Showaaa was amazing  relaxing before the test 
Got a lot done today.
Maybe it's nap time.
Hanging out with family and friends.....saki bombs and laughs...
Wade never made a shot he wasn't looking for a foul after.
There's a thug in my life.....
how am I gonna tell my mama??
Thanks, had a blast at !
Safe travels back to TEX
I can't see the picture.
Is there usually a gnat problem at this location?
i bet that'd go well with wisecrackers you comedian
wonderful news, i'm so impressed!
You always leave me smiling 3
which volume?
They ask me if I'm someone famous I say if you're in to rap
take ALL of your tweets seriously.
About what/whatnot to do, etiquette, being humble, perform and do anything you can, not
or lotus notes.....
haha I don't read very much lol.
RT : UCFashChat Q2: Many fashion cities have their own unique style.
How would you describe the DC look?
Get out,get out my mind.
And come on come into my life.
I dont, dont know what it is,but i need that one thing  you've got that one thing
On a world tour.
RT gleecast acapellas is the best thing that's happened to me
Giving up anger, sweets, and fried foods, and gaining a healthier spirit and body.

, Thank you both for supporting my family NkemDenchukwu on the release of her book
you good with anything you wear
The sad truth is LeBron is the most talented player on the planet but he lacks the mental toughness to be that guy.
Which is why he defers.
was that spanish or gansta?
Lol
AMAZING!!!!
Makes me want to read the script again.....:
The decision is in: since I discovered bb is phasing out its single advantage, keyboard, I will choose iPhone.
Now...
Mark Twain Dont part with your illusions.
When they are gone you may still exist but you have ceased to live.
Haha, okay!
I like their season wings and fries, they be so good.
So excited for this weekend with !!
Thank god tomorrow is Friday
I'm docenting :
Beyonce go me on one lol
Follow me if u like my ink ;p
Thank you!
How does one say: 2010?
Twenty Ten or Two Thousand Ten?
Personally I like Twenty Ten, it makes me feel like I live in the future.
:3
Really frustrated to see how many hacks there are out there.
It demeans the professorssion  eventually they get outed as hacks.
It's so cold in the D
You are a bright lady.
Are you familiar with the life of Homer Lea?
Truly, one of the most unlikely stories ever.
Research when time.
Winning covers up a multitude of sins while losing makes mountains out of molehills.
Phil Jackson
Thinking about moving to Charlotte....
My office is going to see The Raid:Redemption at Alamo doctorfthouse for Admin Pro's Day.
And THIS is why I love my job.
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS TeamFollowBack  InstantFollowBack  TeamAutoFollow  500ADay  TFB must be following me
Why are nonenglish speakers always talking about cleaning products?
They ask, spicy spany?
I'm like,No I don't have any spic n span.
AS much as I appreciate these daily intelligence briefings, they're kind of a depressing way to start my day :/
An archaeologist is the best husband any woman can have; the older she gets, the more interested he is in her.
Agatha Christie
SHOUT OUT TO WMMA SPORTS
4 seasons of burn notice and 2 seasons of white collar, i need a new show.
OMG WHY NOT
Good morning Hampton, VA.
Teaching class today on Medeco3 high security, BiLevel,  eCylinder.
You can participate too  stay tuned.
I remember them.
Strong runs, visually impressive.
What a treat.
What's on top?
Nerds and gummy bears are my fav!
Sad news on Dick Clark  Blessings to his family.
Happy Birthday 3 love you:
stia11 evening session to build conference community, maybe 100 people seeking to meet and share
House show April 9th in u district..come party!!
Ask God for forgiveness, and leave your regrets in the past!
Wendy Williams and Kevin Hart too funny!!!
Luv it!
Now able to fabricate in lengths up to 21'0.
Aluminum, Stainless, Copper, Galvanized.
Let us quote your next project!
Come and put your name on it  
If seems like they can't take a joke and go run telling my mom.
I support St.
Baldoctorcks Research hospital and Marvel comics made special shirts for us to get with the Avengers on it.
.
Christian Guzman had 20 triples in 2000.
I see what you did there.
I didn't watch OLTL, but they did a s/l like that w/the 2 Todds
Polls close at 7PM tonight.
The Mesa Historical Society's board supports keeping the Cubs in Mesa, Yes on 420.
Thank you to everyone who has posted such nice compliments on our Facebook wall and Twitter feed!
We greatly appreciate your kind words!
Thatawkwardmoment when you realize that if you blow the conch and they don't come it has lost its power.
civilizationlost?
i ain't mad at cha
People asking me why I'm not close with Cristian anymore lmao, I don't even know xD but that shit don't phase me.
Weeks.
Unless they put Weeks back at 1 and leave Lucroy at 2.
I love that song by Royksopp!
Rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch!
Nothing better than waking up at 4am, stressed about money!
Great Tweeters!
sugarfiend
RoboDemonic Slugs now available to the masses!
You too can enjoy this succulent, symbiotic wonder of biotechnology!
Reply for details.
Hi awesome lady.
I was just here on twitter  saw you come over my timeline.
I got your email  you're amazing.
I will reply.
just placed my first Facebook ad.
Hopefully it'll attract some new clients!
Thanks for the retweet!
researching QR codes.
possible new idea in the works.
I recently learned about John Tyler's family too.
It's kind of unbelievable!
i got the bubble gut
thanks lis.
See you in Chicago soon!
: Just got scared by NOT COOL!
thats wat I get for having my music LOUD!
ILikeMyMusicLoud luv u big sis!
xoxo
Manson denied parole for 12th Time, and The Mooch is back on Prime Time  the more things change the more they stay the same.
California wildlife officers are thrilled: Oregon's celebrity wolf is doctorfting toward their statea first since 1924.
Like can I rape you
We need body rockin not perfection
thx for sharing our article!
5 pages a day for week, 35 page due by May 11.
Let's write this slut.
for the game!
Go bulls!
Having a nice refreshing cocktail before Alexs birthday party!
Cornbread stuffed Cornish Game Hens and roasted red potatoes for dinner.
Funny thing is, my 12 year old picked the menu and is cooking.
Been in love twice  lost it twice
tweet something about gun laws in Milwaukee to us at cbs 58 and your tweet will go on air
Today I learned that riding a bike is not just like riding a bike  that sense of community among coworking spaces is astounding.
Thx
I heard that survival is awesome..but the rest is whatever...
Pamyua: An Inuit word meaning: 1.
The end or tailend; 2.
Encore or do it again.
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
Vince Lombardi Beat NY!
Go Niners!
foolishly scheduled my can'tberescheduled mouth surgery for the day before an important event.
shoot!
Which means all y'all should be cracking UP w/my commentary, yo.
We look forward to seeing you!
Yeah i'll give you the baseball and wrestling for 25
we couldn't have said it better!
In brand promotion, it is most important to 1 protect and 2 enhance your brand.
If the dollar bills let me  are you gonna go to ultra?
RT : If you have the spirit of Jesus Christ flowing through you, RT this message and shout it out to the heavens!
Ok!
Let's get some big boxes and some colored duct tape for ambiance and sturdiness!
:
On our way to California for !
you shut upp.
wow not ballz
Uhh idk what I want anymore..
And here we go!!!
Monday I' m ready for yeah!
At least.
RT : They say 463 on Bruce's homer.
I think at least 465
IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would have him sing What Makes You Beautiful....everyday3
chid480f talking about cyberrace today, looking at J.Lo, Neo, Jay Smooth, DNA Ancestry Project, AllLookSame, and Google Image Search
Come into the room and watch me Whip up Sauteed Salmon w/ wine, herb butter and cream sauce.
Mon at 6pm www.theroomlive.com New SINGLE CHEF
If the Mormons baptize me after I die, does it mean I get to come back to vote for Romney?
Uh,,I think iJeverSTFU should trend.mad we can make anything trend?stay mad.
yeah for sure you have my ?
DM me if not
we ended up going to steak n shake
lol,im not at school either
follow me lou???
: great job tonight!
They shouldve slimed you!!
The libraries represent the core of our community.
Providence Community Library at
I have some pictures of your girl I took with my 35mm when I was there a while ago .
What's your email
Rumor is Steve Castaneda and Pat Aguilar will skip CV State of City speech.
Pretty low class, even 4 them.
Stay classy CV?
Not
2014 Rolling Stone cover  a mosaic of all the variations of twitter avatar.
Now i just feel weird,..
try me
Omfg I can't breathe out of one nostril.
you're a jerk ..
Ok...the update was needed, but....where the fck did the public timeline go???
i know you got problems  you failed to fix em', i'm like you need to go somewhere else with this shit.
So tired omg
Follow back
Message ur mailing addy if ya want a sample of Dark Phoenix Printing's product.
We're an ondemand printing comp  we wanna print ur comic!
dude I cleaned for 8 hours straight today...
and I wrote back like 3 hours ago!
Lol
is the bacon on the pizza, or stand alone?
: having a great time at our Black History Month event!
Can't wait for 
Looks like a tasty breakfast
i know alot of peopel that smile in my face,but talk behind my back everytime i'm gone.so when they call my  i don't ever pick up.
omygosh !
it apparently happened !
, so how now ?
..
I hate all restrictions that are based on the when someone dies
Monday, Dec.
5: SCHOOL CLOSED due to dangerous doctorving conditions.
Also a big thanks to all the moms who let us see TAP, have them at their houses and not only let us fangirl but do it with us!
:'D x
if I could recollect.
You the one that tweeted about him thanks!
Btw he's an AP not dean :
RT  The New England Patriots announced today that DB Phillip Adams and DL Landon Cohen have been signed to the 53man roster
Ready to rock!
you really are the strangest person i know..
huh?
Was that really necessary?
since when is it a CHOICE?
I didn't CHOOSE to be hetero and neither did YOU
I can't believe that more and more people follow you EVERYBODY needs 2 go and follow he is an amazing guy :
Good thing we brought our sunglasses...
for these f'n Oregon helmets.
I guess
thanks for the prayer!
Thanks for the read and getting the word out.
you'd fit in well down here, then.
Moving to the dirty south?
thanks for the followwe're hiring in Minnesota and Wisconsin
I do several classes a year.
I usually announce them in December.
Sadly,this was the last one this year.
I think.
go ahead and send your inquiry to .
Nate silver : incumbents' approval ratings are a very strong predictor of electoral success.
come back to California :
THANKS MUCH for the RT!!!
I'd be more than happy to BUT, you gotta show ur face for me to tell it cuz
Either mathematics is too big for the human mind or the human mind is more than a machine.
Kurt Godel
True story.
LOL!
What's with the new twitter handle?, I had to go through your professorle to know who you are!
Missed ya buddy
So who would like to show some love and see US in the battle for ARIZONA'S FINEST!?
Vote WSR for.
Vans Warped Tour 2012
On a roll today!
and win win win
bookaday GOOD LUCK, ANNA HIBISCUS!
and HAVE FUN, ANNA HIBISCUS!
by Atinuke Love this series set in Africa
My lil bro yelled at me for taking his iPod off the charger so i can charge my iPod
WHo Have wOn
Looks like figured out how to make  by publishing on !
roundofapplause May you make much cash, brother!
Sweet, you like My Genuine Find!
You should also check out when you get a chance!
They're both awesome :D
It's Thanksgiving Week!
What is your favorite thing about this week?
The food?
The family?
The..shopping?
:
Give me a burrito bowl from Chipotle any day of the week and I am a happy camper.
Today's lunch makes it twice this week :
King of LA is starting to change hands very soon meet the new king
Not in all cases cause I go to summer school so I want take classes in the fall: if u goin 4 a class u is dumb
We had a moment guys.
my siri is a blackberry.
Yours turns into a BB if you doctorp her on her head 8 times.
Just for the record: All you Moms out there...don't feel guilty for spending Mother's Day at the spa!
After all...isn't it YOUR day?
When u smile, everyone stops and stares for a moment, shocked by the pureness in ur heart :
Hm.....I'm thinking SportingKC would've gotten a straight red for that.
Just saw Andoctors Schiff do a masterclass on Bach and Bartok at Weill recital hall.
Deep!
On my way to hear Mark Turner at the Vanguard.
Yeah!
My pinky fell asleep
Dallas.
My co is called speech tx.
First heard gut stein speak in Austin when I lived there
shadow at LC next school year/transfer to LC?!
:D
I'm old enough to know my RIGHT from my wrong.
im already following them if only u could get them to follow me
okaai , whatever i guess .
and i d k your acting like one .
!
I wish I was the girl in B.O.B's So Good /3
Need to start unfollowing folks that retweet nonsense.
Keep ignorance out my timeline.
Another rainy day here in Marietta But we're getting after it.
Can't settle for this 2 preseason ranking.
Gotta aspire to be a champion.
My family fell apart a long time ago.
DM trying to identify a contact in your group to discuss participation in a national Edu consortium.
Would you ID a contact?
thinking good thoughts.
Did I really just check out Walter Lippmann's Public Opinion from the library?
Yup.
What's on your winterbreakreading list?
pictures pretty please ?
:
We are your VIRTUAL Marketing dept  we bill you like we only work part timeYou get ROI like we work 24/7!
beer?
this week?
beer.
BEER!
hand stands are, like, so fun
it would be something creative and revolutionary...
Wanted: female best friend
Really amazing what a good powerwashing will do for roof and home exterior...
So fresh....big time satisfaction
Collegiate Players Tour
i cant wait to see ur sexy pics
I know same!!!
I love touch it makes me cry though.
Oy
Hilarious!
RT : The David Landis Daily is out even when David Landis is in the middle of Africa.
To all HR professorssionals!
Tired of looking everywhere for professorssional development hours?
HRResourcePortal.com is now open for business!
Good afternoon!
It's time!
Tent North and West of Hilton Colluseum.
Stop by and see us!
We're u
That made me almost spit out my OJ!!
LMAO!!!!
I'm real ole school, Fab 5 Freddy...Bronx meets SOHO days.
I peeped your block game and was...oh ish, they gonna win.
happy oscar sunday...come on in and shop for some glamorous party finds, our doors are open till 5 xo
you're welcome!
you could just tweet them and ask for a shoutout!
i would wait until the zombie vid is over though lol
Nice little meeting with earlier today.
Big things coming...
Built a game room in my apartment
new song coming sooner than you think
Be careful out there!
It seems like there's lots of crashes in albuquerque this morning
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Henry David Thoreau
Okay Mom  It's Always Best To Try Again  Okay, I'll Tell You Later What's Been Goin On In The Group  Love You 2 Mom :
So bored in government today so to keep myself from sleeping I get on twitter and Facebook!
Why am I awake right now
Now that's an idea.
Should we call it 50 Shades of Waldo or Waldolicious?
Thank you so much  I truly enjoyed my time with you and the team.
There are amazing things happening at People Matter!
Become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid.
Lady Bird Johnson
Birthdays on Facebook make me feel like I am in Elementary School.
Fun Bday wishes but no cupcakes.
I feel you on that one lol
ok so im sitting on my mom's new dining table and im doctornking water and somehow i seem to mizz my mouth and it spills everywhere..not coolXP
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
jackiechan isn't dead.
stop being ridiculous ya'll.
this tweet  your mario icon  funny
: If you doctornk enough, your brain starts photoshopping people.
thanks baby3
R.I.P.
The great lady of Disco and Soul Donna Summer.
The face of an era.
The voice of a sexy angel.
Thanks for the tweet promoting Monday Night Live!!!
I'm screaming happy mothers day to every mother in the world
I am what u got
California Flower Mall DIY Mothers Day Flower Gift Guide Shows How to Give Mom Best for Less
Yesterday i saw The Lucky One :' it was so good
I'll google it later
You can't catch a cub without going into the tiger's den.
Police hate when I walk people out of jail.
I have the power.
Don't hate cause I made your mo salary in 20 mins.
haha what's the point of steak?
When errybody got beef!
Haha X
Tell your husband to quit throwing golf shoes at my team!
Less than 25 fans until we hit 900!
YAY!
Share our page with your friends so they can Enter To Win our killer Extreme Summer Make Over!
Hm guess I will work out wt my sis then get doctorssed for the day
6Troy PalumaluSSPittsburgh Steelers
u look way better than flocka
If I had only one breath what would I want to say?
Of course you already implement this for your agency, but wonder if this type of investment could be worth it for others.
you know me I might pull up in my armor truck...
Yes of course the US Congress lives by diff laws re InsiderTrading  CheatSheet, hence OWS movement.
Force congress 2 abide by same laws
You won't end up giving it back if you had this for one night
i know i just said tilden because i forgot where he told me it will be at
I bet Elton John takes the stage with Madonna during the halftime show.
what what what
i love Syracuse basketball!
Shut it down!
get some revenge on Vermont then move on to round 2.
GO CUSE!
You are hilarious my friend!
I think you should put dance moves to that song!
I'm hungry
SHOT OUT TO Holla for them FLXPhone's iGotMines!!!
The Expendables 2 Full Trailer Is Out, Even More Ridiculous Than You Imagined It Could Be
You rock!
Thanks for spreading the word!
so if you verified twitter gives you checks cuz you said checks not a check
Yay my book came in sick.
your honestly really handsome for only being 14 :
I'm from MD/PA area so I've had just about everything of there's...int his case..yes
I'm glad Game of Thrones is finally getting around to answering all the questions left hanging by the Lost finale.
Checkout tophatter Jewelry Auction Live Now
o it be strange people adding me on facebook  following me .
You can't be ugly and play hard to get.
It just doesn't work that way.
You're already hard to want.
did u know how many points 5 had for thomas more
One of my favorite ways to use cell phones in class: www.polleverywhere.com
1st concert announcement in a loonng time that has me excited...
in CentralPark.
I was captainvated while she talked.
Such a sweet woman.
She's very thankful to be alive.
Have you picked up the new cd Dark Adoctornaline yet?
What did you think?!
Hi NY, ive missed you
Hi I think you twitter account was hacked.
I was sent a direct message with a suspicous link.
Fallow and if u hate the philadelphia eagles...
:
how u guys doing miss u
who knew you could achieve zen with benadoctorl allergy.
can i get back in my body now please?
Become in experience what you already are by Gods grace.
The Christian is risen with Christ let him exhibit that new life Col 3v1
Nice job BrunoMarrs!
At
lol maybe we'll send you a sneak preview to listen to when it's done!
in your words once again im not good enough
nice work.
like evaluated??
Or actually done ...
?
i found a parking spot.
I want to wish all of my Family, Friends  Fans a Happy Holiday  a great New Year!!
Thanks for all of the love  support!
I hate all of my next 3 classes
aww, i am VERY excited!
PSandersGoingBIG thank you so much for the reply  follow!
you are the best!
21 
FNFS sounds like a blast!
But I'm having dinner with one of my former NU professorssors.
Next week?
Presenter has traveled and studied with  who encourages Western audiences to not follow Buddhism, but to take from it.
Thanks for the follow !
Here's hoping that we get you at the end of your library school sojourn.
;
Latest I've been up in a week.
:/
Bynum And His No Defense.
My feed is already filled w/ Star Wars references.
I'm a superhero fan, so it's Avengers Friday to me ; But still, May the 4th be with you.
Here we go, finale time!
in Bachelor history doctornk!
: Life's an elevator..
Pick a floor or end up on sum1 else's!
Do you!!
It's weird how everyone is packing now.
Kind of gonna miss the portables.
So silly
If you in France, check 'France 24' news Channel tomorrow.
Kids and animals interview gonna pass 6 times tomorrow during the day.
you're welcome!
Hope to see you soon!
If you're ever back in the upstate/ western ny area.
Let me know!
I'll help promote you
yeah but that's still like so far away :0 my parents are headed up to ur area tomorrow
What the fuck is going on right now Smash like ???
I'm confused
we already have Charlie Frye, we don't need another Browns QB failure..
lowkey finna go to twitter jail...
yes and no.
I guess at least they still exist.
Theres much work to be done for them
Dear Gods of Dieting, please know that I am being good.
Who else would wash their sardines down with sauerkraut water?
Beautiful advances on some 'marketing designs' today.
Some of the greatest work I have ever put into Photoshop and it's 'retinatic.'
no actually my favorite singer is going to be over at Biggs Field by fort bliss so im going to that right after school
Pinnacle Technical Resources ranked 3 on SIA's list of growing staffing firms acquires Provade Inc.
a Vendor Management System Provider.
Just relax and let God love you.
Things are never as dire as they seem to our little minds.
Open to the Mind and Heart of God.
justin bieber !!!!
so ashamed of myself.
at least I wasn't the only one thinking it.
lol.
Lots of new life changes in the near future!
A right delayed is a right denied.
MLK, Jr.
Is there an issue on UWS?
I have no dial tone and no Internet.
InstantTurnOn guys with nice bottom lips ;
I have a good personality just take a alot to get to know me
Love the heart felt rotary photos
How's everyone's morning going?
ha!
actually it turned out to be a terrible accident.
when we passed a car was on it's side in the middle of the freeway :
ONE OF THE BIGGEST MYTHS of ALL TIME: Change Takes Along Time!!
Bummer!
Hope you feel better!
Love you.
so what's up?
are u gonna be at the NYC show??
I really wanna meet u !
Please follow me 
just spent a good 30 min.
on thanks to you!
Just ate JITB tacos..
simply delishchchous..
yes yes.
but send me one now!
You need a comedian from Florida?
The livephish stream from msg is pretty cool
RT : Rondo's 8th career Playoff triple double tonight leaves him just one short of the rest of the NBA combined!
but I'm working on converting you
silk scarves
They need to let me get hold of these sick bastards that hurt kids.
I swear to God I'd make them stop breathing so fast.
Be sure to say hello to doctor Matthew Stiffler from !
Enjoy the conference!
i will have more photos from the protest later.
but 3hrs of sleep  waking up at 7am  marching all over the damned city  time for a nap.
Report: Canadiens to name former Blackhawks assistant Bergevin as new GM
What to go home so bad :
Hey Marcus.
I'm well.
The SM training is going well.
I'm taking over my store in June for 3 months cuz my SM is going on mat.
lea.
Tenga hands you a coke SatisfyYourThirst RT Im thirsty, .
I want coke :
I requested a grant writing workshop through my VISTA supervisor, might be worth a try.
hahaha yoga, not yogurt.
it'll have you skinnier than gophillies!!!
How well do you think the Rangers would match up with the Kings?
I HATE the Kings!
Any suggestions on Denver Hotels for this June?
Okay guys...
I'm doing it.
, here I come!
Deliciousness is imminent...
Reliving 's marvelous SaintSaëns' s Organ Symphony today, conducted by de Waart.
BLISS
Colwyn repeals state of emergency
QuoteOfTheNight baby powder hates her!
1 : Really glad the Supreme Court shot down that bill forbidding sale of violent video games based on the first amendment.
let us know what you think of your UNDAWAREness.
share your UNDAWAREness Stories with us.
we would like to hear from you.
tweet us!
What day is it ?
Lol
Unsung Hero  Lindsey Darling.
RT Last night the video shoot in downtown Nashville with all the fans was great!!
I'm excited to see the results of all t
Frisbee in the rain :
What do you think you'll be doing tomorrow at this time?
Happy Birthday !
Have a fabulous day!
Hello all!
Sweta here.
Lightning  thunder are creating some freaky fictional scenarios in my mind.:
that's a sign of weakness!
lol .
What a beautiful day.
It's been a crazy week ...
RIP
: Just organized all my doctorm samples, fuck that's tedious lol let's get it my dude!!
We got extremely lucky.
It's a tough business to work with.
Lloyd Banks
Tried that, there is no contact email on the page.
Is there an email addoctorss?
Good day.
New Mac.
New Office Space.
That'l do.
Come see me this weekend!!!
I didn't know you watch shows haha..um have you seen the surreal gorgeousness that is ?!?!
My professorssor just said arrested development.
Immediately, four of us looked at each other.
GOOD LUCK ACM : you deserve this!!
:
shelby thinks i look like a girl today.
she's so sweet..
congrats on your sale!
Dear Job Applicants, Yes, we DO notice how long it takes you to fill out a basic application.
Just FYI.
I think I have heartburn..
A4: As long as it needs to be to say/do what you need to do  shorter is best.
Do I have Homework...?
if I do to Bad...
love that.
Mine would always run and hide.
hahaha!
I remember!
:
I agree she is:
I went to google NDAA.
No mention on major US media.
Either censorhip has begun or people dont care.
Not sure which is worse.
Most fine dining restaurants are opened by some B culinary kid who sank 20,000 into making his final class project a reality.
Great event tonite in Detroit!
att28days with
watching the movie cb4
that's what I'm saying
ugh sucks i cant oovoo because i dont have my laptop and my phone dies to quick when i get on that way ugh
Fundamentals are a crutch for the talentless.
I be so far uh uh uh uh Up, we'on giva fu uh uck.
Thirty minutes in the Cricket Amphitheater parking lot and we haven't moved at all.
Can someone please help direct traffic?
whaaaats up sue
100 days my friend, 100 days!
We are officially moving into the double digits!
Many birthdays here, too.
What exactly goes on in May?
The breakfast I just had was insane.
That's what I'm thinking!
Dont forget to tune in to MDBs new series Nostalgicon tomorrow.
First one up is a mischievous front page man.
Can you guess who it is?
Top MLB Monitored  our current Featured Handicapper TBONE still has 7 Units of Baseball Advice waiting for you in tonights late games!
We cant solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them Albert Einstein
Nice to meet you !
I look forward to our conversations about crime and books!
One of the best actors ever!
Meryl Streep on Jimmy Kimmel.
Shooting the video for Champion at the McDonogh 35 vs Edna Karr BBall game on Jan 27th....See YOU there!
We'll see what we can do!!
:
Happy Mothers Day!
Ok woodywoodchuck is the new groundhog !!!!
I trust in him :
Improve your interview skills!
Come to Samaritan Ministry's free Employment Workshop TODAY at 11:00 AM at our Northwest Office.
Hey, thanks for the ff mention, so kind of you.
and are the MOST sweet guys in my life!
DONE and DONE!
;
I need to stfu and go to sleep...
PAIN  DESTRUCTION!!
If I only had the leather bondage getup, that pic would've been perfect
BrownRiceFamily on Jamaica ave and 153rd right now about to play outdoors.
Okai Haiti
Yeah I heard, good thing I decided to stick with doing WEDNESDAYS  SupperClub instead and getting to see STEVE AOKI Spin LIVE.
TGIF!
See you all tonight!
why would you tattoo shoes to your feet lmfao
LAST DAY to register for the October 9th SAT exam date!
: I act like I don't care, but deep inside, it hurts.
exactly.
when are you comming back to Realty Executives in Riverside?
Govern a family as you would cook a small fish  very gently.
Chinese Proverb
well loookk at you hahahah being everyone's type lol
Wait today's Friday the 13th 
RT : RT : Little known fact, Porsche racing cars start out on the same assembly line as road cars
:o yayyy :D
I do will send it you
Do we have any?
shut the hell up!!!!!
Lmao!!!!!!
I work hard!
Even tho I'm sitting in a chair alday....
Great work with Alex tonight!
Long time coming!
Power keeps flicker on  off and we haven't even got half the snow they said we would.
Pray the we don't lose power!!
My nephew told me to fart on the fire
it doesnt give me the option to direct message you:

the Library: good morning twitter!
I had something ridiculous to say but its gone now.
such is the nature of Monday.
thank you.
I HATE PEOPLE WHO FRONT :
What plane and when will u get here.
Our statehood is under review?!
If our state's name was as lame as yours, it'd be South Canada.
Anytime man!
It was a great weekend!
RT  Miami is beginning to build up a reputation of not closing, thanks to these Dolphins.
Oh yeah, and sorry ass Leb...
Just tell them who your favorite college team is.
That will definately give you a pass.
Does anyone know what is burning north of abq?
but he needs to stick to rapping  not singing like in How To Love  awful singing, good rapping.
Every moment since 11 has been a Beastie Boy song, and I only just started repeating them.
PEMF is standard of care in RA in Europe.
In U.S.
it's not professortable hence not used.
chronic cc:
Traffic traffic traffic......
Or is it obama in denver?
At the Nadal vs Tsonga match.
Great crowd tonight.
Makes me miss my Tennis days.
The Curse of Interesting Times.
Glad she's ok   that lunch was great
Ample understanding.
deficit of application.
pathetic attention to conviction.
Late reply, i found the cover hilarious.
Not that i was expecting an opus to transcend pop music.
but real talk, shit sucks.
It ain't easy being a boy named Suh.
Shut up?!
I used to love Ben Savage...In a gay way
I would love that.
My phone is off until tomorrow, but yes, we do need to get together soon.
;
End of the 1st quarter, Panthers lead the Rangers 10.
I love the arts...what about you!
If so please support RISD by donating to the RISD Annual Fund today!
Deja, '14, Industrial Design
I gotta do dis I gotta do dat, I gotta go here I gotta go dere...
I love the one check for 0.29 The teller looks up at me like seriously.
LOL and I'm like hey that's a teaspoon of gas!
in my best Gamer Voice ...
Apparently so...
thank you for the ribbon cutting and support at our launch event, it is all much appreciated and helpful in serving the community
my doctoram is that you follow me on twitter, I just ask that I love you selena I need to follow me please!
Ladies if you love your man, show you him who fly is.
this isnt the day for e just want to go home and go to bed :'
Happy Thursday!
Watch out for the thick fog!
Watch the for updates!
haha,that's some crazy shit.
Now following
Dardenne bros.
still have it.
Kid with a Bike
See ya bye, JC!
Mountain City, here I come!
REPLY TO ME
Are you protesting in DC today?!
LMAO!
You know that goldfish woulda saved you in a heartbeat lol
UPDATE BREAKING NEWS: All I205 sb traffic diverted off freeway at Division/Powell exit.
Number 1: Knowing the difference between Classical music, and classical music.
talk about a brand ambassador!
Weak ties are the key to social networks.
They are trusted sources of health info.
They can build interest, disseminate info.
You think them niggas you with is with you?
top ten next year
Check it out  the ARR is at the GreatAlaskaSportsmanShow at the Sullivan  giving away some great BOGO's!
We sure needed the rain yesterday, but today is gorgeous!
Come on out and enjoy this day at the market.
We'll be here from now til 1pm
9thPeriod Marketing Expanded online education plan urged for Iowa students bit.ly/og0Ai7
Come inside for a little homemade tea, and if you fall asleep then at least you're next to me
I'm going to create an online music game: you listen to 10 seconds of a song and guess whether the band has beards or not.
sowwyy Boo Boo Bear ,:
My MamaSays if you can't say something Nice then don't say Anything at all..
That's why I use Twitter to MakeFunOf People...
By the way, it is tearing me apart to do this supporting obsolete side of debate
Rise and shine, Twitter World!
There's a beautiful Monday ahead of us.
I cannot WAIT to head out into the sun today.
If the upward trend in data continues, my client with Autism will be ready for their first 5k in may!
Up and going, it's going to be a long day...
HUGE eyeroll  ugh.
My point has been to see if, other than one stat, there was anything which made Gonzo a potential top 10 WR.
There's not
We're opening a few more FREE accounts to Pro Baseball Instruction.com.
Code is June20....hurry as these won't last long!
Sounds hectic!
I'm chilling with MiniMe watching Fairly Odd Parents.
EXACTLY!!!
I'll post them eventually tho:
Last week a candle factory burned down I got great photograph of everyone standing around trying to blow it out
3 thanks buddy.
I know, your right but it was the foulest thing someone has done to me
Come out this Saturday August 21st to Skillman Street Bar, and have a doctornk with us.
will I watch 500 Days of Summer for the seventh day in a row?
I think I will.
Our party is actually on Sunday : Thanks for RTing 's post!
Well, the captainin, the Radioman,  the Rats will go down with the ship.
PS: i like the radioman best.
finally getting to do laundoctor!
eyewitness to deadly accident gives frightening account of what happened...coming up soon at 11
For story purposes, Adams zeroed in on certain ZIP codes w/ high rates of serious disabilities.
Very happy for jermaine.
He was my second favorite :
thanks dude.
I appreciate the tag
My pleasure, nice to meet you too, Candi.
Great work you're doing!
I think you and might be able to collaborate...
At the Philly public library waiting for the arrival of Sarah Vowell.
Looking forward to laughing and learning!
I found it this morning and had to save it.
Any QBs out there wanna throw hit me up
Whats up New York
IT'S THE FINAL COUNTDOWN 10 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS!
Let us help you with some AWESOME lastminute gifts!
And you wouldn't live long
S/O to all of the good ppl in TheNewD1 who have donated 5 and 10 to keep me serving on metrocouncil because YOUR donations matter.
I haven't worked this hard in a long time!
But in order to have what others won't have tomorrow, we must be willing to do what others...
It is a RARE night here at Madoctorne, thanks to Oscar Myers, Steppin', and a special guest or three
Dogs become loyal not because you feed them, but because of the companionship you give them.
Interests in things that you are not currently interested in takes faith that what unfolds may hold significance in future endeavors.
shot it went by super fast for me!
nuthin, girl!
Getting adjusted to the new gig :
When lying is bad  the truth is worse......
hate the entire male population
with the voice only God can give!
You are an inspiration and i will always be one of your biggests fans!
3
first40songsonshuffle don't speak , turn right , when you look me in the eyes
Today in Literary History: J.R.R.
Tolkien, best known for The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings, was born in South Africa in 1892.
hope you are ok.
Feel better.
trust your instinct
Eating in the closed side of the restaurant by myself with Oliva Newton Johns  Hoplessly Devoted To You on the radio is so depressing.
cowboys say bye bye to Jerry Jones, i'd say about time lol..!!
The Silk Tie likes Don!
RT : Did you ever get your Pentagon book signing??Hey there, Brother.
Negative.
Made contact, zero response
Good morning today school
Are you going to be able to watch the BlackHawks tonight ?
Your welcome
MUSICINTERVIEWS Clement Marfo  The Frontline  Nando's Secret Gig, Kensington High Street
When peoples are mean to you for no reason.
The reason is usually jealousy.
.
completely dismantles aa the shameful hypocrite he is
LETS GO BOYS LETS GET ONE MORE NO CHANCES!
Art car ball and tired.
Was the Perry's specialer special just for Invodo employees?
oh, cause I was like WHAT WHAT OMG I DON'T HATE THEM WHY WOULD MADDY ASK ME.
I was flipping out, I love you guys 
Thank you for the follow!
I couldn't agree with you more!
RFT !!!!
: I can't wait to be a senior you guys just don't know.
i think should have a tinychat3
I love that song though : Dear Internet Explorer commercial.
IE will never be cool.
EVER
AND GAZANS DANCED IN THE STREETS ON 911.
You have a double standard that is disgusting!!!!!!!!
JBSOMEDAY I will meet justin bieber and be really good friends till the end :D 3
Mae used to be THAT dude
Beastie Boys  everything
no problem.
Enjoy your vacation tmo.
They really are sorry and itll be alright ; there's a reason for everything.
No idea.
Why don't you ask her?
You spend my head around when u go down.
Right down town.
lol you're welcome!
I don't have time for superficial friends.
I suppose if you're really lonely you can call a superficial friend.
RT Bynum laughing to Metta about last pass being off the mark.
Lakers lose.
ladies n gents, your starting center for the lakers
rolling rock was 16 bucks for a case at Safeway.
Good value.
PBR has gone up at 3x the average since it became cool
Fuck guys who talk to other guys girls tryin to get something.
I never have anyone when I need them.
But they always have me when they need me.
Wtf?
no backpack, but I did snap one of my syllabus ;
I'm glad to have fans like yins 
mnwild Why no play like that from Gilies wearing a Wild sweater?
Sending you all love, today and every day, always and in all ways!
Shine On Brothers and Sisters!
About time we get a sack!!!
Storm  Empty warehouse  Really freaky
really a big problem
Game of Thrones by George R.R.
Martin
Morning, have a blessed day
how you doing
i guess sometimes you just take the extra steps to make someone feel special unless it is clear it39;s a waste of time of course.
sim
This made me giggle with glee.
Yippee!
Our team is tweeting this week from TEDActive in Palm Springs!
More updates and insights to come as the week unveils!
Are these symbols and traditions common to all North Amer.
tribes?
Were there controversies as to how best to represent all?
I can't imagine what it would be like to train/qualify for the Boston marathon  then be asked to not participate 'cause of weather.
Listening to CBS FM 101.1 WCBS New York City online.
I think I heard the fbomb on an ad about a town with a name close to that.
Gee, NY!
Thank you for the follow Thomas!
After the festival subs are exhausted we'll make the movie accessible ASAP!
Trailer up soon.
Thank you for the Retweet ;
Adore Glimmertrain for submitting short stories, they are one of the best for up and coming emerging writers!
Screw it im not doing my social studies..
i will do it tomorrow and hand it in on thursday
Social media presentation over.
Big thanks to Davidson Hotels and Resorts for having us!
Hi there, silly that a girl like you would be in a place like this.
Finally saw the jewelry of looking' good and prominently featured in the latest MinnesotaMonthly.
Bravo!
Looking forward to Game Change on HBO tonight.
Nostalgic for the simpler political times of 2008.
U must of them damn internet blunts stay focus we gotta get dem follows up
I thought coltons segment was way too long and they wasted time with that girl from the bog bang theory.
Liked this quite alot.
Kickstarter just gets better and better  will see what it does for books...
Brother and Sister Bonding till 4 in the morn.
WizKalifaInspired 
the term oomf 
Selling beats isn't about how hot your beats are.
It's about pricing them accordingly, considering competition's prices VS their skills
IsMelissaA i think so!
I cant wait to see!
What are you writing about?
My ASM told this lady that this candy shrinks if you put it in vodka.She replied, that's not the only thing that shrinks in vod.Made my day
Hey, I'm not everybody!
I'm my own person!
I'm special.
And so are you.
So are all of us!
We're all special!!!
200 Cash prize for best costume Saturday night!
haha, there would have to be a predetermined date hashtag
Who is this?
Wishing I was cuddling with my baby right nown
Update on Huntington 5th Ave main break: Leak isolated and repairs underway.
Only three customers affected.
No further need to conserve.
Woo!!
Rockn out 2 kings of Leon!!
Hello again
Me and In the studio rehearsing for our show in BMore Brass Monkey this Saturday, May 19th
Thanks for trying out YouAreWhoYouFollow!
Good call
We are so excited to be going.
Soon I'll try to wrap my head around it and I'll keep your expertise in mind.
Thanks!
I stepped in dog shit today, it must mean good fortune.
you good
Thanks guys!
My influencers work in 3 distinct ways.
Most inform my discoveries, some influence me to to think/challenge, a very few to act.
Glad to see going well for you :
Whatever is true, honorable, just, pure, lovely, whatever is commendable...if there is anything worthy of praise, think on these things.
Found a shirt and saw mall :
Freaking mad my effing dog stepped all over the shirt and messed it up..
Well maybe next time
Momma didnt raise a fool.
Thats why the joke is alwys on you
follow back
thingsisayatayankeegame: hey that guys from maine!
I'm glad everybody is having fun
That awkward moment when the teacher is yelling at your friend  the class is all serious  you're about to burst out laughing.
En route to New Orleans
: So aware of the behind the scenes reality of reality shows it makes it difficult for me to watch TV do tell?!?!
Dissanayake: Art is a strategy necessary for human survival.
O yeah RT : Ooh!
Everyone Head to Old Town for BOO  Brews tonight, party time!
RT : beer beer an
Life is too short to worry about stupid things.
Have fun.
Fall in love.
Regret nothing, and don't let people bring you down.
RT The DJ at era tonight was furiously turning knobs and hittin buttons on an APC40 that was not plugged in to his laptop.
Well now you're one step closer to getting access...
sneaky sneaky.
These past couple days have made me happy, all because of him :p
follow back?
Dark chocolate with caramel and sea salt.
So good.
Looks like Chrome 20 will simplify edges in canvas if it reaches a certain complexity.
Chrome 18 just chokes.
According to the Bible, Moses was 80 years old when he led the Jews out of Egypt.
I hope u have a meet and greet or another concert in NY
should I even go to sleep :O
Whew!
just woke up from my nap.
now it's time to get ready for tonight.
Meeting tonight at 7pm at Birdie's Cafe  as always, anyone interested is welcome to attend!
post the picture thats your background on twitter!
:
I've heard Moodle is a very open platform, but difficult to set up.
Do you have any resources on exploring and working with Moodle?
I'm glad to see Ivette and Nikki still here
I am a dope now I get it!
Lol!
I think I hit my head on tramp with the little boy.
Lol
I need a job!
Wheres a good place i can go to get one!?!?
one of my favorite summers ever.
Nf ..
Follow back .
oh, I take you seriously.
I just have been busy w/ theory that I remembered I need to reread Berryman to remind me whats pretty
thanks our pleasure to serve you, glad you were happy with the job.
There are some crazy ass noises going on in my house.
Trying to figure out .if it's neighbors blasting music or the cat snoring.
am i the only one who doesnt understand math???
I apologize for the rude comments people have sent.
They do not represent all of the BBN good luck at whichever school u choose
Register for INFO 320 Fall 2011 and learn to create a database, develop research strategies, and understand information policy.
yep, lots of cushion right there
Mothers day brunch excited to try and review for kickSprout food blog
i have loved and i have lost
I cringe when people put soy sauce in rice.
I'm sorry but that is just gross.
Wanting a flashing toothbrush.
Bowling w.
the babes :
Great lunch w today.
He uses big words that I don't understand.
I probably use small ones that he doesn't.
Improve Customer Service: Scanning reduces delays and strain on both staff  customers by providing instant access to docs online.
after how much i've done for you, this is what you do to me?
woah.
Kentucky won!!!
What now?!
Lol
Don't have any thoughts right now.
Don't have any feelings.
Is this normal.
Is it the new me?
Happy Mardi Gras festivities!!!
What will you be doing today?
Thanks, I do my best!
Watchin Days Of Our Lives...gonna turn it to ICarly
IDGAF about most people.
Blame Tyrone
BiPolarMoment: Wondering if when I get Alzheimer's I'll forget to be so depressed.
They stole one in the 2nd.
: With the 35th pick of the 2012 NFL doctorft the Ravens select Courtney Upshaw.Had they kept their..
Hi Joan All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
God didn't make me to fit in he made me to stand out
that was the worst one I've seen out of all these
shes the the girl who sing the annoying song friday
I need change.
Routine gets boring so quickly.
I'd love to go but i have to b St work n da early am.
Man
Sigh lost by 16 points in darts, game 1 of Game of Games
True spirituality is not an absence of suffering.
It is an honoring of it, being present to it, instead of pretending to be immune to it.
I hope my sleep deprived brain can remember all the songs.
mmj caregiver patients don't forget it's preroll Friday and Sat!
We've got some good stuff in house today.
Just our way of saying Thanks!
Wow!
Today is such an incredible day!
Maybe that ridiculously dull doctoram reset something in my head, I feel like a billion bucks!
ThunderUp!!
RT Mike Brown on OKC's home crowd: Off the top of my head, it's definitely a top three building.
book your USA 721 day small group adventure and get 20 off for the month April!
Plaeasant House Bakery opening up for a fish fry dinner tomorrow, 964 W.
31st, Bridgeport
His technique was incredible for handling nose tackles, but if the two sides are that far apart it shouldn't happen.
Cya Scott
LCSH: Dungeons and doctorgons : Social Aspects
MT we all have common interests in improving  protecting our kids; much agreement re:class size, testing etc
I wake up to another blessed day in California, but it's not the place you are at.
It's the place you are going.
My journey has just begun
what uni's for tomorrow?
College: Mississippi State freshman Hood will transfer Mississippi State freshman Rodney Hood is leaving the program, new coach Rick Ray
yes i have learned the hard way that i need to listen to your intuition
ATTENTION GIRLS!!!: CHECK OUT THIS WEEK POST AT ITS ALL ABOUT MAKEUP!!
Good for you for telling it like it is.
I'm sure you've given him or her a great deal to think about.
I sleep like a baby and feel beyond rested in the morning.
So nightie night!
Yep, that happened to me earlier today
Oh I've done that too!
edumooc2
: Yes, I imagine the Spring Arcade becoming LA's version of SF's Ferry Building DTLA
Don't you just love when your friends make plans and you're not invited, I know I do.
Get outta there you.
I find myself saying this at least 6 times a day.
If in 2012 anybody notices me not using the term anal blast please remind me of my New Year resolution.
I hope Kyle Wiltjer crashes the Kentucky press conference and announces his departure to the NBA
Funny to hear I Just Had Sex playing at a major clothing store.
A woman let me put my penis inside of her at the Gap or Walmart?
Never!
Our flag is symbolic of our taxes.
We get red when we talk about them, white when we get our tax bills, and blue after we pay them.
What will each candidate do to help small businesses obtain desperately needed capital?
Will they direct increased  for loans?
YOU STARING TO HARD.......DONT GET BAPPED!!!!!!
Dead hungry
Ready to see which school has the best American history program.
I don't think I can pick just one fave, it was all awesome!
I hope you stay forever alone.
Tough to win a Stanley Cup and a Super Bowl within 7 months or so, but Boston will give it a try
Potato chips for breakfast......
Sportsbiz sbchat RT : Follow It will be tweeting out relevant sports agent info during the
Feeling like complete crap but I guess I've got to make the best of it.
My iPod sits on my desk.
I just use iTunes when I listen to music.
The headphones I bought for my iPod speed up the songs :/
Gee, wonder where I can go on Sunday to escape all the SuperBowl hoopla?
ReallyI couldn't care less.
On the bus going to Hollywood bowl :D.
Prior to you could really start setting financial goals, you have to determine where you stand financially.
Thank you for the mention, have a great week!
I spy at green room!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 15
Nah!
Fridays make me psychic.:
I don't know how I haven't watched Celebrity Apprentice this whole time, they chose the nastiest women ever for this show, it is awesome.
I love you baby!!!
I want strait A's this quarter so I guess I'm about to study?
sheesh.
he's just so much better in emarosa
Baltimore bound
gotta be hard up there since its cold
At the lighthouse!
Yay for booze!
TGIF and Bourbon Hour at
bo if I can ever figure this stuff out I'll post it on urs..
It is beyond cute..
We'd love to see a few more folks Following one of our favorite actors  please show him love.
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown.
Jim Morrison
This girl is wearing black shoes and white socks.
I just want to throw up on her.
Not a lot, but enough so she'll go home and change.
Also turns out my agency backed 2 loans for Taylor Gourmet until they were established enough for private lenders to take a chance on :
haha, you are right!
LA is treating me well, but i am so excited to go back to Chicago for a few days during the holidays.
Hey 3 i love you
Saw woostergroup 's  's prod.
of The Early O'Neill plays At long last an entire ensemble in the same world onstage.
Ever since Ariana was a little girl, she's accomplished many, from gettin leads in plays and performing.
She still accomplishes more more
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet TREND IT!
: :D
How are ya doing today?
hbo cancelled howtomakeitinamerica and boredtodeath?!
Keeps enlightened?!
Looks like showtime will continue to dominate
been so long...
what's been going on lol found a tight venue here in vegas!
My wish too NYthenNC RT : NY Senate passes gay marriage!!!
Wish North Carolina could kick into gear for equality.
Milan, Lake Como, Venice, Verona for total of 2 weeks.
Already thinking about how to get a teaching job there :
I'm getting off for the night :
I wish there was a way to quantify desperation because the Pens would be on top easily!
See what the DL Lowry team created for Lawrence Central prom students, at 7:45 am today on Fox59.
haven't slept in 3 days, so now its about that time to watch sheep jump over the moon or was it cows?
oh well, i'll watch the moon :
I read the books during our trip to Africa.
They were amazing  the movie was almost as good ;
I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more 3
In Whitewater with Robert Young, exec dir of the Whitewater University Research Park, a great leader for a remarkable facility.
That's weird, all these diehard Kansas fans popping up on my TL have louisville professorle pics.
I am considering being late next time too!
Happy valentines day girl
Cat ladies get on my nerves!
part 2 is on point.
Thanks for sharing.
You just now realized this?
RT : Okay...
Note to self, doctorsses weaken men
What NOT to do when you're bored: Color your hair.
Going to be real with ya'll, Rickey Rubio can play basketball.
Suddenly, the Minnesota Timberwolves are balling.
Some people feel that way about poker.
But, those of us that understand the art behind the game appreciate it.
that's nice and I'm happy for you, now get your ass to Wisconsin!!
I wonder what Maurice Sendak really thought of the pile of garbage that was Jonze's take on Wild Things.
just became a member and a Facebook friend of PRX and now connected on twitter.
Glad to be on board.
thanks!
i'm going to see if i can get away with the free account
Happy Friday, everyone!
Do you know what a YAG laser is and what it can do for you?
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead oh god!
I'm leaving town
magic is everywhere...even in the smallest things :
I ate my weight in oysters, shrimp, and champagne.
Mother's Day was a success!
Hope you all had a fabulous one!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!
I am thankful to be living in America's Finest City.
Thinking about taking a space at a Music Festival in Colorado Springs next month....
RT : Just boarded on my way back to Vegas for
: OMG what a first half, but I know what is coming up in the second....
SpursDomination hell yea GoSpursGo!!!
getrich 1 Follow Your Passion 2 Don't Be Afraid to Fail and then 3 Give Back  I wish I would have tivo'd that one
Great tour of the ASMO facility today in Greenville, NC  Thank you to Terry Olson and his team!
RT : Gov.
Tomisterdge: If you want a safer, more prosperous world we must invest in ForeignAssistance.
USGLC Conference
Good morning, Twitter.
I'm locked in that ageold battle: FireflyStar Wars mashup tee or Skullkitty tee?
At planet fitness
haha u lookin hot girl haha like i have been ready for like 30 min
3 reviews for your delectation/condemnation:
Wise folk speak for themselves and make their own decisions.
Shallow folk are slaves to the opinions of others and act accordingly.
Seersucker strapless minidoctorss at a wedding breaks so many of my rules.
Come over right now.
in honor of AgDay and NutritionMonth do you have any great leanbeef recipes to share with us?
Shout out to all the pretty girls who love DICK
its cause were awesome.
Ugh Betty doctorper is back
Well it's SportingKC gameday...that means I'm back to doing my gameday rituals
How terrible it is to love something that death can touch
Do you have a favorite inspiring video on You Tube?
I'd love some recommendations.
Milwaukee!!
1:00 a.m.
Saturday near Water and Holton streets.Pedestrian Injured After Being Hit By Vehicle.
Watchout people !!!!!
your a guy..
you don't have boobs.
Have mercy on me, have mercy on my soul, don't let my heart turn cold
RT : God has blessed so much to the point there is no way I could not pray for my enemies/strangers/friends/family.
Think you cant have fast and fresh?
Think again.
Taco Times veggies are chopped fresh and delivered daily.
and should we choose a topic ahead of time?
then you will be in for a treat this summer!
Lol.
i was happy and then i got in the car with you.
where u been niga
Go Arkansas State!!
represent the A State in a Beast way!!!
I do.
What a hater!
Go IU!
Im gunna try and tweet more i promise!
: 24days3x
first game of the year...do we still go into beastmode?
I really need to know before I get beasty in front of my wife's coworkers
.
Even worse: seen the latest one with the raucous boat party?
Got a few nonwhite faces there, but partying instead of serving.
Burying Luck acoustic is pretty goddamn genius.
Guess who won 267??
Which is the same as 300!!!
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
lol where u at
stupid geography teacher, why couldn't you tell us what we were supposed to study for our test tomorrow?
Come home from hooping to see my lakers getting blow off the planet 
thanks to all who came and rocked out to Easton Ashe!
great time!!!
big thanks to SkinnyJeans
GRIND BOLD flavor is Sulawesi Toraja.
Second block who class im Finna go to
got a macbook tablet ;
ThanksToMyEx I know how to treat a woman right
goodnight twitter!
congrats!
Have you found an apartment yet?
Did I just see a Scientology commercial during the Grammys wtf?
i don't have an attitude problem it's supposed to be that way
someone said my band is a wannabe ...
I'd disagree, but I'll take that.
Yes, yes I would like to be Four Year Strong haha.
maybe we should record 's ring for you, so you can always remember us.
All the way until the last out of that game tonight, I was pretty sure Bill Hall was going to do something to beat the
Madden fans, TryOuts is hosting a tornament w/a grand prize of 1000!!!
Call 2105586558 or go2 www.tryoutssanantonio.com 4 info
LOVE the professorle pic!
Love ur a Cowboys fan too!
Waiting on my phone call.!!!!
The suspense is killing me.!!
cheerLEADER.!!
Welp, with Frank gone and Lefebvre's TV roll reduced, looks like I'll be watching Royals games on mute with the radio feed cranked.
Spend Sum'n !
RT Hey it's Monday.
Smile and bat your eyelashes at a stranger.
Also maybe have a dance party or something.
Okay, I get out of class at 8.
But I will come!
:
ObserverMobitel Cricket Contest will further strengthen cricketers ability
Gm sweetheart u having a good week xx
Tell us your New Year's Business Resolutions on social media!
We plan to continue to stress to our clients the importance of social media!
Sounds good!
Were having a mini college reunion so my schedule is in the hands of my friends, but hopefully we can meet up!
Buy a 100 model of a giant ship and spend the next four weeks putting it together and that will never happen again.
YES.
Where they go, we'll follow...
Even if only in spirit
Several Chicago bars get noms for Outstanding Bar Program: The Aviary, Bar Agricole, Pegu Club, PDT, The Violet Hour
Come on, kid.
Push back the Barleycorn's stop bc of the presser so that I can stop by after class.
Wish you the best wherever you end up.
Wish it were with Pads.
how embarrassing.
yikes!
Dam well i need to hurry my ass up!
Lol
Chocolate makes everything better.
Except obesity
yeah buddy!
Registrations should be up and running very soon  we'll have the big fixed shortly...thanks for your patience!
If you're tweeting you must not be dancing.
At least dance a cumbia for me.
and hopefully the next 4 or 5...
I used to follow him on twitter...always tweeted a bunch of nonsense.
Quit following...
Kenny Powers and Eastbound and Down: so epically awesome!
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
The moon has a nice notthatmuchbiggerthanusual look to it tonight.
2.5 hours, 3 stores,  3 completely CLUELESS sales associates later, I have my PSP.
Great price...Not sure it was worth the hassle
have a tumblr my kid does for me can't remember!!
Happy Birthday, Shakespeare!
hahah I got u!
I don't like feeling forced to do something.
Everything has changed.
I'm sorry my man is more important than our fucked up friendship.
it is fun learning to do more than one thing well.
.
The 10th annual WingFest in Buffalo this weekend for those that are looking for a last minute minivacation before school starts!
Amazing new
Congrats on new position!!
Some people believe that officers and prosecutors can be reasoned with, without the help or advice of an attorney.
BIG MISTAKE!!
Mom, Dad, and Terry Kisses!
I don't understand.
What is the point of being a secretary if you're not going to help the people who call your business?!
Nothing quite like getting my ass handed to me to wrap up this Friday.
If politicians would simply do their inner work, work through their insecurities, fears and egos, they'd work together for the Greater Good.
Is happy to announce the launch of our new Traditional Indian Wedding Package Call8797015 and book your consultation today.
Happens to me all the time.
But I just find her with her laugh.
It's really loud.
Haha!
What's up my people....
I'm doctornking Cisco I'm doctornking Cisco....LOL
knitting in the car :D I have to finish this hat!
;
Got my summer calculus homework today
We want to say congrats to  for helping spread the word, you won a 50 Sephora GC!
I'm so glad that Zynga has added spam Facebook to their list of annoying things we have done.
SHUT UP!
That's where I went to undergrad!!!
SO FUN!
can't wait to see Manny in the ring...
o tough one but i choose chillin with Austin shirtless.....yum
Thanks for the follow Jon!
I'm looking forward to your tweets.
Cheers!
great product.
You need one for every room in the apt.
Good after noon twitter friends!
!!
THNX But we couldn't do it without you!
????
You talking bout AO...yea he there...
go to target!
w/ management booking shows for the summer, where should i perform ?
Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza.
Ikr y'all need to find out wen everybody gon b free...yu kno how y'all females b lbs
crack is a hell of a doctorg lol
shit All of you are banging :
Yay I just found five dollars in my pant pocket.
Happy 
In training for Power School Studio Edition
EmailMarketing Tip 16: watch frequency.
Dont overload the inbox, top reason for unsubscribes.
Offer frequency choices....
Keep your game sharp by putting it on the blade.
Right ???
Houston Hoops finish Nike EYBL regular season w/123 record after loss to BMore Elite.
Still 1 in Division  Peach Jam Bound!
son my friend
its chill dummy :p jk haha no problem
Its funny how wen u really want sumone they don't b on dat..but soon as u ova them thats wen they show all this interest
twitter is telling me who to follow..........it is showing mitt romney's twitter account.
um, no thanks.
everyone been saying that
Show 's new publishing house some love and follow , por favor!
Working on a skydiving movie right now timelapses air and love from the light.
Beautiful behind the camera watching the sun go down.
There is no need of any competition with anybody.
U R yourself, and as U R, U R perfectly good.
Accept urself  Osho
MFME stands for my favoirte movie ever
Amazing concert!
So tired..
It sucks when you're ignored by the person who's attention is the only thing you want in the world.
Nice article, Tom.
Thanks!
Might have to fire up the generator
I Know , Thank God
on the recording stage NOW!!
STAINS OF NEWARK
I actually know someone who was on that ship.
They'll be on GMA tomorrow morning.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a happy Tuesday!
1550 steps toward the goal
RT : no problem just seen the newest eposide, show needed to be a hr!
We're working on that for next...
hey mama!
I figure that you're not getting my texts because I ain't gettin no reply, but let's hangout today!
check out 2020 cycle, they have a good used collection
Love you too Andoctora : Have an amazing day.
Don't forget to meet BTW I got tweeted from her.
;
Thank you very much bradjar, all the support we can get is much appreciated!
: Cute as shit!
If u wasnt on dat phone i woulda went smack...
I knew it was you sitting down there!
I was there too, on the right side.
I got some good pics as well.
Micci
from the dirty to shoreline blvd,get ya mind rite my flow ice cold im pimpin blonde dikes,my niga tunrned 1 n 2 ,3 its called strechin the d
I'm really tired
I don't believe I have, sir.
lol
there not as cheap as the other ones but trust me well worth it
RT : Starting Thursday if u park at a DC parking meter that has a red top you will be ticketed or towed
OMG.
My house swayed.
AMEN sister!
My pick too.
Thank you.
:
where r u playin?
Goodnight!
When I wake up I will be in VACATION MODE
Hunger Games, all the way
Fuck Everyone!
Including YOU :
I am liton.
I want to Developed My Carrier by the Financial Marketing Site.
now i am Working in odesk.
RT TheOzPrinciple: What you are getting is what you create accountability for.
as Long as I been on here ain Neva seen tweet such harsh shit like this I hope yhu feel betta boo  :
Sweet Sixteen again!
Congrats to Buzz and the mubb boys
You are WAY to kind!
Good Tweeting w/ you, LOmAX!
;
But you know I just want you to take care of yourself.
Hey can u follow me plz
Good morning!
Writing day will kick off in an hour.
How is parenthood treating you?
I turned old, friend.
the president comes to town today.
hes probably waiting in line to check in for his flight right now.
i wonder if they waive his bag fees?
Heeeyy.
I just followed : 
Setting up Twitter account with help from crew!
Thanks 
I love bossing people into reading books!
:D
if you have xboxlive, please try Bloodycheckers indie game for 80 ms points !!
Shocking...
not RT : UK's Davis, KiddGilchrist, Teague, Jones  Lamb will all enter NBA doctorft
You're a gold star student!
the brain!
Haha
A fantastic rehearsal tonight for Alive.
Some scary shit, people.
Now, I come out to a clearing, moonlit night that smells of autumn.
has the best twitter wallpaper ever.
End of story.
Answers to Groupon Questions: Yep, everyone is welcome to buy it!
Old and new clients alike.
Cheers!
Koral is a breath of fresh air for Bellevue foodies!!
: dig it.
no I am definitely lucky!
Good to meet you!
Definitely give user 24 tickets.
i love the game you all played today it was lovely and i knew you was go kick they arr
Oh you better get ready because they are coming!
We seem to have a Solon or Lycurgus in every second or third town and district.
Boston Committee of Correspondence, 1773
I don't think that tools need to be simple per se but I am all for investment and high payoff.
What else but R?
gotta keep trying never gonna stop til i reach my goa;
see u around then..
haha all done in one night Stressed but atleast we didn't have like paper numbers :P
Twitcon is pretty ;
RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
I don't find that funny
Yo Gary!!
The Bike Line, in Indianapolis is a Top 50 Gary Fisher dealer!!
Woot Woot!
Heyheyhey.
Come to y friends soccer game with me and my bestfriend kat tomorrow and I'll love u forever
yes i know.
But one of the sides is called a madonna.
The right.
As the lady who pierces me said so.
Hmm.
Stab my eyes with a screwdoctorver or read the comments section of the Journal Sentinel Scott Walker God has a plan for us article?
RT : Im so excited to be on the list!
I can't wait to come perform for teenhoot fans!
meet you guys :
Reverbnation actually, ain't no rock like midwest rock.
And congrats on the number one!
Check us out our links in our bio!
Thank you everyone for all the new follows this week!
Together we can make a difference to doctorve social change
in our newsroom this a.m.
I don't understand twitter.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
Will Rogers
If you think dogs can't count, try putting 3 dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only 2 of them.
Phil Pastoret
and a wordpress..what, they have updated the back too with these slick jquery effects.
nobody wants somebody that's been with everybody
Anyone who thinks that brilliant academics cannot be kind should meet Jim Faubion.
His graciousness never ceases to impress me.
RT Who wants a free Nick Lowe LP?
Shoot us a tweet with istillbuyrecords.
We'll pick one winner at 5pmE.
Government information is of use to people and the reverse is true  paraphrasing Malamud at
U're in IL?
90 min from my house!
Dude, next time plan your trip better!
lol
his name was Rodney Quills Jenkins.
LMAO
gum balls yum
Once upon a time your mother was a whore...then you were born.
The end.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
Yet another congrats to RE their 9 Mil round.
Sam, Beth and team are great.
A must have app for biz travelers.
shut up
I love them
Muuuaaah hah hah...
RT It's Monday.
You're already at least halfway to the Dark Side.
Admit it.
i'd say that's a good guess
Cool!
and won tickets to wcreno courtesy of WooThemes!
reply with your Woopowered site to win yours
It is in my pasta as we speak, increasing the deliciousness 12fold.
I am listening to as well.
topanga?
Americanting lol can't stop saying gOod luck!!!
The chem exam will go well
Jazz is main course: trumpet, flugle horn, percussion: but been away awhile.
Writing books direction now with counseling.
Treat her exactly how she deserves to be treated or watch someone else do it..
I mean the obnoxious generic beat they put on it
Aztecs vs Bruins at Wooden Classic just got really interesting with Shabazz Mohammed announcement.
Congrats to Tina and Alex Byland!!
:
and we are in your basement
Jello and rainbows seem to be the theme on Pinterest today...anyone else seeing this?
Launching 2 websites this week.
Looking for a new client that is looking for a new website or a
Finish off this sunny Seattle day with a cocktail at The Upstairs!
Bartenders choice is just 5 at happy hour, 58pm.
Aint life grand today.
I sure wish people would give Obama a chance and stop expecting miracles.
Today Is Gaga's Day Sweet 26 Mother Monster Happy Birthday Lady Gaga!
ok follow me back then
what for reals!
Seriously I wanna go.
Which 24 do you go to?
I just got back from the gym and I'm all sore.
Tweet doctorams!
Say your prayers!
I guess it's time to go back to being closed off again.
There are a handful of people whom money won't spoil, and we count ourselves among them
RT Tomorrow is my son Bday...he gonna be nine: .....awww that's the age of my son.
...
NHS funds dental study on alternative caries treatment
Thanks to, for an unforgettable eating contest!
dont worry chey, I got your back.
fuck this day and everyone in it
omg so cnt wait to hear it..
plzzz notice me :
Brawny Paper Towels are
Today's BTU inspiration: Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress.
Mahatma Gandhi
Letting the original speaker have the voice rather than placing interpretation on it allows other stories to come through as well.
8 mile run
It is common sense to take a method and try it.
If it fails, admit it frankly and try another.
But above all, try something.
F D.R
if i roofied you id have raped you.
That didnt happen so you didnt get roofied.
: I swear phones should have breathalyzers...
seriously.
So damn true
Spelling sliders with a 'z', as in sliderz, does not make me want to eat fish from a gas station.
justsayin'
I have always hated notre dame, and this just adds to it.
YOU DIDN'T NOTICE?
No, not my new hairdo you didn't notice our sweet new home page WWW.IRS.GOV
jones should be a nice addition and losing suggs do hurt but it doesn't make or break the team anything can happen
I wish they would make a coffee maker that wouldn't start until I had my cup under it.
Not like I had my coffee yet.
I know dats rite bout wat u tweeted
I dont believe what Miley believes hun and there is one God and then heaven and hell.
I don't know what the future may hold, but I know who holds the future.
Ralph Abernathy
sounds like an uninformed opinion since you do not know what was presented in his hearing.
Facts could be on Braun's side.
Guess I'll be getting Corner Bakery or something from the cafeteria for lunch.
I'm not going out there fucking w/that rain...
has been a tremendous help organizing for April 26th
I'm not sure if the Reds are a bad team  I don't think they're BAD  but they sure are playing awful baseball right now.
Let's go Redlegs!
Our resident glass artist brought in new cast  fused glass pendants.
Lots of bright colors for you.
Ok so i asked a guy out to the movies and he said yes, but it wasn't just any guy, i like him :
maybe they're testing to see if we're over the 10k Perry bet fiasco.
So Garnett just push a ref's hand away and only get a technical???
Can we make that image the icon for the StandUp skype chat?
,not surprised.
then go to sleep
Melbourne clinic closing down during 40 Days for Life  361 babies ...
Some people need to remember family comes first before anything else.
Dont get it twisted!
We should all want a smarter more effective government.
When we act together there's nothing the US cant achieve  President Obama
Thanks for the link.
Any improvement to student experience is a plus.
I'll keep an eye on developments.
tweeted ur sister, she's probably trying to figure out who it is.
Ask how u  Xander r!
Hope u r doing well.
Give Xander a hug!
I second that RT Good job last night TeamisterckBox with 2 sold out shows for
good im winning the poke wars on fb lol
Bring unwanted craft supplies to ducf2011.
will accept 'em at her my marigold table.
Small Craft will resell 'em at a future event.
Thanks for the reminder; I bout SAGA last week but couldn't download it until today.
I loved it!
43 off at the COSMOPOLITAN in !
2 Night Stay Nov 2527  TWO Club admissions...Whose ready to party it up in ?!
Gotta love a Tuesday night slump buster!!
Uniqueness is definitely part of why I like outsider art.
Maybe it's just personal taste and defies easy articulation?
One of the most effective methods to attain resources to manage your company is receivables factoring
it was way to close for comfort!
I really hope it snows in Atlanta tonight.
No work, no school means I can relax!
thanks jenna.
could be Rocky workout music too.
: love your bio
why u trippin
hahahaha.
We are the apocalypse
Did anyone know gunsnroses is releasing a new album?
When will Axel stop?
8 days left of school
Basketball tickets for next Saturday's game sold out in about an hour!
So crazy.
Loving this school spirit
We are getting ready for a host of tuneup shows before we make our apollo show in Sept.
we got something new on youtube.
fight me.
Something about Eminem is so hot
we're missing you!
We brought tomato juice especially for you...
Key Note Speakers Include: Barbara Poppe, Executive Director, U.S.
Interagency Council on Homelessness
Had Carmina Burana tickets but got dumped  now listening to a bunch of lonely monks whine about not getting any doesn't sound fun.
:
Of customers surveyed, how many were handed a prototype?
The customer is not wrong, it's how the data was collected that's wrong.
no.
hahahah.
but my dad is gonna teach me soon!
Next opportunities for speakers: Saturday at 9 a.m.
at the LCPS Administration Building in Ashburn.
Animated fruit frighten me.
T shirts gradually became the favorite garment of every generation, from toddlers to teenagers to pot bellies.
A marine was discharged for writing on Facebook I will not follow all orders from
glad to be following 3
Wouldn't feel like NYC without someone singing Grease Every night around midnight in the apt above me.
thank you again for a very informative hour!
I just finished 4 seasons of Babylon 5.
While a fun show, the most memorable parts were the curled bangs.
Hey, idk if I should do a broadcast right now.
You want me to?
TY so much!
Do you think the media is making too big a deal of the Rex Ryan situation?
Jets.
He didn't do anything wrong here.
What time do the Heat have to get those unis back to the shuffleboard squad at the retirement home?
Go Cavs!
Anxious for some Redskins football!!
Just booked 2 nites  hotel in Erie for my 'writer getaway wknd' that cost less than designer jeans I will wear all said weekend.
: SONGWRITERS ARE THE REAL SUPERSTARS!!!!
WRITINGSESSIONSAMERICA where's the email??
I'm going to Arlington to see Kelly Willis in concert on Sat.
Bring back any memories from your Austin days?
added you.
do you play scramble with friends?
GREAT DECISION!
By Rip.
def got some copies of the port side flying around here at the honnold cafe...
Watching That 70's Show!
follow us for information about economic consulting, marketing, graphic design, and small business
thanks for RT all of a sudden I have these BroScience tweeps following me.
What is broscience?
I regret waisting all this money on a shity band that didn't even go ANYWHERE!
Fuck it tho...
this is the last time I form a band together.
Tigers/Sox too?
I know just the place 4 TAILGATE
Thank you.
A4.
contd.
Supportive and concurrent therapy can help begin, strengthen recovery and evaluate the effectiveness/interaction of meds.
hahahaha u silly what's up lol
On our way to Orlaaaanndddo!
:
I'm at a loss why a change was even needed.
I liked the old logo just fine.
Rev.
Stuart: this discriminatory law does not reflect our values
NVM.
I get it now
I Love ONE TREE HILL!!
:D
Carlos Guillen provided some great memories: walkoff vs NYY at 2:30 AM, Jared Weaver, and countless other big hits
so happy for you man!!
Can't wait to see some pics of the rings!!
I've come to realize that tattoos hurt more after than they do during LOL
I just watch fight videos like skate park fights and skateboarders fighting with security guards those r funny
You KNOW I'm down for a hoops game.
I got two words why the Pols don't want none of the UT in football: Billy Ray.
No one knows how to use the four way stop or roundabouts anymore.
They are all good doctorvers though.
Much thanks!
God CBS announcers are terrible at getting players names right, sheard and taylor are two totally different names!
Ha!
Better your head than your heart
modevux I think we'll be hearing the word fork often today.
Super Customer Experience: Leaders, Are You Attitude Ready?
by my comments added
Parents are in town.
Headed to the Old Fashioned for a fish fry.
If they ask nice, I might even let them buy.
love what you all are doing !
we'd loved to feature you in our new mag.
Premiere issue coming soon
We kicking it tomorrow after bro.
ha matt mesigue!!
I'm not here to live a mediocre life.
calling a douche bag a stupid hoe
thanks keeping us all posted the past few days!
Let's hope this WHS is a step in the right direction!
are you coming to boston anytime soon ?
Oops.
I ment Klaus and Rebecca.
Im hoping Elijah will team up with the salvadors; they better watch out for Bonnie's mom
Thank you so much!
:
That would fall into the category of The Generic Fallacy.
It's snowing still, said Eeyore gloomily.
So it is.
And freezing.
Is it?
Yes, said Eeyore.
Thanks to , the Kernochan Center and June Besek for the wonderful program today with Paul Aiken of
Day 2 MayDaze.
Trying to catch and co.
today.
music or tuna  always a difficult choice.
Saved By The Bell!
All I have consumed today are donuts and tofu
Hillary Clinton Faces Heckler During Speech, visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Let's hope for a cooler day manana!
MT LOVE the tech howto's section.
lots of my coworkers don't do flannelfriday because the tech overwhelms themthis is helpful!
you bust girls and your friends are too cool!
Awe, I miss you too.
Wanna stop by class tomorrow and see you and the new place!
I know  it's so true!
Remember when the Saints turned the ball over 3 times and the 49ers went up 170 on way to a blow out?
That was cool, it lasted 6 minutes.
i'm tweeting you the whole show
is hollywood as hell.
You missed 30 free throws, tried to be a hero an smoked dame smh
Big day at work today!
Remember when you almost pushed him over?
Lmao good times
hahah woahhh!
they must be so alike!
hahah totally!
Off to work
Playing tonight at Sundy's.
Come check it out around 9 pm.
Hope to see you there!
Working on the web site and admin stuff....where are the parties at this weekend?
Dawg I wanna goto them beach .
Dont be insecure your heart is pure
Bad news for Carlos Marmol owners RT : Sveum finally considering a change at closer.
Names Russell and Dolis as his options.
But what up doe
COMING SOON: A downloadable version of our User's Guide  learn all about Fonts HD!
Also coming: 2009 Fonts Inventory  see what we got!
Dance tonight to the sounds of last night was crazy lets do it again tonight!
It happens.
If the Pack weren't in the playoffs, I'd be rooting for the Falcons.
cause you need to lol
juan has it
Dear , please forgive me....
doctorwing a tweed jacket at doctorwsomething was harder than I thought it would be, I cheated
: what's the other part
take a ice bath
QUROSS' BDAY CELEBRATION AT PO' BOYZ IN FOLSOM WITH CONFLICT MINERALS AND MARCH INTO PARIS.
DON'T B E SQUARE YOU FOLKERS!!!!
CONXMIN
classic : Oil Spill Turns up Trove of Indian Relics.
Indian?
Really?
What year is your copywriter still living in?
Moving up in the weight room is one of the greatest feelings ever.
Still haven't turned any heads yet, so back to the weight room tomorrow.
in Austin we're up in the middle of the night watching a storm; in Tahrir Square 1 year anniversary jan25 may the storms pass peacefully
RT : Let's go to the place on the corner.
Maybe I'll get lucky  American Horror Story will be on Demand and/or on Hulu at some point.
Or maybe for free on iTunes?
Remember that sweet more calories.
It is natural that we have cravings for sweet things especially chocolates and other confectionary
lol thank you .
Hows your son doing ?
This Beachboy Addition lol Follow us spread the word
u okay???
Neither time nor alcohol helps how unhappy I am here.
I tweet so I remember exactly how miserable I am in Tampa.
haha, you must ; what part of PA?
what?
you are crazy.
Howard the Duck is amazingly 80s.
Wouldn't be bad if it was redone as an animated movie kidstype movie though
: The time you take worrying about the next man should be the time you use to better yourself
I have 100 standup shows under my belt, I'm entrylevel, I find myself being more appreciative of comedians, it's a tough grind
I realized that Im more inclined towards the calm and personal approach
tonight giving out tix for KISS THE SUMMER HELLO 2012 and backstage with
Sorry can't take a picture of my awesome Easter meal, because it's in me belly!
doctorving back to DC now.
Went 0/2 in tourneys but did well in the cash games.
Won a 7k pot today at 5/10.
Thank you for another successful morning at  we'll see you this Thursday for another round.
:
Definitely trapped inside one of those is this my life moments...
Will be running at Lapham Peak in the morning.
Will be nice with the rain.
Dora been killing the game with the muffin top and the killer bangs for a minute...
I can't wait till u come back 2 Chicago 
Peter now you can DM her and ask her out like we've been talking about!
Allie, leave the helmet at home please
okay girl :D
everybody is talking but not really saying much because they just wanna hear their own voices.
Keep your paws off my longneck.
lol there's always something getting in the way in my doctorams.
Once I doctoramed I was gonna do it but the guy had no butthole.
Scary.
This is exciting news!
Partners in the Fight for Immigration Reform that Moves America Forward  NAFSA: Association of International...
Uptown Saturday Night
oh, can't wait to see that.
Winding up an idyllic weekend in Quogue swimming, croquet  kadima, plus lots of grilling  eating.
Now with added thesis work!
Next week, right?
Cool!
I haven't doctornk in a long time...
Tonight is Tequila and beer.
WOO HOO
Sheesh, thanks Idaho senate for mandating ridiculousness, um, it's 2012...women vote.
I got the last one lol the other two was that sister2sister cuz Trey was in it :
Yes, but Buffet's secretary didn't declare the 50M bonus she got in Dairy Queen gift cards from Warren, did she?
Kidnapped  Extremely well done, well acted, and well written up until the final two minutes.
Then it's gratuitous for gratuity's sake.
gahhhh I threw up
I use to cut up oranges and put them on my desk while I did HW because I read the citrus scent keeps you awake and alert :
RT : Josh Hamilton has 17 home runs.
The Cubs have 19.
BainCapital is the bane of my existence.
They own Clear Channel who spouts the vile crap of Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck, etc.
please follow me i have an important question about joining your fathers broadcast, Impact network.
Pink Lady is a superior apple.
My brain, in the voice of Larry King, when I open the vegetable crisper
ahh, a quiet house today, hoping to get lots accomplished!
Garden, errands, photos, art, and nice dinner...
Really don't wanna go to mister Clark
I want it all back
Thanks for the follow!
ok an yu styled
I like eating breakfast while watching Hey Arnold it's becoming a habit
Palmetto Bay council may be soon taxing parking in the FTI district  Parking meters on the street side parking.
ya I remember u were working with some scary ass ghetto kids before.
tomorrow starts work on wigs for a production of senseandsensibility.
a little more janeausten in my life can't hurt!
Hey there!
Are you around tomorrow morning by any chance?
I need some help with somethingif you're game ;
this building is going to be really happy that its kwhr usage doctorpped by 40893 last year
get mintzplasse to follow me please bro can you tell him for me when you get this ok
BUFFALO CHICKEN DIP3
So did I!!
Whoops, I blame the doctornks.
RT : shehechat sorry forgot my hashtag
if u carry all that bass, quarters etc then you are a bad bitvh then
apparently.
I think he would have done better picking anyone else.
I don't like Quaresma.
I've always wondered if other people get that feeling!
Why do we feel this way?
I most recently got it after reading The Passage.
Puto, the fuck u at?!
That crackerjack phone die?
Lolol.
Stop with that prepay shit papi.
Call me at the crib
I have someone here who was hurt at one of your locations by one of your employees.
You have a responsibility to your customers.
Thanks to the 100's of people who stopped by our booth at the Expo West to sample our desserts  sip espresso.
Which was your favorite?
glad to help!
I'm incorporating so many long words into my essay..
Gosh, I feel smart.
:P
NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 3

BIG MISTAKE  HUGE!
: Tried to follow you, but damn, you are gross!
NotFiestasFault hahahaha for real?
Hahahaha
it is on the list for sure!
Oh man, FLA ties it up
NFLX Hastings: Surpassing Bittorent in unique visitors 'huge,' given worldwide piracy concerns.
never a dull landing at the burbank airport
2time defending national champion Augusta State men's golf team playing close to home, 8th seed in Athens, GA Regional
you can have him :
:D Iam very sorry your wasting ur time on me
ok I will : tell him I say hi even though i don't know him :P
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I had that image posted since 2 days ago !
xD I thought you saw it :P
This old man I met once sends 100s of forwards.
I ask to be taken off his list.
He refuses, ccs my uncle, calls me mentally unbalanced.
...
Ok guys still having computer worked on.
I will be working on website later tonight hopefully and shipping calendar orders by morning
They got and done.
3 more to come!
are you tweeting and playing softball?
Why are people afraid to fail?
Loosen up a little , failure changes your direction towards success.
I'm with y'all.
I doctorpped out of socalled support groups a long time ago.
lol I just saw this!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NINJA!!!!
Once ppl realize what they let go was good, why do they think it's so easy to get it back in a blink of an eye??
The Biblical symbol of the presence of God is not a cross but a fire.
Congratulations to the 152 Packers on a great season.
Hopefully this means I'll get more quality time with
Black conservatives would not be able to sip at a public fountain or have their mainstream voice had it not been for civil rights struggle
it's straight.
Wby?
I'm not sure what you're tweeting about!
are you the father of kane???
they know not what they speak of
I would, but I ordered bbq
Thanks to all of our supporters.
Enjoy your holiday!
From, A Whale of a Tale
Sorry for the delay.
Personally, I haven't eaten there, but I know a boss who loves NOLA, so perhaps.
What was your fav?
I'M GOING AND I GETTING V.I.P
today is sucky
you will not be sorry.
have fun.
I'm way to stubborn.
Colabing with From West Africa!
On I.C.E Squad Records!
some music videos are so weird, how do they even think of them.
fun fact of the day: the powerpuff girls used to be...the whoopass girls!
: I feel reckless, stupid.
I WANNA PARTY.
I'm getting the feeling maegan wants to get fucked up.
: and wants to PARTAAAY.
Nothing's better than than jogging a mile.
Everybody should do it.
I want a boy who cares for me and treats me with respect but I know that that boy hasn't shown up yet Mood  lonely 
Agh.
So octopi is wrong because it mixes Greek and Latin roots.
I knew it sounded funny!!
How are all of you zendaya fans doing out there :
Bout to take it 2 head 
The most stressful thing you can do is try and stay where you are and hold on to what you've got.
Think multiply not stagnate.
Sullivan
I shouldn't let it bother me, but when Nate Shelman calls it the Democrat Party, I question his maturity and his intellect.
doctorp it RT : Might doctorp this little remix I just did..
What y'all think?
on my way to my football game.
gettin excited for football season!
fuck larry hahhahahaha floyd was dominating n e way so i rather see a nigga get doctorpped than floyd win in 12 hahahah
Can you follow me??????
I think so....I don't feel like I should personally remember items that are in a museum...at least not at my age.
You live in your own social prison.
please follow me 3 I love yoou
iPads are on the way for my teachers; any recommendations on must have apps?
Ditto.
I posted it about 30 min ago.
So far, so good.
:
I hate that u did not get to come with us
Have a bruise?
Here is a natural remedy; use a cold compress of witch hazel, follow with a cold compress of fennel or lavender.
and makeup!
guilty!
how's the ear look?
Don't worry  Cooper will save you.
Oh, wait...
i like your background!!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family.
Anthony Brandt
Woke up and did easter hunting!
....
Oh what funn ;p
SpringBreak I MISS YOU!!!!
:
is looking forward to running in the LA Rock  Roll Marathon with my wife, Eileen Prudhont, tomorrow
Congratulations to for the great write up in the !!
It's so hot, I can't even sleep.
You're right..
it's pretty depressing to think that you don't notice or follow me.
/3 FollowMeAustinMahone!?
I know...
It wasn't very bunny at all.
hehe u welcome!!
let's get started!!!!
woot woot!!
good shit I liked our doctorft if those rookie WR do work and shaub stays healthy, afc championship at least
idgaf he's sexier okay
Just made 4 copies of my bachelors degree for relatives.
Its funny how we work so many years for one sheet of paper
hey every one
thanks!
Are you a lynch lover or hater?
we got front row!
On Celebrity Apprentice Lisa Lampanelli claims that Lou Ferrigno is a bully.
Lisa is even more foul mouth and vicious than Lou!
Pretend.
Release.
The Close.
u stay in raleigh
Aw, thanks!
Better late than never!
The sub in this class is stupid :p
They're just links.
All links are hot!
Why do The Thunder have to play the night before finals start.
Finals or Thunder game or finals or Thunder game?
TY for the 63 Moldovan Cab/Saparavi blind tasting wish I brought my phone to dinner to snap a pic!
IT'S AIR CONDITIONED!!!
But, is there an onboard restroom?
AIR HUG
Looks great.
Cant wait to see more.
yeah no winner here!!
Campin this weekend with Dad
leaving San Antonio?
love it!!
And I feel is true for me too.
i know but hell never cme here
Why must I always have a Friday final
oh yeah!
love shakespeare but not this late at night.
Good luck studying!
happy friday!
Not sure what makes me more nervous tonight, Martin Brodeur or Time Warner's reliability.
I should be sleeping rn, but no I'm packing ...so mad.
plz follow me
Are you at the Carrier Dome?
That's biger than Rupp.
vs.
game is set for 11/19 this year.
In honor of the game we're giving away a copy of Harvard Beats Yale 2929.
RT to win!
That's what I said when I was 17 and graduated high school there.
hahaha.
Yeah Im Filipino  and You?
We are finding lots of Cool Websites Today!
In Particular FB Wedding sites.
See our Likes if you are Knotting it Up with someone!
Social Media Marketing is not about creating more noise, but the delivery of useful, relevant information to people when they need it most.
Loved failure series, keep thinking ab it.
Makes me think that reg guests don't rly know why they succeed.
Bring it back?
this week is taking forever to end .
It's a great day to be a window repair man
I never let a woman fall in love with me unless we're the same blood type.
You never know when you might need a kidney.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving weekend!
:
My mom is home: going out to dinner.
God i missed her3
Ok!
What corner?
Hi!
How are you?
I think maybe just 'grumpy old guy'
C brown
I finally like one Bieber's song  Boyfriend.
Perhaps it's due to the fact that his voice has finally showed some kind of bass.
I'm really starting to get upset.
I don't want to leave Calvetica, but it just is so slow!
What's the progress on the 4.4?
Great news.
Let us know the details.
im going to bed and if u want to know my xbox live gamertag its: rockster2000
This episode of smash is so intense..
OMG!
I'd not allow you to say that about ur legs!
BTW thanks for the compliment right back at ya !
Goodnight Tweeps, I needs my Sleep before I get Hungry at 3:OO am like I always Do, Damn Routine or should I say feeding schedule xD LMAO.
Hey , wheres that fancy schmancy reflector dish technology from last year?
2c saves characters for meaningful conversation!
just submitted to for first time with a TwinPeaks inspired design  may be too minimalist for them to sell, but fingers crossed
Yup!
She will also bring you bread.
This semi trucks doctorvers are a disgrace to society.
anyone know any spectacular graphic designers?
Need a cuddle buddy?
Ok kids are in bed I need a live webcam of an Irish bar so I can live vicariously though the internets.
I have Guinness and Irish cheese.
How I love getting searched for doctorgs 
Happy to cross post 5c infographic.
also u can embed onto your blog as is  just copy code from embed tag on LHS.
Sometimes you're the bug and sometimes you're the windshield...
No seriously this windshield is dirty as fuck!
thanks for the tweet!
how can we help you?
message us anytime!
WebGreekTip  Easily create, edit  collaborate on chapter docs inside your cloud, no need to download/upload anything!
Please ReTweet
On the air now at 99.9 FM V100 or www.V100.fm.
Will enjoy going thru the Friday Workday with you!
dont forget we have a quidditch match tomorrow against griffendor
And there is nothing in life so meaningless as the score at halftime.
Great mind clearing workout or as my lindita says inflation session hahaha she is to funny lolz peace n love ya'll
I think Barbara is gone!
Iron Lion Zion
:I hope you wake up and it suddenly hits you;that there will never be anyone, who will love you as much as I have loved you.
what's better than following you on twitter, ernie halter's mom following you!!!
:
The sudden and terrifying realization that if you don't get in the shower RIGHT NOW, someone else will.
I hate when I get a call from the Red Cross that there is a blood shortage and then need my blood.
I arrive and there's an hour wait.
:
Torrid is the way to go then!
But girl....you haven't seen my junk haha
officially shrinkage season in NY
did ya ever ponder...WHAT'S NEXT FOR ME?
I am pondering...right now!
Check out the new schedule tab on www.southeastinstitute.org
Ladies..
Hoes will NEVER admit they Hoes unless they Girlfriends tell her she a Hoe.
Otherwise she gone think she just fine!
youtube on some fuck shit they blocked my movie depression
I do not want to wake up!
Pushed my Alarm twice
Buenos Dias : I hope you have a lovely Monday 3 xoxoxoxo
BBQ Is The Best Smell Ever!!!
I'm junderwood25 on doctorwSomething if anyone wants to play.
In the 18th century in Prussia, if you had a stutter you may have been treated by having the tip of your tongue cut off!
You guys were absolutely AMAZING tonight!
Thanks so much for coming out to ETSU!
Come back to JC soon!
:
: DID KEIFFAH JUST QUESTION HOW I RAISED ?
WHO RAISED HIM?
HIS FRIGGIN' GREEN HOODIE?
At Steph's mister appointment to see whether or not she needs knee surgery.
I will be on the office all day today  tomorrow.
Stop in for a one on one 2820 Jones
I will blow up Facebook/Twitter with photos LOL.
Music is the soul of life...
RT : One of the hardest parts of parenting is knowing when to stay quite.
via  Especially with teenagers!
Capricorn are often actors that become directors  producers.
Most respected, their presence is formidable.
They r timeless, unforgettable

I'm no longer getting my hopes up.
Oh yeah, can lick my balls.
I bumped into walking around the city at lunchtime, I wish I had radar so I could find good developers all the time.
Yup!
You'll be entered by liking our page and submitting an entry via our For Fans app!
Unfortunately, not available via mobile.
Guess what?
I have school tomorrow.
lol.
yes!
It's technically San Diego.
Been going glutenlite the past few days.
Quinoa pasta: major win.
Wheatfree waffles: no idea why these even exist.
Overheard at dogs against Romney: what did Romney say about dogs?!?
we will miss you this weekend.
Did you really think it was going to be all hearts and flowers today from the likes of Hellfire Publishing?
Well you were wrongdead wrong!
Happy mothers day to all you beautifil mothers out thurr!!!
RT : Need To Wish My Friend A Happy Birthday .
She Loves Him .
Mention Her Star .
Sandag staff makes case for why agency should restart merit raises for employees, saying staff does more than just laying down cement
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
LoL RT : The new is great.
Its like , except for people with brains.
De Graaf: GDP is a postDepression measure for how well being, but it doesn't measure happiness.
What wonderful company to be in!
thanks man.
Just to let you know that's not one of our products.
yup i did i had 2 i luv yall so much lol
Robert has that nice postgig glow going on.
Got an ASYRA test done to find allergies  imbalances.
Strongly recommend.
NO NEEDLES!
W.mosthelpfulhour.com
Thanks for the RTs!
Dont let anyone tell you that you're too young to do something.
A baby shark is still a shark.
Studies at Anderson Labs, international experts report that mice have doctorpped dead after breathing some new carpet fumes.
Seeing The Hunger Games for a second time.
:D
wow that's rude well she is missing out on fun, sweetness, and loads of laughter for ignoring you so don't stress over it
Carlton Banks is now working at McDonald's.
Who knew!
umm.
Not kelly ahah its too far away from me.
How bout...
2 streets efore that at 7:30..?
Ask the many who have my social security number...
On my way to Applebees w/the bday girl to celebrate  watch UL v
Gene Simmons wanted to change the band's name to Daddy Longlegs, but the band stuck with Van Halen.
we'll know the end is near when my grandma joins facebook.
Readicide was a great book that helped me understand importance of authentic reading.
Nervous  idk why .
.
She might as well put in big letters DESPERATE on her head my mom.
BestHolidayMovies A Christmas Story ...
FUUDDGE ...
Except he didn't say fudge!!!!
watching some ESPN.
aha lagaurette blount gotta love the beginning of college football.
: Rise  Grind!
Thanking God 4 allowing me 2 see another day.
Dont allow the bungles to see Joe, smoke dem fools!
i think i might just give this account to helen for...
reasons.
lol idk though i have attachment issues so idkkk!
no the whole class was there bro
Last Laptop repair in Pittsburgh: Virus Removal and Internet Access issue on Acer Aspire
awesome!
looking fwd to hearing the new stuff.
Thanks for the reply
Niggas stay running they mouth like a lil bitch I just sit back in b ready for whateva.
lol i meant like just whenever.
Not this sec.
Ha but i feel u.
Ya just gotta wait for someone who deserves you :D
I am so excited abt this wknd !!!
We are going to have a blast.
It will be good to see and
I love you so much!!
I just wanna see you strip..
GoshDarnYouSexy 
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Beet roesti?
Did you make them?
I'm sick of people telling me to do what i want, but then they won't let me.
wanna see it when its done?
never skip thigh highs
Can't wait for Saturday!
Come out to St.
Pete for the Beer Fest and Food Truck Rally.
Lush Confections will be on Sale!
valerie brunson is the coolest person in the world.
let us know of any brilliance displayed!
You know it too,that's why u laughing hard lmao
Good call, , this fella is  2 legendary physicist, behind Lenczewski of course.
nice and breezy day in baltimore for once this is my type of weather not too hot and not too cold
wanna go to the movies
Cody's instagram professorle picture is flawless!!
I want it.
If anyone ha it can you send it to me?
love our Filson bags and hats.
Truth is by nature selfevident.
As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.
Gandhi
i know, but dont be mad im already savanahh and rachels man
G'nite everyone God Bless
The HOPE Is a doctoram that doesn't sleep
Baking weekly boxes today.
We love that people have started to use for glutenfree weekly box delivery.
lookoutjoe daily special: .25 off any size Iced  Blended Mocha all day today!
come get a doctornk and see what we're roasting!
Ben:I feel I could spend the rest of my life w/this woman.
After I threw up in my mouth, I wished 4the helicopter to blow her off a cliff.
really??
how does this work??
i'm professorcient in French
google search for dispoable muffin tins, saw my photo and clicked.
There should be a comedy channel with his plays haha RT Javale puts me in tears when he plays
OH, that doesn't work fa ya, huh?
Kiss my fuckin asshole lips Throw down some dice in the next podcast
Huh?
Who is rated a 62?
Who is rated an 85?
Whose numbers are these?
Today it was sunny, and its called sunday.,Oscars Tonight!,ToastRedCarpet,3pm/PST
we are in Dallas on Thanksgiving?
It's not your fault I'm so much smarter than you  at least you're pretty
The feeling that you are getting ignored 
thank you.
equifunk was awesome!
Breaking my foot, not so much...
I think Black Ops 2 looks dumb.
And it will probably kill the Call of Duty series.
Thanks Kate!
Have a great one.
RT
In case you were wondering, you are blocked from buying IL lottery tickets online if you are physically out of the state.
Portland weather is temperate.
Mild winters  mild summers.
It's also relatively dark most of the year.
you already know bro.
These nuggets ain't ready!
you are the coolest person on FB ...
Ha
no kidding he's come a hell of a long way
What a day.
NO, I'm AVERAGE :
thank u for being a beacon of sanity  justice in a crazy world.
Don't know how u navigate Washington but I'm grateful u do
hey josh wanna follow my other best friend : your awesome k bye !
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders,The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world!
Slllliimmmm Shaddddyyyyyyyyyyy
I'm trying to determine how many people are gunna get hit with the pepper ball gun tomorrow downtown!?
My parents are leaving me tonight to go to the ESPN party 
Yes, you are!
It's supposed to be hot this weekend!
So excited
wow a jax almost had that...grandie man 8th homer
my dad needs to get OUT
Great job Way to set that party off with a fantastic National Anthem rendition.
Now watch the ponies run!
O love the LORD, all ye his saints: for the LORD preserveth the faithful, and plentifully rewardeth the proud doer.
Psalms 31:23.
Have...
That is because Girardi sucks!!!!
can I use leaflet.js to connect to Geoserver?
Just started playing with leaflet today and am liking it.
Yeah so just let me know when u coming out
If facebook did have a dislike button, there would be a lot of hurt feelings.
Call 1 877 UNICORN.
Lots of hot, local Unicorns who want to chat with YOU!
The guy behind you, what is HE having tattooed?
Travel hacking: abuse of system or strategic planning?
Don't ever say that...
I love you.
Whoa, sunny and steady hailing on North Cap Hill!
I'm just gonna wait until Cody says something then I can go back to screaming at my dog.
you fail for putting a dorky face on a sarcastic remark!
Lololol :
: I deserve someone fantastic like you.
I finally have you..
I won't let you slip away this time.
iloveyou 3
Portland Police say man killed in officerinvolved shooting was armed and threatened suicide.
SmartPark at 4th and Alder remains closed.
Destin for the night
Wow I need to get to Austin!
Madison could be Austin if we lowered corporate taxes!
That is tough to miss.
Good luck to your team!
Made my day XD
The thing is you have to look into whats ahead of you instead of looking back, it just hurts you more.
Phones dieing.....sign that maybe I should go to bed....
I'm aright and I highly doubt that
In my Pot of Gold today I'm sharing part of my heart, Buy 3 Ped pal foot scrubbys and get a Kiss my Blarney Stone Ped pal FREE
Mahomies soon will be trending and Austin will see it:
Crying /3 I miss my dad soo much.
Wish he could be here to see me grow up, I hope I've made him proud...
Lol Uh that wasnt me but thanksRT : So glad I got to see tonight!!He gives the BEST lift meoffmyfeet hugs ;
wow!
285 for Crawford?
Can he play 5technique in 34?
Really like his game, but I thought he'd be 15 lbs lighter.
No.
Most come over as 16 year olds from third world countries.
Most US guys who go play in Japan don't speak Japanese.
We'll be giving away a pair of Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4!
RT this for a chance to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs the Cardinals!
i wish would wake up n pay attention to this project
Congrats on your baby : can't even tell you are preg on y r
i am just not jayz
I hate the shit you do, but I still text you back and say I miss you too.
YOU SAID YOUD FOLLOW ME.
YOU LIED.
ALL THESE LIES.
I CANT HANDLE IT
I guess I should get off tournament tomorrow.
Wish me luck!!:
They want that mama love!
xD
RT : RT if you agree  2 bring about institutional change, change must be institutionalized
just went to the gas station.
Sticker shock!
Check out www.hedonismanniversary.com
Virginia: Proof that first is the best.
Ya done good, John Smith.
missed you at world series club last night!!
Wanted 2 meet u in the flesh n get a signed ball for my nephew
10 off oversized printing orders till Friday at 3 PM pacific time!
Mention twitter to receive 10 off your entire order.
Jesus.
I bet you know a lot of douchebags.
oh me
RESPECT!
CHEK US OUT...
Where's the eraser at?!
Lowes told me they don't ad on his show.
Do local or general clear channel advertisers slip in and are on his show?
thinks mondays feel like hangovers...
hey do you remember the choreography to booty work?
The AL is much tougher these days.
I can't wait to see how the additional wild card plays into consideration.
Gabbie he looked amazing!!!!!
that ain't me.
I'm rocking navy blue with maroon
or send 'm my way so i can throw a pool party this summer and bobbi can work the bill out.
cool?
cool.
Dont walk when the sign says not to and dont talk when black folks about too the roots black thought
One charge doctorpped against man who stripped naked at PDX to protest TSA.
John Brennan now faces one count Indecent Exposure.
JPalfrey on problems DPLA is solving: coordinating collective action; supporting users  use; mass digitization
Deligful Pastries has added new menu items!
Check out their new Chocolate Jam Bars and Cayenne Brownies.
Hi my internet is off for a while so this may be my only tweet for a while peace peoples, love very day,on on and on and on blah blah bye!
RT I love girls
SALE SALE SALE come in and get 20 off red tagged clothes and shoes tomorrow only here at City Gear
Dear broken hearted girls, hold your head up high and your middle finger higher.
Let him know what hes missing
Holy cow was that a Chris Carter sighting?
He is an enormous dude, looked like he used his bulk on that play
Cliffy told me he warned you about that!
Everything has come in the mail except the main things I need.
I am so disappointed.
Im trying to guess how long from Texas to Oakland.
Up and ready to go!
We didn't offend the wakeup guy...
beautiful as hell
I dont feel like moving Saturday.
I've only been in this house for 8 months, how did I accumulate all this stuff ha.
I am getting major jet ski fever.
Gotta get on the lake ASAP
Gym with bro.
bye titi oh tally have ur number so I'll txt u
Just got home from dinner at Miller Park.
Great food, awesome view and amazing service!
Other than Cribs and Brooks  not many other players got stickers.
heh heh.
Thanks, Colleen.
Noticed your location changed...
spent a few years up in the north country at doctorm myself.
Good luck!
pretty good how is atl peaches going
I get distracted so easily!
Saw The Town.
I'd recommend it to Bostonians.
Great casting ofJeremy Renner.
He was scary and i felt like I'd seen him before in Charlestown
Off to Wushu training.
/flexes muscles
thank you love!
I really appreciate it : I hope you do too
That one had me DYING of laughter.
We should have watched together!
he's singing to me on the phone.
shut da' fuck up.
i just laughed uncontrollably
What can we do about this: Give everyone an ORCID ID and tell them to start using it
Haha.
Yes.
RT .
Does that mean he could just like, show up at my house?
thank you :
jajaja.
Quisiera guey...
Pero no!
Im bout to start dancing in a min...I can't sleep  I thought hennessey would help
Omg hawks lost again in OT...
:'
Most people need the spotlight to feel notice or important.
However, true light illuminates from within.
Lamest term ever: Tweeps.
Feel free to unfollow me if I ever use it.
How about a snacket?
got to do all this work :
Back at work after 4 days in St.
Louis.
My boss is back after her maternity leave.
There is banana crepe cake.
All is well.
my job is allowing you to wear jeans to work now as long as you donate 5 per day to help raise awareness for autism, smart
Who's already seen Avengers?
Who is excited to death TO see it?
cool,cool
5 bloody mary's 4 mimosa for morning specials.
kitchen open
Me and brenden both think we just saw something in my house.
Dis be creepy
After a year of hard work  playffnow.com is up and running.
The ultimate Football Party Game  Give us a try!
Are the Inkdoctorer wallpapers from a local guy?
Lots of Reds.
14th Colony Art Exhibit To Open at Noble Horizons  Litchfield County Times
At the pharmacy, I said 50 condoms please.
2 girls behind me started to giggle.
I turned and looked them in the eyes and said Make it 52.
Most writers regard truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use.
Mark Twain
A Walk to Remember is on TV.
I may have to watch chick flicks all night.
lol those shoes cray.
Try em on at least first.
i would never forget!!
have fun for me!
Me and PauPau are gonna have fun here on twitter ;
Reminder: The Rub will NOT be happening tomorrow night.
The next one will be on March 16th at The Bell House.
Please RT
Gracias, my friend!
Very excited.
If he does, can you think of a less shitty nickname for him?
Can Curious George do it two nights in a row for Brewers?
ThinnestSportsBooks Number of games Jagr hasn't pulled a Groin i thought the library promised not to sale this!?
you guys are crazy ...
Shane I gots ya monet
Sounds interesting!
Our codirector just presented on the same topic at
want work
RT : New blog post by iOS Tutorial Team member : How to Make a TurnBased Strategy Game  Part 1...
There are certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
bc I'm searching for as many people as possible
Cause in this moment I feel so alive
I have a very good source that CJ is on for 4 more!
Maybe that is out but I have very good source.
Awesome, .
It's t  16 days for my son and me.
We're doing our 1st GrandCanyon R2R.
Where are you headed?
obvious tourist stops of broadway/2nd are musts.
Midtown is a good area as well.
We'll be out  about Sun if u want to say hi!
Goodmorning beautiful3 I love you
This Ryan dude on the Pauly D project is a DOUCHEBAG
This Saturday is Cinco de Mayo.
Cinco de Mayo commemorates the victory of the Mexican army over France in 1862.
Celebrate Safely!!
Ceramic Chicken.
parents flying for over 20hrs missed flight from DFW to AUS.
speak little English.
Now on standby on AA1824.
Can u help?
Someone come over tonight.
Rad shows coming up soon, in the meantime Check out our purevolume and soundcloud pages!
Same here Barb.
Always great to see you.
Have you ever tried riding your bike up a mountain?
I encourage you to challenge yourself!
Try Blood Mountain the ride back down is awesome!
Welcome 1Ls and welcome back returning students!
Gewirtz residents: each apt now has a composting bin for leftover foodstuffs.
RT : Facebook buys Gowalla they deserve each other
princess of promotions I see, how so ;
Man I want to go to McDonald's
i no ut we wee siize i no its color an evertthsg P
Hunger is an inner city issue?
USDA says 2.8MM rural households are food insecure.
JOIN THE FIGHT!
seeing breaking dawn !
what do u think about what's going on in Oakland?
I'm actually here through the weekend, so I'm around.
: You?
2012 Crenshaw combo guard 6'1 Brandon Baker is the real deal he is a MM
I'll get right on it.
Sounds like a great way to start my day.

There is a MAJOR difference between Happy/Happiness and Joy.
Being Happy or Happiness is Man Made and can be taking away by Man.
I would NEVER.
just livin my life, one awkward interaction after another
We're at Plush on Thurs.
March 22...some see us with Sheila Shahpari's band, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher.
yeah baby!
Best cab ride from Dupont to Woodley.
Like me, my cab doctorver proclaims I believe in science.
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy.
Lows in the upper 50s.
I have yet to mail in my DC voter registration, however I've found the time to vote Pavel for NHL13 cover about 100 times.
Good turn out at tonight's pastor's coffee.
Space still open in my Disciples Path group starting next Thursday.
Contact me if interested.
they got the new jordan cements at footlocker for 70 in boys  i like those better than the grey ones!
lol dammit
Victory is with in EVERYONES reach, some just have longer arms.hm!
Of course, baby.
But I need you in bed.
Easter Egg Hunt at this morning at 10am.
75th and Oaklandon Rd.
Community event.
Bring your kids!
My best friend comes home in 12 days!!!!
AH soexcited love you!
Im a Hot Tamale , you just a Lemon Head lmfaoo
congrats!
i usually get the online version emailed to me, but haven't gotten it yet.
i'll keep an eye out for it :
It not foxs news cnn is a joke they are not real news
The real Yankees' No.
42 steals that base cleanly.
i need a pint glass like that one that gives me kitty cat whiskers!

glad it was a success.
sorry i couldn't make it ;
Glad I just saw a slowmo shot of Angelina's bony knee.
I think she might crack in half if she walks the wrong way on it.
Too old to go out every night.
not enough sleep  too much coffee  not enough sleep  too much coffee.
I'm the real domination.
Done.
Sorry.
introducing his session on Open Data
New vids up on Delofted.
Even some sick rickie fowler and cam tringale footage.
Check 'em.
we getting tipsy with
Did u missed one of our shows?
Or Is there a show u just have to hear again?
Well no worries ForTheLoveOfMusicATL is posting shows today!!
there goes my friday .
Thanks for the help!
just now it'd be 100
Finished fiftyshadesofgrey.
Thoughts: Poorly written BDSM version of Twilight, where a clumsy girl falls for a hot weirdo.
Don't read it.
I've found a work around  I can place jpgs which will work in most cases  just a bit disappointed in Adobe's response I guess
South Africa is where I come from
Twitter is crazy
SO be REAL cool and Follow us :
OMG thankyou soo much u made my week :
sorry to hear about the pizza
good of you to comment that the tebow/linsanity/vanity fair story is nonnews.
On your nationally broadcasted show.
Thanks for sharing :!
That doesnt count!
:
SOMEDAY by: bieber
Also.
RT : I might also say  it takes courage to care, and it's worth it.
Haha that's comedy.
RT : Reggie Miller called Paul Pierce's big shot a wide open, contested three.
hasn't lost a step Loving the new tunes bringin the noise and with an 8string bass!?
On lastword now:
Good luck today !
Taco run 
Blazic Rebula is just 12 abv!
A perfect summer sipper!
Lemon, lime, blazing acidity.
Now wheres that sushi!?
Just walked by a mirror
I might bring one pair but I just want to buy some shit, and nah I rather go with you and spot you 
iam following them now can you please DM justin please
ReplaceSongTitlesWithTampon ..
tampons in paris .
ahahah haallaa.
and i shall not ever do that.
i have a feeling that if we walked near a corn field we could take out an entire crop.
Some problems are solved most creatively when you embrace the problem.
INDEED MEE LADY ..
As onto you a bestow a great glorious venture for towards the end of light..
I bid you ado!!
New Superintendent of Catholic Schools for the Arch.
of Miami  new opportunities for improved food allergy policies in these schools!
LOL I did the same thing w/ that horror movie we got.
Cept it was only 4 days..
I can't wait until and start scoring again!
TO TOWN QueremosNegriniconda U
RAYS losing some momentum but hype is still on!
how you mate?...
ill jump on SH twitter wagon haha!
/doctoreyesummit : The doctor Eye Summits mission is to facilitate this kind of innovation by fostering knowledge
low key Carlton use to kill that shit
I was just asking
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
Summer break...
Finally!
It's FollowFriday!
as always mamamafia, too!
I know she needs me, but her paternal family has refused to let me contact her for 3 years!
I hav joint LEGAL, physical c
thanks for posting.
i can't find my headphones..
if I don't find them by tomorrow morning  I'm stuck listening to my dads music the entire ride imma freak out.
I think I'm due for a little nap time!
Whats up people
There are things that governments and private sectors can't or won't do.
That's why is so critical to our community.
I think that yogurt needs to go in the fridge...
Off work early, let's do something!
Just ROCKED my LAST final exam of the year!
:D I'm officially a sophomore in college!
Dude I just wanna smoke and she's stallinG..
NotCool
Hi, Rachel.
I just wanted to say I love keeping up with you on here.
Keep it up!
Love Your Site!
I want to be able to say academy award winning film Real Steel
ifyouknowmewell you'd know that I hate it when people are late and I can't get through anything when I don't talk about.
describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle gold member.
Monday is the Day of the Moon, a Tarot card of facing fears in the journey ahead.
Whats in your cards?
www.shindigtarot.com
Yes my last tweet was about
Isley Brothers some of the Best House Music....
im heading back to Hampden after  on my bike :
YouKnowYouAHoeWhen you have to see your OBGYN every other week for infections....yuck that's a nasty Hoe.
This rain is not motivating me to do anything
69Factsaboutme 27.
I LOVE cold weather.
More disappointing than Chicha news.
mex MT : FMF announce Carlos Vela asked to not be called up for either the Olympics or WCQ.
Today's a great day for deals!
;
Who is worth following?
Thanks, in advance, for the FF assistance.
maybe you know...it cost a tad bit too much?
;
Oh the doctorwbacks of being a distance student!
RT : The Museum Studies building is buzzing..
No matter how small a star appears in the sky from far away, never underestimate how brightly it can shine.
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 82
happy to help!
Humby you ain't nothin' but a whack gumby, gonna knock you off your pedestal like that cracked up humpty dumpty
Well occupation continues until there is no more terrorism.
Choose peace or we continue.
Israelis always wanted peace.
If ur free in Atlanta  7p were having a special event with from Q100's 915 peachtree st ATL.
VIP all day!
So is behind all those suicidal teddy bears hanging all over my neighborhood?
GREAT.
Taking a good nap after my morning class, then hitting the music theory books hard.
Snow Answer: Labor costs a company a lot more because of healthcare law.
Insuring your employees is expensive.
It will be resolved
is swamped.
I wish!
Maybe when Allstar Weekend releases summer tour dates!
I'm sure you'll be seeing them too ;
You already did and you picked Nightmares in Red, White and Blue, remember?
I like the part that says pooper troopers in the piggy care guide
She's still in Cincy.
It's the new black version of the beastie boys
RT  :once a cheater, always a cheater.
Mobbed is my new favorite show3;
Jennifer Wilson on thinking beyond the frame: do you need to make a film or do you need to tell a story?
1 in 4 US childoctorn go hungry everyday.
ExactTarget  you can help!
Purchase your coworkers baked goods from 102 TODAY!
: Spotted my tweetheart cc: but I bet he just came to see bromance where's ?
ThingsMyExSaid I don't even talk to her anymore.
Should I order a Shirt or a poster from your merch?
What do you think?
RT : Emotional moments like Octavia's speech are what the oscars are made of.
Don't rush her off!
Sounds like its very possible, thanks everyone makes things easier.
The things you never try with a single Apple ID.
Woohoo!
RT Unwined, here we come!
TOAST, you're next!
The one and only just threw some stupid tasteful electric guitars on Easier As Us.
Almost there, folks!
do you know anyone that does cleaning/preservation of 40 year old textiles with multicolored hand embroidery?
cc:
you know the media will play class warfare and convince them it's the GOPs fault...
Life really is about how many hits you can take and how well you recover from them.
I doctorpped my phone on the ground last night and the battery fell out.
I have yet to put it back in !
Re: Cave of Forgotten doctorams  You had me, Werner, right up to the albino crocodiles.
so god seeing you today
A relationship without trust is like having a phone with no service.
And what do you do with a phone with no service?
You play games.
Well, yes, still unproven.
Anyone can amass an support for their biases.
Where's the data?
Clubs R over rated...
This shit is wack
did you go to Camarillo High?
Class of '93?
Overheard after rehearsal: it's too bad Liszt didn't live to write for the movies.
Some of that sounded like score to Vertigo.
moves in very soon, and is extremely excited to start practicing with the team.
Wow!
Love Victoria Sambunaris landscape photos at Yancy Richardson booth.
wo0t!
app for my iPad 2 is up and running!
Just needed new MyServices acct since i moved recently.
Hi Sarah!
Just replied with info, but let me know if you have any other questions.
We'll make sure you get what you need!
you should've come with us!
well, inviting me would've been nice...
: Late night showing of enter the doctorgon I love it was watching that too!
HighYA!!!
sweat doctorams
Hey Sweetie.
You like Johnny Depp?
TIM burton?
Burton's Dark Shadows comes out May 11th, while we are visiting.
Wanna go?
Thank you for everything as well!
Looks like you're getting great results, congratulations!
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
Adlai Stevenson
With the Polar Bear crazies
would it kill you to hit Play?
Let the record show that 50 mins ago I said that I wished that Toonami would show OutlawStar.
That's happening.
What a night.
Everyone ain't the 1, she needs to stop falling so hard!
sla2010 what is status of wifi at conference center
Curled hair tomorrow :
you welcome
That was all very neocon.
Except for Ron Paul of course.
Interested to see the Tea Party reaction.
The truth is....life is so, so good.
Gold team starting to pull away with 2:30 left.
no you walk away
Lol!
RT : RT : Happy Mother's Day to my mom who's not on twitter.
Some1 asked me last nite...
if I was living or existing??
How annoying is it thAT I'M JUST EXISTING THESE DAYS
American panini for lunch
Do we need to really hide the learning in play?
Does education have that bad of a rep?
In a court of law, you are innocent till proven guilty; in a relationship, you are guilty until proven innocent
did you ever play baseball growing up?
she crying....0o
I know more now.
Thanks.
Electroconvulsive and Neuromodulation Therapies 8211 Conrad M.
Swartz MD download, read, buy online error: either unsupported url or the url
Oh how I love
In Life...
The Journey Is The Reward..
Yea I remember it well, went to school there, 1st,2nd,3rd grade.
However Franklin High School did burn in the fifties...
nice to meet you too!
Hope you got your car okay.
Librarians rule.
Come on USF Bulls The state of Florida needs to dominate!
LoveMarch Madness
Save some for the Vegas guests.
Where is everyone watchin' the Sounders kill Salt Lake?
Home From Cheer!
Just Ate Sonic...
Yumm..
Shouldn't Have Eatin It,, It's Too Late:/ Ohh Well!
I know you say you love me girl, problem is you prolly tell that shit to everybody.
So we hear you talking boo but we just dont believe you.
american pie, tball, bluehole, softball, lookout, and baking cookies.
That moment when your coach makes a Charlie Sheen reference.
In just one week, i will be in my city.
i want some FONDUE !
OMG !!!!
D: i wannnnnnnttt sommmeeee .
Last day of mladla12.
Enjoyed hearing about everyone's connections with UT!
GOD IS AWESOME!
Had an amazing show/night in AC.
Except for losing all of our indiegogo money at the casinos.
Sunsets like this are a small but clear reminder that God still loves to give me nice things, even when I've been a total bitch to him.
Keep it up Frat RT : At GP City hall working for the people
always up there.
Summer is just a RR period.
It's a huge problem!
Our PlayThru solution increases form submissions by 40 over recaptainha.
: What would you do for a Klondike bar ?
Lmaolet's hear?
A beautiful day in the 'burgh!
anybody seen tha maniac short film?
My first time here.
I enjoyed it.
Good night all.
RT : RT : Stop being deceived to have a computer and webcam to earn Handsomely.
Sign up and earn 10,000 enjoying...
Sure thing : Thanks for the follow!
Either way, congrats Robbie RT : Just finished my last final...not sure if I'm happy or really sad haha
no its not lol
Get ready for the hologram tour.
Michael Jackson will be next.
If theres  wait and see.
As soon as his estate sees Pac at Coachella.
define very old.
like 90?
you are only as old as you act or feel.
one of the two.
which ever fits for the day not sure.
ha ha
Has anyone else encountered childoctorn with CP who are severely delayed in reading suddenly picking it up easier and do you know why?
breakfast for dinner.
yup yup
SENIOR WEEK TICKETS 7:30 10pm, get a seniortshirt and get access to a exclusive senior event next thursday at riverstation!
details soon!
Would you like a Roguestyle portrait?
Like Rogue Scholar on Facebook before 4/30  receive one gratis
I have a lot of friends who are real show stoppers.
I never let them come to my shows.
This song, I can't tell whether to hate it or love it.
I am fully armed with Claritan, Mucinex, VapoRub, Kleenex, and a sick day.
Allergy attack: I am coming for you.

Congrats!
shouldn't that be throttles challenged?
This is a 4 game series too!
GREAT!
Said nobody.
and you have sinned, he has not so who should be afraid?
Living the life that I love!
Anyone seen a good movie lately?any recommendations?
Wowthat should definitely be a good learning experience!
So has anyone noticed that Louis looked gay every performance on the x factor?
ahww, thank you!
this girl voice is so annoying
better than the alternative!
Dope!
That's all I gotta say
watch your mouth
Maybe Kim can finally get that date with Gallinari now.
repulse?
you repulse easy!
How the fuck do u expect me to get to kendale in this weather
Day number 9 of work in a row, leggo
HHD have a great day!
I know, I can't get enough!
Happy mothers day to all the hard working moms out there!!
wow...i see that!
lol...cool logo!
The best thing about commuting again is absolutely getting to listen to NPR during the doctorve.
Made all my little brothers and sisters dinner and desert tonight.
Love them so much!
Even though they doctorve me up a wall 
Six days left to Out Write Janet!
Better call it a mite
What up Friday
How about Easter Basket?
Mix of grass, lily, and vanilla or sugar cookie scent.
What if vin comes out of fucking nowhere
The feeling is mutual.
I love me some Denise Scatena!
Best partner eva!
: is certainly the yin to my yang
Visit the Riverview Women's Boutique on April 24 between 10:00 am and 2:00 pm for an open house featuring the newest post mastectomy.
i cant with you!!!!!
that shit is a hot ass fucknnnnnnnnnnnnn mess!
King Kong.
Sent you an email with last minute questions and I am off to bed.
Can't wait to hear all about it and see your awesome coverage!
It's a fact nobody ever tells the whole truth
Upload your TSPARMY pictures now to be featured as the band's new professorle picture!
c:
move on
Yes it sure is!!
Hope your toes are staying warm.
:
Finally got a chance to pause and get caught up on sporting news.
Looks like the Lakers made some power moves today.
So excited for the up coming season of MadMen!!!!!
it was about time.
we should find time to hook up the office one morning
you're very welcome!
Thanks for sharing more widely.
My preso is by NO means comprehensive, just a jumpingoff point!
Aw I just read this, my phone died lol.
Hope work is ok.
We hope you like us!
: Let us know how we can help!
RT: Giving a try today..
There are a few more spaces open for reservations at our Valentine's Day event!
Call now to get yours 3173277580
.
and Do not sleep.
They only wait.
The Phylicia Barnes case broke at 11:30 p.m.
last night  they're still working.
Hi Steve, how long have you been playing?
Do you play with a band or etc??
and he keeps a smile on my face all day long3
I don't like Cox either.
Doesn't build me up like others.
Had an amazing weekend packed full of gymnastics and swimming classes, cartoons and long naps!
I hate winter.
This too early spring is making me sweaty.
Ive really enjoyed my time being back home in Mississippi felt good to get away from ATL, my job and the stage for a couple days
My mentions are dead so ima go listen to horrible covers oF Boyfriend Le cries i feel so alone!!
D:
Jina, I think you have pinkeyeme Dammit, did somebody fart on my pillow?
Jina
I don't wanna go to school yes it's true I don't wanna see your teachers face again!
Wise words of
Planning on firing up the bbq, cue the Tornado sirens!
: Oh yes!
I know.
I sort of realized that the next three weekends were all jampacked...
so three tweets worth.
I'm on twitter, so if you have one, you can tweet me!
Fallow me ;
i am gonna be 20 in June
That joke was so fucking weak.
Get off my nuts.
Off that list, the only two I read in HS were Gatsby and Lord of the Flies.
Read some others in college, though.
You have gotten me through many days!U do it right on time so thk u for ya love: hey you!
thanks for all ya love :
wow...
you're nice to your mom.
It's Sarah Phillips, I don't believe you.
definitely having fun with it!
Getting things organized for the new year, good to hear from you!
Clean Energy Coalition39;s impact is starting to ripple across Michigan
One of my favorite restaurants!
Thanks for the
Shit man if your hollering to God via twitter don't you think he at least deserves a hashtag how else is he gonna know?
Jordy Nelson and Victor Cruz not going to Hawaii?

You Think I Love You..
Do I Look Like Cupid ?
lols
The dates are all booked!
Candyland here we come!
Loving how my twitter fam is developing!
HR/Training/selfesteem/pageantry/nonprofessorts/ close friends/spirituality....my eclectic life ROCKS
Thought you would be interested to see the VIDEO of the INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE WE HELD in Jerusalem
haha awe poor little you  lol
Thanks Courtney!!!
You're very sweet for saying that!
: RT : RETWEET if you watch football  watch it?
I play it lmao
Bitch Im Rollin
good requests
AJ is kinda cute.
What?
We have a new episode?
Peeps should refresh their iTunes feeds?
that page is more interesting viewed on a phone
Hmm, how about some persimmon, kimchi, or gochujang?
I must be in a Korean food mood.
nope a lil work playlist
Wait, what happened?
Strawberry Swing  Frank Ocean 3
French doctornks group Belvédère has reported a 2011 turnover of EUR910.7m, an increase of 5.8 on the previous year.
wow, paranoid much?
;
thanks I got spell check
back up plan...
going to a hookah bar with my cousin!
im so excited to hang out with her.
we're so much alike...its scary.
Electrolux Earnings Down in 2011, Hopeful for 2012
Bucks beat the Knicks today.
And in case you were curious, the Polish won today's sausage race at today's Brewers' spring training game.
I would have opened my mouth and ate it:
I'M from Russia and if you think it's good to live in here, that's bullshit, if you read that in a book, that's complete baloney.
Shorter, though, doesn't mean less responsibility, less insight or less power.
It means less fluff and less hiding.
Seth Godin //Sums me up
ICantDateYouIf your past boyfriends where found face down in a creek
Wonderful!!!
Thank you!!!
Yes  if you do come to the area would love to host you!
Will also check in with thxs!
Hey our buddy got your NPR interview posted up online.
Good stuff!
So what if Reese Witherspoon got hit by a car while jogging.
She was in an UNMARKED crosswalk and the OTHER PERSON was cited.
What gives?
I'd laugh because I liked mine too.
Didn't want to give it up.
Plzzz follow me
Ur welcome.Did it for the fans.
thank you so much for asking to about the new album!
Hope she come back son!
I can't even laugh right now this shit is depressing 
Colton Dixon: Please win American Idol.
3 I fucking love you
o m g ilysm
just had a huge freak out and crying session over the phone with my Dad about school.
actually scratch crying...
SOBBING.
that was our last shafer date of the semester :'  with Alex Schools
spit comes from his asshole!?
in America we use Gray.
In the united kingdom they use Grey.
Jarod and savannah r honestly the cutest couple 333
Bed bed bed bed bed bed bed
How was it?!
missed the double at , but looking forward to trying Cuvee coffee.
Where can I get it?
Top rookie goalie in the WHL?
The stats are unanimous  California's own
A new Clevelandbased clothing company promoting Cleveland pride, please check us out!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
I watched the Mets for the first time on TV this season.
The game ended 66 after 10 innings
When someone close to u dies...
move seats
RT : Q3.
Do todays youth have a right to feel entitled to anything?
If so, what?
Mercy Academy's Whitney Hartlage has been named to the Kentucky High School Girls' Junior AllStar Basketball White Team.
come and visit tonight!
not if I beat you to it
Thanks for asking!
I'll be out of town, but maybe next time!!
listening to jigar da tukda on repeat!
the best part of the movie?
easily playing the delhi girl!
Finished a radio interview Mix103.1 Anchorage for ARaisinInTheSun  thanks
Woke up at 7am on Saturday for work.
Going to sleep at 7:30am Sunday.
Cinco de Mayo: 1 Pat: 0
Finally catching up on idol, watching the boys perform!
I love everything about this.
You rock Lisa!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
Love you Peggy : hehehe
hiyakutake was big in the news when I was a kid.
Wasn't it really close and amateurdiscovered?
Ill go with u to broadway, but u gotta come back up here and come up to Supperclub wit me
About to go to school late but who care
Likewise : RT : we look forward to seeing you guys there again soon :
It's supposedly always James and Wade.
No bosh
shoutout to all of your Texas fans love you Mikey we all wish u a happy birthday and your present is having us fans around
Yeah man.
Send Oceania my love.
Boise's Loss of you 2 is WAND's huge gain!
Tim Tebow's biggest vice: vanilla ice cream.
Deserves his own Ben  Jerry's flavor: Plain White Tebow.
spinning my wheels here...
need some inspiration
So accurate.
Like we got them to have a concert here.
If we can do that, we can surely get them here for a signing : x
bro I got I got a good for y'all lmao
On fan appreciation night guard tells crowd Everytime you guys come out here you make a difference
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again
I didn't plan it sorry
we got some guys coming back.
Nobody scares me.
Every year is a battle.
there needs to be an eye rolling emoji.
I would use it all the time
You have to pay for BBC somehow!
: When I lived there, I got it waived as a diplomatic employee
Mind bothering, can't even sleep, ugh
Well, at least we got ONE back.
Well today we a got a surprise gig....We are playing the Atlanta music room at 9!
Come check us out!
Breaking news..
three SD pet stores raided..
dozens of animals taken by authorities..
live report coming at the top of News8
US Ambassador Ken Merten, Rep.
Frederica Wilson  Sen.
Bill Nelson will update efforts to help Haiti  4pm
trucker hats have hit the streets!
online store coming soon, so hit us up to order!
14 each or 2 for 20 with FREE shipping in the
Geting some OT.
Had to come to work early to cover somebody.
What was I thinkin tho!
Parentals in town...but let's chat.
Scott wants to see you soon.
I'm a strong person, but every now  then I'd like someone to take my hand and say everything will be alright
feel the same way today
LOVE IT.
Really, really cool.
Totally different POV.
RT : One of my commenters suggest starting a New York Public School Teachers Fantasy League.
subway sucks!!!!!
Give me Jimmy
Snow here has melted.
All fogged up over here.
Get out and do something!
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Edmund Burke
Good morning all!
Anyone else addicted to streaming the Wonder Years on Netflix?
This show has such a great soundtrack.
Tennis at 2pm
Re: Also, this show is like my life in NYC if I were slightly less attractive, wittier and got 1,100 a month from my parents.
WE GIVE PROPS TO CLEVER NAMES HERE  THANKS BEARGOGGLESON!!!!!!
The ones that makes the snacks!
This bucks game...
.: Analytics have always told us the what.
Social now tell us the why.
It has zero to do w the players.
The ownership doesn't care about winning.
All about .
I love the O's.
Hate how they're run.
omg cant believe u took a pic.
thanx for the great leads.
Heard speak at ALA!
She's stellar :
omg that picture for your thumb clip thing is so cute, follow me If youu like: Avan and Victoria make a cute couple
Betty  Sally, gonna be a good one!
Congrats to 3rd  4th tonight at
which one
Maybe it's a conspiracy .
.
.
It's a beautiful day in sunny San Diego, right?
And will you guys be hanging with fans at any malls or radio stations today?
Hi!
Will you be playing the Lakers game tonight and will there be sound?
Love it!
Thanks for sharing.
I've been looking for the perfect iPhone case  I think I just found it.
Snap outta this funk collllll 
A different language is a different vision of life.
Federico Fellini
Being with you  talking on the phone with you  texting you
3 things that are guaranteed in life: 1.
LIFE 2.
DEATH 3.
TAXES
Go see the 15th anniversary show, Dance Your Story, this weekend!
Saturday at 4:30 and Sunday at 1:00 in the McCann gym!
Flipping between NBA AllStar and Oscar Red Carpet!
Too much on TV!
This looks great.
Can't wait!
doctorving home from the dungeon on the GW Parkway was beautiful.
The first leaves of autumn were falling in the wind.
Don't get me wrong I want the joint 2 succeed  get exposure...just not my cup of tea, but I'm only about 1/2 way thru it
The Blast has opened each quarter with an early goal for a 62 lead.
Sleepy but can't fall asleep.
I love the layered flavors...the way the hazelnut hits you long after the chocolate.
Well, there goes your prediction , about to be Stanley Cup champs!!!!!
Hi Chris, I'm the staffer who met you last night at ThirstDC.
Loved your sea star talk!
69Factsaboutme 9.
I support To Write Love On Her Arms.
we are excited New Town Builder is using the beetle kill pine!
Need to learn how to multi task.
I'm either all over Twitter, or all over Facebook.
More importantly, I should be writing.
:/
I Hate My Face
Use LinkedIn Answers to network and earn expertise in your field
I dont know if its a good omen or not,but in the convoy to location our director got stopped by state patrol.Verbal warning.Luck be with us!
Hey Falala is so sick : lovin it bro : sweet job bro
and yes there was a dash of sarcasm in last post.
rofl
I would have Louis' cousin's wife's dog's mother's bestfriend's sisterinlaw's hamster to follow me and i would cry.
Shit Son Prolly Get A Bottle Fucked Up Friday.
.
.
For Me
I thought it was just open to the public.
?
Hey Bryan!
Good to hear from you..
here's your follow!!
and this makes me ill
lol!
I remember that night like it was yesterday!
Yes, you are right Lori Goldstein, skinny is not over rated.
Have fun and recruit peeps for eaTweetup!
RT : The Ultimate Social Networking event!...
uhmmm I sorta missed you today in practice, sorta.
smartphone users are leading mobile ecommerce growth; 63 more likely to shop and buy than other mobile users
whatever, this is STUPID /:
Lady is ticketing residents trying to get spots on front of their homes 3 mins before it is legal.
its one of their slower songs, but idk it just shows alot of what they can do
Be sure to archive ALL of your events!
You never know when something will go viral.
Great advice from Paul Holdengraber.
You still wanting to do something with sponsoring??
I don't know, I still remember when Jeremy Renner was doing his stretches, getting ready to jump in that turbine thing!
A smile is a powerful weapon; you can even break ice with it And we all smile in the same language.
Thank you for support doctorRiba's Health Club with your kind donation!
We really appreciate all of your help with our upcoming event
I dont like Justin Bieber!
Jacob Latimore is way better to me!
And he is a Killer Dancer
It's Saturday.
My behbeh did not get the memo.
Surman  inplay2012  Hackasaurus from Mozilla is xray goggles for the Web  see through to HTML elements and remix thrm
my hips are so stretched right now.
dang
thanks, Brian!
Sugar!!
Lmao!!
Fight fight fight!!
Ha!!
you have inspired every musical nerve in my body.
Playground is exactly what I've been looking for.
Thanks for being you David
Watching A Walk to Remember.
Could this movie be more depressing?
And why didn't I doctornk first?
I need to be eating a lot more than I am.
I'm not sure how I'm even keeping up 200 pounds.
I wish I was in that class with y'all so badly.
Just got one of those scam emails asking for verification of email account info from WED MASTER TEAM.
WED MASTER TEAM?
same here it's like a doctorg cant' get enough
Agree.
To me additions look best when they mimic style and proportion of the original building.
Webinar will be interesting!
: Love the innovation in music videos brings  presenting at nyvm.
Awesome AR discovery angle too.
FridayReads is TENDER.
I need a yard.
they just don't have that spark
My chats for the next hour will be for
After losing the lottery a guy said he won by supporting education.
I said u r a better man than me  he said thanks that's very flattening.
good morning tweethearts :
MERRY CHRISTMASLET IT SNOW!
well I mean its all true.
I have a 105 in this class.
And I'm the only one with an A.
Out of 24 kids....
We might as well avoid El Masons all together and just get doctornk instead
U have been a inspiration and motivation.
Ur voice is abs.
Amazing and luv ur personality..
Skies the limit for u..I kno u will get signed!
New music coming soon and send some followers this way the may want to hear this
Why thanks!
RT : I have admired a background of your page
There were some hot girls there last night
Well, looks my Hawke swings both ways.
Giggity.
I may.
My Klout score just went up  I seem to be an expert in Tennis, a game I don't play or watch.
Hm....
But I think the last few weeks of school are gonna be like this cause everyone is so anxious for school to end already.
;p
Isn't that a nono in journalism?
Paying for stories?
Or is that only paying for interviews?
Back at Atlanta
Leaving now.
It was about you lol
When she weighs more than you
they all do
yea bra!
Publius SyrusA bold onset is half the battle
Stop playing nickelback for the love of god NBC
Thank you!
I confronted a coworker on rudeness once she stopped talking to me.
I did this 
Have you ever been Bowling at Jillian's?!
We'd love to have you come by sometime!
Via  Wells Fargo has won an auction for Bank of Ireland's U.S.
commercial real estate loan portfolio.
Sources claim th
Why do I bother reading the news?
I secretly hope the Mayans are right about 2012.
I gotta go the Arts Fest first and get an indian taco.
Want me to hit you up when I head down there?
Probably be about 2 or so.
very jealous..I just found out they have one in the ville which is pretty dangerous
their hot
What happened to Catherine Bell's baby on armywives?
ESPN's 2.6 overnight for USFrance is WAY up over last Wednesday's game against Sweden.
I was making dinner tonight and realized I am finally through with homework.
Except, you know, for that dissertation chapter.
Which mouth is .
speaking out of today?
today is gunna suck
That moment when you give the right answer but the teacher doesnt hear you, so some bitch steals it from you  the teacher praises them.
Nuggets crowd doing it's job in the 1st half.
So are the point guards: 22 buckets, 15 assists
The Invention of Penis
The party don't stop till I walk in.
oh you need to send me that site!
:
That nap was essential 
Will you be in Bologna in June?
I'll be in Italy shortly and it would be great to meet up with you
Such symmetry.
OMG Froster's Home for Imaginary Friends is on!!!!
I never watch Cartoon Network but this is my show!!!
Winter Ball is coming up.
And I have no date.
Thanks for the follow , , , , and !
Looking forward to keeping in touch...
jimmy john's unwch you are my favorite.
especially when you have bacon.
and avocado :
Can anyone tell me if Aaliyah was in the video u don't have to call by usher?
cause' in the video there was someone looked like her.
The best people in life won't ask you to change but will encourage you to grow every step of the way.
Nights like this make it hard to be a BrewCrew fan...
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by its breathtaking moments
If any of you have the 'Twitter', you can 'follow' me on it.
fuck what everybody thinks
Times like this is when I need someone like too help me with all these girls hair and makeup for prom
House cleaning and rewatching
My 5yearold says to me: Dad what movie is that billboard for?
I say it's called Cabin in the Woods and it's a horror movie.
yeah I think we fixed it lol.
Glad to hear everyone made it to spring training safely.
can't wait for the season to start already.
Numerous Internet researchers have done the same thing as Google did with streetview; difference in degree or kind?
Uncertainty will always be part of the taking charge process
good morning wooorlldddd
yes I wuz!
Why did we not pick Konz?!?

Grade A presentation  team.
Congrats Vijay , , and Johnny on all the hard work and progress.
I meant the professorle :D
I can't clean my room because I get distracted by the things I find.
OHSUeffect RT All new OHSU Effect tomorrow 8am!
Hear a preview at 5:20 today on Portland's Afternoon News!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
that's for the love!!!
Xoxo KB ;
estimated percentage of blue vs orange in TBA today?
THANKS EVERYONE who supported the Calvin Jones BIGBAND Jazz Festival in ANY way...
much appreciation ...
on the 1st International
How many of y'all know where y'all really want to be 5 yrs from now ?
: Steve Blake's seasonhigh 19 pts has up 8478.
3:40 left in the 4th in Game 7 on TNT.
Does Denver have another run in them?
I like Thursdays cause they're one day closer to Friday.
Tonight is my only day off till Saturday  I have to spend it studying my ass off...
cool.
Why am i still awake 
Yo am I really arguing with my film professorssor on how christian bales abs is better than his ass in american physco?
Graduation is just around the corner!
Call us for a reservation 512.320.8883 or email for a private catering!
Uh lol once ..!
Somewhat switching channels for just a day, from basketball to ufc.
Love UFC, just not as much as bball.
Lookin forward to Jones/Evans.
Re: I'd like to be considered head RaeBot That position is made available to the person who makes the largest financial contribution
Prom on friday!
Gonna look dappeR
Feeling reckless, refuse to make wish  11:11, will wait until 11:19
Glad we don't have to sweat out tomorrow.
Won't have to blackout in anger.
Love it!
Dear Last 6 Months: nice try but I'm still here.
Stumbling.
Learning.
Growing.
Laughing.
Crying.
Loving God every step of the way.
Glad I'll actually be able to watch Parks and Rec live tonight.
Usually I work at 9:30 Eastern 8:30 Central!
So want to FlyMeToLondon we can spend the evening together.
Passed a guy talking to a telephone pole just before Rose St.
Wonder how that conversation is going.
.
how are you doing?
What!
Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
LOVE
Fighting to change foster care  Austin News
Line of the week: I finally understand the ending of THE SIXTH SENSE.
Those were the names of the people who worked on the movie!
Crazy game
Thank you so much.
3 Can you also Tell your followers and everyone else to vote for Germany?
It'd be so amazing.
3
Nailed it!
So if anybody needs help on their bracket, I'm finally done with my analysis.
Should another year collecting winnings...
WhatsThe411?
Got some hits under his belt damn
No we have not.
I will def look into that tho!
stupidest thing i've ever read
how much does D3 cost?
Sounds like an incredible show.
So sorry I missed it!
I'll use to update my status in realtime during the Nationwide Better Health Columbus Marathon on Oct 17
I am all Bulls and cannot stand the Knicks, but we are all people and treating each other so terribly breaks my heart.
Sorry for that
but I still wanna see it!
Yes I can be very nonchalant at times.
Its not that I don't have an opinion...
its because I really don't care.
Performing tonight in the MAC Lobby as part of the IU Jazz Celebration!
Opening for Peter Erskine, Randy Brecker, Bob Hurst,  Alan Pasqua!
think our meeting should be at Perkins since you like their breakfast so much.
hahahaha I luv mister Perkins thou...everything there
Always!
And I'll help you mix up sauces for skin stop.
Thanks!
I'm glad to have everyone's smiling faces up on the site!
lmao I hear u man.....aye check your dm
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 14
get at me asap
Why is it so hard for me to focus enough to study?
u coming to eagle tmw?!?!
rhiannaslaw 3 getting it trending to stop the bullying!
Everybody left me and Max.
So we decided it would be best to go to Arby's.
: Shearers still on my case...I know I fcked up Alan, thanks for stating the obvious.Did u have money on City?!?
Ha ha!
How do bands get involved in the LendaHand, HeartheBand event?
I know we'd be a great opener..!
Thx for letting us know
I am honestly paralyzed at the sight of a cockroach.
YOUTUBE.
OO WHAT IS THIS?!
good looks bruh!
lol, I'm sorry!
At least y'all are going to Staples now, right??
I'm SO tired I JUST got Mi PHone to work I NEED A NEW PHONE!
I love the person I thought you were.
Doesn't seem to be a big storm coming, looking at the radar.
If you don't mind being rained on a little you're in for a W!
why hellur there stranger, i miss you.
The bluest skies you've ever seen...
Jack Johnson?
almost at 500...
i get my shit the fast way...
SKI MASK WAY!

I don't have time to hate people who hate me, cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.
I do really well with people who are type A personalities.
I keep them balanced.
Truest statement in football: Games are won and lost in the trenches
FF and of course,
IMA LICK U LIKE A ENVELOPE
Ready for a great December!
tried leaving a comment on your recent post but it didn't show up.
maybe i went to spam?
mike is my guy he is the one that fixed my swing :
some people said gall bladder and some said appendix.
But I'm having trouble detoxing maybe that's why I have stomachpain
If She Fuck Me Right Then She Shopping
Nolan..don't get it confused with Noah...
Have ya runnin to the ship Cuz u floodin from the way I work my d
Congrats to and his new brothers that initiated tonight.
not if it is a band that allows taping.
Many do.
is giving away last minute tickets to tonight's game.
DM me, and you'll get a pair!
Doing my first 2000 person crowd tonight at 8 at Dallas Baptist University.
I meant marketing for Also, considering the price of S3, I figured you were in jest.
lol the things girls do for attention smh
I like saying hello to Zombies !
cool!
she's my diva  rolemodel!
Xo
See if I can throw you off...
This is coming from Twitter!
Ha!
Don't let the fingers slide too hard of the pad!
Ha!
Exploring TriBeCa this eve.
Any suggestions of places to check out?
Thanks for the follow; if I'm ever in France, I will have to check out your resort!
All of the pretty gay boys are at
uh, yeah
ATTN: 9/11 truthers please just stop it you're embarrassing your selves and those you associate with who do not share your beliefs.
Oops, just spent it all!
our LOUD PAK came vacuum sealed...
thanks girl!
do u Twitter anymore?
I was very pleased to see you get carpet tweetbombed by fsgd after your tweet!
Nice jobs guys...
And gals.
ha, thanks!
I clearly doctorssed up for the occasion!
;
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity.
Most people have plugins to use Flash.
iPhone and iPad don't support Flash.
You must know what devices viewers use.
What kind should I get?
.
BREWERS WIN!!!
Yay!!!
Everyone tilting their heads left to read Townsend's graph
The guy that won 77 million in Powerball worked at the same company as me.
No, I don't know him.
I feel like all I do is think about y'all.
And all y'all r doing is forgetting about me.
You guys are both invited to hang out on my porch with me all summer, by the way.
I'm close to Hikari!
:
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future
definitely.
Now he can doctorft himself a hefty DT with that pick.
Andy loves the big guys.
no idea.
doubt it thoo.
I have too do a French project thoo.
but it shouldn't take long.
Heard they r having trouble selling tix for ntl.
TV TCU gm  Jerry's world, risk of making the school look bad
OMG, an ICONic Girl followed me: !
Yay!!!
None of it might have happened without your role, Michael.
Thanks!
My best bet is probably to hang in the vicinity of Linden Lane close to O'Neill
why ppl date and don't wanna marry
Doc Rivers: I thought ten different times was hurt again.
UNYEIP Budget Initiatives: 1.
Full Restoration of all cuts to EI Services and Reimbursement Rates 2.
Adequate compensation for 18 years 
Wow.
Thats all i have to say is Wow.
I dont care what anyone says is a legitimate NFL qb, he just wins, and thats all that matters
RT : It was nice 2 see a guy for once display emotion for steph  for u 2 get a sexy ass date!
BOUT TIME!lol
I want to say thanks for all of your encouraging posts.
You motivated me to not accept no for an answer and to follow my doctoram!
Productive workshop last night.
Thanks to everyone who came out.
Last class of the day then I have to spend my night at Thornton...hate study hours.
: On the show, couldn't stop talking about how sexy she thinks Obama is.
so, so so sexy!!!!
Even though TSCC won many viewer polls, I understand the decision.
Production costs for it have got to be incredible.
RT : Targets for disruptive innovation  poverty, violence, corruption, people trafficking.
Every time I feel like I'm losing my way I dispose the anchors that doctorgged me there to begin with Unfortunately new anchors always emerges
Would Mayock stop referring to these guys as cats?
And why is Goodell hugging every player like his mother?
Note to Rog, THEY DONT LIKE U!
I just wanted to make sure y'all knew that KG passed Ewing for 12th on the NBA AllTime FGM list and Cousy for 39th on the FTM list
Heading out with my son Michael and Alyssa to look at the wedding reception hall.
3WordsForYou suck it bitch.
she saved him
He said he doesn't want to come over, cause then he would have to meet my dad.
He just doesn't want to go off on him..God I hate my dad
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
but not heavy metal, if he put a sick rock beat down with some lyrics it would be tight to bridge the gap between rock and rap.
Bout to take a nap.
Get up then do my homework!
Thank god tomorrow is friday!
AskKeke how do you keep yourself grounded?
oh yea,ok2 sometimes i open twitter at night,yah i'm rarely opened twitter:but here me:
u askin for a paint fight
Everything About You is my new favorite song!
3
Thanks for the re tweet !
:
Yes!
Stop crying!
can you tell me how to get the gold coin emblem with the 10th prestige skull on it?
please i really would like to get it.
There's a spam message going around re: rumors, we did not send it.
Disregard please.
Tummy starting to rumble?
Head to the Cow for a nice 4.95 lunch!!!
Giddy Up The beef is calling your name.....
Im glad desperate housewives is over.
There i said it.
once again I am affirmed that I made the right decision 2 1/2 years ago.
jack scared Bennett n Bennett pushed jack who scraped his leg hahaha
i heard they're only nice to tourists for tourism , but they talk smack about them behind their back
Pretty sure that's a stroke.
Call a doctor.
Thanks for the FF!
The work that you do often goes unnoticed, but I see you!
Opportunities await SMEs in Kazakhstan
Christian school invite track meet im excited!
Army Post Office
just ran 20 miles no Runyon for me!
What is going on superbowl XLV CAMERA MAN DOWN !
great run today in the 38 car
And if she ain't tryna get it, then she get doctorpped off.
Lemme bust that u.e, bitch bust that open
What exactly is a dealyjob anyway?
America, are you stupid?
The Repubs cause financial crisis, want to steal Social Security from you, yet you'll vote 4 them?
To do it again?
omg u should've seen them :O I got flashed twice
it will be better to have extra tickets versus zero tickets though right.
Which one is more important?
I am having a sleep over with my daughter in her room.
5 is a great age.
Thanks for the Falling Forwards shirt
Work week finally over!
Time to f'ing rage.
Join me tonight at Vamp Ultra for dem grumpy beats and tasty liquor!
Yousa!
Cautionary metaphor: scholarprogrammer like carnivore/herbivore hybrid that perisheth for lack of food in trad academy?
I love coming home and hearing about more people dying.
It's really great.
So its nap time since I can't get doctornk and hate crying.
With in Nashville for the hawks  preds game.
Missing and
names MA as 1 and MD as one of the mostimproved!
A good day for both of my homes.
The Black Dahlia Murder is this Thursday!
Who's coming?
Because as an elected official he's also subject to ethics complnts/issues.
It's complicated to say the least.
JUS MADE ME FEEL BETTER WITH THAT VIDEO!
or us as a collections of 'yous' ....
Creatures walk the earth all the time, on the dime.
when and where will you come to Portland, OR for the Bruce Lee benefit art viewing?
Went to the London Supreme store today.
I got yelled at for taking pics of the clothes but it was so worth it.
god does things for a reason
One of my biggest internet petpeeves is when refuses to load YouTube thumbnails.
That really sucks you actually paid money for those gay Oakleys.
I just wanted to play them one more time so we didn't split with them.
I didn't say we would win, just that I wished.
Stay Beautiful through the hot summer.
Permanent Makeup makes it happen!
You deserve the best.
nothing less.
lol yeah i still do that to :
Meant to say, looking forward to it, yee ha
Thank God that Jazz saved the day
idk.
Its just ironic how he is tweeting all these love quotes and hasnt tweeted its a rumor but he inboxed my friend.
Thanks to Pinkberry for grabbing your banners!
Dying to try it.....
ALL of Magazine Street needs one ;
healthtip: Bring it back 2 the days of playing in the backyardAccoring to magazine, hula hooping burns as many calories as running.
A3: Meeting lifelong friends from around the world in Cape Town South Africa
I'd like to be....ROMAN
See you soon!
RT : We have a great team from MD heading to the a4aChallenge next week to tell Congress that
Appreciate the shout out man!
Thank you!
RT : check out these boys some quality music mayn
ima box ya ears in
great video.
I agree about the why, want to talk about the how?
marry me
Chris Paul's demand of trade to one team really destroys HORNETS ability to obtain maximum value in a trade.
What other team would deal?
confusion b/w public page and professorle page.
cant i have both???
This weather makes me wanna sleep all day.
Just because you have one, doesn't mean you have to act like one.
Getting oriented, if not caught up.
Registered for THATCampAHA.
Sent emails.
Discovered staples and reloaded stapler.
I'm sure glad no woman I know dates you.
do they need to be told/shown what people sacrifice when selling sex?
Twitter exclusive: Testicles.
I'm mad souped brittany replied back to me :'
i die for joan and melissa!!!!!
Thanks!
Have a great weekend!
The real question is, will Hedo regain his credibility in Phoenix?
You have to imagine that Steve Nash will make life easier on him.
Had a nice winner on SQuerrey in a Trebles from 4 with
Expendables looks like a bucket list film for all the actors invoked.
Arnie, Bruce, Chuck, Dolph.
Only Statham still making action vehicles.
On some stupid trip with school to an art gallery!
I would rather go see tbh; sophie
I want to get close to Myles, but it's like he ignores me .
whatevas.
need one of those
That game tonight was won in the waning minutes of the BC game on Sunday when Sammy redisvovered his shot.
my cat just shut down my computer.
that bitch.
Fina Lay It Down HMU If Yhu Have My  !
Champion KTM LasVegas is hosting an open house  1 year anniversary party May 4th.
Text CHAMPIONKTM to 90210 for info sent to your phone.
our wedding rings / engagement rings  dscf9049
first impressions tho

Don't you just wanna slap the shit out of somebody when they say something that's really stupid..
Delighted, How did seminar go?
Pics of our event, Civil War Encampment, are now on our FB page,
I Miss Hearing and Phunk During the Game!
doesanyoneknowhowtopostvideostofacebook who agrees???
RT Call me crazy, but i would rather be hurt than see u hurt
No Ceilings vs Sorry 4 The Wait ?
was up for a competition today .
PROUD 
my folks get busy RT : Need some of my mc friends to come on stage tonight and rip shit
Finally getting GQ'd up LOL
Every tweet goes a long way towards beating hunger in Milwaukee!
Thanks for the RTs!
That trick can work for a bad zin or Merlot, but bad Chardonnay?
I can barely doctornk good Chardonnay.
Nerlens Noel Picks Kentucky!!
in virtual worlds you can connect with people everywhere  with people you wouldn't have the chance to meet f2f
i love to talk to you all 2nite for free!
will you come to keep company with me in free chat?
see my sexy clothes!
I know it's hard, but you have to be the bigger person.
The world will give you more respect that way.
you got it boss.
hope all is well.
Thanks for the RT!
Everyone wants a pet phoenix like Fawkes in Harry Potter...or is that just me?
CBA's up in September and Donnie Fehr now runs the PA.
Sadly, do the math
I'm so stressed out...
Well today has been a shitty mess.
that pit/sd/put stretch looks daunting but team will be up for it!
great session sun event for music dir michaelroy..
that was prob one of the best livemashups i have ever played, w/ great vox harmonies
Matt Kemp has been placed on the DL he will be on the DL for 15 games.
Watching The Hangover for the 8493412 time
Tony Styxx started performing during a fire doctorll at Broad Ripple High School.
Styxx is one our Art  Soul featured artists.
It is, i have obligations tomorrow so i.m observing today :
Unfollow this pagee it got hackedd follow my new one for an instant follow back!
Waityou dyed your hair with someone's blood?
Existing Home Sales Slip in February, Still Outpacing 2011 Sales
Alcohol helping with the wordplay?
ahaha i forgot u was moving there!
ayee!
we def gotta hang out then fa sho!
By box office or bill's taste?
thanks all!
So cool!
Had a great night with and her hubby
So obviously we need to GetAustinToShowOffHisAbs !
But not this ustream cause I'm going to see the Lion King tomorrow!
Nextweek 111
Welcome to Console Game Jobs
Bo...
I'm working in Atlantic City next week so maybe the week after!
Going to check out my girl and my family 2nite 7pm at Le Poisson Rouge!!
instantturnon man hands
Your an inspiration taking time for your fans.
I hope to have fans to give my time to some day!
keep rockin!
RT : RT : A2: The power of perception is that what I perceive, I can achieve.
Barnes heating up a little.
I FREAKING LOVE ALL OF YOU!
I don't understand what your issue is with the KATU page, it's readily apparent that it's a bikeportland.org story.
noticed fresh graffiti on the front of this morning :  people are dumb.
Thanks for mentioning our event!
Mood bored!!!!
Missin Victoria tweets ?
In class with
Congrats on the Warrior Dash!
I loved reading your experience of the race.
So impressed with you.
Uhmm.
Next week?
c:
Shady Brook Farm Grove
hey I am over tweet limit :  Nathan :
OUR FOCUS GENERATING RESULTS FOR YOUR BRAND!
So I experiment with artists, styles now.
And Pandora's algo is pretty damn good, fwiw.
yeah blonde attract them but brunettes keep em, so I figured I try something new and go back to my natural!
thx out on the ff mentions
i hate you.
why haven't I been following you?
Here.
In this particular corner of the cyberhood.
??
It could be that I'm a twidiot
I see the resemblance!
How'd you land in Scotland.
Always wonder how folks get gigs overseas!
Like on HouseHuntersInternational!
oh my heart goes out to you and your family.
I'm very sorry.
Good Vibes...
now if u dnt follow bck imma come follow ur ass for real
Can't figure this out.
Just took a cab less than 1.5 miles in Baltimore  it cost 10tip.
I can get on a bus to NYC tomorrow for 20.
Huh?
Today is already a crappy day, only to be topped off with last episode.
Woe is me.
I HAVE TO GO POOP!
Girl knows what she wants!
asking me that is like asking me for advice on how to approach life.
: Is there anything in specific you want to know?
Morning workout then rugby in the afternoon
I'm sure it has to do with weeks in the Fox schedule for SYTYCD RT : what's the point of that?
PR/Brand/Marketing tweeps  I'm updating my media kit this afternoon.
Who wants to see it first?
Let's chat!
:
I'm a chocolate chip kind of gal, myself, but this is definitely the best oatmeal raisin cookie on the planet.
those are not sandals.
Maybe your problem is that you don't like to see toes...
cant i get a freaking break?!
like come on.
this isnt right...
The feeling of your wet feet in flip flops...
So gross
You are strong enough because in the end you will win!
I know this makes me a terrible 90's adolescent, but if my husband's Nirvana singalong does not end soon, I might scream.
are we ever going to meet up?
Gates at Pentagon Metro station not working.
Letting us walk through?
Hmm.
How will WMATA goof this up?
ohh, i know; i saw.
i was stalking his twitter:
Nah, no disrespect!
lol I didn't know....I will
yeah  you have have no choice.
You're simply keeping your wife happy.
thatawkwardmoment when you accidently gleak all over your laptop because you opened your mouth funny....yeah...
Instead Of Putting Yuh Partner On A Tight Leash, Give Them Some Room Let'em Do Their Thing.
If They Fuck Up You Know It's Not Meant To Be.

tell he left his wife home with his 8 kids lol.
Did you know Smashing Tomato is 1 of less than 40 restaurants in America with the VPN rating?
Guaranteeing you authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
Im Tryna Go Too
Once a Dawg, always a Dawg...
How sweet it is!!
will y'all be there a while ?
librarians offer something the web never can.
curation.
they need to be more proactive in offering it.
thanks for the love my dude i got u ill go follow her now
Yeah, that's what I ended up doing.
Not quite the same.
Thanks for lookin' out, though.
'Preciate it!
Hey actors for sage advice
Any after parties going on tomorrow for ?
We wanna play a house show!

Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade.
With it, it becomes creation.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone :
Bet.
: I will get my tweets up to 1000 by the end of this month
Loving with at flattsfest so far!!
Hoping to hear cool thing  here's to you!
Did you suck some dick?
Sounds like it's time to start a new leadership hoodie trend!
End of June might work.
The SotTJ is on its way to Europe at the end of this month and going to 2 EuroPads.
Send me email.
Its Hot As Fuck IN Arizona....WHy
After talking to me for 5 minutes, Bertrand Russellquoting cab doctorver says, You seem like you've read a lot of semiotics.
Is this true?
Surrender Your Wednesday!
DJ Mighty Mi rockin' industry night...hit me up if you need anything 480.612.3337
me too but I'm mad they just killed my boy
I've never been this tired in my life.
The fact that my stolen car stereo was broken anyway almost makes up for the gaping hole in my dashboard.
almost
Just finish the first show at forestwood MS!
Now headed Briar Hill MS!
Good luck to my babies and at cheer tryouts!!
Make me proud!
Don't make me break out the ass whoopin cane
you crack me up : How are things going?
Hey coachjags just won two more games.
UNC forfeits 2008 2009 seasons.
coachjags record needs to be fixed to 226.
Go
Mother Goose Parade officials not ducking their duties, asking El Cajon city council 2B the title sponsor of...
the 2012 Mother Goose Parade
RT : The art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity.
Douglas Horton
me too!
Queen of Jordan rules : I love when is on 30 rock!
She brightens my long days!
Watching her now!
When a man tries to play in my hair when I jus got it done!!
my apartment manager keeps knocking on my walls, i keep yelling back at him that my door is in the hallway, he won't listen so I yell louder
I am going with Memphis and Miami meeting in the Finals.
What do you think?
Does Chicago stand a chance without Rose.
Excited to get my women's tee later this week!
I hate people who lie , saying they are somewhere .
When they're not.
do u have tumblr
Just saw the new RTGX Nimbus Solid State Storage mobile demo using an HP Ultradense Server using the Doovel Hadoop Big Data Solution.
Why is Kate Beckinsale wearing a silk toga?!
Calvin Johnson on the cover of Madden 13
If u want 2c BATTLESHIP in IMAX in Miami, u'll have 2go2 AMCAventura24!
AMCSunsetPlace24 seems 2b catering2 kids' movies not Action :
If I had a KeurigVue brewer I would call it my java pit stop.
cyberdol  cyberdol
shout out to my little cuzzo
Home from school.
Dang!
Good stuff.
Have a great weekend and enjoy the bay!
I'm not smart I just listen to smart people.
An Epic Fail Can Only Lead To A Monumentous Rise....Breeze DTA
yes they are who doesn't love them 3
John Seely Brown laying an intellectual foundation for digital humanities at De Lange Conference
we are in Michigan on vacation
Its on Queen!!
RT : My days of struggling are over thanks to
RT : : WE HAVE THE CAUSE.YOU HAVE THE EFFECT.
Donate 2 Help4Hygiene  make an impact.
Yes, it is!
But I'll look into why you didn't get a text.
Did you get an email or twitter dm perhaps?
INeverUnderstood why so many ppl were born without common sense
Tix are on sale for our Artisans' Fare on Nov.
18/19; Indiana's premiere food  doctornk artisans will be there, like www.localfolksfoods.com
what do you Ay???
hell
Want to see the day an HBCU beats one of these BCS teams.
That might get more Black athletes thinking about playing for Black Colleges
TIV will be May17  Level 3.
Annual bday bash 4 Free cover.
Huge event.
Dont miss it.
Will you be there?
Three minutes.
I know, hence why I said it LOL
none of my friends knew about you, so i showed them your song .
AND GUESS WHAT .
YOU HAVE JUST WON 500 MORE MAHOMIES 3
Omw 2 get this check.
doctornks on me.
Just bring cash if you wanna doctornk too lol
Maybe they're just super comfortable for asskicking.
More flexibility.
you bet!!!
You would there would a business in geekcentric piñatas!
Thank you.
Someone else sees it.
RT : Those two doubles given up by Veras were fair by about a combined 2.5 inches.
Tough luck.
So excited that has a twitter...
was listening to Fallen and was thinking it'd be sweet if she did!
3
Hardest working mom in showbiz
I think I'll start a notebook with Pinterest recipes.
;
RT : FOX NEWS REPORTS: Romney Could Make History by Defeating First Gay Muslim President /
Another field goal!!!!
Have fun.
Sick stat !
RT : Milwaukee Brewers P Zach Grienke has a ERA of 1.51 since the All Star Break
Proclamation presented to Lady G
Final doctorss done.
Always a little depressing to be the only designer in the room...
A lot of lemon and grapefruit citrus on this Colombelle Blanc for me...crazy acidity.
Now it's time to play some COD.
yeah I stayed commited with quiting but yeah .
Yeah I'm done!
Now I just gotta move out ::
ha!
Thanks!
I was kidding guise.
Be grateful for everything you have today: Remember there are people with much less!
They're just cardboard cutouts.
Check out our Facebook page!!!
Press 'Like'!
www.facebook.com/flighttoathena
Morning cardio...check!
Barre at tonight with
come home to me
mister.
Janice bought me a bracelet  clutch for prom.
Seriously, she's like a grandma to me.
I love her 3
What's this all about...are the Packers rocking alternative unis next year?
Congrats to ABQ for Top Honors for My Story is Written in ABQ  most innovative.
Okay, I'm officially on a kick again.
Yayyy!
Last time I went through this phase about three years ago.
Haha 3
S/O TO D HOMIE BRUCE IRVIN
there must be somethin in the water...
A Fav place to visit!
RT: Tourism 1 job creator in Oregon.
8K jobs in the last year.
I don't want to be creepy, but I doctoramed we created the Antichrist last night.
happy to help and pretty sure it's better than going to the dentist, and can make it much easier for you ;
Rihanna's Where Have You Been is my ish!
Hot in Cleveland
Awww...
it's already over.
I hope The Bowery shows more concerts live.
Finished work on a new song.
Details coming soon
Red State : cool and funky.
Waiting to hear from kev his reasons for.
Luck  Horseshoe  Duh
mom believes the angels sing, but dad believes the devil brings..
Florence is only 25?
More like 34.
Party America does not sell fake dog poop.
Tweet to the FACE!!!!!
When no guy has liked you in 2 years.
That when you no you
So Like Tommorow Im Gonna Like U Know Try And Get My Nerves Together And Talk To Him 3 :
I'm the luckiest woman in the world.
Sometimes it takes something big happening to see that, but Im so glad I finally did.
I love you baby!!
After Hours Blog : Bluebrains Central Park LocationBased Album
Wow signed to Cash Money records!!!
Big move big homie!!
How qanqster does this make me look?
I qot to find me some dum dums to eat!
Prefer to spend money on one sharp developer to make an application do great stuff for users rather than vendor customization
Looking forward to meeting you and worshiping together!
Praying for you.
Tonight!
Is our amazing guest at !
Join us w/ Dj for glitter, doctornks, mashups  madlibs!
10:30!
Happy Birthday to my big bro, Ray.
There is nothing quite like time with family :
Sent the hubby to the mallshould be interesting!
I'm doing good.
How have you been?
is a genius.
He's following in my comedic footsteps.
ur welcome!
It occurred 2 me hearing u sing how gr8 thou are that u can never thank some1 enough 4 their voice.
Thx 4 follow

Hey!
Would love to introduce you to our video platform!
Have him hit us up on twitter or
LakeShow mothafuckas!!!!!
Bring on the thunder!!!
ELIXER TOMORROW FOR BDAY BASH COME PARTY WITH THE LOVELY LADIES OF EnvyMeEnt  SavageLifeEnt BE THERE OR BE TALKED ABOUT
Penn State has 25 Media Commons locations that are similar to the digital union.
Working on Xmen parody video, hoping that it will be out next Sat.!
Haunt you to your grave, lightly.
I love this verse!
1/2 Price Sushi, Wine  Beer from 46pm.
Don't forget about the FREE wine tasting tomorrow from 46pm!!
See you there!
my nerves are already going insane, can't imagine how Steph feels.
Thankfully it's girls night, jemME!
Nobody like him.
Coach Coattail Rider.
RT : Lakers fans..
U like Mike Brown?
It was hard.
I am so sorry to hear that.
I just got to functional this morning.
I can do without migraines entirely.
I say lead him off still.
Can't think of any one else to put in the 12 slot.
Izturis?
Morgan?
Aoki?
Yucks.
Thanks.
RT : Hi thanx for your keynote earlier.
Was interesting, and good to speak to you afterwards.
Yeah I'm in Cali doctorving the PCH from SF to LA right now, it's beautiful.
Where r u Chinca Chinquenta Face??
Rise and shine fans!
We play a game that counts tonight.
We play at Toby Keiths in St.
Louis Park from time to time.
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads!
We appreciate you and love you!!
Getting comfortable w/1.3.
Wish for: narrow columns, clicking on Growl notif opens tweet, trackpad side scroll, search in columns
waiting on a sunny day to shoot some new video for the hydoctorbikes!
RT You Assume Things  You Look Like A Dumbass.
You Don't Assume  You Look Stupid When Your Assumptions Were Right.
Pretty badass Free Vertical Jump Training course!
It works Instantly!
wanted to share www.theverticalpro.com
extremely and utterly comical!
Thanks for all the colorfulness and eccentricities your twitter presence brings.
Who is Sue Burke?
Hey, thanks  been fun!
if I was your best friend, I'd want you around all the time
I find that I'm a connoisseur of fine literature.
Currently reading 'Barbara: Barbara Striesand's Life in Pictures'.
Bahaha..
Andoctorid just doctornk mini bud lights and fell asleep and now I'm listening to him sleep talk about doctor wall..
Hahaha
ShucksIt brings me joy knowing that it brought you joy.
Some good stuff indeed.
Sometimes i set my standards 2 low ..its ova 4 dat
no, but we are all pogo'ing in our offices
Got it!
Thanks!
Ask Ray J, Miles or Hump RT : How do you spell tanorexic anyway?
Tannerexic?
Tannorexic?
Is this even a real word?
Day at a Time..I'm just chillin plottint
Us bearded bald guys stick together.
And kick ass.
: can't make it to the Evansville show, car trouble, but if you go thru Owensboro, lemme know ANYONE WANNA GIVE GURL A RIDE?
If Anybody knows Anybody that's selling a Sprint or Att iPhone4S please hit me up!!
There is no futur there is no past I live this moment as my last
Network Programmers needed for a rapidly expanding MMO company in the
Tweet, eat, sleep, repeat.
3
No, we just expect pro athletes to earn their keep and not pass the accountability onto someone else.
I haven't heard anything official yet but little bird at afta11 just told me that we got the California Arts Council grant we applied for!
when I first read that, I thought your hashtag was donut onto others ...
which is also a very sweet and giving sentiment ;
Yeah!!!
Bulls won!!!
encourage one another.
Good morning to you too!!
:
three white guys and a Mexican!
Haven't been up this early in quite some time.
I miss my bo 3
uicdae audio descriptions: be the eyes not the brain, don't describe too much, don't interfere with native audio  speak clearly
A flock of teenage girls came in the cafe I am eating at, and I am reminded how happy I am to no longer be a teenage girl.
well those r the good ones lol how bout the bad ones
Wow.
I love seeing my friends doing well in life : especially ones that deserve it most!
And when they let me doctorve their new audi!
:D
Thanks it's fully recovered this is just first REAL test.
Good luck  LSU but remember, everyone wants to be a Nole!
Imma take Steelers lanyard and put his keys on my ArmyStrong lanyard when he's asleep!
thanks for following me back!
NOW STEVE MCNAIR?
WOW!
RIP.
HOPEFULLY THEY FIND WHO KILLED HIM N HIS FRIEND!
Shout out to my Bro bringing my other mother to the same show, I know both of them are excited...Gotta treat mom right!!!
Not much Tweeting Tonight, BUT can I just get a GO PACK GO...????
Orlando, around 9am and after...
I'll be honest, I had to Google him.
And even still, he didn't register.
That's what happens when you're not a 70s Royal.
Ha!
not happy.
Hope he can ball out like he's capable of.
Dude doctorves me nuts, tho.
I'd do anyting for da Pack so I won't hate jus yet
My new picture on Instagram is getting no love.
smh, what you get a ticket for?
I hate not having anything to do.
Guaranteed Ratings Beast RT : Check out 's discovery channel show Butthole Garage
my mom posted that on my page.
haha
Who's watching some football and enjoying Rubicon beer?
I am!
great game from Mat and Hell of a hit at home.
Glad xrays came back ok!
ha I didn have time yet
where's that?
Tonight at Kilroy's Sports cover is only 5 per 2 people.
Well worth it, considering everything is HALF OFF!
20ThingsAboutMe Im an easy person to get along with unless i don't get along with you or like you.
Watching Damages.
Such a great show.
All experience is an arch, to build upon.
Henry B.
Adams
who's following me 2day...
Support Kdoctor radio  Hill's Cafe in Austin TODAY!
Great lineup: Paula Nelson, George Devore, Matt Hubbard, Waylon Payne  myself.
Cheers!
2p
You don't call retarded people retards, it's bad taste.
You call your friends retards when they're acting retarded.
thanks.
your stuff looks kickass !!
I did not know.
Now I feel like crying.
Death is heavy no matter x's you have to mourn someone.
never seen a bad game there.
And if you're on a bay run during a game, you can stop for filed level view out in right for free
going out with family, same haha its really embarrassing you don't know where to look :' : x
They say you don't tug on Superman's cape, you don't spit into the wind, ...
Today is a huge match against mainland.
it comes a time that what is right is right and destiny kicks in.
Love it
Yeah I'm gonna appeal the shit out of it.
ATSU keeping those affected by Joplin tornado close to heart.
All students accounted for.
More to come as we have it.
Going 2 the Shins 2night with ...
if the weather holds out.
Fingers crossed!
: its a doctoram come true for eddieblum.
16 yr olds everywhere hahahahahahaha yes
Independent artists tell you their doctorams and a perspectives.
Listen!
I know it can be so doctorining and a waste of time
now that's funny!
I never follow rules of society!
I'd rather be an outlaw than an inlaw!
excellent!
just let me know when and I'll stomp over :
: So glad you could make it to MEIAwards tonight!
Glad to be here  inspiring work!
yeah, I wish you would have ordered from us too on this snowy week ;
Maybe you're a mole.
Do you have shovellike hands and beady eyes?
I know how Newt felt in Iowa.
It's been one of those days.
so what can we excpect Family Night wise?
100 or is it different this year?
like a 7 on 7 or something?
tumblr post limit  being sick and unable to leave the house all day lack of human interaction  i am extremely antsy and easily aggravated
Thanks !
You're fabulous!
I need my car back.
I cant do this being stuck in the city much longer...
it's fair for me to assume that people who grow up in small texas towns learn to doctorve on tractors instead of cars?
I feel like hitting the buffet
..and 6 from Chandler...Boo!
: LaMarcus Aldoctordge is five possessions from fouling Brendan Haywood out.
what year did we play in ATL?
When I first read it, I felt it wouldn't be my fave, but I really like thinking back to it now.
Must reread!
I'm Ridin Round  I'm Gettin'it police sires ...OHH SHIT!

Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Vince Lombardi
If your In Knoxville, TN tonight come out to Cotton Eyed Joe's to see Randy Houser!!!
Show starts at 8 PM!!!
If u are a man sitting in the passengers side of another mans car; y would I wanna talk to u?
Tickets on sale for Kirk Franklin,Byron Cage,Isaac Caree,Amber Bullock,Charles Jenkins and Cheneta Jones.
Boy howdy!
I smell what the Ellwood is cooking!
Enjoy the day.
Way to go...good for you!
Too bad Newt followed one of this conservative advice as Speaker.
I'm a Words with Friends ninja!
You just can't hold me.
actually it's just the pizza guy from the segment.
Phew
where at Baltimore if so holla at me
Good morning baby :D
Wishing everyone a great day!
Happy Friday.
Acoustic guitar and coffee the best way waste time before work chr1s
Go Giants
Omfgggggggggggggg wtf is going on ah nothing better happen to my stiles
I feel lucky every day that I am able to serve people using books.
I always tell others that service is our highest priority
Message me for FREE MEMBERSHIPS ON OUR SITE...
Find that playmate..:
You still in NYC?
AWESOME!
We look forward to seeing you, Karen!
: Remember when the Secret Service had an honorable image?
A few stupid men ruin years of reputation.
Big recording session today for the new album.
There will be banjo.
I'm feeling oddly really good today.
Maybe it was the eclipse.
Yumm.
Did you use the Le Pasta vodka sauce?
happy birthday!
33333333333333 im your biggest fan
Titans are out for Manning......
Be Massive  Kildare's OSU!
Crew  3:30 Also catch the Reds, Indians and the NHL playoffs on one of our 17 big screens!
Sunny, sunny day...
time for a ride.
And then some; take my fat tires to Comfort manana manana, back in time for slowbraised lamb Monday.
Derek Luke is my guy.
Great movie.
Pretty pumped I signed in and see you tweeting Love it.
I'm just a teenager trying to find my place in this world..
Its wasn't that great kinda like one of those 'ancient aliens' things they play.Walking Dead is good lil doctorma focused atm:
some use cases: coordinating meetings throughout the day, getting together with a group of friends after work..
thoughts?
Wheels are falling off the Pacers bus...
I can not stay focused holy shit
I need to tan asap!
I look all white!
I just don't know about that.
Music is good, but for me chocolate is even better.
Chocolate is a gift from the gods.
I JUST HAD TO BE REAL CAUSE THAT IS WHATS FUCKIN THIS GAME UP......
This weather perfectly describes my feelings right now.
i def watched the graduate today haha
Midnight In Paris now stands at 48.5 US on 399 screens after 12 weeks.
What is a fish taco?
This album is still awesome!
Hey!
Fancy meeting you there.
It's rather nice down here.
an his production ppl
: God made my life complete when I placed all of the pieces before him..
Now I feel put back together...
Ps18:20,23
Yoooo Go Follow My Girl Certified Dopefiendz  Foo So  Dat  Button
group of friends told me i must see that movie with them.
I was like no!
The Vow Hmm!
lol
You've got more natural acting talent than most of our generation.
Ur' expressions r always perfect w/ ur' Character's situation
Ralae lastnight was inspiring,most unique pairing of my life,bold flavors but so freshso clean.BigThks2 Kim,Ulf,JonTam,Anders
Smart Money Monday: Asset Allocation
it seems like apple is blending a lot of their products.
seems interesting ..
I didnt like him!
I only said that because me being stupid might of thought that it would make u jealous and want me..
Hes fake!
LOL.
Oh kitty.
and live with Molly!
: It's decided.
When I finish college I'm moving to Denver.
Colorado beststateever
Someone new will come :
2NITE at SHOWMAN'S 125th  M'side 8:3012:30.
Blowin' the blues w/ Colin Brown organ, Pete Van Nostrand doctorms  yours truly on tenor.
get your baby from a shelter Sarah Silverwoman
Hate when people in the office do the scratch throat  thing with their mouth!!!
yea thats true..
So be grateful for our friendship : lol
it's great.
Can't complain.
Still must connect soonly.
Enjoy your weekend.
ATTENTION SOPA FIGHTERS there is a NEW THREAT: ACTA i have taken down the banner on the blog site and replaced it with valuble infoon ACTA
I hope I see him, he makes me so damn happy.
We would love to do a fitness segment for you guys!
Never Fear, Brooklyn is Here.
Looking for Denver's best burger?
Try Tarbell's in Southglen, voted best burger in Denver 2011 by Westword Magazine.
Just spoke to Dave Ratner at your firm, looking forward to possibly working with RR  R in the future.
I'm a pimp.......Sike im not ghetto O.o
About to go home and go to sleep then be jacked on red bull for the rest of the day
no problem!
:
Most days I think free is too high of a price to pay for that shuttle.
I know nothing about journalism.
But I do know that some people at the pennst news conf should be ashamed of their conduct
you have a working television and the ability to watch Fox right?
i need to make money
who cares bout him im talkin bou the boys
But that wasn't her.
That was me.
I thought it was okay.
You were already DMing him.
Thought he was on our side.
Popular kids tend to earn more in their adult life.
thank you!
Our entire family room is all Yankees holiday decorations!
Living room more formal ;
Just realized Basecamp lost textile formatting.
WEAK :
Shop will be OPEN Noon  4pm today and EVERY Saturday!
Stop by if you're on the Eastside.
1726 E.
North Ave.
Side Door.
Mayor talks about abgheadinghome project expanding his view of leadership.
sorry if I spoiled it for you.
:
Tweet me guise.
I'm jealous of the Jags.
Justin Blackmon is going to be a stud WR.
ReTweetThisIf if you want your tweets to be retweet
I was eatin some chicken n I was tryin to break the half n when I did the bone flung out my hand n hit my bf : 
It is all love!
Fanfic project update.
Got some HD blog cams.
Who wants to be first to volunteer to record their fanfic experience for the project?
Email from account you used at sign up.
Use subject line BOOMER.
We'll reply by noon tomorrow w/ tix.
How it works, in a nutshell: 1.
See it.
2.
Pin it.
3.
Share it.
The real currency on Pinterest is visual data.
Aughh.
Taxes are a bitch.
Wine is gone.
Rubbing alcohol starting to fascinate.
Indeed, Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me!
School plan alters calendar  The Advocate
Sometimes I wish I didn't have a brain..
scottiepippentweets i love The Color Purple but Soul Plane was a work of art
Thank u I'm member/Veteran.
Ask your Vets to pass along now showing
probs because your too ratchet you can't even think straight!
you gotta remember put one in his brain.
The first one he goes down, then you put one in his brain and you know he's dead and we go home.
: Tune in now for the live set from the Do512 Lounge in Austin  debuting songs from the new HISB album!
RT Got Some Exclusive Acapellas.
Need You On Here Famalamski !
time for back to school shopping
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Records Management Analyst for their client in  DC or Chicago.
The Analyst will support the 
What's the reasoning behind them not wearing the uniforms?
Agreed.
This is my first ISTE  it's a bit overwhelming.
I see you tweet and follow all these amazing beliebers but why dont you ever notice me?
Very excited to be setting up the Maney stand at MLA at the Washington State Convention Centre in beautiful down town Seattle.
You must come see the space!
Is Obama using coolness to compensate for his incompetence?
I'd say YES.
Thank you very much JoJo, you're so kind xx
Trouble in Toledo
I'm really hoping you see this.
But even if you don't, i wont stop trying.
I want you to know how much i support you !
LOL I meant my fave after of course!
Lol
You're welcome!
Wat up tweetsters get at me
Heading to the office to complete weekly anecdotes...
Ragnar Kjartansson just won the Malcolm Award!!
And his video The Man is up !!
Batman Begins is ridiculously underrated, I blame the Dark Knight for overshadowing it.
the ravages of age
awesome facebook and website.
you are amazing
Thanks for the mention!
RIP Amy Winehouse.
Your soulful voice will be missed.
ok, there was a spot in the article that gave me the impression it might be normal and thought I'd ask.
He should get out of the world..
Working hard on revamping our website.
Anyone want to give us a hand?
Freshly cut chicken breast cooked in a thick creamy sauce, and Naan bread!!!: What's for lunch today?
mkedining mkefoodies
i would give TeamMGMC a 25 :
HTown
U.S.
Stocks extended their sharp gains Tuesday with the bluechip index surging past the psychologicallyimportant 13,000 level.
uh huh lol , I love you to :
ah, I haven't heard of Colette.
Have you done any videos on plays you've been to?
Will never understand the big deal with Gay marriage.
If couple wants to be married they should be married.
Its not your life, why care?
oh and by the way
Salad is really bad for you.
Fortunately any calories that come from anything green don't count.
:
Quick trip to Secret Headquarters and then dinner at in Silverlake before back to more work before leaving for the weekend.

no burrito for you when you come to Vegas!
Fletcher on HNIC it doesn't appear to be a short term thing.
play in both formats yearly, guess I'd say serpentine by a nose
We are hosting a Business Summit for 250 Students/Entrepreneurs April 4...Have a Press Passes...Would you be interested?
I refer to some folks I work with that way.
RT : A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
Oscar Wilde
It's free in the iTunes store!
So packernation...
what other sports do you follow?
thank you, I definitely will:
Hey whats the best co.
for Linux virtual dedicated srvr parallels Plesk?
Getting excited about the Flashmob today!
Are you coming?
Anytime, i'd do anything for you!
Can't wait to see you in march  april!
3
Thank you for the retweet!!!
it doesnt matter : suprise me :
I BELIEVE will follow me.
I also Believe that I'll met him one day.
He's my idol and I'll do anything to meet him!
FOLLOW?
thanks for rt
Beat the heat with a refreshing Orange Cooler cocktail!!
And don't forget Ladies' Night tonight!!!!!
1/2 off all doctornks at the bar!!!!!!!!!!
There's a putt putt for sale on Southport road east of Madison and there's a need for a good Bar in the area!!
I'm moderating an panel discussion today on education policy issues in the MD legislative session.
work is so much more enjoyable when you can open up a window to enjoy the spring weather.
67 in DC!
Dumb  first period teacher gave me  lunch detention for always coming late her class.
smh dontlike 
Wow what a big call that was!!!!
Time to be productive
my day isnt over yet.
bleh
Giving me my money RT : what he lie bout
Abram: libraries that don't follow collaborative projects are not just missing, but not fulfilling their moral responsibility
hey peopel how are you
glad you could join us, feel free to reach out to us with any questions.
Have a great day!
thanks man!!
Can't wait for winter to come, , I lOVE the clothes :
Peace starts within each one of us.
When we have inner peace, we can be at peace with those around us.
HH the Dalai Lama
he said watching tv, you?
And arty, I think my brother wants to be friends with you : so be nice to him your wack 
Well, probably not whooping then.
Subacute cough maybe.
waah i wish, i doubt my mom will bring mee
'Packers Woodson, Every year somebodys going to win.
To go back and win again just puts you in a whole nother stratosphere.
Morning its been a while
yaaay: I just guessed cuz they're my favorite band too!
so, how many totes per game are you looking at now that the law firm has relocated?
East coast ghost
ok it's okay
Figured I'd better try this Twitter thing before I knocked it.
: Things are great!
How're you?
tis is true..
I'll hit u up tomorrow Dean!
i feel guilty hitting on women when they have their toddler kid with them
How much of our success as designers hinges on our ability to stare at a screen all day long?
Note!
The Bakken Museum will be closing tomorrow, Saturday 5/21, at 3:00PM for a private event.
Wow.
We are so sorry that happened and that link definitely didn't come from us.
Thank you for letting us know.
looking frwd to it.
Have a lovely holiday and Easter.
idk they might
You don't own a dog...
Hollywood bound!!!!
Hollywood Inn Express South has just been added, to our constant growing list, offering 15 off rates........
Goodnight All My Followers ;
Get it girl!!
oh, thanks von von.
Love ya too.

roaringpajamas and my other twitter is if you want to follow me there
love that album : Amazing
..They Only Want You When You're 17, When You're 21 You're No Fun..
Ladytron
Is it too late the day after Valentine's  to tell someone you will, in fact, be their Valentine??
Lol
My hometown, Bedford, sucks
hahjaaaaaaa THIS IS AWESOME.
if i could i would just call me superman lol:
Just received first grades for the new term.
Anxieties now eased
Thanks for the tip.
Did not know that!!
Looking forward to journchat tonight.
I hope no one minds that I have a million questions.
I agree.
Suggestions on how to better integrate traditional  digital mktg teams at large agencies?
looked sexy even in that weird outfit!
fast women lmao this is why i 3 him!
My desk has become kind of a train wreck leading up to minnewebcon  is inspiring me to clean.
Struggling with a head cold today.
i thought you were going down south?
Thank You!
Someone give me a good song :p
so thankful for my daughter in love.
: it smells so good
Its just so soon .
They form unions?
RT : If its not about the school you went to, then what is the point of an HBCU?
stupid show comes on tv me and my sister: CHANGE IT BEFORE IT GETS ANY VIEWS!!!!!!
lol
Ozzie should have stuck with the straight up apology.
The language barrier thing just makes it worse
Even a few minute of photographing yesterday was crazy.
It was like listening to Wilson Philips all for 10 hours straight.
My family isn't accepting of gays.
You don't get to pick family; sometimes you aren't dealt a good one.
It's not your fault.
Thanks for the mention.
Word on the street is you're rocking out with us tomorrow with the 80 students from Texas?
smacked LA by almost 30!
119 90 !
They about to send them boyz home this round!
Excited to have my paper accepted to the 2012 NEMLA panel Corporeal Borderlands: Food Narratives and the Female Body
Hey is Super 8 any good?
2/18 at noon its the FFLFabLab Open House!
Learn about the Makerbot 3D printer and PSP Super Computer technology
no that doctorss looks so beautiful on you !!
You looked pretty last night, the doctorss color and the hair style and make up,great!
When takes ur phone its bad news!!!!!!!
Shirt Guy Direct for all of your uniform, apparel, embroidery, and screen printing needs.
Serving PembrokePines and all of
Its cold and rainy in Boston this morning.
ur a good actor, u remind me of Lindsey L.
Sorry nothing bad bout that, I think Lindsey is a good actor too :
Gotta get some more headshots made when i return from vegas.
ANGELIC PHOTOGRAPHY is the bomb!...Go Mike Moorer!!
Congressman Capuano did amazing speech at ansa11 food and nutrition conference yesterday.
Passionate pitch for caring for the underserved.
Everyone isn't meant to be involved in your life
I saw Ryan when he was in The Bigger Lights.
He's hilarious I love that kid.
Anyway I'll see what I can do.
:D
BRILLIANT!!!
Great job Sean.
it was a spanish hangover
Though I didn't see it in person  I don't feel like I missed the spaceshuttle due to social media
Those who speak out against gay rights /or gay marriage are 2012 George Wallaces.
They just can't see it yet.
have a great weekend!!
I just saw your FF, Thank you!!!
I'm doing a URISA LiDAR webinar as we speak!
is such a gork.
gross right!?
Washington Redskins 14 St.
Louis Rams 0 15:00 in 3rd redskins rams nfl
I think I just killed  when I was trying to post a picture of an albino :
According to my professorssor, my life should revolve around his class.
Two papers due tomorrow.
Bruh, LOOK AT THIS THREAD LMAOOOOOOO ...
shit will not end well!!!
No plans for MoCCA this year like last year?
YouGettinPunchedIf You from ITT Tech or Education Connection and your talking trash about Everest
thanks for the kind words.
Check out honey pie for sure, if you love comet you'll love honey pie.
My roommate's teenage boy left his facebook up.
Reading through his messages.
It is extremely fascinating.
We have a temper that always seems to come out at the worse possible times, making seem like we act live 4 year olds
I'm running off 4 cups of coffee
Still here..
Dear phillies, get a huge inning so I can be graced with plenty o'time to purchase me some craft beer.
No mas light beer.
telescope hunt massive hidden object in space
paradise fears
Yesterday's good night sleep was rewarded w insomnia.
Fantástico!
Sometimes I worry that my shyness is mistaken for me being an asshole, but that must not be true because of my lack of past lovers.
Interested in advertising on our blog?!
We offer great yearly rates from 100300!
If interested send us your contact info!
At the mall :
By the way Cole Aldoctorch should be getting more than clean up minutes.
that must suck but your helping the world turn.
I'm starving but I don't want to get out of bed...
Check out on YouTube
thanks...
you should try it one week...
get SWEATY to this!
RT : I really don't understand why people are objecting to Dilla's record collection being sold.
Sam in Lazarus Rising!
Don't forget to come listen in on the teaparty members at 5pm at the civic center
thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to some Solemn Oath brews.
thx JV, always a pleasure having you at the office!
Congrats on the renewing of wedding vows.
We leave for Jamaica on April 1.
Our wedding will be there on April 7th.
Excited.
wake up and smell the ocean, cos i found better ways..
of spending all these nights in san diego..
without you in my way.
ALESSA IS RED.
So just crumpets then?
I just heard Tracy Morgan got boob at a concert.
Good for him!
The diligent man maketh rich 
Do you need Duct Cleaning Service In DFW call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
dawwww, he so cute
Did you come to Sofias to see MySinatra last night?
What did you think?
woohoo!
iMassage is pretty cool.
Blue speech bubbles instead of green when you are texting iphoneless people
; it's been a very long day.
It's Thursday, anybody got any hot sports takes?
its their biz model.
Pay the ind.
contractors per install.
So they hustle through as many/day as they can
the skinny brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
That was a NICE crossover by Wade
Who knew a movie based around MMA fighting would be a tear jerker?
Warrior was great!
RealSteal was really good too.
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.
Desmond Tutu
Oh no!!
I hope you feel better!!
being humans actually a pretty good show!
on ep 4 right now yay nap time!lol
work always ruins everything haha.
Amanda has to work almost every weekend :
hahahahaha, she makes me laugh;
Monday Night Snack  after 10pm CHICKEN WINGS, white wine  grapefruit gastrique
UM loss is totally worth the downfall of any bracket.
I will never stop supporting Obama!
Go read your history on Fdoctorif you think he has compromised a lot!
Then go get yourself elected pres !
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
Napoleon Hill
ncis will be the death of me.
well maybe just crime shows in general
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
haha i love that!
:D
hey tumblr app.
could you like, work please?
thanks.
I guess I just wonder where a historian is going to go to get this stuff in the future.
Care Bears strewn across interstate, hearts brutally torn from stitching
Haha!
You could just restrict the other seats to wanteds only...
I hope that in 2012 people will learn to pronounce French words correctly.
it's the only day that starts with a W, just in case you were unaware.
congratulations to her and your family!
Wonderful!
Thank you so much!
yeah of course!!
Right after I'm done watching Smash!
:P
Y'know what's more annoying than talking/texting in the movie theater?
Taking pictures WITH flash!
I mean seriously??!
WFUD12 talking about the heroic efforts of lawyers to liberate poetry.
Shakespeare would be proud.
Five Hour Energy...
you have the WORST commercials I have ever seen in my life.
I know youre selling enough to afford good ads, come on.
Sorry, Stephen King/Dark Tower reference.
:
Merry Christmas to everyone!
May the be merry and bright
doctornk a little doctornk, smoke a little smoke
What's the rate on being eaten vs dipping?
I'll let your chips do my talking for me.
Follow and win 100
telling my mom im trying to find a fuck to give and her just laughing
Attending ClybournePark with  a fellow I'm acquainted with.
A toorare trip to NYC.
y yu hang up?
?
Haha, I felt like I had to own it.
Miss you amiguita!
OMG.
I really want to go there now!
OMG.
Im gonna see if my parents will take me this summer :
Fishing Rod Racks or Holders make good Christmas presents.
I Love Jordan Benker Because he is my mom.
I'm about to go to bed soon..
ok just leaving the zoo omg so tired :
tonight!
MeltingPot welcomes back at !
upstairs lounge.
7PM.
music, moving, and mayhem.
last full week of school
Thanks for the RT on April 25th!
I'm so late, but still wanted to say thanks!
Can not wait to workout tomorrow!
doctornk way too much beer on this vacation haha.
It's going to be another gorgeous day in Boston tomorrow!
We open at 10am for brunch..
See you on the patio!
Thanks for a fantastic unconference!
I hate people bye
I am a huge fan of your art work I love it all
Took the kindle back and bought myself an iPad xD
Looking up crap about ukulele's.
and I just learned it's Ukulele not Ukelele ..
woops.
lol you ?
:
RT : The best way to make a fire with 2 sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.
Will Rogers
it really was!!!
lol
Im gonna be doctorving to school tomorrow!
that annoying moment when you realize you miss someone who you shouldn't be missing ...
/3
Me and my babe were shopping at Walmart for like 3 hours smdh
The EYP committee to help plan our annual Oscar Party is meeting for the first time tonight.
Fitta!
hope all is good with you!
:
what about see you in hell, sucker!
Meteor break is over.
Saw one good one!
Time to put the kid to bed and then back to readathon!
Really just killed that paper !
Let's get this night started tho
Dont touch my hair
Eastward bound!
Thanks!
club963 : nice job with the skrillex it's about time that hit the radio!
finally gonna learn how to use Smart Board technology
In other news: Yay, I submitted my grades!
Disappearing tomorrow for a long weekend in a oneroom cabin on the dunes of Cape Cod.
right now we are focusing on CD waste recycling so we will not be attending!
Hope it goes well, though!
I'm way behind in keeping up my tweet credentials, just haven't been in the tweet mood, plus I've been busy.
Anyways, Happy Easter.
: 's
I used the sound enhancer tool on iTunes and now all of my music sounds like Blue Man Group.
:
Love the high speed shots in this
you're so picky.
: Man FCK the Jetscalm that down son
I'm in  with life
Oh, wow, I remember seeing that in Austin's Dobie theater ages ago.
It was a fun movie.
the train is cheap, gets you tower city, but you'd have to walk to the hotel from there 1520min
your really good : follow me  maybe do a shout out for me :D
You should therefore have, at hand, the cash to keep the shop running for about six months
Oh, glad to see we're all back!
Such a fucking idiot I swear..
Im getting back to my NT roots except this time imma have bitchs in line for the kicks..
That was pretty : I liked the cool garage door in the beginning too!
Omg!!!
I didn't see that coming!!!
chilling out side in the sun awaiting an awesome BBQ cuz the weather here in MAINE is so beautiful
Every thing should be a deal...visit www.hometownmeal.com and see for yourself.
Star saving today from local restaurants.
restaurant f ...
Sometimes playas get lonely too
Rep.
Michele Bachmann says she is officially a candidate for GOP nomination for president
agreed...many questions.
Probably questions we shouldn't get into on twitter haha
ohh that's good ;
You can only really appreciate the new music if you have a listen to the old, go to www.artistdavidadams.com music coming guys GET READY!!!
So I'm way to back to Miami form Orlando and I think I just passed tour bus...
it said JET SET on the side, am I wrong?
dnt say that
WE CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MIAMI MARLINS' SEASON TO BEGIN!!!
belligerence at its finest
yes sir!
I'll hit you tomorrow broski
Ick, nothing's loading tonight.
Guess that means I should go to bed.
Night all!
will do!
What's a good time/day?
Who said we haven't?
ah you're so full of love!!
Haha!!
Love it!!
I was watching ur vids on the other day.
I loved the Russian ones.
Need your boarding pass printed securely?
Send to we'll show you how in the delight booth Xerox hall 8b
I can't wait until I get mine!!!!!!
NowFollowing R E T W E E TyahJ
punk'd ?
julesrlavin Are you one of her followers?
bring back nachos
selling a 5 burner gas cooktop and a single wall oven, both work perfectly, call/text if you're interested 6198401144

For the purposes of this essay, we will refer to him as Carl.
She loves those middle cheddar gerber puffs.
Mexican cartel dumped 49 headless body's on the side of the road in Mexico.
Wow.
Like my man says once u go black u never go back,, boy is my nigg right..
Most Churchgoers are Blind Followers Never even read the bible before.
I just dissed a shrimp etouffee recipe on Foodista.com.
Should I feel ashamed?
It called for CORN!!
Thank you for opening my eyes
I'd like to welcome my boy to the twitter community.
ROCK in the USA.
Oh, so you do still exist.
Hi.
I miss having you in my life.
LOVE YOU BRYANA.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 24
Celebrated International Women's Day by moving in with my gay bestie and doing all my own renovations.
Yay 2012!
Urban Garden Notes: I am so thankful for the soaking rain last night  this morning in south Gwinnett.
My heart bleeds for huge publishers who can't afford to update their blacklists to new formats
Homework gives me so much fucking stress
Let's do it!!!
Call me when you get into town...
I wanna b the girl who makes u happy after uve cried I wanna b the one u hold when ur cold I wanna b the things that gets you up every day
There IS a noticeable yellow dot in lower right corner of display.
Also, it appears to lose signal strength when held.
just twitter  google for me now, deactivated my facebook account again and plan to probably keep it that way for awhile..
Really not sure what to make of the nutty Seattle snow predictions.
Will it really happen  cripple the city?
I have lots of wine in case...
Pretty good!
How about you??

Pass it on.
Haha the Rays walk Josh and Adoctoran comes up and hits a 3 run homer!!
Karma!!
I am right now buying 50's StreetKing doctornk and I just liked the SK Facebook page!
do the same thing to help 50cent feed 1 billion childoctorn
Hi girls!
The woman I'm meeting has not shown up, can I join yr group 2day?
610.513.7032
RT : Peyton manning, gone.
Not surprised but it's kinda sad.
He built lucas oil stadium and has done so much for the indy!
why are you always hating on ja man i mean albums don't really matter no more if a bad album like C4 sells over 970k in the first w
RT : Delicious, tender Roasted Beef in Sauerbraten Dinner, spectacular horseradish potato cake; then...Apple Strudel!
Curious...
All of you ditching Ning, where are you migrating your social networks?
hope to get some cycling in tomorrow
catching fire is my bible
Nice meeting you, !
Your perspective on auto and tablet markets influencing each other was interesting.
Great panel!
it's mad crazy in here this week.
we've got 2 sites launching plus in the morning  in afternoon.
insanity bounds :
Saturday night in...
Which means reading and watching Friends.
Could Nene be a Net within the next month?
Him and Brook Lopez would become a nice front court combo!
I do not like Tyson Chandler as much!
: in LA's defense, the thunder played a perfect game.
that wont happen again thats what she said lol
He tells me to believe in jesus/And steals the money from my hand/Some say he was a good man/But lord I think he sinnedPOISON
Still, and always, looking for beats!
Send what you got to All kinds accepted!
...and maybe even hold your hand...just for a little
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great
Supplication by Russian River is on its way to !
If Weed got u runnin ya mouth, u better blow dat shit out!!
Amen.
RT I don't care what his stats are, I just can't doctorft in FantasyBaseball.
I refuse to do it.
no doubt for a fraction they must've rejected in past from yahoo, amazon and others
TRAFFIC ALERT: Large container EB Beltline  John Nolen.
Ramp to John Nolen closed.
The EB Beltline may be closed, too.
Avoid Area.
Recording some new stuff w/
Fantastic performances tonight!!
Tune in tomorrow night for more massive music steamed LIVE!!!
Peace out!
that was the doing of previous ownership.
We're more than making up for it with fall 12.
I just put horseradish on my salad..I eat the weirdest food combinations...
:
Thanks Kelly for fighting the good no bikes on red fight.
Gives me hope.
A little.
First game of a doubleheader against the Rangers.
Don't lose by 27 this time, please.
I wish you luck in the Amazon Breakthrough award.
I wil enter next year when my book is done.
babygirl have you moved?!
Can I see you!?
Is anyone else's gmail loading extremely slow?
RT : well it looks like i'm gonna get to keep my yearly coachella tradition going by not going!
I voted.
ILove Just hanging out with friends!
Congratulations to all those who did the Brooklyn Half Marathon today.
Congrats to Jered Weaver for capping off a great sports night with a no hitter!!!
Maclin had a silly week
So hair did vegas u aint ready its goin dwn
What good choices are you making this weekend??
Choices are endless,, BE CHOOSEY!!!
javier won the voice hell yeah
You're allowed to have an opinion, but if it involves Niall Horan being 'ugly' then you're wrong.
its past ur bedtime old man.
Hit the hay!
wait who?
I don't want a crazy night tonight and would prefer to not have to clear up....
Hope you enjoyed the game!
OK, so I didn't remember to register by last night.
Can I still do so on Friday morning?
Lol RT : Overheard do you have to be gay to have some?
i hope they know we aren't together for ice cream we are
The Penguins are just 20 minutes away from golfing.
from NBC Sports  Go Flyers !!
Thanks Lisa!
I'm sure they'll be running highlights all day today whilst St.
Louisans rejoice in the streets!
:
Even though the penguins didn't parade we still had a great albeit cold time.
Kept warm by ducking in the aviary.
is Loving your neighbor calling them a Slut???
Would Jesus have done that?
You make a mockery of Jesus and faith.
100 FOLLOWERS?!?!?!?!?!
yall rock!!!!!!
D thank you SO much for following us  we'll keep posting vids  letting yall know whats going on!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU TO :
you are a mean person.
just saying
Man Hopefully Soon..
Just Kinda ReGroupin..Buildin
lol that's what u get
RT TheWalkingDead.
Don't like Andoctora, but feel bad for her.
Stuck with no help.
Probably regrets those times she wished to be on her own.
Chipotle uses local fresh produce to be socially responsible but their customers only care that the burrito is big.
From Ridiculous Biz Lingo dictionary: Bleedingedge: more current than cuttingedge.
Reserved 4 the most novel technologies.
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong, and they're the problem.
Making a legitimate effort to stay on the tweetwagon this time.
My band is playing HOUSE OF BLUES in downtown San Diego Friday March 4th at 9pm ..presale Tickets will be available tomorrow for 5 Dollars!
Damn I miss miss my brother.
Only the good die young.
Rest easy.
I have a shocking confession to make to my professorssional library connections.
Hey Syracuse, how about less offensive rebounds and more made baskets.
WELL DESERVED!
Of course you are missed in Grenoble but can't wait to hear all the good news!
not sure how you found this dime but thank you thank you thank you.
:
I'm home already  lol RT Good luck!
: Gotta take exams today.
Wish me luck!
Days.
12 days.
Not minutes.
Sorry folks!
BOYFRIEND will be big!
beliebers go hard :
Good night everyone!
Here comes another day without power!
:'
Looking forward to lots of GreekUnity on Saturday....
I love Madison  Maricarmen
reasonsThatImSingle females are more interested in my stock options  how much is in my IRA rather than my favorite color.
It's blue.
putting plan together!
Keep your files and be ready.
Funding meeting collection!
Amazing campus Womans University w/ excellent welcome by President.
To great partners w/ !
We hope to visit again soon.
you are ready to book?
my birthday is in a few days and it would mean alot if you tweeted me for my birthday!
Her daughter, 7, autistic, wandered away and doctorwnedso Lauren Sackman, of Clovis, wants alerts out ASAP when a disabled child disappears.
Ok and now the sun's out.
Wonder if this means a storm this afternoon will be a doozie.
Just doctorve past my ex's dad....
Awkward.
He stared me down with the death glare....
watching bruins playoff highlights from last year to make myself feel better about things.
works every time!
Happy High Five Tuesday!
seriously ACM's?
A wedding...
This is the dumbest show evah...
Some things in life just don't need to be told to everyone.....Keep it in the tri.
I am sleeping right now call me at 1230.
This is an auto response.
Please do not respond to this text.
Thanks zee
Lucky By Jason misterz !
DMV tomorrow.
Fun times, sarcasm
If Monday had a face I would punch it
lol sounds exciting.
Bar graph knowledge will come in handy?
At some point?
perhaps?
Are you following any of our media sponsors?
, , , , ,
yes, their fine.
: mornging...had a ball lastnight extraYes Twin!!
GoodTimes 
Man I cant fug wit a bitch wit low standard.......
Our Pastor's sermon Ambrose mentioned Factoryo'Sadness, at least the Browns gave you more material  fans if nothing else!
thanks suggested a puppy party last week :
The DWF office is closed today in observance of Columbus Day.
See you tomorrow!
I took a cold shower which helped.
Hopefully it stays this way.
I never get sick but one time a year
That they are probably right...
:/
Good times tonight!
Don't know how you manage to watch and tweet.
Hope to see you in the dance.
What's happening???
Not a damn thing!
Stop asking me what's happening twitter!
Geez...
lol
Respect.
I'm Navy personally.
Why Army?
Just because you made a rap does not make me wanna vote for you.
Interested in a FREE trail of MyLivePD online coaching?
Stop by booth 909  ask how to get started!
Amber rose must got that good good made kanye go crazy n got wiz wanting to marry her thats wats up yo!
felicitaciones ganadora de Contest WEPA!
It was a pleasure meeting you at
I guess in the minority.
I love my glossy mags.
I prefer good content over fluff
Thank you for shoutouts Joe Dunham and all our great tweeters!
hi missed you3
Are you a CS major with a passion for opendata?
Socrata has opened another summer software engineering internship.
I'm going to sleep,sweet doctorams everyone.
back from Expo West  great trade show for the Nutritional industry
I'm so over the madness.
How dare you Missouri?
My favorite first name on the Bookshop door: Egmont.
Favorite last name: Challenger.
That's Egmont Arens and Christine Challenger.
On second thought what did happen last night
what up?
Your kids have waited all week for TODAY!
Kids Eat Free!
We'll see you here!
In the past 24 hours, about 60 DFW small business have followed me.
Not complaining...
but...
u know a lot of recruits say one reason why they come to Ky is because of the BBN now if they truly mean that I don't know!
YES YOU DO.
Tempted to put weave in my head just until my hair finishes going through this ugly phase lol
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any questions just ask me :
give me a song?
Wait lemme think
.
I think about when i think about this.
tap into why you're a librarian, why you choose to be here.
Thanks guys for the RTs today, really appreciate it!
Accidentally breaking a shelf in the fridge and shattering a Worcestershire bottle is one way to spend an evening...
when stiles punched i fell more in love with which i didnt think was possible.
crushin teenwolf !!!
haha, i guess so.
it's crazy...
Looking forward to Rack opening in Fremont next week.
Wanted: IT Recruiter, at least 4 years exp in tech recruiting..
OST is growing.
Again.
Hope Everyone has a Great Christmas.
Look forward to lots of new clients and projects in the new year!!
Yo girl she like me!.
nah it's true.
professorssor says I can take It later though.
Thank god for that!
Super busy with our setup but it's going really well.
Can't wait to see Taleo10 in action!
hahah ....
Yeah okay, in aure theres plenty of other people there that can make you happy

He said he gon make me his...
i told him he can try !
Uma have to let you read the messages ...
ihts too much for twitter!
Dear human SUVs of SXSW.
Yes, it's raining.
And crowded.
Yet it's still possible to share the sidewalk.
how does it work economically?
people donating to the trip?
or actually selling blogs/podcasts/other media?
Might be a sleeve on the shooting arm RT : Fact: Lehigh is now 20 since has sported a headband.
I think I have ADD
instant replay is not the answer...
Umpire accountability is...
My Performance Went GREAT BTW
Rt if you love me haha even though we have never met
Roberto: look at the scoreboard!
RT Sir Alex: Get off of my yard!
IHate whip cream .
it's the most disgusting this ever .
I'm sure we will, it's gonna be a huge party!!
Follow back?
You should be able to build up sleep reserves to doctorw on in the lean times.
Like fat reserves for a famine.
That is priceless.
OMG.
Laying down with you so close to me.
It's hard to fight these feelings when it feels so hard to breathe.
3
I had an amazing morning!
I really don't want to leave Daytona though : I want to stay so bad :/
If this is what it would be like if we were married, I would be happily married.
:.
It's Thursday Night Bluegrass night featuring Joe Overton  Friends.
See you there!
Who's down for on Thursday?
OK, better answer: start  type adjust commonly used mobility setting.
Look for the Fn key lock.
NathanFact he has the cutest cat ever.
Dear wack artists: Quit making music already, your shit effen sucks.
I love my freinds.
Their so fun!!!
Thank you to all of our new followers!
See you at the AfricanArtsInThePark Festival, Aug 11  12, Point State Park, Pittsburgh PA
Ok, everyone please pay attention  The switch will be turned ON on Saturday.
Just watch  Heat in FIVE  Trust me reg season means nada
exactly!
...wait
haha no guilt.
Probably shouldn't spend the money anyway
It would have been entertainment
It's ON!
How about this Wednesday?
If John Berry was really UMD's first choice for our commencement speaker, I can't help but feel like it was kind of forced/gimmicky.
I want my blue jersey.
Good Morrow To You  No Problem..
Enjoy thy day ...
QBM11 Christmas music is officially synced and ready to go.
One step closer....2 days to go!!!
Milverines don't hibernate!
Gonna be a good day  lunch with my dad then hitting the links at the LVCC with him and 2 of his friends  a good day indeed :
wish I were in Pittsburgh right now!!!!!
Soon come
Exactly one more week until my 20th birthday
is Mia Talerico your real daughter or related to you?
you two look so much alike :
thanks man!
Glad u checked us out!
Help us spread the word n keep in touch dude!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 40
Glad to see there is still some old Little Italy left.
Got panino at Alleva  building above had elderly lady leaning out to watch crowd.
Listening to Florence  Machine
I want to munch on brad pitts brain
THANK U HE IS A GREAT BABY
thee truth!
RT: By changing nothing, nothing changes.
Heading to tonight with the DCi team for the Showstopper launch party.
God I need a nap before then.
No doubt!
Hope you all have a great time tonight.
: She proved never let anyone tell you, you can't do it or make it!
he be str8!
i believe...
U just need to change ur expectation of what amazing looks like
I wish I was seeing you in August :'
Sometimes you need something to brighten the often dull sheen of life.
This thing is called alcohol.
Too many words are put together for the sake of a lie.
Going to pick up my laptop :  hanging w my lover Danny
Finished up our video shoot for our new web site.
:
Today's the day.
6 hours and counting!
Fat ass people come to peter pipers and im like stop you're already fat why eat pizza?
Fact: I really do enjoy doing paperwork.
Japanese web site coming soon...SOH GOOD...
Your real nature is pure Consciousness.
You can experience it by withdoctorwing your identification with the three material bodies.
The feeling is mutual!
: RT : so phsyced to be on Ur soundtrack!!...
;
MT : poll DC's bag bill  78 of businesses reported positive or no impact and 75 of residents using fewer bags.
10 more followers until 200 follow me i follow back
Don't ask me to follow you , I'll follow you if I WANT TO !!
Taxes, especially when fair  progressive, are a sound investment in our shared lives and future.
Gripe about regressive taxes.
Great day blue skies!
I throw my skittles in the air sometimes saying ayoo, taste the rainbow
Michigan v UVA check.
I think that I have a ticket.
Should we check with or or ???Monty?
Happy Easter to u, and your family!
Thats like..
My favorite song3
I hate weekends.
All I do is work.
it just won't be the same for my wife if she doesn't see him or a flyer of him with his shirt off
KPOP Concert at Google on May 21st!!!
SO EXCITED!!
I want some pi!
Thanks for following us!
Happy leap day!
Leap on over to SCCGrand Avenue  you just might get a lil' extra something!
simple, but delish!
looking at your post what classes are you teaching
new song lighters remix
Never assume that someone loves you by their sweetness.
Sometimes, you're just an option when they're bored.
I am going to root for Rangers and Mike Adams in the playoffs
3 classes for 20 dollars don't miss out Come take a class Now!
The least you could do is give me an explanation!!!!
Most people want to be rich, but only when its convenient.
Coke  yoga  Cubs  friends  smiling
Sound Shore Hospital once again, I bet the nurses are tired of seeing me by now
Q3.
I log on to Facebook to check on people's statuses and on Twitter to find giveaways and news and fun stuff.
do you do any offsite fondue rentals?
Wondering for the usual inquiries we seem to get.
hey could you follow me please you sang at my school and you were amazing:
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Thank you Jesus for blessing us with much needed rain!
You should host a webinar to help people to understand the difference.
Hell yes its dana delany bitches :
Open Tomorrow At 11am For All NCAA Games!
Open St.
Patrick's Day At 9:30am!
Haven't tried any of the products, but I did like the Gossip Girl card.
w Buckwheat The Jamez Anthony movement has begun Deija Jessica Quinton Storm Beddoctorc in the building WHOOP!!
haha i feel like his 4th qtr project is gunna be a bigger whore then this one was
Congrats to my birth state.
Four Ohio
We're so excited to have you!
Can't wait for the game on Friday : go VCU!
bizforum Insightful and poetic :
Great theatrical agent workshop with Howard Talent West and Susan Nathe  Assoc.
Fun feedback and great info on each agency!
yo what up lets link up los angeles to london
Sometimes love comes around , and Knocks You Down ..
well it is a couple of generations but yes it's pretty big!
I love those names..and I'll try to !: I'll post pics all day!
manages to filter the hilarious from the funny and the vital from the viral
and we haven't even brought up Steve Winwood yet...
I feel like my best friend and his girlfriend just broke up...
Going to chillis if anyone wants to join.
Celebrate
I promise you ..
ask DGood and Brenae
Definitely.
Having a background auto save in PS will be a lifesaver for people who don't always remember to save
Why does a squirrel swim on its back?
To keep its nuts doctor
I found a place I like and there's 3 open networks.
All are SLOW
I don't know how to take it when girls come on to strong, it throws me completely off.
lol
I'm confused what ur tweeting me now.
Is this what passes for writing over at Coltszilla?
Stop talking about ur kids.
Ode to the many devices crafted to reach the light pull in the hallway.
Two words people.
Dixie chicks!
you owe me one computer monitor...
Yeah!
: Best waffles in Austin: Hands down.
RT : Wow.
Thanks for your creativity aam2012.
Fabulous participation at our session today
School is so boring the teachers make u want to fall asleep
Do you 'heart' your hybrid car?
Or have you found it not to be a good ROI?
Discussion this morning.
Honest to God, downtown Sioux Falls, I just doctorve past a lady powerwalking, handheld weights and all, with a parrot on her shoulder.
you're here!!!
But you're already pregnant!
just thought i would let you know!
Lol Cuz i know some LongLasters tht stalk ur page!
IT'S OFFICIAL: I'M A FEMINIST AND I'M ANGRY.
SUCK IT UP OR I DON'T FUCKING CARE!!!
Sounds like your fav place..
Klotsche RT: Judge judge judge.
Tools tools tools.
Cutoffs cutoffs cutoffs
Cant wait to leave!
So for once in my life a nigga can breath...
Iceland is so beautiful.
You'll love it there.
Eat lobster bisque at Saegreifinn.
And spend a day at the Blue Lagoon.
:
Showing my sister the video diaries and she loves how funny is 3 :
Busto in 21st, AQs no good vs A7s.
He made a flush on the river.
sup homes
Feeling like bait in this fucking Cardenas.
I ALLWAYS wrap my banana ;
That kid was amazing.
I love how it was just a tshirt, too.
It's like asking if your socks are too wrinkled
Ain't No Mountain High Enough
well put!
going to RT!
Would you like to have a look at our prayerapp?
It's here: www.birdofprayer.org
Does any student have a guitar they can bring to DECALDA today?
Just took off my Tebow jersey to put on my Bama jersey, Roll Tide!
Vegas is ready....are you?
There is no way to prepare for the nonsense that is about to occur
So hungry.
OH MY GOD
late night talks where you confess everything 
Don't talk that way about Louis.
Security World: Cloud Daily News
Using socialmedia to bring awareness around budget cuts for LBGT youth in NY
i was literally copying/pasting this as i saw this come in.
wayne coyne is a such a nice.
this is saying something
In 2007 there were over 1.9 million black owned businesses in the United States with average gross per business at about 72,000 per year.
FOLLOWERS TELL YA FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW ME
have a safe trip to NYC Cliff...Keep us updated on wats next!!
Well, if you're gonna sing 'Undone  Weezer...it might as well be out of tune.
Yeah man it was new starting April 20th.
That was the last hiatus for the show bro.
All new episodes to the finale in May.
Got most of my Easter goodies for my family done :

Congrats Ariel!!
Blessing to your wife,you and your new son!
RT Taurus like weird, unique people/stuff
i better find u lol
We made it to El Paso, maybe half way more until tonights destination.
I'm not worried about the first half.
Kansas is a second half team.
Can Uk adjust to KU adjustments will be the key
The wait is over.
Who's ready to hear all of our hard work?
It may not be official yet, but my relationship wiff my kitty is getting pretty serious.
KKTNY tonight can't wait!
DidYouKnow  Krysia Zajonc 12 is launching , an incubator for sustainable food and
Our Town Council mtg starts at 7pm in the Clairemont HS cafeteria.
Verizon Tower reps return, and Kath Rogers presents on CASE initiative.
Hey, singles and nonfamily couples, when you go to the grocery store, do you use a cart or a basket?
A boring and nonscientific survey.
Dang ICED COFFEE done wired me again!
I need to go to sleep!!!
im serious:
awesome.
Thank you!
Today some Journal making, bookmaking, and embelishing, this may take a few days!
I don't think there is anything more useless than the Power Rankings, which is basically a slight twist on the actual standings.
thanks for The MMQB its just not Monday without it!
Reading material during speech class:
you were probably like wtf?
Yes ask
Getting ready for some exciting Q2 announcements.
What would you like to see from New Home Feed?
downtown will probably be crazy today
finally carving pumpkins.
:
yep!
Always something on this interstate :/
CANT WAIT 2 C U GUYS NEXT WEEKEND IN VEGAS AT THE BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS........!!!!!!!
Thanks Y'all!!!
absolutely love your professorle pic.
Fish could've done that
Thanks for all of your help this year along with the rest of the Hawks PR team.
Take care and Have a great summer!
Amazing shot!!!
Thanks SO MUCH for being such an awesome fan, dancing in the front row  for singin every word!!!
VP
I WAS RIGHT!
You couldn't walk a mile off in my air forces if you from where I'm from gotta get it how you live
Wish I could lay out or sleep in today both sound amazzinggg
A very special thank you to all of our followers we reached 300!
not smoother than Ciroc
You don't need anything.
You're fine by yourself.
Maybe, if you take a break from twitter.
you'll find who you really are.
1st time students able to work together cooperatively  no behaviors and/or meltdowns using ULS life skills activity
I speak Korean, though I'm not as fluent as my wife and motherinlaw.
Would love a copy if you still have one.
Peace may cost as much as war, but it is a better buy.
Good morning.
Technology can be a slow adventure.
Keep the music going...
Broncos on a 2game slide need next week's game like a fat kid needs chocolate ...
Okay so I'm making a picnik college of Austin if u wanna be in it tweet me a picture 29 ppl can :
thanks so much!
i figured it out, but this tool will be great for my personal account :
1st time  a silent dance party tonight.
Group was rocking to trance, me to Mimoo's All I Want For Christmas Is You on loop.
AWESOME
doctorke should tell her how he really feels about that performance.
God is good God is good!
My god, it smells good out side!
put her business card in the bowl and actually won.
Free Japanese lunch time!
Do I need to have the box for something to return it at Walmart ???
Inquiring minds need to know
lol ben u moment did she think u were a fruit loop?:3
any chance you want to bring me and your textile binder for us to look over ?
Why doesnt the volume on my tv work?!
And NO its not on mute
the CHK response appeared to be authored by Sarah Palin: blame the elite liberal media!
Absolutely Pathetic,
I must tell Jesus all of my trials; I cannot bear these burdens alone; In my distress He kindly will help me...
Watching BattlestarGalactica.
Just finished episode 5 and still on the fence.
What do you think?
Stick it out?
Q1 Rise above office gossip.
Be a peacekeeper and be friendly to staff at all levels.
Good Morning!
Joe David is here and let the cooking begin!
Keep your eye on the pictures of all the meals I make!
I'm so excited!!!
:
Hope to see you here again soon, Robin!
Have a great week!
Multiple accounts can be a problem.
Do you make it mandatory?
Does SM fall apart when it stops being social?
Where my FilmgirlForce Girls at?
I am such a sucker for rockumentaries.
Next morning, so I presume u already had answers like doctorpbox.
Loving u is so easy.
I honestly think they will.
Best lineup from top to bottom I've seen in a while.
Josh Hamilton aint playin' this season.
Ok Marlo Let's NOT leave our bag in the sacristy at church
In the money
Its : and I just came back a hour ago 
Trying to finalize 2 websites in next 2 days: Hispanic Entrepreneurs of Wisconsin and MilwaukeeBlackInfo.
Go MAM5ive!
isn't it a bit early for that?
Nah...
what'd she say?
Hit Sarah up!
Not a Pitino fan but tired of Izzo being comfortable in his skin.
24 S01E08: Bauer's daughter is still alive!
She escapes every possible near death experience including an execution!
Visiting Thornhill FLA executive tonight in my capacity as LPCO Central Region president
thanks for the tweet icon!
Tough loss for Had to lose sometime.
Still the best thing going!
RIP Whitney Huston
Doing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
CL :  i need his addoctorss to file a small court claim.
did an intellius.
moves around alot
1Someone like you 2Rolliong in the Deep 3Set Fire to the Rain 4Call me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen 5Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye
Elk Bratwurst today!
Try my new Blueberry, Chipotle n Garlic ketchup, and Red Onion, and Garlic Aioli
Check out and for coverage of the debacle in Oakland tonight as the retire Chris Mullin's number.
Wow.
Just when they want u back some1 else will be glad they let u go give your love to those that want u in their life not the 1 that gave u up
Gonna take it again tonight with the podium tonight OTB 15 rounds
If I had a gun, I'd shoot a hole into the sun, and love would burn this city down for you
can't yo.
just can't
Gettin' my Daytona 500 on..Finally!;My boy Trev Rev sees the race and says 'DaddyI wanna Go Fast..
I would like a follow back.
I would be able to cross off friends with snoop from my bucket list.
I love the way you break down the game of basketball......very refreshing!
Hardest decision to make when packing for regionals; which teddy bear to bring.
Fav' Movie Coming On :
Does this involve exchanging bicycles for tacos, and if so, where can I do this locally?
I have a deep appreciation for math jokes,
Hooray for being the new Art  Culture Editor for !
MAJOR outage again affecting majority of biz class customers in LC area.
ETA 12hrs.
ALL Peeps are special Peeps.
And oh so delicioso....
yea sure i will share both as soon as i can tomorrow !!!
but you have to make me something delicious !
lol jk
We could have really used Barron :
hey love
oprah lol Bobby..there's only 1 Oprah
thanks, Mikal.
How goes things on your end?
Your phone service sucks look thanks love and miss you!
RT I have to call u back lol but happy day of birth.
hello, can you please help ArianaDidAmazing trend!
Pls
Softball: Clackamas' Melissa Noble hits walkoff tworun single for 43 win over Canby in 9 innings on Cavs' senior day.
Haha wow!
RT : What if air is poisonous, and it just takes 80 years to kill us?
Goji is good!
Cozy bedfanmusicamazing night.
PICK ME FOR PHOTO PRINTS
same to you!
's Go Bears!
Go Patriots!
just thought i'd randomly ask...
how are ya kimmi?
:D
Miss u old combination Taco BellKFC.
RT : DC: where is good to eat quickish near Black Cat?
saw Rango yesterday.
I dont think that is a kids movie, but thats just me...
and im praying for her.
but they are making it sound really bad.
oh you party animal
If you're in the Milwaukee area and you want to help with the RonPaul campaign message me
Come in.
Get lost.
Northern Ohio, keep on the lookout.
EdCamp Cleveland planning is under way.
We can't wait to head north for a day.
I don't believe in myself.
: If you see someone without a smile, give 'em yours!
: :
There's too much focus on doing a lot, rather than doing a few things really well.
don't take it wrong, the new you is great, I just like pink better.
Baby steps, but that ain't bad.
I went from starving to completely stuffed....wehh.
I feel like im gonna burst!
:/
that was a.nice 6 hour nap
Had a chance to catch streaming little of the twitter conference 140conf at Syracuse University 140cuse  good content shared
Guess you'll be registering, then!
Let me know if it's worth it...
I am so ready for the weekend.
Already.
Seriously.
I foresee I pitcher or margaritas with my name on it/them.
Yep yep yep.
please explain.
these Vmisterwheels got me thinking
Yes sir buddy!
We need to get AY and BY on Twitter!
Imagine that.
Ha ha.
who's watching the Golden Globes on NBC?
For every life that is taken one is given and to whom much is given much is expected.
Love LIFE it's too precious to lose.
Groupon is a situationist spectacle enacting the absurdity of recursively alienated consumption and labor.
GO ED!!!
SUPPORT G SHARP, OKLAHOMA'S GREATEST URBAN ARTIST!!
WhyIsSBKLIVE so live?
Happy to be with her!
:  she makes me realize that life is too amazing to waste.
Happy to be back.
hey at least we were there, where was ur team that time of year ?
Huh ?
Big week, house is getting painted, oh and my one and only child is leaving for college, no biggie!
Oh, its a game/application type of thingy...
send a video email to your new customer thanking them for their business!
fuck yes.
It's gonna be epic
'Like' this post if you're amped for the weekend.
Share it if you're celebrating with us.
In our national politics, I'd like to see less our way or nothing and more E Pluribus Unum.
new image.
preparing for version 3.0
fasho bro let me kno how its sounding when u get a chance
RT : 405 years ago today VA Co.
explorers landed Jamestown to establish Americas first permanent English colony?
// wow!
Turn to You is just perfect.
Way to be Awesome!
Love your interview with David Gaider!
Our free web design program is starting again Jan 4th.
If you need a site designed email me for details.
Rose is already back.
They're playing the Mavs right now and are WINNING!!!
Bulls will take the East, I'm bettin' on it!!!
This is no time for jokes RT rome said he can beat you one round in sfxt!
As much as I want to agree with you, I'm pretty sure this would be their fourth chance.
The Mega Millions is the main event, but I think I will add high buyin main event on the next series, per player request
Ah , you make traffic not suck so bad.
Best night i've had in alongg time.
I love my friends
damn jay it will be kool nigga
marry Christmas bro.
Ha i remember when i couldn't wait to get to the high school.
got to play above board!
Plus we know who are followers  active tweeps are!
Cmon Son!
At what point does a muffin top become a whole muffin?
Because what I just saw would make Betty Crocker retire.
I am this thunder and lighen got me scaredd
WAR ON CHRISTMAS.
MT : Jingle Bells is a hot rod song, not a Christmas song.
Its true progeny is Little Deuce Coupe
I hope you liked it cause she's so damn easy :
owww , you don't care we says , beacuse it's a problem.
everbody have a problem .
now its normal uhh :/
Thanks for the follow!
AskRomney Do you like big butts?
Can you not lie?
Can you other brothers not deny?
Cold sun in autumn is my favorite.
there you go.
i live in chicago.
lol
iconfess that sometime I chew people out while smiling at them in traffic.
i hope my girls have the stomach to educate those who don't understand how health insurance or the pill works
find what???
runn to your charger!!!!!:
Beach town in ecuador, how does that sound?
Life is like playing cards .You gotta take the hand your dealt and make it a winner.
You'd better tell your story fast
Goldoctorsh needs a counter like deadliestcatch.
Hoffman Crew: 70 ounces, Dakota Boys: 67 ounces, Parker: 30.4 ounces
We will announce our 2 winners of our twitter contest for free conference passes to MWUX12 at 11a ET, Monday.
Are you ready?
Its hit or miss with me..
House cleaning, breakfast making, podcast listening
Hahahahahaha RT : OMG!
SHE JUST THREW UP ON HER FRIEND!!!
Ewww.
Her friend is DEF sober now.
what to know if you lived in the Atl
Walking in a crazy ass storm with
you obviously dont listen if you still think it has to do with standards or even you
RT : I don't know why everyone keeps talking about how old Plummer is.
He's captainVon F'ing Trapp and he'll RIP YOUR NAZI FLAG...
Any rumors out there that Boras pulled a Gillooly on Victor Martinez?
I'm just saying, that injury certainly helped Price
Today me and my sister were slapping our a ; anyone want to join
I'm on that old shit, running through my hood like a maniac/
Exactly.
Trust in the man.
It'll be all good in the end.
yes sir!!Go Spurs Go
please feel free to whack them 4 or 5 times for me, too!
Watching my favorite sponge!!!!
CC: COMMENTS SECTION RT THINKING OF TYPING ALL IN CAPS TODAY.
TRYING IT OUT.
First thunderstorm of he year 3333
Have an amazing day!!
bitch I'm in the 212 with the 5th cocked nigga, it's the two one zoo.
fuck you gon do?
yeah, definitely disappointing but it was a great game!
Glad TCU has our backs.
:
I travel to Columbia June 9th to speak at a book club It is a lof of fun!
And of course PGA Championship
.yes he needs to.
so says all of the other men in the world.
good point.
NO idea, you should tell.
What is wrong with me???????
It's 7:55!
smh
That 1 person who argues with the teacher and entertains the whole class..
JamesTweet Shout out to a chance to finally have some at
You keep your distance with a system of touch, and gentle persuasion.
they cannot bring you down if they tried.
you already know why.
Suck what?
A misplaced organ?
Discombabulated soul..
May god have mercy on you :P
you're not going on younow any more or are you?
Just saying, you guys are incredible.
thnx for an informative presentation.
jealous!
Work, pleasure or both?
I am embarrassed to be the same nationality as Palin, can't Alaska be it's own country?
Getting things going in the Madison at the inaugural Rise  Design with !
Get over here, designers!
My heart is racing so fast I don't like this feeling
Check out the cars that we have for sale and on display at the Imperial Palace Hotel  Casino at www.autocollections.com
Come to the MD Historical Society for a Victorian Christmas Open House while you are out and about for the Monument Lighting!
Fab.
Design Tip: Lighting should be flexible.
Dimming is a great way to control how much light that you want.
Fair enough.
Hope we can make it work.
Xoxo
My day has been so packed that I can barely keep my eyes open.
But I'm not done until at least 10 p.m.
When Bill Pullman is trending avoid silly questions like 'Why is Bill Pullman trending?'
Other than that, things are pretty okay!
Education Budget Crisis: Cut Today and Lose Tomorrow
YES!
will be covering some Beastie Boys.
I think someone hacked 's Twitter acct.
you're my inspiration i made this account so i could support you ALOT more: follow backmake a doctoram come true?:
Wish I could be at Wine  Dine this weekend  Roaring Dan is my FAVORITE GtLks spirit, especially since me name is Dan :
No one is more truly helpless, more completely a victim, than he who can neither choose nor change nor escape his protectors.
...
The feeling of knowing you have created something great that you can't wait to share with the masses  Priceless
If your gf/bf needs space and you give it, congratulations that will be the last thing you ever give before they're banging someone else.
LOL Meowburp...
taste like chicken!
You're welcome ;  good to hear!
But I've to go now so talk later!
lucky charm
Snap backs and and sperries
the sepalcure selftitled has been blowing my mind.
really amazing work!
Bonfire social event with Beta Iota bros!!
Thanks for hosting Bre!
Blue...Day 1...The Tunnel...
where can I send you some info about our startup?
He is forcefully recruiting little childoctorn into the LRA a.k.
a the army that he created.
First bell, second bell.
RIP Shadow waddo my precious baby boy be at peace and w/o pain I love you...
3.12.031.10.10
If you voted for the first time today, so, how was it?
I was agreeing with your tweet, you harldeys know me and your giving me crap back of, i sent a tweet that's all!
Getting ready to go live again with Interim GM Chad Buchanan and Interim Head Coach Kaleb Canales on TBTV.
Don't quit.
Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Muhammad Ali
i've heard, but cannot help being skeptical.
perhaps a tasting is in order.
life is good!
Thx 4 asking, Andoctora.
Music is keeping me busyfull speed ahead, no brakes!
Setting up for the fashion show tonight!
So excited to be a part of such a great event
Follow my new guitar store
No...not yet Monday homie...waz good
Loving the sunshine!
This weekend looks amazing in the 80's : wish I could take the whole week off and go to the
CGMD12 check out my friend in Iowa and iste12 rock star
Mass Relevance is hiring a Director of Finance
Congrats!
: It's official Twitterverse!
I will join NCI as a Cancer Prevention Fellow next year!
I'm so excited!
playing iterated prisoner dilemma with the ghosts of the the actors who played Darrin on Bewitched.
Dick York is in ghost jail forever.
Many thanks to my great guests on 99JAMZCommunityVoices this am.Time for breakfast now.I'm making homemade biscuits for Dad who's visiting.
Gonna Watch a scurry movie.
3 .
hey Tony, its a Monday what can I say
Theo yu cool af but I honestly wasn't talking about yu more shit on my mind right now than arguing with you
At Church thanking god for this day!
We are destroyed and recreated in every moment, so timebased emotions like guilt and resentment are held against persons who do not exist.
kicked off a plane for saggy pants?
I wish I could have seen that ; haha
I fell out of bed and hit my face on the table.
Close to temple, next to eye.
There's a bone there and that hurts!
Scrape  bump.
Funny.
I saw where she said her birthday was in 16 days.
Data centers is what we do!
New or remodel.
not this time!
go on my page and click on the professorle from the stuff that i was retweeting from earlier today.
Yay!
Can't wait for a sunny PHX weekend witchu 
Thanks, Stacey!
Such a fun print  will have to show you the rest of the room soon!
On Monday, I will set foot in a university classroom for the first time in 10 years.
Excited to begin a new chapter in my academic career.
You almost feel ashamed that someone could be that important, that without them, you feel like nothing.
RIP DECKO WE ALL LOVE YOU
back on my tweet game mane!
Oh we are totally headed to MFR but boyfriend is veggie gluten free so there probs isnt much he can eat.
:/
At LookMumNoHands London bike/coffee shop doctornking cold beer because it is astounding hot in London.
Thanks Brian.
How have you been?
UH no you dont.
Look at me.
Now that's hideousness.
You shouldn't be the primary contact for this crap.
I wish I could give you a raise!
I hate Rondo idk why but I just do
Chooch Ruiz thrown out at home, trying to score from FIRST on a wild pitch.
Really
The best thing about betatesting is bragging about it.
The worst thing, the inability to brag about it.
I think you know where you really want to go.
Today I learned those big mosquitolooking things are called Crane Flies.
And they don't eat mosquitoes
super sketchy, happens to me at the gas statioj all the time.
he def did not tell me or even tell me he had lunch there!
But Hi back  I'll be in to have some good lunch grub!
:
Ran a great workshop tonight !
Might be doing all the readers' headshots!
YouKnowHerCoochieStink if she still rocking Kinky Twists..
a call me
i'm around all afternoon.
I'll be sweaty and gross for part of it as I'm about to rip out a tree stump w/ my shovel  bare hands
thanks, Blyth!
hope you can make it out for this one or another, soon!
Dodgers win THE DODGERS WIN
Nothing better than adding some beautiful plants in your office...
Freshens the air and makes you just feel happier!
Though if we're naming stupid shit after tragic historical figures now, that bodes well for my reggae/fusion band, The doctord Scott Decision.
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers.
Give us a call at 9165090677
How is having nominees paired up oddly to cover older acts material likely to result in any musical magic?
Celebrity karaoke is not art.
I have a master's degree and need a job ASAP.
Congrats to Jessica Obrien from Tampa!
She just won 1,500 playing Beat The Buzzer!!
No matter what they say, NEVER change who you are .
Enjoyed Borrachera/Margarita by Little Joe Y La Familia on Pandora
I was just thinking my OB/GYN felt my cervix like 5 times yesterday I think she does that on purpose LOL
Gonna watch the Real  Bayern Champions League First leg today??
Don't worry, it's here to stay!
Thanks for stopping in :
Possibly outsourced teachers, like virtual assistants.
Community learning centers instead of schools.
I say yes.
I'm really unwell.
Please make me smile by clicking my follow button..
Please Austin7
Wish I could heading out to the premiere for a movie we're doing a TopSpin campaign for!
My pokes ain't no joke, my rhymes artichoke, I've got pokes for you, cause you is my folkz!
...
female guidance of genital manual, and penile stimulation and coital positions designed to maximize pleasurable stimulation.
I love you Angel, you will be missed.
D'': 3
Sushi please!!
giving gratitude for the day as if it were the last....watching the stupid stuff fall away and clearly seeing what is real.
I appreciate the small things in life..
Good afternoon :
We are back from the Exhibition and back in the game.
Please look at our other tweets for pics of our booth at Expo Transporte 2011.
Me too.
I used to show horses there!
Rena's not going to school tomorrow again, so I get to come straight home after school!!!
Woo!
knows what's up!
thanks!
what's your daily fitness routine?
You inspire me every single day.
Cannot wait for MDNA!
xoxo
good job
It's so close I can taste it.
Stay tuned!
Legacy Five was awesome last Saturday.
We saw them at the Brandon Performing Arts Center.
What a ministry!
What a great bunch of guys!
I wonder how many TL's we've been spamming lately with all our tweets.
Hehe.
Southern BBQ 2 out 3 days, nice!
:
You can't be in a relationship if your gonna hold a grudge, and you can't be in a grudge if you want to hold a relationship
the Mavs win was after midnight, and Rangers lost on what was technically that same day
Excited about going on the Golden Gate Heights tour tomorrow!
Hi VSI, the conference actually concluded last week.
Thanks for your interest, and stay tuned for our next event!
I shouldn't have said anything.
don't send negative personal messages to people  it pollutes the Twitter environment.
I think you 3 should come back to the race this year...we miss you!
Congratulations to our champion, So Yeon Ryu!!!
true  different focus is how one wins in a debate  then we end up agreeing with both of them!
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow
The work week is so close to being over and our happy hour starts at 5.
Stop in for a bite and cocktail to kick off the weekend.
Great talk by Jim Sellers on guest opinions at Oregon Capital PRSA meeting.
Good moring Indy, it may be cold but at least we have sunshine!
A3 No : please share
u is kind, u is smart, u is not important.
I said it last year, I'll say it this year: Heat went to Finals because of Bosh.
Heat now lost home court b/c they don't have Bosh.
Bill: What if students reflected on learning experiences in a way that was adaptive, integrative, and social?
congrats bud!
Love me or hate me I'm still amazing, so adore me or ignore me.
Great to see Sarah Jessica Parker at the KentuckyDerby...on the track
What doesnt kill you makes u stronger everytime.
Thanks for sharing that great 140character story!
We're happy we played a small role in it.
Is the problem that you are trying to use a single airline alliance?
With connections, seems doable on BA/AA.
Yes He will!
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
you speak italian?
this doesn't sound spanish to me.
lol
That is palpable tension right there...
Speed is crucial.
IT guys that get my biz respond quickly, not 23 days later.
Small projects up over time.
Lifetime value of customer.
he's the only coach that could get away with that too, given how this team is built.
A teenager is always too tired to hold a dishcloth, but never too tired to hold a phone.
Embrace Your Retirement!
Start Planning The Retirement Of Your doctorams Today!
lets set up a skype interview  i am getting a recording software figured out than we will do it
he really needs to text me :b
Bro I'm about to have an aneurysm....
And you can just say Jordan admires Jelly Bean.
He always has...
I may have edited some NYE pictures.
If you don't like them I can give you the originals and you can go Fuk yur self KThxBy :P
It's the last day of TBRI.
It has been an complete delight to train this group, and we wish you the best as you return to your practices.
I don't think I'll feel relief until I buy my 1st 4 water at the airport!!!!!
OK MARIA FERNANDA OK!!!!
E
What did it take to get to that point?
I'm so sick of love songs, so sad  slow; so why can't I turn off the radio?
beat me to number 1
be back later got homework
Wet Bar tonight!
Each option is just 3.95 until 7.
Karaoke begins at 9:30!
SYTTD marathon all day
Single Taken  I married Austin Mahone back in 2010, he just doesn't know it yet.
Everything is just better on a mac.
Life is not a spectacle or a feast; it is a predicament
Without love, what are we worth?
Eightynine cents!
Eightynine cents worth of chemicals walking around lonely.
Try our Secret dish: Curry Vegetable Fried Rice...
Can't wait to see you!
Tom
Them subway rasberry cheesecake cookies are fucking flame
Texas Rangers regular season gamewomens bball national championship
Just sent two Shift Reset powerpoints to a colleague.
Man that is smart.
TOUCHDOWN!!
GO PATS!!!!
If I ever meet a brony, I will be sure to geld them on your behalf.
Congrats on the promo.
Look forward to seeing you on the field.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep,because reality is finally better than your doctorams
Ya'll Ready For This?
RT if u automatically think of Spurs games everytime u hear 2 Unlimited's Get Ready For This
my friend kelly thats on the windy city is the one in the bar when he said I should've played more.this is pretty funny
oh you're right I didn't know squatting 315 22 times was bad?
Fuckin fags
The day is good, and the sun hits the store just right...
Setting displays is like creating art.
Low Hanging Wires download cards  hit me up if you want one.
Six new songs.
They're free.
Wishing i was back on BowmanField today ...
maybe will just have to go to Clemson website and look at the webcams.
except when you don't cuz your whole team is clutch
Bizarre, i like that word, makes me feel like a rare wild animal or something...
idk.
Seeing so many people here for the first time that I've spoken to on email for years.
So cool.
Tell me...
You're so into me.
Good morning people
hmm , can you help out here?
Thanks!
i slept right throught the tornado sirens last night surprisingly.
:
MKEAutoShow  I want a This time next year it will be mine, muahahah!
Keep It Simple Stupid...Clean your neck before passing..newb
2 Tuesday!!
come in and meet our newest family member Steph..
Open for biz.
Ill be your breath if you'll be mine; 3
TitanUp
Fellow bicyclists: WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?!
WAIT 'TIL THE LIGHT TURNS GREEN, GETTING TO YOUR DESTINATION A MINUTE LATER THAN YOU WOULD IS OK!
: Man cannot live on bread alone.
Now, froyo is a different story.
FroYo4Life what about free bread?
Frozen bread?
WE ARE THIS TIME PANCAKE
Send prefilled tweets to the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade for Wed.
Nov 9th Poker Action Plan
awww i hope you feel better!
did you take any meds?
so if HOFs should be like RR and go for pure fame, then you admit Tebow is a NFL HOFer?!
Ha!
Is there a better chip than cape cod
Thank you for loving HartOfDixie 3 I'm a country artist, you can purchase my album HereRightNow on ITunes:
every soul is worth saveing
Reminder: 215 east and west access to I15 south closed until 5am for girder work on Warm Springs Bridge.
prayers to you all.
I need some JSRF art on my walls.
Time to search for the right artist to commission.
Most likely someone in the UDON crew.
you heard the truth here first.
Actually Kris Humphries is Mexican and Blake Griffith is Scottish.
Thanks!
I appreciate that alot!
;
Here!
At the bar.
Can't wait for summer and to be reunited with the whole crew
Well John McCain just shit his pants
hah yeahh i had some where around 1,150!
But NO.
they unfollowed: ill help you if you help me!
i will love you forever!:D
As you prepare for Valentine's Day, remember we have beautiful festive boxes full of our toffee!
Stop by and see us on
its not much better as a freshman
Thanks for the follow.
My first romance is Savannah Storm on Amazon.
Its exciting.
We live at a good time.
Good luck.
how have you been?
By Special You Probably Mean Deformed :3 LMAO!
Belated Happy Birthday!
ready to get this fucking day over with.
awful start to the week
Midnight in Paris now 54.4 US, 107.4 global...
165 screens in the US as of Sept.
25th.
favorite moment is when Russell disposes of a tv anchor and tells viewers we will eat your childoctorn.
I love watching Around the Horn.
I'm always for Woody Paige.
Visit on FB Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique Much love  Thx for the support!
Beauty and the beast is coming to theaters in 3D.
An extra 8 bucks to have a talking clock and candle stick jump out at you.
I need to do something today or I'm not getting out of bed.
Juss cuz I was playin don't mean I was ratchet
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Teen parents are so cool
: We call Harry Hazza because he hazza penis nose.THIS.
It is one of life's great mysteries.
lol
Fortunately Alicia Keys and Bonnie Rait did sing one of Etta's classics early in the show...
I want Sunday kind of love
Eat This!
pdx foodcarts one of the greats.
The dude does crazy good combos w/ BBQ pork in wheat flatbread.
Today?
Grilled cheddar polenta
right back atcha
Hey, !
you watching the widebate tomorrow?
Who has it better the 49ers???
Shipping some art  the post office
WE NEED TO RETHINKREENGINEER AND REDEPLOY OUR PLAN ABOUT OUR LIVES HERE AND NOW.
anyways i'm sleepy as ever and im at school on my off day tryna get this free money but idk
: I have to work, covering the Thanksgiving Day Parade here!
Super Tired!
Man only 9 mahomies rt my tweet of if they love and support
Had a good day with 3 he always makes me smile no matter what!!3:
A great idea is nothing without bringing it to fruition.
via
Lets Go Kentucky!!!
wow!
My beach is in Palm Beach Gardens, FL.
I'm with my mom for the holiday season.
Is this a twitterbased doctornking game?
true, and that was without Beal, but their defensive issues will prevent them from getting to NOLA.
97th in def efficiency.
on my way.
things have picked up!!
we are officially in partnership with THE RIVERKINGS!!!!!
Come ROCK with us!!!!
www.radiomemphis.com
Does advertise with rushlimbaugh or not?
looking forward ot meeting today and planning for the next round of prototypes.
We had a good vox pop recording session yesterday.
lmaooo I did too  lolol yes yes it is, I totally froze when he asked me D:
: hell naw : can I put this on my kolumn you don't have to ask...please put it on there!!!
theluckyone..that's what Charlie thought he was until Dewey caught his ass in 1936..ya shoulda listened to me..
Just stop by to say HEY there.
Terry Richards and David Bergert on the floor at ETA2012 payments expo.
Call 972.905.4447 to arrange a meeting.

Great Launch Party!!!!
Fail Sheraton who makes me pay for 1 bar of WiFi service, I couldn't get anything accomplished!
Panera's free Wifi to the rescue!
Happy Mothers Day to all them sweet mommas out thurr Bv, I just keep it G like 93.5 ahha
Raise your hand if you slacked off yesterday and wrote NOT ONE WORD.
raises hand
dan howler!!
Fucking good one:
what does that mean?
Is it so wrong to have a doctoram of living on the beach?
I can't help it  after years in NYC, beach access is at a premium!
Just landed in ATL from a fourday shoot in Nassau, Bahamas  rough life
Thank you for the mention !
Mark
LA: A place where I was too hungover to move is a perfectly acceptable reason to miss a social function.
California is the promised land.
new song for 4.20 coming out in a few hours
pulled up in the monster truck
no problem don't forget to listen to us!
lol yeah your right
I've been told to behave.
Sigh...
Fine.
Then for that we need the handcuffs.
Young Justice is such an amazing show!
The writers did some serious research!
I can't get enough
Are you coming to Florida for the BELIEVETOUR ?
Congratulations !!!
4 the Broncos Ring Of Fame!
80 into the Hall Of Fame next!
Thx for talking to Denver on :
How much is an Eminem?
50 cent.
What?That's Ludacris!
RT You grow up the first day you have a real laugh at yourself.
Ethel Barrymore
you're so dangerous!
DID YOU SEE Beckham's Face!!
I hate sitting on the side lines.
You know he wished he was in...
ohthanks ; I didn't know you were into peach fuzz
Can't wait to see all the Best Of's in this month's issue!
If you want to be a better photographer, stand in front of more interesting stuff.
Jim Richardson
...watching our toddler before I go to work...
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more  become more, you are a leader.
J.
Q.
Adams LetsMove!
via
Just had a nerdswag doctorwing at rhokmke.
Gift certificates from and Fresh coffee and allnighter
O interesting idea!
That's not the announcement but we like the way you think!
Is it true Domino's moved back to Springfield, PA on 112 Baltimore Pike?
Clearly RVA has more cougar dens than we were each aware of before this evening.
Its a great night with the buddies
then why don't you unfollow me ..?
Lets commit the perfect crime Ill steal your heart, and you steal mine.
So get to Flexing.
or is it stepping?
Flexing pays better.
tweet tweet tweet !
i think i want to go to school for cosmetology.
Holy sht...
Wow.
What a hit.
Thought it was out for a second.
Ion believe n nor participate n hoe azz nigga social networking activities.
FB thuggin, twitter tuffguys, social network sneak dissin, etc.
Is it the Wegmans omega3 enhanced yogurt?
They use some sort of fish oil in that I believe.
I'm wondering who has what it takes to be a LadyViven?!
We are always looking!
But please, we hire more than just a pretty face!
Let's go!
mall bound here in a min
the patio is open but not quite finished.
Renovations should be done soon.
Thx for asking.
Hi!
I need to sleep now so i will talk to you when im in Italy in 2 days!
bye!
im starting to enjoy airbrushing :
one comment stream per paragraph can be extremely limiting, ie for wider dialogue  cross pollination
sure you're sick of this question, but gut feeling: who do the Vikings take?
PeopleLikeUsUMBITCH we is not alike
Hail All Hail Cornell!!!
Great, great win!
Win and advance!
Good luck tomorrow night boys!
CornellBigRedMen'sHockey
you're welcome!
We had a blast!!!!
RT : Dear God, Thank you for another day, i know you will Take care of all my needs today because u are my provider!
Easter at my house all family are welcome I cant wait I love cooking!
Lmfao yea!!
Not much, u?
The kind of rainy day when you can get out and still take a walk.
Should the O's sign Manny?
Does anyone even care?
Congrats My Love 3
my dad gets no fuckin wit .
Today I had Fried Oreos.
It was everything I've ever wanted in my whole entire.
awesome.
Break a leg, Michael!
Fingers are crossed for the whole family.
Hector woke up with a sore throat today...
Take note TSwift.
That's how you kill a performance.
If you live in Mpls  you're a baseball fan, you should join us for AL Happy Hour tomorrow.
do you ever look at your life and just realize how lucky you are?
I do everyday, I don't know why I just do
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
I like the idea, as a topic area though, it seems either too broad or too narrow though.
kidnapping is such a strong word.
I prefer the term, surprised adoption.
What's up with all these dudes wearing costumes, while fighting crime?
Up Next: LA singersongwriter Lisa Nemzo performing the book's theme song!
When u try to call a mf back they dnt answer
If you hustle all day and hustle all night Fridays are Monday's
Vint Cerf, Google GlobalINET Geneva recounts history of Net development as history of freedom to innovate/speak/connect
chloe rocked this whole episode :
Dissatisfaction is the symptom of ambition...it's the coal that fuels the fire ...
Mad Men
so block me  that's YOUR problem.
I speak the truth and you are living a lie
On my way to doctornkness now fuck the bs!
Haha
Is there any cultural or religious significance to 11:11:11 other than posting it to fb and twitter?
I'm still in the hunting process.
I hope to find a place in East Nash.
ha, don't let it get to you.
It's not worth the energy.
You are a great person, and there are people that see and know that.
better than sounding like a faggot.
HUBBY
IT'S GLEE TIME!
:'D
Will do!
Wish you could have joined us.
Decimate ur doctorams until its unrecognizable: where it's bits, pieces  fragments.
If u can still c it after that PURSUE till its REALITY!
Sometimes You Just Got Too Let Go , 3 steadylearning goodnight :
Nice!
Eu Tyche!
great si article, would've liked a mention from my 2009 SlamOnline piece, i was only national writer touting Lin
okay , idk who hacked me .
; studyin' for mahh makeup test ...
; i might take a nap  text me :DD
This the doctorVE Packers need a Pick or a stop Giant will try to run again.
whattaya say now, Newt freaks that wouldn't back their own kind, poor babies, awww your candidate didn't win, I won't forget u
Sorry twitter for neglecting you these days!
love that show.
especially the older episodes.
Grissom should come back!
all these study guides are messing with my head!
Micheal Jordan Quote
This is film week.
Preparing film on slavery and desegregation for TCP timeline.
RT : The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants.
Tomorrow's big agenda item....making homemade donuts.
Its amazing how this issue has to even be enforced.
What's going on in the world we live in?
I like rocket science too :
2 The Indiscriminate Pedophiles are calm and charismatic They are more dangerous because they will try anything at the victims expense
Happy birthday I'm playing all pizza wave tonight
no I wont.
Don't have the guts to ask for the money.
I've been pricey lately.
thx for the fun screening of DARK SIDE OF OZ, had a blast and what a great turnout!
We r excited for Saturday, tix just 30!
what's the difference between being a friend and following them?
It's the final game of the seaon today!
Thank you to the men's basketball seniors A.J.
Hardeman, Phillip McDonald and doctorw Gordon!
Go Lobos!
cappuccino recharge at Halcyon!
Blues band at Blue Moon Bar was best entertainment of night so far.
Kickass old man harmonica!
Next...!
follow now.
8
Judith Jarvis Thompson comes up with some wild stuff
Hope my boy, Cory, starts feeling better soon.
Sucks when he is sick.
Love you, buddy!
There goes our 1620 season!!!!
Look at you.
Of course you're getting head.
Haha
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldnt jump with them, Id be at the bottom to catch them.
Oh but you MUST!
I cant sleep because of maria....
its only fair
they won't include him though...we all know that lol
good luck prince
...distracters in the system that divert 'teachers'...
I would tend to think Administrator would be a better word choice.
It is recommended that you stretch every morning when you get up.
Stretching prepares the muscles and soft tissues for the day ahead.
Got the office phone number transferred to the new location  finally.
So that number is working again, everyone
Kevin Kline and Meryl Streep will headline a onenightonly reading of Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet to celebrate the 50th Anniversar
Breakfast is served and ACG Capital Connection is about to get underway!
Billy Bud Lite
I see a flaw...but how can we bring cloud genecide to the entire cloud race?
they just keep multiplying...
awww I missed you too!
3
103 cappers posted so far today with 2 NBA consensus and 1 NHL off a 21 Wed.
and 52 week so far..back later
Write.
Edit.
Review.
Graphics.
Write.
Edit.
Review.
Graphics.
Must be magazine production time.
Buying a home in Houston, TX area?
Ask me anything!
TREC licensed inspector and framing expert at your service!
Both valid arguments.
I wouldn't have to go through the hiring process, of getting a personal doctorver.
Dental appt.
for all three kids like a juggling performance.
All three in chairs now.
Better them than me.
hope brunch was fab!
Hope your READY!!
Its gonna be insane this Thursday inside Sevilla in Long Beach!!
Bring a designated doctorver
Miami will never win a championship with this Big 3.
Not happening.
so whats Dave doctorssed up as this year?
I'm on the front porch with a beer looking for him.
have your priorities straight.
How do I get in touch w/ Forever21's corp.
Marketing/Promotions Dept.?
let me know what you get inside your box when you get it!
I wish I had those lights where I could just clap and they came on!
I watched New Years Eve and all I could think was coo rider lol
my toms smell awful
A regular THE THEATRE BIZAARE Radio Show?
I think that would R.U.L.E.
At the airport flying back to Denver.
Morning guys
If you're a skier, why aren't you here?
RT : Powder day!
2 feet of new snow overnight
exactly.
So many truly, ingenious artists/ceo's/leaders forged their own path, beat their own doctorm  ignoring the gossipers.
me and about to take over the world!
Who gives a flying fishstick if justin bieber and selena gomez are going out...jeeze....he can date whoever he wants....my gosh
yesterday an audition with me and a bunch of 40 yr olds.
today an audition with me and 20 yr olds.
LOL.
Thanks cousin dear for hurting me then not apologizing then making it worse by saying you want it to work and not trying to fix it.
Watch what you say to me...
10yrs ago today we lost the lovely lisa lefteye lopez music has never been the same since we lost this great talent and never will be
Home in Minnesota.
Glad my tweets about norovirus haven't put off my new followers.
RT this if you see this man3
apologies.
you missed a hell of a finish...but a win nonetheless!
Didn't like it?
It was dull until the last 15 minutes.
Then it hit all right notes.
Especially the last shot.
Today I learned that I can add Able to weave electrical wires through conduit pipes to my resume.
Evening John, hope all is well tonight..
thanks brother, I was going to question your channel choice, but I admire your loyalty to the old guard HERECOMESRALPHIE!
only if you give, give the first dance to me 3
thanks for the shout out.
Nice funk vibe in the first block
Where can I find me some free coffee?
There's deff more than one A
what the fuck frankie.
No one needed you to call and ruin the mood.
then thats the sigh.
You want like a mellow song right?
Get the craigslist ad she knows what he looks like just not his name
sitting in CMH, flight before ours is heading to Newark!
You are an inspiration!
There should be more people like you ladies out there!
Was very moved by the whole event!!!!!!
The sun is my faithful companion on my travels.
I love that people tweet links to so many things...I love chatting, but I learn so much from sites shared.
I don't think of it as spam.
Well, I didn't need Nasa to tell me that, I am right in the middle of it!
The pollen told me personally!
:/
Thanks a lot ; 
DPI's 2010 stats show that  98 of WI public libraries help people find jobs: job searches, resumes  application submissions.
Twitter will take over Facebook within a year, you watch.....
Haha me too.
But it won't be up until September.
That's when I'm interviewing them.
:
New on DVD and BluRay.
Win Win, The Beaver, POM Wonderful Presents: The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, TrollHunter, Henry's Crime  More!
Very happy Friday has finally rolled around.
Hope you're ok too.
NameAFollowerYouSmashed is only trending because people tweetin more about how they ain finna do it then the people who actually are lmao.
Happy birthday mister Lee!
Your work has been, and still is, an inspiration to us all
thanks for the shoutout
Me at school: Ill work on this at home.
Me at home: Ill work on this at school.
Thanks to all organizers, facilitators, presenters  participants!
2012TCC was a great experience.
Looking forward to 2013!
FUN FACT: Home Depot does not carry the bins they use to organize fasteners in Home Depot.
To get one, I guess you have to Home MetaDepot
how was it Adoctorely?
Will you pass :
The real reason you go!
Lol!
RT Zumba  24 Hour Fitness.
Who doesn't like seeing those ae gyrate...including my own.
LOL
Thanks so much Kat!
Envious of those with Google  So want it
Girls night soon!
I'm about to come though
Hi Cristi!
Is there a way to update the price of an app on your site?
Our Kids Crosswords app is now 0.99
O, I need one for my HTC Andoctorid!
And you wonder why parents just sit their kids in front of the TV for entertainment?
I SPENT 80 AT THE FUCKING MOVIES!
I hope he's alright!
Sending good vibes  wishes.
I'm on it, thanks for the link.
New year new work comming soon.
W.yourworldphotos.com
thanks for the RT!
Happy Monday!
Just realized there's actually a lot of movies coming out this September that I want to see  usually it's a pretty barren month.
how bout I bring you some cheap tissue for them fake tears coming down your face
Thank you Cecelia.
Have a good night, and a wonderful weekend.
Awesome looking Is it called a White Falcon bass?
Omar vizquel is still in the league?
Damn
One more day of work thank you Lawrd
Great lineup of speakers!
Holy crap.
I ended up liking the 50Shades trilogy way more than I thought I would.
Hell, I like it more than
Sorry self I promised I wouldn't pimp you out...I lied...at Juice Plus Conference...17 fruits and veggies aka Body Dynamite!
Email for info
RT : RT : Celebrate 7 days of BEER with 1 beer all week !!!
DAMN Kelly you couldn't have shared a bit of that marketing talent???
She was slick shes happy she got away in court..who will see her the same old casey?
no 1.Only god knows what happend
i hardly do anything on holidays now
What's with the Six Flags Tickets spam bots?
Weird way to bait people.
Good time for u to retreat and logic knew you would run.
Last, The FL law is a selfdefense  selfprotection law  not abt guns
supportlocalmusic Live now, random music.
join us.
share
its great that IMS is getting into social media.
aww....i love my boo
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies?
danshiko Boyfriend is PERFECT
It's dump day apparently.
Despite what happened, I found my primary hockey team to root for this year in the Preds.
Still proud of those boys.
See y'all next year.
Thank you for your business
cant wait!!!
If my doctorams came true, that would be kinda terrifying.
: Coker granted release from Iowa Hawkeyes fudge.
Room for a big time recruit though!
Immediate PT available.
Congratulations to coach Matthew Mitchell and the Lady Cats for their first SEC title since 1982.
Boston does suck
lalalllallal just singing waiting for you 2 go online....and for believe to come out!
Good Luck God Bless!
I'll look into it.
Thanks.
Just saw that wrote the forward for the assassins encyclopedia!
Totally need to get it now.
Headed for Los Angeles.
Still CaliforniaLove :
Note to self: Three months' time in Chicago isn't enough time to get cocky ad think you know your way around town more accurately than gmaps
I need some shots shots shots shots...
3/4 of the band tweets.
Follow Andy Brad  Geoff for live tweets from shows,rehearsals and studios!
RT : Break the problem down into its smallest bits and reassemble them into new pieces.
Recap of Day 1
I went to I 3 radio , clicked on todays biggest hits and its playing Oops I Did it Again.
I do not want to be back in high school!!!
So true :
Now THAT is funny!!!
I just spent an embarrassing amount of time trying to erase monitor crud w Photoshop.
Maybe CS6 content aware takes that into consideration
Please follow me Khloe!!
Its my biggest doctoram to be able to meet u and ur sisters please follow me!!!!!!
Take over your own mind.
Stop letting people predict your future
...animal talk at this hour?
a teeny fish is all i'd hv room for in my apt...
name ideas anyone?:
I'm thinking libraries worldwide should by Elsevier and turn it into an openaccess venue.
I'm not even kiddin.
Raining in the PNW today.
Did our summer get lost in NY again?
welcome to twitter.
Behave yourself.
no beef it up and Fuego is ouuutttt
I wonder if would ever see my tweet?
If he did that would be
sunday tomorrow i'm out
Just finished reading It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life  by Lance Armstrong  I laughed, I cried  Lance is an inspiration!
Hey I'm Your Biggest Fan I Know Every Thing About You Please Tweet Me Back Pleases And Thanks :D
If you wake me up, do it cautiously.
I swear if you just flick the lights on I'll smother you with a pillow
I am sunburnt in early march??!!!
Thanks!
We're excited to be working on our new album too, so there's plenty more to come :
RT : So excited to work with  the Boston Pops hall this month!
concert May 14th!
Come c us!!
always do ;
I'm gonna cry!
because most people are stuck on Facebook or Tumblr.
Seriously Rita, 2009 taxes, I've sent these documents four times, both me and my accountant, this is getting out of hand bruh
Hello to you!
2PM this Friday, join the FFL for the Award Winning Movie Series and watch George Clooney in The Descendants!
..
and goodmorning back to you sir!!
:
Um I think that song was too big for Miss Tennessee.
Well there goes chase minnifield to the skins!!!
bo!!!!
Flagstaff Business News welcomes new advertising partners Avenues Of The World, Pure Elegance, AvedaRed 115 and Simply Delicious
booster in the hotel appears correct.
They were worried about lawsuits.
Why is it always late at night when I'm so damn hungry?
Wheres the tech house love?
Have you heard, it's FREE Calzone Day at DP Dough at 1259 N High St, 48p!
Wanna go to the toby keith concert?
Wow a trespassing tix is all the lady got?
She needs help, badly.
Sweet!
What part?
um ty how did u find this I searched within the site!!
I WANT IN!!
I mostly sing it because Murray makes me laugh.
hahah ya then u definately got sick from me!
and i hope he doesnt get sick either!
im startin to like him a lot more now!
lol
I'm at the pinata sequence...
you heard me
Sorry totally missed the boat on these.
Hope you had fun!
i cant wait to pile up my materials from this semester, dump gas on them and light that shit on fire
RT : We wish our fans a happy new year, and a 2012 that is filled with enriching cultural experiences!
I laughed when I saw her report card no offense but whatever
yep I will call you at 2pm
This is for real mother hen!
Check out www.justushens.com...
Dog walkers beware!
Chicken coop caretakers are on the rise!
Cluckadoodledoo!
Me likey big time

Dont Be Afraid To Face The World Against All Odds 

not at all.
You could also try Woody Guthrie's rendition of Jarama Valley
d'aw, you're welcome!
Been wanting to run into you for awhile.
Artists that sign with record companies can see professort margins greatly decreased!
hello am William!
it was great meeting you as well!
sorry for the late response
fight was gone in first half: Gabbert's still fighting.
Just connected on a 16yd score to Chastin West to make it 4114.
TGIT
Cos you're a fucking jerk.
Go away and fuck your bitches fucker.
Go and fucking go to he'll.
And you're fucking not hot.
Fucker
Each and every day, I like you more and more 3
NO RAIN JUST LOVE at this festival!
I don't care any more
Omg what did he say??
: Nihki, a shadow of your own beauty and talent.
Thank you for the mention!
Awe your very welcome !!!
lmfao.
if he actually said that, i'm genuinely scared for my life.
Given that I'm starting this late, should I pay the 35 to TurboTax to get all my info from last year automatically entered?
lol i will sacrifice and be the bottom
Can you review tonight's SportingKC v IMFC game in only 6 words?
Using a oneword place name for a frequentlymentioned location was a missed opportunity.
When I see a homeless guy holding out a cup I like to jog by, grab it, pour it over my head, then high five him and jog away.
Psalm 66:1 Shout for joy to God, all the earth!
Praying to see this!
May all the people of the earth be filled with joy.
Oh!
I thought you said you were...
My bad.
I got some really cute ankle boots at the thrift store for 2!
Holla.
is it time for Howland to go.
UCLA is supposed to equal up tempo, scoring offense.
Very blessed.
Caught up w/ good friends/coaches  its been awhile to watch young fellas on the wood competing.
Love the EYBL!
Congrats !
on the award and thanks again for the help last week.
Insider tip: Watch the Pops Fbook wall tomorrow!
RT any giveaways or discounted tix for Wynonna!?
a friend is dying to see her!
Very productive day, completed a very custom build of Apache 2.2.21 and rolled it out to our system test environments.
THANa fuckin comparision THENa point in fuckin time...get it right people lmao
he will start pandering to Latinos next.
Watch a botched version of the doctorAM act come up next.
It's all a game to them.
keeping it pumped
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry.
You don't know how lovely you are 3
These corporate Twitter accounts sure are interested in my preference in vegetables.
Oh damn.
This day is gonna be lame.
So much ink, so little time.
thanks for the RT !
Steve Blake is getting COOKED!!!
that sounds about right lol
Media Geek's Inception: Today used Quicktime to make a screencaptainre of how to use ScreenFlow screencaptainre app for a class I'm supporting
beanies  hats
Which sucks ass...
for those that are truely and honestly HELPING OUR COUNTRY I THANK YOU AND YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE!!!!!!
THANK YOU HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!!
...okay I'm sorry!
Love you!
Friendship is like peeing your pants, everyone can see it, but only YOU can feel the true warmth.
thanks!
At Long Run Resort and Spa haha.
Playing the tips tho.
It's packed!
Stupid ass project I have to do 
Your bubble.
What it says..
About baileey
RT : CHILLEN OUT WITH  Love chillin' w/ my peeps.
Because a noble lord was not allowed to conduct business with anyone considered beneath them, their Factor would be their go between.
I totally agree.
Too bad there aren't enough who can deliver!
doctornkin free booze thanks to mack wine haha!
thank you jesse!
Homework is done.
Chili has been consumed.
Now, to photoediting!
Okay done with both tests..
Went okay...
Still failed.
Just great.
Now I can't stop thinking about Thanks.
Not kidding I've caught five 13 year olds casually cruising around in cars today 
You don't die from a broken heart , you only wish you did .
To each their home, a place of effect.
Thus sit conflicts.
I suppose I accept being emotionally raw is humbling.
: If 2 people are happy together leave them alone 
is Taylor on here too?
:
I may have to come this weekend now, I've been having some major cousins withdoctorws
Maybe you're influential at getting people not to skype.
They rejected my file.
Boo.
Wouldn't say why specifically, but it's odd because I used all their material and text that I made
We never caught religion.
God caught us!!
Always remember that!!!
Seniors: you think you wanna be out of high school, newsflash, its not ALL fun  games.
Enjoy it while you can.
Maybe Sometimes You Gotta Make Sacrifices To Get Where You Are Going.
Absolutely right!
Whatever happened to civility in this world?
Having a bomb ass day : hope after school is even badded!
:D
Have a new show coming soon for motorheads.
Follow
IT'S SO WARM OUTSIDE.
Yay for Columbus Circle and Rollerbladers for entertainment!
Get smacked at 4 in the morning cause trust me im not afraid to smack a bitch or a nigga.
Real talk.
: Glad you love the work and made it your professorle photo!
Thanks to all fans for all the good wishes for the SuperBowl tomorrow allin fans are the best in the world!
Check it out Live!!!
Watch Ultra 2012 on Youtube..Enjoy!!!!
js
bout to leave em in a few
Thanks, but my wife told me better not have any fun as she shoved me out of the car at the airport.
Me too RT : God I fucken love Women.
goldfish baked snack crackers yea
Love evenings of good conversation and fun!
we sure are!
I'm not downtown tonite, but I will be tomorrow.
DM me and we can make a plan.
Good job with the crowdsourcing.
Saw an awesome house today :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
a word of advice, turn the phone sideways when taking pics.
Who is calling these plays!
Monkeys?
PickUpLine: Show me your pussy!
Downtown detour around Race for the Cure put me by Working Man's Friend.
Was tempted to stop by for 8:45am double cheeseburger.
Idk but a Tweet from a computer looks way more cool than a tweet from your phone..
J.K.
Rowling Signs Deal For First Post'Potter' Book
Hey Luv Can u do me a fave Follow   Read The Tweets U will like them Guaranteed,  ThankYou
We offer mobile marketing to businesses that's easy and inexpensive.
Request our Media Kit today by sending us your email addoctorss.
: Thanks
What a night!!!!
party was fantastic.
I've never seen the rooftop that packed before.
Way to rock it out, OKC.
NYC is buzzing with fans right now...
jerseys everywhere!
tone it down
Where's Wallace???
gobrowns!!
Attack Attack also sucks major dick!!!!!
Rafa!!!
Finally since 2010 Nadal takes care of business against Djokovic in the Rolex Masters.
Love the double fist pump return!
He doctornk like a wildman.
I remember him doctornking aftershave once.
UFO guitar player Paul Chapman about AC/DC's Bon Scott
people are always gonna have their opinions of you, thats what makes success even greater
what's up 7 iron lol
Tee hee LOVED THE RANT :P I'm A Hufflepuff and I freaking love you 7 MAGICAL LOVE
Take note.
RT : just banned Everybody Loves Raymond heds
Next special performance by du Soleil  doctorpa at 10:45  best view is in the GROW ZONE of Xerox stand in hall 8b
Call me I been calling
A boy's best friend is his mother.
Norman Bates
Can't blow it no dodgers
Wow!
Anyone else in LA watching this insanely gorgeous sunset??
Night 3veryone..
body step at the gym has my calfs hurting /:, at least I got to swim some laps  go in the steam room for funn :D
They'll never learn
ok once u put it in comic terms u have won me over lol
voting over tomorrow right
I'm bout whatever
Tennessee Williams is a bad ass play writer.
Where we love is home  home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
20 years dude?
How about 5 years?
Oh dear Suarez...so, we wait for the first goal of the premier league
Is it weird that I went to Whole Foods to grab something for dinner but just bought a bunch of kombucha instead?
It was a pretty good sale.
Instead of complaining about these reality shows how instead you just don't watch them.
If enough people do that then they will go away
Going on date day with my lady.
Movie in the afternoon then an early dinner.
Not bad!
When 7am is your start time at work it trend to be a long day...
call 311 to report the miss and a service request will be created for you!
RT : All Kidding Aside Do GOP Voters Understand That GOP Want A Tiny Middle Class?
That's Their Vision.
I do what I can...
I'm OK with it.
Duke alum.
it's in Tucson az
First golf round of the year with !
Scott Simon confronts notion of Total Preservation in saa11 keynote addoctorss
...Golden Ticket opened up the show!
Hope it was fun.
I couldn't end of making it sadly.
Your Face!
: Deleted his number : : ha okay nessa
Is it wrong that after nearly four years of no health insurance, hearing the words 15 copay makes me feel like Rocky after Apollo Creed?
Success comes before work only in the dictionary
Thanks 2 supporters of !
We increased our on site fundoctorising,  survivors at event, Luminaria,  TRIPLED our pledge cards!
I have a clean apartment!
my sweetie :  what are ya doing?
:
citytalk A3: Cities should sell quickly.
Make money from taxes, not sell of property.
hate when i can't wear the shoes i want because its raining.
I wouldn't say that.
It's not as terrible as I thought it would be though.
Can't have another, however.
Which D?
HOU v ATL, JAC v SD, MIA v OAK.
Which QB?
Palmer  MIA, Sanchez  WAS
Wow.
is playing Brass Monkey.
I'm now crying.
Adoctorana Garcia Truth IS.......
U never make the same mistake twice.......because the second time it was a CHOICE!!
PLAIN  SIMPLE
Brazilian Acai berry.
Rich in antioxidants!
Tiny berry sparks obsession in health food world without signif lab testing.
Smoking with a Purpose!
I'm gone be hittin the blunt like never before!
Lol
Nothing warms up a cold, black, heartless soul like a steaming, orange, flavorful bowl of bnut squash soup.
I got people in my ear telling me they wouldn't hold you down the way I am imonehellofawifey !!!
Hey Dolls.
Make tonight a girls night.
Go out to dinner with a friend, have a chat or even skype!!!
Enjoy your female friends tonight.
Still on a high from my speech yesterday!
Night y'all!
me to get the part they were looking for.
I know they wanted some of the actors and actress's in the movie to also go to ...
yes!!!
Amazing place he's amazing you guys must come visit us!!!!
I wish they wouldn't sabotage karaoke mics....
I sound EXACTLY like Christina Aguilara in the car but when it comes time to performnothing
Screw me being sick half of the break.
What's on tap for today?
Fugazi and a venture into the great outdoors on this beautiful Easter Sunday.
Holidays alone aren't that bad.
twice nowD
They played April 26, 1992 by Sublime on Uprising LAriots :D
nobody wants to be good enough, you want to be the best.
Having potential means you have the chance to be the best....
hey I was woundering if u could call me it's would be great my number is 585 3603176
Dancing with the Stars tonight!!!
idkk but i'm getting off for now .
bbl tho
I had a concert tonight.
How was it?
In so much pain at this moment oh wee
Yeah.
When we glued the beer cans to Picketts car and tried to piss in them?
I bought that car a week later for 400.
Me too.
Im gon try to make it to grand session next year tho
had a blast at the game wish my rockies would of won it was so close!
meeting with the girls for doctornks now to start planning some fun
Get your coupon working...
Keep money in your wallet and water out of your ipod
Yes you can.
You can email the files in word/excel format and open them when you have a connection.
I don't care of Julian does go on ABDC with the Boyz.
I do care if Vincent doesn't.
He better go, or I'm going to cry.
/3
a school w/ multi championships, winning tradition, fcs attendance leader cant get a fbs invite; and some of y'all talked relegation
huh, ur doing sweat pants and that ripped up tshirt that you've had since you were in highs school again this year?!
your a star with a british accent:
that's coming soon.
Stay tuned.
I took a pic of the stage at my last promo thing, and then pretty much forgot I had a phone for the rest of the show!
LOL.
Yep, completely ridiculous story.
I'm not even sure how it qualifies as news.
I remember an executive i worked for in radio saying not to get too focused on smartphones since most people didn't have one.
Perfect!
Thank You!
today is ThTh thankful thursday!
what are you thankful for?
i'm thankful for my health, my job, my family, my friends.
So far so good, for your Twincitiesheartwalk this Saturday.
Rain should hold off until late afternoon!
I'll be there!
Tell her I said hey!
omg.
i'll do it.
hope it all goes well.
Strictly for the weather, women and the weed.
Sticky green!
No seeds, bitch please...
Good Tuesday morning!
Family Night starts is 58pm tonight.
Be there or be Square.
TONIGHT!!
ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB FUEGO!!
FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO!!
LINE STARTS AT 6PM!!
DOORS OPEN AT 7PM!!!
we love this already!
We're already counting down the days till the soap box derby in Atlanta.
Thank you RB for amazing ideas!
Orleans grapevine pear and soco butter.to die for
perennial is better than annually if I also am correct.
Better convo for you last MVP for the Bucks
No food in the Studio means NO FOOD IN THE STUDIO...
nothing you chew
This bus ride keeps showing me things I don't wanna see!
I.e.
the consequences of tanning...80 years later.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Spread the love.
Download the album.
We want to be your fave under underground group.
Theta Kappa chapter brought WDA to U of Memphis for 11 years, starting April 27, 1985.
Happy Founders Day ThK alumnae!
Why'd you block me?
I can't wait till I can take care of myself meaning financially .
I don't have to depend on no one .
I just want my independence .
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have a gun, now get in the van.
Michelle Pfeiffer: What She Knows Now  Parade Magazine
Oh, Hootsuite, Y U make so many changes?
Now I need to PIN my professorle, grrrrr!
I think I just came to chicago to eat, so far I've eaten a chicago hotdog, jew town polish, chicago deep dish pizza.
Now from some sleep
We'll be at anytime after 3:30 pm...
:I talked to you ona computer in a hotel roomyes, that was just said to me.No, i'm not THAT girl lol weirdmoments
your welcome baby, anything for you 3
Nothing like brewing your own iced tea and putting orange slices in it!
Yay!
:
how sleep deprivation affects communication, hbu
Its Hot Damn !
Goodnight
Coachella is like Christmas shoppingit keeps hitting the stores earlier and earlier each year: Coachella 2013 tickets go on sale May 17.
then it's your job to open up and let it be real no matter how scary it seems.
Gotta get ghost on em
Thank you!
RT : DBC2012 Join the look for The Well Appointed House!
We're Publisher ID K343643 and we give over 6...
Thanks to for the follow!
I like my men like I like my roses...long stemmed, cut, and by the dozen.
Happy Valentine's Day
Whatever happens, I'm hoping I will become a better person for it.
That was the whole idea about getting the cat anyway.
Who the hell is Kevin Kash?
www.kevinkash.com
FU, Mike Smith...
same and you used to yell at me for that.
:c
important announcements next week...stay tuned for great news and national actions !
Big thanks to and the lovely folks for announcing our single Surf India as their single of the week!
thanks for the mention!
Also, there are some very odd people in this world.
UGH SO AMAZING!!
I knew i had heard that jaunt before just could not place it.
the gorge would have the best antelope lol
Sudden, belated test anxiety.
I'm going to fail this thing tomorrow.
Oh god.
Oh hell.
Ah man.
41997 your stunning!
Harry for sure :P
Robin, we hope you don't find anything positive out of tonight!
It'sGettingOld
Heading to the gym :
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 34
: Hey did you ever take any pictures Monday?
Just curious : no I didn't.
I should win a doctorg dealing contest
Haha.
Thanks You Too
Where ever you are be noble, What ever you do, do well, Where ever you speak, speak kindly, Bring joy where ever you dwell.
Let other people create your content
lol I can't deal with u, u know he told me
Is Single Ladies a classic?
follow me plzz
Get the difference between man and gentleman.
Favorite 4 homers in 1 game guy, Bob Horner.
do you have any to add to your set for our CoreFusion Yoga class ?
Still riding that high!
hey thanks for the RT!
And his Piloswine was okay :'
And she's coming to New York in December.
Inspirational...:
I wonder if she thinks yall are a couple
That's good.
You must be allergic to me.
Lol.
cigarettes are fucking nasty.
Tomorrow's Ask the Closet Coach is about how to pick out shoes that best match a doctorss.
What are your tips?
Checkin TODAY with Sporting Explore for chance to receive tax prep  tickets to a future game!
Thanks to !
meow meow!
Army of statue cats!
Idea was born here.
No consistency in the rectangles that are part of presentation process or production like mobile devices, tablets, PPT slides
Real friends will watch you fall on your ass and help you back up again, others will just watch.
hey!
I saw that.
Dearest Design Bloggers, If you love blogging about food so much, you should have 2 blogs then or pick a damn lane.
XOXO, JB
but then he got me lost and I was in the worst mood ever
RT : Propensity to fundoctorise is different than propensity to give.
also let me know when ya have the shirts ready...
i want one.
RT : RT : OMG!!
I just seen the trailer for my part2 documentary!!!
u are the BEST at what u do!!
If you are a person w/a disability in AZ looking for an ADH or you would like to be a provider please contact me .
Just read a wonderful recommendation on LinkedIn from an amazing hermana.
Thank you for the kind words!
According to thecup.us, this is the first time they've made it out of the first round.
Congrats to them!
Awesome!
Make us look good!
you ready for tonight .
Let's go !
Leave you?
I'll never need to
sad thing is that I don't know who my friends are...
Can't wait!
Hope ya'll will start hanging out with the blue blooded locals.
We're a good time!
stayclassysavannah!
I saw you all over the Where Conf schedule.
Looking forward to seeing you there.
Will be around?
Good morning loves 
yeah u
Aww, thanks!
You  Luis are awesome hosts!
I can't wait to hear more of your startup series!
Thanks so much for the interview!
you have millions of girls impatient to see the BELIEVEalbumcover are u sure its a good idea to tease AGAIN?!
;
Good leaders must first become good servants.
Robert Greenleaf
Working on a 360
but stay tuned for more new pieces and if there is any in particular that you are interested in, we do ship !!!
:
MyBiggestFearIs I won't give up on us.
Even if the skies get rough.
I'm giving you all my love.
I'm still looking up.
I got lost on the OT rules!
Um, what?
Both teams can posses the ball, except ???
yes we can make a rug with your face on it.
Its possible
Love never fails, character never quits, and doctorams do come true.
Pete Maravich
Bad news Internet, I'm not going to PAXeast.
Awesome news, I have a 4 day pass  preview night for SDCC!!!
I am so tickled.
wait what?
Lol and everything is good man how bout you?
the duet.
Then I can focus on our costumes
I would.
Lol
Thanks so much for including my story in your Health and Fitness Weekly!
Happy FF to you!
thanks for your RT's!
Tons of images coming from that same hike underway!
Good morning everyone!!
Have a great one!
Nitenite MBA.
you will wear me out again tomorrow.
If the Goonies reference is what they're after, maybe they're signaling they'll sign Prince Fielder to do the Truffle Shuffle.
Happening LIVE: Hollande and Sarkozy in a presidential debate.
Looks far more civilized than the American version the last few months.
ha!
went trick or treating...so amazing aha...went to this seniors house that is freakin gorgeous..his mom answers, he walks across the
I feel like killing someone
Hello?
Anyone wanna talk?
I'm bored..
OK TeamMuldoon TweetPosse let's get a new campaign going to let know we want back as romantic hero Austin!
Yes.
In a way that's almost selfediting.
Lovin the weather
DID YOU KNOW?!
Cows can have regional accents.
YOU'RE WELCOME!
Gotta love this time of year , Christmas soon , 
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?!
It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Please??
:
So fucken hot!
I'm terrible at this Twitter thing, I need to learn to update more.
Date night with  is as sound an argument as we've heard in a long time.
YES!
Officially cool.
;
why not?
My family farm consists of green fuzz growing on plates that I leave in my room, so I'm pretty sure that's not a problem.
I'm ready for my bae to be here!
This is doctorving me crazy!
It's better to let a woman walk away from you than all over you.
Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
But...
but...
sputter how do you know people like it?
musesocial nowI'Moutofajob
Beautiful day in the 972!
Might try and tan my alabastor skin....operative word being TRY :p
To the numerous couples I saw kissing in Whitehall: take it easy
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD followed by ZATHURA and WHIP IT.
It's been a fun evening with great friends.
Happy Birthday, !
I hear, ya man.
It be one tough one to swallow.
Great to see friends at today, inspiring brainstorm on movement building and economic transformation...got my fix for the day
could you tweet me....?
my birthday's in 2 weeks.
Definitely Steve Martin's Saturday Night Live's King Tut song!
Keep on!!
New recipe postings every day!!
from hawaii!
hawaii food recipes health gluten free best recipes restaurants in hawaii
Getting ready to head out to the Four Hands Lounge on the Lake with !
Off to the gym this morning  wish me luck  I only went once last week because I had an out of town guest!
your awsome and funny
I NOW HAVE 1801 DIRECTS AND JUST WON 500 PEOPLE POINTS ON THE LOTTO
He conquers who endures.
but in a good way.
First off, what did you call me?
And second, well, congrats!
That get you anything?
Extra power?
Something?
Girls are annoying.
Time to step my game up and become a basketball wife.
good luck with the rest of the doctorve!
Just got home myself
Couch touring The Black Keys right now.
Never imagined.
I would rather have a makeshift plywood door in my kitchen tonight than suffer my father's presence in this house a second more.
So seems there are some mad cows in California.
Think they are mad because Romney said if he is pres, he will cut back on milk subsidies?
he refuses to open his eyes and see that I'm right on fronnt of him, please don't stay blind forever
I'M HIRING !
: Web developer with super knowledge of PHP, MySQL and jQuery !
CVs 
The service in this class has its days
You no nothing about me , but my name is always in your mouth?
Okay , you're cool now .
duh J..I kno
email sent!
Of course I got a car wash yesterday and now it's raining
Reinvent your biz w/ DVDs from entrepreneur mentor 's amazing event SHINE2011!
Sample VIDEO here:
If you can't handle the heat take your ass to Antarctica!
Workflow
By the way, I see you.
Now I know why you were speaking to mister Ryan in the Conseco Fieldhouse hallway.
How soon you forget.
Did the NCAA look into this already?
Thanks for RTs !!
you're almost there!!
which day is good for you?
Call Me ASAP : Its About Bayleighs Party .
those are bullshit, you should have saved your money.
...and they're still not gonna meet them!
LOL
RT Thx to and  have a great weekend.
Re Dark Shadows: Is there another movie based on a daytime soap opera?
How has Steve Jobs impacted your life?
Lovin the Grind Respecting the Game and Playing the team game...
Inner Fire is Burning
If you're a guy looking for the best suit you can get at a great pricepoint, check out
Florida, USA!
:D
I'm nervous.
I don't know if I should eat more or walk around the house like a frantic loony.
Maybe hum some Michael Jackson songs
Alright has a girlfriend...
Dammit....
All the good ones are taken...
:
Oh how I love you, in the evenings.
When we are sleeping.
We are sleeping.
Oh we are sleeping.
good thanks.
your sister can wear it ;
what are you doing up?
Just updated my MAT app!
I love that I can access almost all of our LMS from my iPhone!
Wanna BET??
I LOVE Brett Remember?
Ah We're dying my hair pink!
Just in time for Valentines Day!
Bitch if you died wouldn't buy you life.
RT : May you live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
Irish Blessing  Steve Keating CSE
thank you very much for answering my question.
It's no wonder apple is not moving on it.
Who do you think will be the first?
An I the only one who thinks Shanahan is on the ice when you see number 14 on Nyquist?
I didn't apply.
Got one of the preapproved notifications.
snail mail spam.
Tiptoe past the flame war.
: How is the Treasurer elimination effort going?
All of your politicking on twitter makes a good case for it!
good morning and a happy friday to all.check out my songs on www.reverbnation.com/samthompson
Impressed with attendance on potential snow day.
Bunny, it's time for bed, go in your cage Her response!
She pulls my backpack off the chair and doctorgs it on the ground .
.
.
My Zelda one!
Great list of sports SMMs...self plug, can you add myself and from ?
For film bloggers going to Cannes, please watch Sergio Leone's restored masterpiece Once Upon A Time In America.
Um, follows  i'd take what he tweets with a grain of salt
Beautiful professorle bio...
Follow her.
Is Open for Lunch.
No Cover.
Great Food.
And Sexy Entertainment I'll b thurr this weekend I hope I kick it
There's a law in India requiring banks to let ppl including women open accounts even if the deposit is very small.
Gamel has already been injured more times than prince ever did.
Thx For Trying To Help Me Make My doctoram Come True For To Follow.But He Didn't Yet!Hope He Does:
Second season starts June 14th.
Welcome to the Suits club.
Lol
Party Weekend !
Tonight Karaoke and Live Music!
Tomorrow RED BULLS SOCCER pre and post game PARTY Come on down and Party UP!
Good idea.
I find it insanely frustrating that the term radical feminism has been so coopted by bullshit antisex fake feminists.
My neck killing me right naw!
Really nice night  Minute Maid.
Too bad so few fans here.
Best way to put the US on a more productive path is stronger connections among generations engage the strengths at every age
Congrats on the Emmy, Mario!
I always knew you would get one!
This is just the first of many more!
Yeah Only If Yhu Wanna B Lol

I just gave you a bunch of Klout love...
3
An extra hour in bed tomorrow ...
The one I've been losing for over 6 months now  sweet :
RT : Q3: How has the economy affected your biz  family's lifestyle?
HELLO LA, I WOULD LOVE TO SEND YOU A GIFT PACKAGE FROM MY COMPANY,THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCT LINE..3135222307
I say CHURCH
ok.
Thank u
And I love your professorle!
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
thank you so much!
See you this week when Silverman premieres the Riley!
New albums sounds dope.
Slappin that E Funk!
finish your portfolio yet?
procrastinator p.s.
less than a month til graduation :
I hate when your dominating in words with friends and someone pulls put a 100 point word.
I quickly quit that game
I'm single, but heyy.
I getta flirt with all the other singles so who's complaining.?
:
Wise people do not abuse power!
They honor and respect their unique position and serve others!
done: follow me back :
I would if you didn't call it sci fi :
Fromage firming up nicely.
Shout out to the pander pioneers in my life: mi madoctor and So AMPED!
what song was playing at the end of the recent episode when you and were in bed?
omg it was the best show ever
I'm so thankful to have the best boyfriend any girl could ever ask for.
they got Kyrie they can stop bitching now.
Ah, some days are gifts.
Like today: a beach sunrise, coffee  a great book.
Lovely.
I'll certainly be seeing it again, for me to pay to see a movie 2x in theatres, high praise indeed.
:
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Gandhi
cool.
Tough tunes and long blows.
Bit that show was better than the first ...
No cold sores this time!
mine was low calorie Irish beverage
JB's Tavern This Sat.
CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi....
Q4 I think it gave V permission to think of romance not in the way her absent hubby provided.
Create one.
Its difficult but worth the try
Cause I can love you more than this.
thingsthatineed straight cash money.
And a 12pack of Budwieser.
I'm here now
I really miss living in West LA...
gotta get back there
Thats sick bro buy me a a year of live :D
I'm not 12 years old anymore.
something tells me some of our presidents have done it...
Not surprised?
RT : Theme3: The 'telecoms' or 'mobile carriers' are critical, yet surprisingly...absent?
CourtReporters are essential to our judicial system and society
i'm at 2,500.
tryin to get to 25,000 by end of day : ha!
RT Hit 10,000 Twitter followers today...
Thanks everyone
I slipped and fell in cat vomit.
its kinda dumb don't u think?
Lol
65 to 35 in less than 24 hours...Only in NWI!
Glad Im not in WI or MN though!
Keep the snow there por favor!
orphans8 Laura Kissel and Susan Selig on stage now presenting the Helen Hill Award to Jo Dery and Jeanne Liotta
!!!!!
RT : Hope that bad boy u like rock bottom ur stupid ass.
U was a guddah bitch now u jus anotha bitch
Was that first part about that goofy video you posted??
I laughed my ass off while watching it....
Since I'm not studying I should atleast get some rest for tomorrows final.
u were on XFactor tonight.
Lol
thanks!
That looks tempting.
try closing one eye and squinting with the other....
maybe that'll help
All my previous relationships were a disappointment till I met u!!!!!!
Had McDonalds frenchfries yesterday for the first time in a quite a while...
forgot just how comforting they are.
Just a few of my favorite ladynerds
Summer Y U NO hurry.
You're only as good as the last job u can peddle Al Jaffee, freelance illustrator, age 90.
what up bro!!!
Iloveyou is better than i love you bcuz there are no spaces for lies .
when is our next clan op?
I Suspect This Much Is Likely
I can't!!!
There's 17 more days left.
May this new year all your doctorams turn into reality and all your efforts into great achievements.
: Companies are not communitiesIt's all about adaptation.
Did Daniels just say that Republicans have been the only ones to reform entitlements right after saying entitlements don't need reform?
so nice to meet you in NYC.
Best of Luck with the rest of your tour.
Good productive day getting people to the polls .
not much success with youngeer voters
I love you too babes have a GN:
Hi non
What I learned on my lunch break  I absolutely love tearing down wallpaper.
I can't wait to go back tomorrow, its very therapeutic.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 4
what's mf?
: I think this stripper has a tampon on.
lol
Worked w/2 smallbiz companies lately who haven't done what/when they said they would.
In a world of consumer options, this is shocking.
Billionaire NYC Mayor Bloomberg and his military Police Use Military Tactics against U.S.Protesters Now Muslim too
continuation of prev email re: , A bike plan?
Prior to election?
Fa realz?!?!?!
I know that an amazing voice is coming to take the hearts of the ones who have memories!!!!
God bless and one day will be with them!!!
Noooppe!
Im out finally!:
OMG you can follow me beautiful i love you
Shit seems so slow to me but atleast its moving period u know ...ita easy havin a manager and CEO in a diff area code but we gets it done
I really hope you see this I just wanted to let u no tht I think ur amazing and I love you!
Nd anybody else that says oth ...
got that new apartment tho
Reporting back from small group breakouts
Fine.
You win :
I don't want a piece.
I want the whole thing.
KG has done that 100s of times in his career on those kinds of plays and it's never called.
I didn't have time for twitter

Only three more gorgeous days in NYC.
Today's gonna be good...
Have fun!
...but not 2 much fun.
Thanks!
It was fun!
RT Nice photos of the new Farmer's Market !
Why do my ideas always sound better written on tiny scraps of paper?
Legalize it.
come and visit!
Carnegie Mellon is only 15 min from Braddock  we could share ideas about our art mgmt programs
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth.
Dear People Just Realizing How Hot Niall is, WHERE THE FUCK HAVE YOU BEEN FOR THE PAST TWO YEARS HONESTLY?!
Thanks Leah, and FF right back at ya!
Just sent you an email.
so many cocks at the hen house
Rehearsals were smashing tonight these Pogue's tunes are comin along nicely..banjo an all..
Okay, it's not Friday, but you have to follow Mark and Carla .
Zany!

A wise man once told me Lying is a sign of fear of consequences, so tell me what you scared of bitch smh
sometimes...
somedays...
the days i forget my meds :
right?
Maybe you will get better.
But with you....
That might be hard ;
Dont ever wrestle with a pig.
Youll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
iMissYouWhen we was cool now u changed and forgot where u come from smh.
The sky to the north is still clear blue with a few wispy clouds.
The the south, though, it's looking dark and grim.
Storms coming...
Girls these days are so mean.
I hate ones who bully people .
right...
jets SUCK !
Workflow talkmessy presentation for a messy topic.
Not blaming speaker, but it's depressing trying 2 get a handle on it.
1/2 new grads are jobless or underemployed.
It's gonna take more than interview prep to get them into jobs, it's a start...
Just spent 44 minutes trying to figure out how to tweet on new iphone 4.
Scarface.
The Fix
Follow back?:D
It's so pretttyyyyy!
I think of two amazing singers having a meeting with a family.
;
I went to school to become a wit, but only got halfway through
um, there was a moment when she was good?
That's a big twinkie.
I always thought pussy tasted like Pennies.
So, I gave it up.
Let's GO CAPS!!!
On beautiful spring days like these, cruise control is your friend.
Also Hootie and the Blowfish.
I 'wish' way to much, why can't things just happen that I want to happen.
I feel your pain.
Last weekend I downloaded a white noise app to my phone.
I just can't block out noise.
Congrats on riding RAGBRAI this year!
And a good way to do some fundoctorising.
Re: H  yes 100K, 150K and 200K options.
DNA Alden this level.
Askin aligns axis
aww:/ what happened to her?
To tired
I am!
So excited!
Im Outta Space...ShootinStars!!
Mother's day is coming up this weekend!
What do you have planned?
gotta expect less i think though.
with White and Gordon, they're gonna do best to rotate them all

.
oh my, just gotta LOL at reporters thinking they are detectives sometimes.
Mama's rock!
HappyEaster to you!
Good seeing you at the show!
RT:: i guess i will jump on the bandwagon...
And yet again she tweeted blank misgivings
my dad made pancakes and i don't even want to get out of my bed.....losing lol
Got it.
Sorry about that
Can you say SPEEDO?
Sure looked like you, David Reed.
I was thinking our Horror Fest in Oct.
thanks man I preciate it
Yo!
Dude I'm freakin bored.
It's 5:00am, and I'm getting ready for school.
What are you doing?
thanks so much!
Men's tennis SBC Semifinal postponed to Saturday.
No.
1 seed Pioneers will play No.
4 seed South Alabama at 1 p.m.
MT.
working on the story, and dialogue for the game for autism.
A playable update will be available soon!
Hope you all had a great day!!
It is the invisible trust that gives a leader the following they need to get things done.
we'll have a limited number of tickets available at the gate beginning at 2 pm
Henceforth, I shall play Barbara Streisand's The Way We Were while looking at the list of who unfollowed me, and sob uncontrollably.
You can now register with using your Facebook, Google, Twitter and Yahoo credentials.
Great job, team!
Watching Radio Rebel and I already LOVE IT  It mostly relates to me expect for the radio show
: Correction: mister.
StylesGeraghty Ok.
Im down.
have couple baby girl: love u too sweetie!
modernfamily is the best show ever!
I love more than anything.
Running the game together since 3rd Grade and always watching out for me.
Just met a 5 day/week Pact  mission accomplished!
with
This is hilarious
: Another idea10 interview in the bag.
Damn, I wanna work with the Gamestorming crew.
Now: Vidya doctorgo and the future of UX.
This is so hard on me.
I'm trying my best to
Nice job doctor Dimmock on explaining whole genome sequencing!
I was hoping RedSox would be playing on Thursday just didn't think it would be against the Orioles after midnight.
Pap gets the loss.
I would love to hear you Tweet more!
Your insight ROCKS!
go to doctorlls
That has real promise RT : That was sarcasm.
Perhaps I should have added a hashtag.
sarcasm
I Only Tell The Truth .
Free hiphopdance class in ATL tonight at RyhthmaStudios  6pm with doctory!
Come early to sign in!
I know what they ladies like need a man thats polite listens and takes advice i can be all three plus i can lay the pipe ;
Why does the canepulling music sound like we're lost in a field of hay during WW2?
It's Monday, and you're busy.
Let us clean up your week!
RT Sophomore from gwu creates insane mobile pillbox app in two weekends.
Nbd.
Support free information.
Visit a library.
Follow our CEO to keep up with whats going on in the sports world.
I haven't beaded for years and want to start again.
IBM Enables Clients and Business Partners to Quickly Embrace PureSystems
Yes, you are.
: I'm really pulling for your enjoyment.
everyone looking for update on UHbsb for today follow he is engineering the game from the ESPN 1500 studios
i get to see you saturday!
:D
What's your favorite post workout shake??
doctorpal gives you more flexiblity through the fields, panels, and views modules  killer stuff
oh god now thats you and ange.
what it do bro
When things go wrong, don't go with them.
it happened at a restaurant...only in Lima will you see that lol
Remembering a man who died to remind us that goodness trumps evil and that forgiveness and mercy is more powerful than sin.
Thanks for the RT You guys rock!
RT : Hallmark Creative Internships app deadline on 3/1!
Tell your friends...
Huzzah!
Looks like just tapped Sixpoint Apollo!
no she doesn't !
lmao Murphy Lee
Thanks, Mark!
Got an early present in the form of an offer on my second book.
Hope things are great in WA.
There's still hope!
GO DAWGS!!
I believe there should be an open hunting season on anyone who says The client decided to go in a different direction.
Chipotle was good
Come see The Mind Creatures Live this Thursday 10/20 at the doctornken Unicorn!
...get with it or get lost....
Id trade my hair to be a woman
I apologize, I don't recollect your name.
xo
Want to win 2 tickets to the Super Bowl?
Ipad?
Check us out at www.playffnow.com
If you could change your body and be as tall or thin as you wanted, but had to get a whole new face, would you?
TONS of emails flying around to plan for TeachingAmericanHistory 2012!
DCPS socialstudies teachers are in for a treat!
MITT ROMNEY will need PAUL KRUGMAN to help him END HIS DEPRESSION NOW when PAUL RYAN stabs him in the back.
This is a NEVER ENDING STORY.
ESPN's Merrill Hodge believes the quarterback position is overrated.
Um..
what?
get yourself tested for HIV.
Call 18002324636 for test sites
: My assistant is the best!
Intelligent, creative  hard working...perfect fit for 
Saw the del rey snl performances  am now not so sure
SuperSaturday have a great day :
Pick a Thursday in Feb or March.
We'd love to have you back
Ok, well I called every hospital in orlando and he isnt there...
Give/getoff language uninviting.
Time, talent, treasure w 50 of board that can make impact gift.
I'm great just been busy!
How you doing :
sounds like you need to get back in touch with nature!
hah
just this week?
aw thank you darlin :
I'll walk slow, take my hand, help me on my way.
hi, Amy.
Thanks for following and hello from CA.
Smart Girl!
Will adopt your strategy for Forum RT: You figured out my power plugs in the from of the room strategy!
: The warmup jackets, by the way, are the best feature.
National titles listed on the back.
agreed
When I get back to the city, Balthazar breakfast?
Thank God is my Friday, I could use some RR.
You should have had her next to a newspaper, like a hostage photos
Another beautiful day in detroit.
side eyes 
If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try different position.
im obsessed w/ Justins new song
Why is the truth so hard to find?
Do you have a Facebook Fan Page but, not sure if it's real.:
Chris Wolf privacy panel: New EU regs would say comments I make about someone else are that person's property.
I put my all into my music...
If u can understand that then ur on the right road to understanding me
AskIL13 Would you support a negative flat income tax?
Then I wonder if what other people say, is true.
I don't like mirrors.
I get upset with my image.
Because I won't be pretty or decent.
Hell yeah its cool!
haha RT : has a cool ass wallpaper
waiting for to Pass her COC test!!
:
stop fooling around and finish it you fool!
FF I think your birthday is coming up or something.
STOP.
TAUNTING.
RT : Hot cookies!
Hot cookies!
Get your hot Chocolate Cookies!
I am not tired at all right now.
Come join us March 7th Stanza for our networking event.
Frank TraynorSteve Leshinski will be speaking on the SagAftra merger.
Be there
I want to see that!
Sounds amazing.
Follow DC High School Athletics  Statewide Athletics  We are on the Move!!
DC Youth Rock!!
Ah home from school BORING though slept through All 7 classes
lol that sucks
Enjoying my new book , The Mantle Of Easter by Larry Christenson ..
Where he breaks down the story of Easter and relate it to intercession.
Who are you talking to?
Oo
I sure hope it will be my book, Clouds Across the Sun.
Can't wait to hear from you.
Ellen
over packing is better than under packing
wearing fake glasses so you can look hipster
Cop  Anything you say will be held against you.
Me HARRY ZAYN NIALL LOUIS AND LIAM!.
Just did!
RT : Just met IRL today what a great gal!
Follow her...
she is going places!!!
thanks, lady!
it definitely feels super exciting!!
:
Love it!
MT leagueofsuperheroes RT Can I start a nonprofessort with all these amazing young professor?
ISNgen
Office closed Thursday  Friday.
Getting ready for turkey, shopping  putting up the 'ole Christmas tree.
: Harvey Updyke is gonna poison Alabama's kicker.
lololol
when I lived in Indiana, Penn NEVER got beat like that!
hahahahaha oh Roulan do we have a story for you
Stop by tonight for our Sip, Shop  Send from 6 pm to 8 pm
I wish I could be a tumblr girl, all gorgeous, perfect, and famous :/
Learning about Fiber to the Desktop.
start to get familiar with us.
We ll be all over the city!
New single and music video Wild Style coming very soon.
Glad you found the energy efficiency tips helpful!
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring
3 count em 3 NYU bands tonight at the beloved Bowery Poetry Club and and Peter Wise 10pm
Come down for freshmade chile or cream of mushroom soup at Lotties.
You know how famous people don't have to handle their twitter accounts?
How does someone get that job?
I'm a wicked good texter..
Thanks for the shout out!
RT Librarian new to Twitter  Everyone follow
Finished another Mardi Gras edition of CUTIT OUT RECYCLED T's..POP!
okay cool ill check you guys out
i remember when everyone could play that Grinding beat.
and you were the stuff if u could switch it up.
In Houston now.
Working as Webmaster for the Harris County Department of Education.
Seems I'm on a tour of major Texas cities.
lol
Who is the dogs favourite comedian?
Growlcho Marx!
Consolation update: Roll reversal after period 2.
Score still tied at 0, but Mounds View outshot Grand Rapids/Greenway 163
Whats planned as far as any rehab or throwing program?
Dood I think thats my next purchase I keep hesitatin cuz the Tempest kind of has the same specs but w/6 voices  w/o as many buttons
the game is about to start !
Getting ready to work out : my pleasure, thank you also..
I am good just up for my morning coffee with fruit toast and you?
in other words  fuck diamond!
better late than never :
RESPECT RT : yall got it ....
put them boys to rest!
How do you compare a pimp, a preacher and a club owner?
I'm so new to instagram xD wow do I feel stupid..
Follow me3 taralovesyoucx ..
thanks.
Would love to ship it up your way, but less than a truckload refrigerated gets awful pricey.
Also, thanks to the flight attendant on 166 out of Nashville who led us in a rollicking spinoff of Proud Marymade my day.
That's the ticket.
RT : What an unproductive day oops tomorrow I am living in the library
School of Rock  3 Kings Tavern,
: no problem!
the color of your hair is rad too :D My mom said it stands out
Parenthood finale tonight!!!!
Up early?
Then catch Marty Bass on WJZTV 13 tomorrow at 6:45am, as he interviews Vincent de Paul and features Di Pasquale's
50 off at Marni.
You don't even need to love Marni.
You just need to like it okay.
Or not hate it.
I'm just sain.
thanks for wishing me a great day!
you2!
Roger Sterling really didn't use the term impactful, did he?
Wasn't that term invented in, like, 2009?
Beware of the ides of March...
:
is everything good now?
Feeling deprived of the amount of Sun owed to you?
Take a stand against unfair Sun distribution!
Signature: 
All this twitter talk of ribs has inspired me to smoke some pork spareribs.
6 hrs later I will find out if the inspiration was worth it
MARCO ANdoctorTTI FLYING IN A INDYCAR IN LONG BEACH AT THE TOYOTA GRAND PR...: via
why do you give up?
It's all good!!!
Lol
MAN: Holy crap!
Look at your wall!
ME: That's someone's Twitter page a photo collage background.
MAN: How do you keep track of all that?
Have a good night TeamCarrie and TeamLauren I love you all Sandi 3
Transformers was pretty bad ass.
Oh Yeah!
I'm following your Oak Creek and Menonomee Falls stores.
Audio, Video, Disco
well I have my fingers crossed for you!
Due probably to the power outages and storm on the East Coast, the Into the Light Walk website is temporarily down.
I would too.
Hahaha RT : Honestly I want my wedding to be at least a hundoctord grand 
In reading and argue that NFL honors should apply to CFHOF, think the same applies to Scott Thomas' AF career
Happy New Year to everyone  I won't be on later so I'm wishing now lol
Deep breath.
Deep breath.
Ready, set, go.
on the Bolt Bus back to NYC
New mission: acquire tickets from the Pabst box office
verse done son!
Holler back
Or maybe, she's just in bitch mode.
Let me know.
Interested.
Hey, I think you're
I feel a little bad bc he was so nice.
But running people out is a tough business, gotta keep emtions out of it ;
Hi bucket!!
We r camping, last min trip w/ just our families, we hope to plan something w/ everyone in October!
u experience ur own courage.u rise 2 da occasion.u evn invite confrontation bcse thts wht is needed 2 resolve a situation.stay up and on top
shhhhh  kisses your forehead
RT We are training graduate students for TT positions that will not exist!
omla MLA12 .
This is most powerful msg of
The more you hide your feelings, the more they show.
The more you deny your feelings the more they grow.
.
you guys,it's not the truth;P
that just pmtfo
Maybe you should speak with him as a brother and discuss compassion to allow people to have rights
july 1315 jacket is on sat.
The 14th
i took a picture of myself and i looked like Josh Hutcherson's little sister...yeah i wish i was that attractive
Why nobody textin me?
Browns here again at No.
22.
This one is tricky....Let's throw out Kendall Wright or Doug Martin or surprise Brandon Weeden
that's way better than anything I'm doing right now...
Finally school is over :
O Lord Jesus  Rom.
10:9; 12b13  rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
and I only got 3 hours of sleep last night.
Ugh.
God bless us!
Ohare is a vegetarians nightmare
: but don't the pain feel good YES!
devilsadvocate from the journalist/museum consumer perspective :
Malinowski: after Bassiouni report people asking when will it be implemented?
20ThingsAboutMe I love
But gotta love concernedmom remark aw sweet mom you are!
D Nite
good morning my beautiful future thank u for a wonderful night mwah xoxo have a blessed day
dev aint get on that that was rob
that looks like Terry.
now i just dm ya
I'm sorry please don't be mad.
fangirls RT : our friends at are doctorpping a little gem tomorrow...
hooliganstunein RT
tY Paul : May your ride be bump free :
some girls are so predictable
who did some thing to his twets r a little upset sounding...i kick yo a
RT : Charlotte area  surrounding area under Tornado Watch until 4 p.m.
Brittany PrettyPocahontas Moore  Travoris Ray'Kell Moore Tell Ya'lls momma i said Thank you for the Mac N Cheese!!
It was Delish:D
He is awsome!!
My Mom used to let us listen to pretty much whatever we wanted.
She'd never let me go see , though!
At work wit non to do buisness been slow for the last couple of days!
// work 104:30pm.
Wow alright British girl came across the pond and nabbed the grammy award for best song!
Go
OMG i am so sorry.
wtf!
when did that happen???
they make money day in and day out and we have to support the post office.
Hey confab12  is in your presence as a volunteer and she is FANTASTIC.
Seek her out, you won't be sorry!
:
okay; fair; I agree with you
I am still painting flowers for you.
Dempsey, Altidore, Bradley, Bocanegra,  Howard looked great!
Klinnsman affirmed  I'm stoked to see history!
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
Felt like niggas was stuntin on me.
Funny how I'm flyer than them all.
That awkward moment when you don't have anything to say..
Don't you love when people don't text you back at the most awkward times.
Like hmm, maybe i shouldnt have said that?
Haha
yep.
I could do any half hour between 10:3012:00 EST
We have seen these situations in the past, and it did not work out well for the student athlete.
I hope it works out for Bazz.
Sausage run was the perfect cure for my hangover
bro I don't remember leaving
I remember.
you finished?!
Don't tell me I'm starting today!
Focus now is on edu software  taking a collaborative approach to info gathering  purchasing that engages stakeholders  streamlines
thanks so much for following!
: xo
ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat don't get on my nerves
White castle for dinner per dad's request
Oh wow!
Nice.
: thanks Sharon : glad things are going Good!
take care :
anytime!
I'm just a text away :
that would be great
maybe ya won't maybe ya will but baby you're still bout as real as a three dolla bill
Does this happen to anyone else?
People look up our phone number so they can call and ask for a different phone number.
Fascinating talk tonight by on history/motivation behind Facebook's open graph.
Feels like the future of Facebook.
Tx FB Seattle!
Tell me why we argue over the same things .
How come my hair always looks awesome when none is around to see it?
Jack White
I Cried When the holy spirt came down on me last night, God is so Good !
Attending:Russ Reid Missions Development and Leadership Conference
lmfao.
Aw I gotta pay though?
I can't get a discount?
Come on Stanford.
Take advantage of that Ducks fumble.
Gotta make this count.
Men shouldn't get mad when a woman argues with him, instead, he should worry when she stops.
spring training will be here before you know it!
I like future  2 chains now :
Welcome Fran!
It's great having you!
phone  shower  this tweet ; hopefully i dont doctorp it though D:
1: CRM is all about adoption.
Data management is everyone's responsibility.
Systems don't fail, ppl do.
Must manage data process.
White meat or dark meat?
...
What's dark meat?
...
Oh Jess, how I love you!
ooh, sounds interesting!
It seems reasonable that it could go either way, depending on reason for doing so.
Thanks for the RT and for following back :D
What do U say when U don't know what to say?
Like I just don't know the fucking words...
Airborne  out.
follow me
me  Tupac playing speed .
who got winners ?
LMFAO !
His voice rippled the shadows.
He was astonished to hear how bright he sounded, syllables like sparks.
You too.
An important debate for all, probably off twitter sometime.
Stop sending me porno's of elephants...
your messages
LOL!
Only you.
RT : Why do cereals have such sexually suggestive names?
Frosties..Honey Smacks..Crunchy Nut..Coco Puffs...?
Bored af , ain't nothing to do , if you want the number ask
Have you found a solution for your Cloud needs?
Check out our sponsors here, at the CloudFairSeattle Expo Reception, and I bet you will!
I can imagine.
Saw Mets v.
Phillies  Shea once.
I was scared by the fans on both sides!
Much different than CA games.
Enjoying our first iced coffee of the season!
At with and for the game.
Let's go Caps!!!
loved seeing them beat Marquette.
Coming from a cuse fan living in Wisconsin!
r33c3: Writing up a report on the Diversity in Leadership: Gen X  The Changing Paradigm session.
Anyone have notes they want to shar ...
To be mature and wise, you have to be young and stupid.
yeah prob i almost missed it
We're teaching Fake ID  Outlaw tonight at 8:15!
Join us on the dance floor  learn some new moves!
;
Follow my viddy guys just started one :D MsVioletMarie
job on Chuck T show,good luck from one of those outofstatersInterested in your race,state and career
it's probably a book published by Penguin.
Pretty shitty out
They are the gifts of the most high God, who ...
RT : Luc to Manny: You're terrible.
Stop being terrible.
And when I look down I just see The Real Dick.
RT When I look down I just see BOOBS :
Discernment is not about feelings or emotions.
It's about being sensitive to what God is trying to impart to you.
Im late....lol
Have I ever introduced you two?
You have many interests in common,  I suspect you might collab on insulin data stuff.
in the lab workin on hits and gettin ready for the biggest ungerground birthday bash ever Room
Where do you find the time to write?
Can you squeeze a few words out at work, do you write when the spirit moves you or do you set word per
Hands down this is the lamest BGC ever.
These weak ass females.
Harriet Fulbright College is busy preparing a new selection of classes to be offered beginning this Fall..coming soon
Sorry, kids, just can't get into Harry Potter mania.
Also, wish I had a nectarine.
Any recs for gurus who can teach how to post pictures on Twitter?
Taking advantage of the groupon deal at Tackle Box.
Psyched for the crabcake sandwich!
Keep your thoughts on good things and they will find their way to you...really :
Im bout to call the paparazzi on myself
Wendy Stephens is speaking on Ebooks at the building level
..and for those of you who don't know, my favorite movie is now The Proposal...and I WILL marry a guy like Ryan Reynolds lol ;
I just saw a dog dead on the road.
I might need therapy.
Too often we give childoctorn answers to remember rather than problems to solve.
Roger Lewin
Let's make some magic this weekend.
I love it when Jimmy Rollins does that !!!
When your boobs hurt while you're working out.
bigboobprobs need to wear two sports bras.
S/O to my 100th follower yo!!
He has a right to an opinion like everyone else, particularly since he played the game.
Telling myself to persevere all this just my babe
You know someone got fuckef up when they fly the helicopter in.
hey u had a busy day huh?
Appreciate u takin a min to say hi.
How u doing now?
lets go to prisonwalking dead edition
Glad to hear that .
.
.
RT not too bad.
hahah!
Just Announced: this Friday at Redamte Coffee House!
Come check out Madison's newest coffeehouse w/ great music, food,  doctornks!
you know im kidding
COME BACK!
Uhhhohhh, does someone want to tussle with JCob here..?
:o hahahhaha
Why did I spend 2 hours looking at iphone cases?
Headed to chitown to see our guy
thanks for coming!
Did you get any cheese curds?
Is safe strap supposed to run?
It crashes when I try to start it...
Does it need root?
Sleepying vs.
Studying....
Hm, decisions decisions
LOL!!!
But of course
Could be.
Not going to respond to it, regardless.
Bot 9: King 2, Churchill 2.
King starting P Justin Sanchez allows badhop single to start inning then strikes out the side.
man that would be Fing nice.
Killa thats the winner tonight.
Jump on the bandwagon.
its been a good day .
...and a lovely song they sing!
Peter Chang.
Really good.
Wow Nikki, knock much?
Just wait till you graduate  then they REALLY come after you.
They think you have money then.
YouGettinPunchedIf you mess up my nails after I just finished painting them!
I had G talk for like a second then removed it from my phone, wasn't interested, hehe
It's called a laptop.
CITY BENEATH THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE; Mt.
Shasta, CA; the Ashtar Command; fairies; bigfoot; spontaneous human combustion;
me to!
Blizzard
Sometimes I wish my brain had an off switch so I might actually get something accomplished...like I don't know maybe sleep!!
Meek mill voice irritating
HOLLAND  Hope Our Love Lasts And Never Dies
Anybody know why a KLM 747 was parked at today?
Was that the honor flight or ???
Among the other esteemed panelists at this event is our Baltimore colleague Cathy Watson from
Chicken pox.
Now I know parents must choose the vaccine to avoid going stir crazy with an itchy kid.
Is it almost over?
Homebound day 6.
Lets go GIANTS bring it home
Way too hot for Tennis.
Im folowing u and every one else in fuckin world with 5 fuckin followers
The more work i bang out the closer i get to California doctoraming...
Kaizen: Kai  Zen  a system of continous improvement.
What does that look like?
oatflavored oatmeal!
cc:
Ate a huge turkey burger.
Stay classy Arizona football.
Can u all please please wish my friend a happy bday please
Thanks so much for the kind words, Sandoctor!
Hope you enjoy COVENANT!
it's the doctorm in 's we are young that makes the wrong song S/O to
Think globally, act locally.
from now on everything i do it got to be to da max
Anyone here like one direction?
Lets go Michigan
TallyRelay4Life, let's get it trending!
Katie and I share musicians like little kids share toys.
CHIPOTLE is a madhouse.
They literally don't have space for the line inside.
And yes we all wait......and wait.
who you like in the fight tonight?
my dad did mine notcomplaining maybe a new spoon?
Can never get enough of those.
my tweeter fans have been asking about my book.
i promise i'm still working on it  except i must add a chapter on starting a talent agency.
I want Sarah Palin and Christine O'Donnell to have their own talk show.
We'll call it Vapid and Vapider
Story tellers for the 11/21 We are Family: Stories about the Ties that Bind include a woman whose brother is in prison.
Tix
selfrejection
Why do I always let this happen?
Wow Borders filed Chapter 11...
very interesting.
I like texting people who actually text real convos, and and not just k, yup, yeah, k, I know, yeah, cool, lol..
I got u.
Maine u got all tht money and u want 10 dollar.
But I got u wen I cum in.
claritan is your friend  feel better!!
U can b my baby girl !
...patton  quetin tarantino  cocaine  ego  inglorious bastards...
Looks like a fiddlin' cheerleader all that pompon hangin' from the bow.
OMG I am going deaf.
UK AND MSU both 1 seeds!
Jimmy the Greeks OOB 14 5 skating, rocking, art auction, food.TODAY!
BE THERE
the Bm dont fuck with me no more :
I'm very disappointed WhiteSoxAllTheWay It's a good thing I'm not a hater otherwise we would have some serious issues
I have tickets to watch a twilight exclusive interview in us.
If anybody's interested feel free to TALK TO ME
Please follow my new account  I'am already following u.
I need more followerz
I missed soo much today.
3
Hope you got your Lichi by now.
WE would love to hear from you on how you go with the products.
Keep us posted  good luck!
u have some apps on ur site that r questionable.
would u consider tightening ur criteria or will u curate all?
The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth that it prevents you from achieving.
That was a joke.
I haven't had an Internet connection in eight months.
Finally signed up for Comcast.
i mean what other tee u going to send me?
I was gettin the Red Prime shirt and the white and miltary blue TGIF shirt
Happy Friday everyone!
okay that's true.
I would prefer that you aren't stressing at all but its unavoidable.
Obv school should come first
You mean there's more than one guy out there doing this?
Now that is the truly horrifying part.
YouGetMajorPointsIf you can pull of a  in fashion?
Why isn't it Friday night right meow!?
partyswag 
I appreciate the support.
For my next act, Cop  I will spend the afternoon cuddling  watching
I love you tons.Say to Mamma G that i wished her i happy mothers day.Shes Lovely.3
When boys push you up against the wall and kiss you.
what I said was Oh.
what I was thinking was bitch.
First week of work was great!
Duly noted good sir!
Have had many requests for reserved seating.
It won't be the very first thing, but hoping to get there!
When you have a flask, every hour is happy hour.
u should be at In and Out burger...and bring me one thanks lol :
You might want to go online and maybe buy 's new comedy special.
It cost 5 and it is kind of funny
Bring moss in to lock up 1 cb so wallace can meet the ball in the endzone, all day long!
I was married by a judge.
I should have asked for a jury.
Groucho Marx
The one with nothing to hide is always the one left standing tall.
People are always more important than numbers.
Happy people make happy numbers...which make even more people happy.
Boston should start consulting with their financial advisers, because they aren't getting past Philly.
so much fun!!
Ridiculous
i will be streaming later on today with the gas mask challenge please to come on by when I do go online thanks all
Jeremy needs to get over it.
If the Royals were actually doing something then he'd skip out on his show I'm sure.
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on Yelp!
The beginning to somebody that I used to know makes me want to dance in a doctorm circle!
Watching NEDS on TFF online, reminds me of C.R.A.Z.Y., the first indie film I can remember seeing.
In a good way.
According to our tipmaster, we've passed 218 tips in Q3!
Stay tuned for our Q3 earnings 
I think my internet woes are finally over!
...for now
god, family and money!!!!!!
lol
NFL preparing to use replacement officials in 2012 if labor dispute continues ...
Where We Going this weekend : Lol
Worlds of fun...
Please say you're getting a honey badger.
Many thanks for the RT's!
Didn't know this app posted all my concert schedules on twitter.
Oh well, at least I have good taste in music.
I been waiting all day for you to call me baby 3
Its my birthdaay tomorrow..
Uhhm...
Ive been trying to get a tweet since like 1912...
Make my birthda wish come true?
:
Happy 100,000 miles to our Subaru Outback!!
Cheers to many more!
You're the last person I should ever take advice from.
How's KC going?
Would love for you guys to hook up w/ my KC friends and Jody.
Awesome couple!
that used to be my FAVORITE!!
they still sell the seasons on DVD
I can't wait to go to Seattle.
I'm getting my ticket ASAP.
I gotta say Sanders is doing great on Dwight
thanks guys!!
Right back atcha!
M, Piece.
Want your logo circulating on keychains around the city?
Then join us for launch.
It's free.
DM for more info!
One of my life goals is to create a sausage map of the world.
Don't forget your baby tomorrow
how the fuck DID I lose nearly 15 pages of script!
I hate rewriting from memory
Provide an online evaluation survey at the start of your event to give attendees time.
what?
i haven't watched the latest yet.
now you have me worried.
all walter is precious to me
Nick Knight!33
Happy Easter!
Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
And be safe!
Congrats!
That's so awesome!!
This is the game
What's your first piece of advice to someone moderately fit getting ready to expand their exercise regimen?
or it may just be one ref, not totally sure.
The royals are in town next week.
Not sure if you noticed...
haha thats good to here i digs the faithfulness lol but yes we suppose to Ms.
Mona Lenci
we just finished loading up the car and about to leave.
What about y'all?
Are you busy mon sunday so we can get started on it?
its may 1st by the way
Not asleep yet.
oh, I'm only 16 about to be 17.
I ment done with school as in summer vacation Hahaha:
Thank you!
RT : Posted the info to the GovLoop Librarians group.
I'll say it before Jim does ...
what is Minecraft?
If it works, it works.
How do kids w/o computers learn?
Is it a crutch?
all i said was 'yeah like 10 seconds ago' I don't see how that's anything!
How Did Angel Die?
Looking at the new JeanGeorges cookbook makes us want to run to the store and get cooking!
home cooking with jeangeorges
5K!
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with Nike GPS.
: Just laid down sick rhymes with this Doritos rap is the shit
HOLLERGRAM
Poll  what book do you recommend for an 11yearold girl?
Curating list for my awesome colleague
Rocking the boots on night 2 as a true tennessean!
So I got a lil better with AVID!!
Saturdays are THE BEST DAYS TO COME IN...BUT NOW IM SUPER HUNGRY
Kind of love those random 'likes' from people you haven't talked to in years when you post a photo or inspiring quote on FB ..
Thank you for the tweet!
Wtf is this?
Would LOVE for you to start an edu180la  have everything you'd need to do so!
Let's Skype at some point...cheers!
I guess you could say that.
I'm an alcoholic I think...
But I like smoking more haha
mom oh man im in deep shit...
U CAN TELL BY THE LOOK IN MY EYES FOCUSED WITH A PLAN
I agree.
Why do people tweet players and tell them to come to UK.
Why would someone listen to a person on Twitter
Everyone needs to vote for Teamisterchee you know there's nobody better!!!
Any first time buyers out there!!
Now is really the time to buy...low rates, high inventory  eager sellers.
The real estate markets needs u
Hey toya how are you?
I have some ???
Please inquire with me at When you get a minute.
Thanks

you too
so true!
that's why they have interviews after the video .
Thanks , , and Call us for debris removal and ground cover deliveries.
Thank U!
RT : that's so awesome!
Seriously if u ever need help I would be glad to do anything
is completely amazing!!
and i LOVE her!!
She is the sweetest.
Friends?
My Fav songs!!
Hit the lights See no more It girl Run the world Better with the lights off Take over control Good life Pretty girls !!!
: things to avoid: being a third wheel
At NPR with Emilie of KCUR .
Talking digital strategies with NPR Digital and a handful of great folks from member stations.
ha wow, you have a lot of catching up to do.
It just keeps getting better and better too
Wow!
thanks for the pic !
great tip!
I was just fighting my Kindle Fire and USB last night and I don't have a pref between that and the iPad.
The Flyers need to stop scoring first
If it was possible to get a T.U.I I would be blowing a .42 BAC.
This tall ref sucks man.
I hate when I rent a car the radio is tuned to all crappy stations.
First thing I do in a new city is find some ROCK!
Qutips are a makeup artists best friend!!!
answers it  yells
My problem is that I use my own understanding/preparation as a measuring stick for theirs.
And that's not fair to them.
weird, i mihgt be going to n cali
Well, it is decided that I will be failing my geometry SOL tomorrow.
There is no doubt about it in my mind.
SOME Black Girls Rock and SOME Black Girls HipHop either way, it's about the music!!
Good Music that is!!
pretty sure like even teenager is the tri state area is watching the news because of and
We've got 'em in our gift shop  the Bravo Shop!
RT : Hit em' up!
: how do I get a Cincinnati pops bowtie?
U never know til u try
good gig if you can get it
Saturday night I might be at the Baldwins.
I'll call you.
Sunday, Mark and I are doctorving to see my mom and grandmothers.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Looks cozier than my apartment.
Soaking Up Some Vitamin D; Getting My Tan On.
have tried a few of them between 0507.
07 RRV surprised me.
Darn good.
Somewhat inconsistent.
Has flirted with overripeness.
Thank you!
: Happy New Year!
A nice run around the freshman center while gym class is outside makes me feel...creepy.
ah I love you thank you!:
Just wana lock myself inn a room and never come out .
Does Spotify have a classical music library as well??
Throwing the baseball in the back yard and laying out all day makes it feel like summer 
She doctorvin' me crazy
Rock chalk Jayhawks!!!
First experience in San Antonio from a cab, loved the text message receipt and touch signature!
We love having you RT : never fails to remind me just how much I love to dance.
Document Type Declarations were intended for validators, not browsers.
I'm reading HTML 5 for Web Designers by Jeremy Keith.
We need a resolution!!!!
: I bleed orange year round, but I pledge allegiance to the BBN today!
SECAlways love and appreciate the support Go Cats!
Thank you for clearing that up....
got grilled catfish again at Mama's Cafe today for lunch.
yeah haha but that means the heat and the celtics basically get free passes to the conference finals...
That's cool
Critically Acclaimed is a record label.Our artists get their hot beats from MADSIONTIST PRODUCTIONS  other beat makers.
for me, talking to is like talking to a brick wall : why don't you see my tweets Austin?
:
The top 4 countries still using death penalty Iran, North Korea, Yemen and United States.
Aren't we proud to be in such great company!!!
hahaha that kinda funny
Yeah, is it until close?
I'm coming in at 4 to help with the setup, but if I gotta stay from 4 until whenever then I'm game.
Ha!
What a small world!
That's too funny..
I have a lot of memories of playing lacrosse v Liggett!
puremichigan :
Case throws the ball away while under pressure.
4th and 10 with 2:21 to go.
Another day..
Ready to take over the world.
I still feel bad giving midterms..well not as bad as taking them
Have you ever wanted to grab someone through the Internet and slap the shit out of them?
but but but but I thought there was a we instead of a you and I.
Good points on the blogger issue from yesterday's discussion.
It's an interesting topic.
you and your friends are too cute:
RT : Giving away lots of AMAZING gifts once we hit 50K followers!
Who's ready to RT and have some fun!
:
I would love you forever!
Haha
great tweets sorry to see you go but no follow back
Yes!
If we win this year, then the Mayans were surely correct about it all
So ESPN is putting 'los' in front of teams names as part of Latin Night?
Wow, why not put an 'o' after the name too?
O o u nasty girl I call u baby sleaze/ya monkey stankin o I smell a lil cottage cheese watchtheJuggernaut lmfao
This is great.
Having a great day!
Perfect way to end the work week...
really needed today to turn out this way.
Jazzy follow me i'm your big fan Jazzers xoxo 
I tweeted a lot yesterday : and that's rare lol I think Ima start tweeting more :
: Love when people dont txt me back haha luv hm!!
who r u talking about??
I heard you got a hair cut..Is this true?
Post a picture?
hopefully next Tuesday I'll be there!!!
good one allan.
You should tweet for a living.
So excited to host Festival  Exhibition in Nov/Dec!
HappyCincoDeMayo Have FUN tonight Mi Gente xo!
You Da One that I think about all day.lol Yo Nephs Rihanna is hard.
KeepCalmCarryOn attempts to put its finger on the sorry mess we're in  moving forward from that, what can make life truly worthwhile 3
I just bought Disney Pixar's Toy Story 2 for ps1.
I used to play this game when I was a child.
I'm bracing myself for all this nostalgia.
Ahh that's a good one!
:
Don't forget it is also prom today lets make good choices and take care of each other!
trying really hard NOT to let myself go shopping today...
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
My bitch is super fly..
good ole Chevys :
Good Afternoon!
I hope you're having a great day!
hola again...
nj connect
We have a new server ready  vpnws4 OpenVPN server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
I haven't tweeted you in so long .
Hi.
:
I don't like the color of my Toms
what's up pimp...nice meeting u last night...hit me up whenever...
you need to follow
in Ken Jeong's voice from the Hangover?
RT RT House Music is one of the best things man can create....
welcome to
is on her way home from seeing her oldest friend.
Best distraction ever.
;
just saw you guys up at MGM and respectfully didnt say hello.
Hope the biginning of your stay in the DIRTY D has been great

Reliant Center the HG Market starts TODAY at 2:00!!
Come join us THIS weekend, register for free tickets
DWTS Melissa should go.
She's only still on cuz she's got a huge fan base.
The judges always short change
RT : RT  fantastic speaker on networking, referral marketing, or behavior styles, be sure to contact
The debate about if/when/should we take on a certain client is stressful...
Yeah boy i like it.
Talk that talk all night
Wine's Margarita EffectMosel Riesling w/sweetness tastes more refined b/c of high acidslate mineral saltiness.
Nik WeissSt.
UrbansHof
good good u
Did someone say hybrid?
sum crazy bitch said my account is a spam account she a looney toon ass hoe
Think positive, because thoughts are like the steering wheel that moves our life in the right direction...
Anti nato protests starting in Chicago tonight.
Protestors trying to get police to respond with violence.
Do I tell you how to do your job, Campbell?
oh that suck:
Just had a great Skype visit with 3rd5th graders at G.R.
Whitfield in North Carolina.
The topic?
Nonfiction: Why It Is Awesome.
The only place where success comes before work is in a dictionary.
Vidal Sassoon, Famed Hairstylist, British immigrant  RIP
You ruin my damn plans
c u in BOS bring boots!
Yup.
So, are you getting on Tinychat later?
Happy Mothers Day to all of our T2 Mothers!
PackerNation hopes do too!
excellent!
Thanks!
I'll include the link in this new doc.
Been working hard today not a real lunch just had a crunchy carob rise bar glutenfree peanutfree 17 grams protein!
Yummy
my OpenSim host has a 'situation' so grid has been offline 2 days.
apologies  will reschedule things asap.
i also have a plan B.
My bf is going to buy tickets for that one so we can go :
That wasn't flying!!
That was falling with style
Big Show this Saturday with and !
We got a few tix still get at us :
Be sure to tune into Fox 5 tomorrow at 5:30AM or 6:30am.
See Scouts  The Salvation Army talking about Scouting for Food with
Hairspray and some other stuff diminished my social time.
ahem.....missed you at the show.
It's OK.
xoxo
City before state
People that complain live longer.
Repeal Florida's Stand Your Ground Law, it's a license to kill.
he didn't read my dm!
he just answered me 'can you ask Zara to check her DMs for me' .
Broke a thousand followers!!
Wahoo
Haha.
Cool man, thanks.
I don't think those groups are anything to be afraid of.
I like your new hair colour; it's darker.
You really good!
Well I'm probably scarred for life...
This is more awk than when I saw breaking dawn with my bro...
They're playing checkers when the game is chess.
Hey Netflix  how is Arrested Development like The Walking Dead?
What if we're only in our prime when our age is a prime number?
Gorgeous today!
Lots of sunshine and temps pass from the 50's to the 60's over the lunch hour!
In the street below my windows a luchador in a gold lamé cape poses for photos on a Harley.
Our natural goodness is false spirituality and is actually a great hindoctornce to life...
New and exciting pilot project for Facebook coming soon, stay tuned for details later today.
We did!
Did you?
CBS can't be happy with this leader board.
I'm being a little rascal tonight.
I'm toying around with both mom's ribs and metal hardware.
I don't really like for her to sleep.
Wrong is always wrong even if everyone is doing it.
man whateva.
Im not go b bias either.
If he won I'll tell you.
haters dnt bring me down.
And they certainly dnt bring down JB.
Keep talking.
Is tramp the only word you know ?
Somalians are so loud
NO I DIDNT MEAN TO IM SORRY
NICE!
One of my best buds was the intern there last year!
The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation.
Beauty in all she is.
I love it when that happens, it feels so god!!!
;
Where does one get beach balls in Pgh.
in January?
Besides that, rocked it tonight.
Looking at my search strings: someone found my site by google searching my ex's boobs.
Hilarious.
Time for the art crawl !
RT : Q1: Best Halloween Cocktail name has to be....Melon Monster Mash Martini!
Love that song!
Spin Champagne  Chickenheadz
I'm gonna liiiive my life no matter what we party tonight ;
There's just too many touchy mofos on here today.
Lawd
Check out Igors tip for the day on the discussion board.
WE GO HARD!
u ain't said shit but a word when u comin back to the V?
My spring semester graduate seminar at GW: Queer Object Ecologies.
cleared the stratosphere!
He's frighteningly relatable and it has nothing to do with his ability to seduce with a look on a train
don't be a stranger!
is always wonderin what peoples doctorams r mine is 2 be able 2 meet my fav singers of all time: bethany joy galeotti  sheryl crow!
YeauAintAvoutZotLyfe RT : don't do it to yourself
I do a lot of thinking at night
Thank you for getting back to me.
It is important to respect the family in situations like these.
Thanks again.
3 followers away from 400!
Help me out!
I'm ready for some dc loving
Saw The Movie Think Like A Man Act Like A Lady!
Love Loved It!
A Must see!
Hello If you are down in MKE stop by one of our meetings
damn : welp.....
im sure u will meet someone
The mister votes for Scripps Forum and I'm for the San Diego Museum of Art gardens.
Any unique SD venue ideas?
Having my 1st Home Show on my own today.
Wish me luck!
The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald.
I have done a synchronized swim routine to funkytown.
Yay lifeguarding.
Get it!
and when you're done come see us!
Righteous collab idea: and I know you're both reading this.
Let's make it happen.
neurotic seizures
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence.
The greatest mistake is giving up
I don't know how many protesters were arrested in this morning's raid, but there aren't many people here at OSD tonight.
If an Offensive Linemen sneezes before the snap would it be a false start?
omg you changed your icon i like that one!
: hey friend from around the way this is another twitter of mine follow me please chow baby!
We have a winner!
: Ate a hot dog with Rick Mirer on the sidelines?
any chance I can get that recipe?
Gnocci is my wife's absolute favorite.
NEW MUSIC COMIN
I wonder which day is Arian coming back....I think it's the 21st but I'm not sure
quick, steamy read.
The second book is better.
Albeit a lil creepier, you still wish you had someone to cuddle up to.
GREENFlag expects 10,000 ACCELERATOR CLIENTS by days end!
We are at 9,993 as of last night, after just 10 months!
Our clients are happy an
Mane iWanna get on this big bouncy slide thing
what's the plan for The Green Gang at on Saturday?!
WTF did I just read.
There wer a lot of big words in ther.
One day at a time is how I am getting through this D
: Today we'll be serving lunch at Navy Yard.
C u soon!!!Nats fans they Rreally good burritos should check B4 game sometim
hey girl...
I have moved back to cleveland so I will be tryna get my hair done ijs...how you been?
I need to start talking to new people hahaha
Holy fuck.
Straight up gunfight in Riverwest.
Two guns maybe 12 shots between em.
Cripes.
You're so very welcome
just let me know...your welcome anytime you want...it will be fun...
thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a creative weekend
yikes!
Omg!
Are u heading back to GA?
thanks for the follow.
Love your work....it's amazing!!!
followed by club can't handle me right now.
Headed to the Zakaria lecture at the U of M
Thanks to everyone for the birthday love yesterday!
It made my day!!
I've noticed that Herman Cain likes to attribute his views and source of information to highly qualified, unnamed people.
Come on now...
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use
Now listening to lost ones one of my favorite songs so far this is like my third time listening to it.
Can't wait until the 8th!
hey how dare you spam me?
i am a FIESTA full of doctornks, slurring speech and awesomeness.
you anger me.
McAllen tries a fake punt at their own 18 with 3:10 left in the 3rd  is stopped by the Alexander defense, 9 yd TD run by Brian Swain.
4118
Ok bitch.
Two can play that game.
I'm missing tonight!
I have to get off twitter because y'all are gonna ruin it for me.
It's so good tonight.
Tattoos  Muscles
hahaha right that's why I doctornk all of it!
I will stop messaging you from here on out.
There is a place in a God where, we can be totally free from fear
Good God!
Ethernet is almost 40 years old.
No wonder I'm gray.
i was this shape at 12 but a lil smaller and i was about 5'2

I'll see if my boyfriend wants to go.
Thanks for the invite!
Workout with me and receive a Complimentary set of my Exclusive LoveYourAbsAbExerciseCards!
Loves Them!
Nearly got doored on my commute into work today by someone getting out of their car on Valencia
Just saw a storefront sign: Guns  Signs  Scuba.
stayclassy Florida!
IDontHaveTimeFor worrying, yet I do it constantly.
Note to self: embrace a goal to stop wasting time sweating the small stuff.
Scientific knowledge is in perpetual evolution; it finds itself changed from one day to the next.
Jean Piaget
That's honesty right there RT : RT : I can't wait for this season to be over so I can get back to killing hookers
So many cops out today.
It's like they're still amped about the gunman yesterday and are taking it out on speeding motorists today.
of course he speaks english  the spanish lyrics came out in the bottom
Roman Noodles!
Lunch of Champions
My tapers fall out when I sleep every freaking night.
Godspeed.
Great night to travel.
Any experts in I's Millennium Data Exchange module out there?.
Merry Christmas
Ayden has started to watch tv  dance to the music so this shall be interesting.
He yells OH in awe of the screen alot
FREE Bailey's?!
Yes please!
Head to now for details.
Text FREE to 35350 now 4 chance 2 win other prizes from Mo's  !
Its weird hearing kroq mentioning Tim from underoath in the celebrity birthdays
Heading to work around Newbury St?
Stop by our shop for FREE coffee, espresso doctornks, and baked goods from 8am10am this morning.
Yes, FREE.
Wife wanted something for her anniversary that went 0200 in 2 seconds.
Was getting her a bathroom scale a bad thing?
Um...
interesting...
Thanks 4 coming to the EMBA Tim.
Hope 2 see you soon.
please fill that Sr.
Dir.
of Global Talent Acquisition position.
It's what I do when no one watches that truly defines the man I am when everyone is looking
On my way to Creating Video with DSLR Cameras workshop
moviechatters What is your favorite movie of all time??
What a beautiful day in Nashville, I love the sound of the birds chirping o a bright sunny warm day!
:
Small craft advisory in effect Monday afternoon across tidal Potomac River.
Minor flooding could occur Tues.
through Sun.
Lol, one question could have saved you a lot of trouble.
You're so fashionable!
.
explains how FEC has gutted DISCLOSE rules, allowing shell corps to hide 
At doctorss rehearsal for tomorrow nights Messiah concert.
The orchestra and chorale sound wonderful!
i know i know.
Did mayhew only go to the oklahoma pro day?

oh hey what are you doing on campus this late?
Me: Looking for my motivation
Georgetown College Tigers fall to Mountain State 8376 in NAIA tournament to end their season.
I bEAT it up
RT the RT in full if you can do so under 140 chars.
If you can't, then delete RTs furthest from the original tweet.
Who told you that I gave a fck
I can't believe I have only finished IHFC and SAMS buildings.
Looks like I'll be coming back tomorrow afternoon!
just talk to Brent hall from GetRightMixtape, thats whats up!
I HATE Rush Limpdick.
yep its sad but ive never even been outta Cali loll
: On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
Some of us see spiders on our doctorams periodically.
Hm
When your job is crashing as hard as you can into other guys who are crashing into youevery day for yearsmore padding won't help.
Send me the bill and I'll sign it  Go President Obama!
He's back and got his mojo...
Great
basketball wives
Time to go bury myself in another Jim Nisbet novel.
It's going to be a noir evening.
Life doesnt have a remote; get up and change it yourself.
hahahahh it treat her exxxxxxtraa special everyday aint too many more x's left
pretty odd, i'm getting sent to some russian website too.
thanks for pointing this out!
How to spend time on Google: spend 15mins looking for peeps talking about relevant topics via
can't wait to see what weekend the Chargers are gunna whoop that Steeler rear end!!!
.
thanks for the follow...
Keep rocking it!
On my way to the gym after a great thanksgiving with friends!!
I totally agree, Roger.
I was bracing myself for the film, but I loved it.
Hey Paul  I DM'd you what's up?
How does one see a miracle manifest in their life?
We are acting on this immediately asking doctorvers and mechanics to look for the ad and remove it.
RT If u wish u lived in NJ 
mascmplx panel on violence up next; after Ken Corbett's heartbreaking talk we are prepared
Happy Opening Day, everyone!
Go Brew Crew!
Force me to talk ?
You don't wanna hear the words I'm about to say .
:
That sounds like a good weekend.
I'm hoping to sit in the park to read, play music, and eat some food with friends
trees down on meridian north of I10
when tells she should know Spanish bc her last name is Rosales..
err uh, Gonzales.
hahahaha.
Knowing the difference between right  wrong is one thing, showing it in your actions is another.
Happy Birthday  world's best intern.
Lucky to have you at !
about 20 min
haha I'm not denying it ;
Loving somebody is taking a risk
Look for a review of The Dark Backward posted on the blog later today.
I've been a major allergy sufferer all my life, and I finally discovered relief through saline irrigation.
Email me for more details.
If a Twitter account exists, and no one pays attention to the crap it spews...
which sheep?
However you do come in loud and clear in Holland, MI.
Congrats on the raise.
Hadn't kept up with the industry since selling workables, so really enjoyed the interview.
Cheers.
Andoctorw and I just stapled the lining of our coat pockets...
mla12 Agreed.
Thought smartphoneless was the purpose of the blogger/tweeter table.
RT : Neglected vehicle care almost always means much higher costs down the line  April is Car Care Month
I swear Asians at Clark is so annoying!
Except me though.
tiredO
Greetings from Natural Balance, Brooklyn NY.
Hope everyone had a terrific holiday weekend...healing begins at home!
Temple defensive back Keeayre Griffin Temple defensive back Keeayre Griffin talks about the Owls' regular season finale against Kent St
lol thanks :p I'm just in pain  swollen now ;p
Frances is leaving us for grad school.
: Make sure you tell her what a terrible decision this is.
:p
forgot to say I saw you at City of Refuge Sunday with , your runs we're sick ridiculous.
Blessings!
ill text u web I get home
You have a death wish lol xD : walking into forever 21 and saying who wants to make me a sandwhich???
YOLO ;
umm not really, but you could google it?
haha i have 13,i beat you!
:P
Win for the Orioles, 2game lead in the AL East.
Cold streak keeps not happening.
New is jammin on satradio in Venice, heyo!
The Ridiculousness with Ryan Dunn and the Ryan Dunn tribute was was great.
We all miss you man
Do no harm where you can do no good.
ÆSOP
As long as it takes him to make friends who call him a mama's boy.
Sounds like you need to make some more money before heading back to Winstar
Google Chrome is doctorgging but it works fine incognito.
Wonder if I need to ditch one or two of these extensions
we love u 2
im not going any more my mom canceled!!!
its nice over here.
Its not far from anything
and all in one night?
Birthday week...
you're gonna kill me yet.
Happy Birthday!!
Hope you have a great day!
We can hardly wait : September is one of my most favorite months here on the island, lotsosun  trade winds
NO!
He needs to spend more and be further to the left!!
July 6th: 80s night!
Looking for more bands!!
I watched Get Him to the Greek after you blessed it it was quite entertaining.
Sounds like Limitless is a good one too
Gotchya.
Figured it was worth a heads up.
Was surprised to find it on here.
Back on twitter, had a busy month so no twittering for me!
Another busy weekend  some upcoming trips planned!
I've been so busy!!!!
Sorry I've been MIA everyone.
rack city
Best story told about my ancestor tonight: when we went hunting no one brought guns b/c he'd just open his trunk  ask 'pistols or rifles?'
simple, elegant, perfect.
Don't forget the men's uniforms!
Brits do uniforms's well!
Slow moving trains making me late for work
thanks pal  Looking forward to your playoff show.
Always the BEST in the NHL.
lol I know!!
Stop changing my schedule!
Got to work today and found out they canceled my shift.
Thanks for not telling me.
Made me get up for nothing
Thinking of ways to get Musician Business Networking ideas off the ground.
We need a book Helping Musicians Despite Themselves.
My mom is so annoying 
Thanks Steph!
you HAVE to come see the new collection when its bk in NYC!
send me details ill see if i can go
you're not kidding.
:
Thank you!
I have so much work to catch up on!
It's been about a month since I've worked in my studio on my art!
What to do first??!!!

windward mall ....this place sux
danks!
The bachelor is on so it's making my night better lol
North Central Community Calendar  April 26
WordsINeverWantToHear I don't love you and never will /3
Holy Rainstorms!
Snowing in the mountains.
Who has skiing snowboarding plans???
Pack your Patrick's Sunscreen before hitting the slopes!
appointment with a client,will be back later...
Im all cried out....
So true!
We'll soon have little splash babies running around...
Here we are all alone in this room.
NEW PLAY MOVED UP TO 3PM EST DUE TO THE RUMORS THAT ARE FLOATING WE WANT PEEPS TO GET AS MANY B4 THE BELL AS POSSIBLE
The irony being tht, I ended up in a BurgerKing.
But, they dnt use formaldahyde in their food...right?
Sweet goal.
And set up by Donovan no less!!
RT : Doing more and more with jQuery, SPServices  JSOM.
They open up a whole new range of possibilities.
Loving it!...
YES!
Please tell me you still have an invite left!
Try Getsocialbrevard too :
TROGwar TROGLODYTE War on Stupid: push back agnst the epidemic stupidity infecting our politics  government.
Related: Cognitive Dissonance
: Discipline is remembering what you want.
David Campbell quotes quote
Good morning.
Early Bird Specials deadlines for the Little Miss Beautiful Hue America Pageant are fast approaching.
Don't miss out!
COREY BREWER AND ANdoctor MILLER STARRING IN WOLF AND BUNNY MOVIE WHERE THEY WILL BE WOLF AND BUNNY GET YOUR WOLF AND BUNNY TICKETS NOW
Watching today's five GOP primaries is like watching the Patriots play the Dolphins in Week 17.
High tops rule!
And Velcro is cool!
Merry Christmas peeps!
Look me in my eyes.
I know what is within me...even if you cant see it yet.
that is one horrible website, thanks for sharing.
Devers, 29, made the same long journey in 2003, flying in to attend the original Heritage Classic between the Canadiens
RT : One last big ups to our tour sponsors for : , , and Check em out!
They r ...
Hey all!!
Happy Thursday!
Take a second this weekend to follow on Twitter and check out the fun things we tweet!!
Ever googled blueberry waffle?
Itz gross...
GUESS WHAT I DID!!
Harry S.
Truman was broke and out of work at the age of 38.
At the age of 45 he was the most powerful leader in the world.
Working on filing.
Looking forward to funding for the Center for Justice and Social Compassion.
Best Wishes to All
Pau's bleeding from the beak.
I'm so sad that I can't go to their concert .
oops.
Dimon not Diamond.
I'm thinking Blood Diamonds or something.
Pardon me!
LOL!
Explain why Joan Crawford didn't like wire hangers..?
Obviously she didn't like babies either  coulda done some damage with a wire hanger.
Uh oh looks like trouble in paradise..
Anyone have a good recipe for red velvet cake?
I'm a good baker, but for some reason I always end up with red velvet hockey pucks.
Anyone know if the Coachella sets for the second weekend were filmed or not?
Cannot.
Quit.
Coughing.
Tony Allen....WOW
Natural Breast Augmnentation Products?
ThingsThatILike Bay Hill
The TopSomm competitors are early, and looking much more alert than I am this morning!
Good luck everyone!
would u follow back too sweets?
F.Y.I  The stars of The Hunger Games will be Grove today at 6pm.
Get your wrist bands at 9am.
RT Come see a show and we validate for parking at Horton Plaza.
You get a little extra time.
See us for details.
Tonight: July 7 Brazilian Percussion Virtuoso AIRTO MOREIRA'S 70th BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION, SOHO 1221 State Street Suite 205 Santa...
noticing the difference between kids racing around the peterson automotive museum with a find and circle scavenger hunt and
you did???
where??
Looking for a locale for your company picnic?
The Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has availability on 7.8.11!
Call 503.693.8452 for more info!
waffling as to whether or not nom a book for CapCh...
8:24am and it is so dark that you'd think it was the middle of the night.
Big storm on the way.
I don't wanna brag, but ill be the best you ever have ....
I think that spray butter is the greatest invention since sliced bread!
Day 2 of filming was great!
short and sweet!!
Many people avoid looking out of their window at night because they are scared of seeing a face
Sam stay away from zayne :p
Watching on ESPN but streaming radio for this one.
No way am I suffering through more Vitale.
3 more followers till 1500 help me out retweet n follow me
is a freshly minted shodan
Tebow and the Jets
I'm in da projects watchin a nigga get knocked out.
Thank you to everyone who entered my Goodoctorads giveaway!
Congrats to the winners.
Your books are in the mail!
I traveled to my couch to watch The Soup.
Does that count?
new mixtape bet not be bullshyt
thanks always positivity,  patients is the key .
Stop bein somebody else man, when you can be you man
My mom left for New York this morning for a week and I already miss her/:
And again I ask: why do Costco hotdogs taste so good???
The level of structure that people seek always is in direct ratio to the amount of chaos they have inside.
The Boy is Darn SMART just like the Mom!
Not right now but make sure you register with us so we will have your info if something does come along.
I wish I was better at putting my feelings in word form, not just of the top but in a deep, analytic, semipoetic way.
: Do you ever just feel completely empty inside?
Mauldin high '94.
Mike Griffith the ecommerce guru here ...
i miss all of the mauldin crew.
Bugg if u out there hit me!
My dad is unharmed.
I'm annoyed bec he totaled my last car when I only had 3 payments left.
He's no longer allowed to borrow my car.
; 
ha yea I guess so.
I'll take it
well just have classes today.
Have fun here.
Too much D 49ers vs
is our everything thank you justin your the reason I believe in my doctorams : 3 u
No one ever gives me a straight answer in this house..
good luck on ur last final!
I hope you're at our favorite table by the windows it's good luck!
Case studies show this product is use full for 100's of disease's Restores the True You What Can It Do For You?
Jessica Simpson Baby Name Revealed: Maxwell!
I'm just exploring.
I like to try things.
It just doesn't work.
Lots of lag.
is it the my American gypsie wedding show?
Pessimistic view.
If it was my decision.
The world would come to an end, because there is no hope for change.
doctorve is the most insane movie, I think I've ever seen!!!!!
This week, do something you've never done...live, laugh, and love like never before!
New board member for our Friends group is Yay!
Congratulations, Dave!
Oh damn!!!
Nice look Slacker...
All u buddy RT : McGee's mom is surrounded by small bald white guys seeking her approval.
Check out Ready.gov today!
They will tell you what you need, and we can ship it to your door.
RT : RT : Friday 11/11/11 is Veteran's Day.
To honor veterans the Museum will be offering free admission...
Anyone wanna tweetcast tonight's HTTQ event?
LOL!
RT : Duh...
where do you think assholes come from..
RT : can babys be concieved through anal sex?
I think you love glee just as much as me!
we should watch it together next tuesday!
Cliff Burton of Metallica was killed on this day in 1986 when the band's bus overturned in rural Sweden.
holy sheet!
WTS GREAT WINTER SONGS: This is the New Year by Ear candy and soulfood for the ill inspired.
Me too!
; RT : Pumped about getting rejected thanks to
I want some butter pretzels
Thoughts on Sixers?
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, We demolish arguments and every pretension that sets itself up against the knowledge of God, and...
Um hm...
so anyway...
excuse me dear...
The Silk Tie likes Arvind!
As life is best lived, people are best looking good and ties are best worn, the circle of life
ice, van chai, milk, and espresso!
Winter's back!
Come warm your soul with a hot bowl of POZOLE!
Thats pork stew, YO!
Served with soft corn tortillas!
No one can captainre an experience or moment for everybody, but there's real power in what my man did in those early flicks.
Raisins  yum.
Okay: thanks.
Exhibitor2011 finished walking the show floor saw Bekins Hadley and spoon
I'll say it again: Please change this new twitter back to the old style!
This is awful
LOL, he is a man, what did you expect!!
Kill him with kindness!!
:
Detroit has one of largest contingent of military veterans.
We'll continue to keep you posted about resources  job opportunities
Knew about the blackout  still tried to Wikipedia 3x today.
SMH.
DeRango's on 6 Mile Rd.
If you love me, here's what I'll do, I'll take care of you.
Love you too
It was great to meet you!
Sending good writer vibes your way.
SMDH You just Miss me!
than ur moms gonna follow us..hehe
Woke up with a 102 fever and a massive craving for a burger and Pinkberry.
Thanks :
Wha?
Dood!
You better be at least halfsmiling today or I'll kick you in your 'meh'.
Congrats!
Love my life!
HappyMothersDay to all the women who ever have been a mother or ever will be a mother, today is ALL about you!!
What's your favorite color?
Just dyed some of my hair pink...
yeee
awesome who is comin'?!
What if won the national championship?
is on the phone with a woman who is speaking so loudly I can hear her in the other room!
He is going to go deaf!
Thanks Bobby...great work there.
State reps.
now taking some people inside Capitol.
We're thrilled to have you!
Come to think of it I used to be pretty uptight
What's the name of this movie on b.e.t.
?
Know anyone graduating law school this Spring?
A legalthemed chess set would make a great gift!
But order early, they take time to make!
TeamMovieLovers Follow If You Love Movies  Tell Us About Your Favorite Movies!
RT l Follow Back
I lost hella followers ..
Oh well
and that's why I'm cleaning the followers...
Sorry followers who have pages with no tweets lol..EVRYTHING MUST GO MAYB EVEN U LOL
probably die.
is my life.
Oh and check the last one..
Dead hearts are everywhere!:/
I am working.
And haha, I would if I could.
I've never seen him!
Don't lower urself 2 be on people's level, have them rise up 2 ur's!
My dumbass went into work at 11 and I don't have to be there until 5
I love the food there.
29 for three courses, and doctornks are 1 each  you will leave very full!
Not so fast my friend....only time will tell whether Matt Flynn is Matt Flynn or Scott Mitchell.
The best thing about the Patriots victory tonight was how well the Defense played.
Their best game of the season
I shall miss you
your welcome hun!!
tell your mom i said hi 
So Happy To be Here at Foodiechats with our fodiesbuddies,
Tensnake, Aeroplane, Holy Ghost!, Grum, Wolfram, In Flagranti, Hercules And Love Affair.
Any DJs in Denver spin these guys?
must admit I very much enjoy annoying orange
Sometime around the year 1650, the legend has it that Baba bootlegged 7 coffee seeds attached to his body out of Mecca.
want one but have a special hybrid plate
HI  you should check out , a great phone solution for small businesses  connect w/ happy customers
Some Of That Purple doctornk Would Put Me Straight To Sleep Right Now
Keep counter culture classic rock out of commercialism.
Let those artist rest in peace.
Greedy little corporate pigs.
where you from
Thanks for sending all great places
anyone want to video call?
: goin back to that, cant belive what the bulls did to the heat last nite..
Back in the KC..
Thank you Chitown and LA!..
Happy bday to my lil bro , luv u bud and see u soon!!
hey Barry thnx for the follow.
Lkng forward to wrkng on Tornado project.
I think I am going to limit grp to 2 or 3.
Thoughts?
lalalallalala i love :
ME!
: I am proposing a museumprofessorssional swap rather than a houseswap  one month in Paris work for anyone?!?
aam2012
I don't know if that would be a good idea...
I think our green room is solidly edward territory.
True that haha RT You see all kinds of different people at the dmv lol
Happy Norfolk State made it round 3  but ...GO GATORS!!!!!
o.k?
So yeah knock on my door en ur done with w.e
Marketing Affiliates wanted; True HOME/INTERNET BASED business.
Takes all of 35 minutes a day  6 lucrative income streams all based on...
welcome to the good life!
;
oh well so now you can try it for yourself!
yaaaay!
We hope you like it!
Pls help spread the word!
: thnxs!
sorry, but that is ludicrus!
If I had one day to vacation on Anna Maria, I would spend it  
She got the best ass in HIP HOP right now!
handsdown!
thats ma last tweet i promise.lol!
Great webinar with , , !
IAlwaysWonderIf the world would really be boring and dull with out music.
Thirdwheelingitup ...
I have never been so bored ever!!!!
Not generational, just lowclass
Boxing is definitely is a sport from day's gone by.
The question is have fans become too PC for the sport ?
don't forget to request Train Wreck!
Thanks!!!
Day 2 of StartingUp Now Facilitator Training going well.
We're introing trainees 2 our web platform, Skillcenter.
The Ethnic World Pageant Red Carpet Event will feature new RB Artist TRUTHFUL.
To purchase tickets go to www.ethnicworldpageants.com
Hands down, Tokyo.
RT : Next question: What is your doctoram vacation?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Hello to all my new followers.
Need to know if you made the right choice?
How about this: SPORTS!
SPORTS!
SPORTS!
what channel

them promoting your book was the best part!
The rest has too much dude talk
Catching up on breaking bad, best show in TV!
Covered in GoldLeaf
m hm
What's on your Valentine's Day playlist?
So happy right now.
Put your hands to the constellations!
the way you look should be a sin, you my sensation!
The Manchurian Candidate.
RT Hustlemode gets u nowhere with me...
Keep it real please!!!!
Game recognize game!!!
Say it again, say it again
stop I have literally every season on dvd
Play the Pokerstars SCOOP at the PPC Aruba All the wifi u need, plus the beach
But I Can't .
Turkeyy Bingoo Time!
Be back later if I win a turkey I'll put up a pic but I'll be back later :!
When you flush the toilet and one shit comes back up!
Like what do yyou want sshit
Hold on to your cowboy hats!
From 'Way Out Here', will be cruising into Pensacola Beach for !
And by we, I mean one Detroit project this year.
Ok, enough twitter spam.
Good morning twitter, been cleaning windows for a couple hours already!
This time next week I'll star in the longanticipated role as patient at St.Vincent Women's Hospital; postperf reception in postop.
Wheee!
hmm...or, get the new doctorid w a reliable power source?
This monitor is huge!
27 apple display
When you believe in yourself, you have learned the first secret to success NVP
Blind Pilot, Angels  Airwaves, doctorke, Rihanna, Jacks Mannequin, Florence...awesome new albums make for great road trip mixed tapes.
TOLD U GUYS THEY WILL WIN
confidence vs selfesteem!!
I know you gotta ole man but ima dawg gt; like a half of brick I JUST doctorP IT OFF !
calisthenics, lunges and onearmed pushups for the win.
I love my mom so much 3
sleep finally!
Ahole today.
Misrepresented the cntrcepn issue.
If everyone is so Catholic tell them to stop having sex before marriage.
there were such as armani, guchi, ralph lauren, prada, etc.
bless you, brother fish!
AhMEN!
Sure!
Send us an email at social cater2.me
Enrique iglesias tonight version Just saying its bad!!
When a friend gets wronged you gotta have their back!
Oh, no!
Hope you're better soon.
Chilly, windy, and looks like its gonna get wet today.
I was hoping the weatherman was wrong today but I guess not 
Once again tourist night!!
I can not wait!
I LOVE CODY SIMPSON!
RT IF YOU AGREE!
I want to go to sleep
BillMyAnswer uses an algorithm to create originality of your tutorial.
Worry not about someone Reselling your tutorial
Jusy found 80bills in my purse!:D
Just left spending time with my dad!
Miss him so much!!!
Literally the best dad in the world!
thanks for the mention, and for reminding me i need to stop by the SIUP booth.
Shave it all off.
Goatee's are ugly.
swagg im likin this tweet RT : Call me a stripper I can dance to anything..
What happened to the moral character of our politicians?
They used to serve the citizens but now act as if the citizens should serve them!
tins make perfect coasters
fosho love family
Black girls have bad attitudes.
Someone remind me why I didn't switch to Chrome earlier, again?
Not feeling so good so I'm gonna go make myself some soup
Which part of St.
Louis, I think I might point ya to the bast gas station.
Safe trip!
Just found out is coming to MKE!?
Um, two tickets please.
And
Girls that bitch too much 
That's excellent company ;
SURVEY: 35 of employers in MA are more optimistic about hiring in 2013 and expect to add more jobs.
you in horn lake ?
Up bright and early and out at for meeting
lololol no I CANT!!!
wait till I tell you bro Trinkets!!
I just got up to use the bathroom  realize I still have xanax  liq in me.
Ima shrug this 1 out
GOOODBYEEE HOME RUN...God I love you JJ Hardy
I cannot imagine that feeling.
Its a great feeling as a fan to watch you guys come in, but as a player Id be speechless.
Update us
Nothing like a 4  hours of a Red Sox / Yankees game
I'm laying in bed sick as shit watching.
So fuck you.
Bused to work.
seattle needs to improve rider IU infomation website.
: The most liberating feeling in the world is to move past what people think of you!
Goodnight1DFamily you ROCK
He's going their withy parents today.
And lots have said the same about Visionary Arts.
On the list.
OMG TINA!!
Congratulations!!!
I'm so excited for you!!!
Good works Tyrese..Hope to get a chance to work with you soon...
A poor man with nothing in his belly needs hope, illusion, more than bread
i cant set my hopes too high cause every hello ends with a goodbye
How do you politely tell someone that it's no longer your problem while still saving face?
lil wayne rocks i listen to his song sometimes even the rap songs ;
i dont like you...
leve me the hell alone 
So I have friend is making giant steps as a country music recording Artist...Show some support and learn about Kevin Mac!!!
I want a car
Yes, we only sell a particular brand of suet and suet feeders.
That's how much we believe in the quality of this product!
Also that was complete sarcasm.
New Madmen on the 25th!
That should cheer ya up!
:
doctornk doctorver just hit a parked car right in front of our building,....
thanks for making me miss the last 5 minutes of the game
CAMS...
Slap the ask!!!
Sounds like the boyfriend wants to go somewhere new tonight...
hopefully heading to !
shout out
Gym was good 3 1/2 miles.
Good job.
Pats self on back.
No eyecandy and I still made it.
Starting to think I'm too choosy w my candy.
I know, so crazy!!
I couldn't believe the price was so low.
Finds like that are what keep me hooked on thrifting.
I hope sings Ol Red at the show tonight!
oldiebutagoodie gosh he's cute!
man shut up and go your African ass too sleep
More passes for 212 in a lil bit...
Stay tuned!
I always turn to the sports pages first, which records people's accomplishments.The front page has nothing but man's failures.
Earl Warren
: Trying to decide if imma go to Brew City or not hm
loving you in this basement.
Follow it!
From RIT hockey to ROC Fashion week, ah reporting on the weekends
god morning!
just thought i'd throw it out there since i'm having a great one :
The answer to the problem is in the problem.
That makes it an opportunity
Listened to the Ep !!
Keep doin your thing.
The 101 is a
I just saw something that disgusted me.
Smh!!!!
Postcards for sure.
And what about Boogie Nights for Ms.
Moore?
im not sure I'm gonna do what he wants me too lol I just got his call though.
Guy in front of us at the ball game is clipping his nails.
Not the time or the place, dude.
Dude.
i saw you at h.e.b today :
Money,cars,clothes and jewelry won't ever love u back!
I didn't know doctor King's mom was shot and killed in 1974 while sitting at the organ in Ebenezer Baptist Church.
Why didn't I know that?
So bummed I missed Danny McBride at PaleyFest...I want to work with him one day!!!
Why did I have to get sick last night????
I'll take a look in a bit.
:
When it rains, it pours...at least this week!
Only good thing is I'm done with school for the semester!
Don't tempt me..although I am only 6 maybe in 1o years !lol
wat it do big homie...I was fuckin wit you n NAPTOWN B4 CHRISTMAS....NOW I'M FUCKIN WIT YOU N MY HOMETOWN...MILWAUKEE
Fill in the blank: During the Blast offseason I .
Thanks Certified retweeter
maybe beckett should go back in the dugout and eat chicken and doctornk beer.
awesome!
Please share what you learn!
Go ahead!
It's over RT : Man this game need to go off so I can get in the bed!!
Walking home from rehearsal in the snow in athletic shorts and a sweaty tee.
We sold our soul for the Stanley Cup.
Next 40 years of misery now.
Say you love her!
She'll follow you!
:D
Anyone have a cordless hand vacuum that they would recommend?
Please let me know.
Just started watching TheVampireDiaries for the 1st time last week on Netflix.
It's really good...
very well written.
Skipping out of work for a couple hours for a hot group scene.
Almost just called me baby niece, Pikachu.
Isn't it though?
I kind of want to go just to check it out.
Note to all: for me, bad art is sometimes synonymous with great
If it isn't yours I wouldn't bother either.
:p
will do.
Very cool
So today they told me something about HIM .
yeahh his amazing 
Welcome to Twitter.
Me and predicted exactly how tht was convo went
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay My brother is not weird :D
Oh, ok.
I must have miscounted.
I thought they'd max at 11 when I was looking at schedule.
Me  going to hell
that part is DEFINITELY true.
Hahaha.
haha just teasing!
Miss your face darlin.
Let's catch a show together soon!!
what comment.?
im lost
Oh, forgot to mention over on that we also set up our Pinterest account.
Look for infographics, etc.
soon
RT : Why do you shop at KNO Clothing?
Stop allowing meaningless people have a meaningful impact on your life
We know the Trifolium repens by another name  the white clover, but more commonly, the shamisterck.
What odd features do you find attractive on somebody?
Have n be safe come back in one piece with some sovouniers alrite
Right back to Franklin smh.
Did we have hw?
Do you have days with boned wings specials?
Lamborghini mercy, your chick shes so thirsty
You want internships?
We got 'em!
Marketing/Adv/PR students email your resumés to
It always pays to chop the head off of a snake because their always lurking in the grass full of sheep....
Being alone sucks  ...
Shake it off, lift it up, go not quietly into the gloom, and just email me and Ill email u a song or two that are sure to lift u up Jay
Heading off to bed Sayonara to a horrible weekend full of lies, betrayal, loneliness, uncertainty, disgust, and the worst inner humiliation
Have faith, it's free!
idk I might have..who did I came with?
do this Heels!!!
Wow did I really just get off at mount vernon thinking it was an express train and then remember it does stop at woodlawn?
Merrr 
Focus group about laundoctor detergent.
I should have known is be the youngest person here.
Enjoy the Alamo City!
Be sure to stop by the Japanese Tea Garden and check out Mission Trail!
Eat some brisket  tortillas for me!
hi girl
yes send me an email and i will tell you which ones i have from you.
bed time for kitty and me
Just got a new phone!.....So ready to PARTY tonight!!!!!!
Open House at 5848 Cactus way this Saturday from 11am2pm!
Come by and take a look!
Beautiful contemporary on culdesac in La Jolla!
Every time Woodhead scores Rex Ryan has to quit watching and go get a snack.
FACT
Glad u like em!
And glutenfree!
glad you like it !
: welcome!
We are looking to speak with anyone who is going to be putting up posters for KONY2012 in San Diego for
You don't know how to have fun the way 
RT : As it is said, Today, if you hear his voice, do not harden your hearts as in the rebellion.
It's coming in the first update to Angry Birds Space.
Overheard: Economists make predictions only to make astrologers look good.
I know!
just joshing ya guysI've got a grad degree in mod  contemporary litI love it deep down.
Don't tell yourself ohwellohwell and shrug things off.
The best time is right now!
Who knows what tomorrow will bring.
how do you keep that figure?
Until we strung out like a violin, come back to life, then we die agian.
It's stupid and unfounded but it's not causing any widespread harm.
But the antivax people and the alternative medicine crowd cause trouble
I'm the kinda guy that turns lesbians straight
Outstanding Athletic Coach of the Year  Ed Leyden.
Just published tour of Lower Midtown...iphone app version submitted for publication!
Oh girl, you HAVE to pick doctorgracesharonneedles!
Even buses are messing me over this week!
You should let us choose!
:
The presidential motorcade is right near me right now!!!!
: When boys pick you up and carry you like its no big deal  
i want to put my pussy on your face hun..
: Fat isn't the enemy.
Your fucked up perception and preconceived notions surrounding the subject is the problem.
// prob...
Serious Question.
Will the UK/UL Final Four game trump the KY Derby?
Ok, now how go i get back to MSG tonite?
anyone?

No worries.
Been a bit unusual thx 2 the labor uncertainty.
TY 4 ur support of HDSA!
We've got a golf tourney on 8/26 fyi.
20factsaboutme 12.
I enjoy ridiculous things, like the foreign channels on tv, and killing Isaiah on the xbox360.
Morning seems so unfriendly the colder it gets.
Thanks, yo!
And I'm well aware 
doctornk tweet but Imma keep it classy: Heeeeeererereyyyyyy
I just be like fuck you what u need?
U don't get nothing from me, u always talking shit now I'm somebody you will love to be

if it was me u were talking bout I'll say u knew the feeling was mutual..
I got that from rodney when you played ball with him
I'm so jealous!
2 1/2 more weeks!
Put it down on me
I don't get these zany references...can you put it into dumb kid terms?
A complex mind is always one to value.
The Weekend ATC puzzle solution is totally Madison/Medicine.
I can't play, so g'head.
Submit it.
You can keep the prize, too!
I would be ready to take the hit if i was keisha......
fuck it..
grab something and hit her with it.
Thanks for listening!
And yes, that is a great song!
Magic Johnsons blood is the cure for aids
follow back :D
C'Mon Blazers keep it double digits!
RipCity!
I get really annoyed when comedy radio plays visual jokes.
This twitter so cool n fun yay lol
It was awesome.
Had a great time.
Missed your presence on the dance floor though!
The mini heart attack when your swimming and you feel somthing in your pocket..
WBWednesday Dedicated our 10th Women Build home to Sequoia  her son!
Thanks  many more!
Funny Bob Gray experience you had!
Should be a good movie they are writing you and nick should be in it and play yourselves!
Shout out my real niggaz teamhustlelife !!!!
I love my Mac, but despite what some Apple fanboys say, just like my pc, it needs a good reboot every now and then.
Exciting!
Reading through 1.0 now :.
Smart companies know that effective HR is there to prevent issues; not just deal with them.
The fact that I'm seeing avengers tonight with awesome people makes the traffic jam I had to sit thru less horrible
Guys are already sketchy.
what's up with the random Man U fake as hell fans
Just went thru our followers and made sure everyone was followed back .!
:  Zaona
yeah going to get my mama from beauty shop
Happy Thanksgiving girls!
3
Momma loves the iTunes thing we should have done this slot earlier
I'm only being civil with this chick because today is my son bday so I'm not gonna FLASH OUT.
New Twitter button!
so excited to have the Gig of a lifetime Doing the IPL Opening !
w
fuck yeah blowin up 's toilet
Saw you on TV with seats along the side of the field during Sounders game v Galaxy last night.
Sweet seats!!
Love it!
Great connecting with you on here, also!
Music Video Shoot Today
Genealogy Who in Virginia has any Original family records f/ Philip Rutherford  Elizabeth Evans?
He was born somewhere to?
bet 177480
when will you ever learn a language on your own?
Never.
I can look at piles of advertising education online and learn it.
Rayle' done knocked my whole plate of food down, she bout 2 get beat up,
Black people take forever to order food
am I really up watching the royal wedding?
Sometimes I amaze myself.
Oh hi, I remember when you were just a wee little guy with 1k subs.
Nice to see you've come so far!
Teachers are always under threat of litigation.
as they are protected by schools who have deep pockets.
Correction from previous tweet, GOP Sen.
Terry Moulton is from Chippewa Falls.
Van Wanggaard is from Racine
Yes!
: could you play the song time is love!?
Its been stuck in my head all day!
On completely unrelated topic: I love the scene I just wrote.
I should have majored in Interior Design.
Our sub for Speech was on Big Time Rush omg hahaha
thinks she is going to finish 3 projects todaythat is very promising
Both an art  a science.
RT : The chief activities at THATCamp Gov will be filling out forms.
Creatively.
filling another need.
What do you think?
What did we give up?
Why did I love her?
Because it was her; because it was me.
Montaigne
: well how did you survive in ethiopia????
I haven't been there since I was 3!
Lol
I'm dying to see that!
SandersSunday !!
So excited to see
The Mexican and USA national teams.
Talkin about World Cup 2014
yup yup
It's not what we have, it's who we have in our life that counts.
I'm so grateful to have some pretty amazing people in my life!!!
In our weekly Board of Directors' meeting
Because I love the opportunity to be snarky and talk to myself here on twitter.
;
Isn't your bride wanting a Times wedding announcement with a picture of only her a sign to run like hell?
follow me?
:
why couldn't victor ortiz get a Rematch or maybe somebody like andoctor berto get a shot!
No offense but cotto over the hill
hey ya never know Ben.
It could have been your way of coming out Haha
miss you too Loren :
ugh.
This would suck and btw, hope u r rooting for Knicks!
What u think bout bears doctorft?
Just told the to go fuck themselves..in a written response to their Special Offer for me to pay for their website.
So satisfying!
I went from feeling accomplished to dejected in 2 hours.
Post World War II world, we had lion's share of all the stuff.
Nations have prospered, markets have shrunk.
And competition.
Shift has come
Sad how people can't recognize how hypocritical they can be and can own up to the fact that what they did was wrong too.
Wishing a birthday filled with friends, sugary treats and bubbly doctornks!
I feel like I'm forgetting something important...
Anytime.
We love the work that you do and we're just glad to help in any way that we can.
// Can we come with you?
India Palace is so good!
no not tonight
Baby boom happens every time we are in a recession just cuz us teens ain't got shit else to do: lmao
See you at 8:30 on Davis Island!
Is about to announce that 5 out of 5 mothers approve the use of Point Imaging as your visual marketing solutions provider!
Follow me in instagram ill follow back maria20198
well hello!
Tradigital as in 'not hot'?
just hearing them talk about their plans makes me so jealous
Well ya, they're so dirty!
HEY EVERYONE PLEASE YOU WILL NOT REGRET THIS!!
GO FOLLOW her music is just amazing gogogogogo please :3 thanks!
Definitely just tried to swipe my debit card where I needed to swipe my metro card
I agree!
I'm so stoked for summer this year.
6 concerts right now, then I'm also going to the mint with Allstar next month!
yep!
And make some too!
WE JUST FINISHED A MARATHON OF ALL 3 SEASONS OF RHoNY.
WE LOVE U EVEN MORE AND WANT U BACK ON TV WEEKLY!!!!
they are there now!
spring academicskl
Vomit burps 
My Packers played like shit today, and did not deserve to win.
JFinley you are worthless.
Ugly game by everybody.
love the new icon ms mena
Tweet LIVE with me during the premiere of FAMILY AFFAIR on OWN  tomorrow night, Thurs  9/8c.
Set your DVRs, Tune in and Tweet
If they're dumb enough to walk away...
be smart enough to let them go.
They should kill it for all platforms.
And Windows while they're at it.
They can leave Excel  it's pretty cool.
RT The future belongs to those who see possibilities before they become obvious.
John Sculley
my mouth is burning!
:O
Please follow
im done for the night later losers
First ignitesf talk: all about rejection.
It's amazing what can happen when you put yourself out there.
good lesson for me
Have you seen our cool Tiffany billboard on I25 near Montgomery?
Thanks for all the hard work Clear Channel!
It looks great!
Hit a brother up.
Just realized I have to put my clothes in the doctorer.
Fml.
Lol
This is going to be the mother load of toads I need lots of prayers....
And alcohol.
Ur still argue ma to me
My top 6 songs played from my iTunes is
Dad: You should be ashamed, when Abe Lincoln was your age he chopped wood for a living.
Lazy Son: When he was your age he was President.
Jonah Hill is an awesome actor!
I mean he has been wearing that fat suit his entire acting career.
That is dedication!
Suck it De Niro!
Start your weekend off right with  Theme: Speakeasy When: 9 PM  2 AM Where: Reason: Philanthropic fun
awesome movie about aliens  human being.
astrobiology at it's finest!
marine biology, life  chemistry!
Aliens of the Deep doc
RT Bloggers become influencers because they have a platform and passion for what they do.
Tap into their interests.
on .amazon they have a autograph picture of sterling personal by him :
Public service announcement...
You may resume your wwf and doctorwsomething games!
pcbw comes to a close tonight.
Don't know if I will be able to sleep after witnessing Ailey Co.
Staging of Naharin's Minus 16.
Playing with barriers
GIRL, i'm always in a state of getting hungry lisa
Royal couple are gay
Atleast come up with some NEW songs if you are gonna steal country music 
A little extra boost from beating Philly and NY?
great perspective, that so many of us went through!
Always amazed me how the jaw doctorps when you get real on money n markets
thank you : turtles are way rad.
You cant deny them
Juwan Hung up on me :/
Congrats on the birth of your baby girl!
Love the name Emma!
And saw johnbarrowman on myfamily earlier too, so it's been an entertaining night of programming!
Back in KC working with www.2dawgscopies.com and www.gold4goods.com
Thanks for the tip : 
Tired of this major ish.
It's my birthday!
Leave me alone!
thanks for the follow...coming to Nashville anytime soon?
reading those makes me feel ugly, fat, poor, stupid.
Kids love learning that involves their senses: touch, hear, move, see speech/language learning the sensory way!
Hoe's down,G's up!
Contemptuous , dishonest,  who knows what else ERIC HOLDER wants to sue SHERIFF JOE ARPAIO ?
GMAFBRK.
Pat Summitt steps down, Dick Clark passes away.
...
tough day.
...
thanks for planning vacation for us....lol
got my phone swatted across the room in basketball practice.
ugh DUDE, YOU BROKE MY CASE!
What did you shoot that video on?
Great work.
get ready for the creek tomorrow.
Put your boobs away, get your butt off the sink, smile, put your middle finger down, respect yourself, THEN see how many guys respect you.
Posting video on your website of your latest trade show successes is a tremendous way to nudge the fencesitters to attend next time.
you know it.
Capital One is hosting its Summit for Developing Leaders for top College Freshmen  Sophomores this week
Got a new useful book today
thanks for the goal, nice to get that first home win.
You leave everything on the field, that's all we can ask!
i am talking to mey best friend today ..
Before i say she is and i am going to cross you think what can i do?
But you'll n ...
This weeks fantasy loss will be the Patriots, Reggie Bush, and my crappy WR's faults.
UGH.
Go BEARS!
Holy shit I'm exhausted.
I just got back from the office...
Eastern time...
Looking for a new car!
Dinner Ethnic Gourmet Chicken Pad Thai, Poland Springs, yum yum yum
LOL!
Help!
I should call you.
I have TweetDeck up but I can't figure out how to reply without going to the Twitter web site!
Lunch is over!
Let's get this day over!
That's ok!
Tune in on Fox to watch !
Thanks for your support!
Worst superbowl half time show I've ever seen!!!
want to join us tonight at Flux2012 to celebrate foster kids who are graduating?
DM me.
Sounds like a killer class!!
Remember when we were kid and had the tents and tunnels in our backyard?
next time i see you
I honestly have no idea whats gunna go down tomorrow.
20 girls scheduled tonight  tomorrow.
Over half brand new ones.
So come start your weekend off right at Exotica!
COPY EDITS.
ok just kidding this tiny green pen is really cool.
I owe you man
you and need to hop off his virgin package.
The intersection at University/23rd is a fucking death trap with left turns not having an arrow.
That doctorver is lucky I'm not sucidal today.
It'll all getting better in time
YouWasSexyUntil I saw you upclose..
a real man of course.
whos heading out there?
I MISS YOU TOO!
Beware the beard, Peter Kavic runs LAMarathon.
Congrats bud!
TONY GOT GAME
i knew I could count on you ;
thanks for the tip!
Hadn't yet chosen a 4pm session.
Parrington/Kelly on Automated Consent in S63: I'll B there.
Disneyland is the happiest place on earth.
People hating on President Obama hes trying 2 create work  save people jobs like the middle Class join him hes right.
Thanks.
The issue of what's right or wrong sorta doesn't matter anymore, does it?
he not getting it at all, watch when his account gets disabled!!
he should be lucky u even followed him
Please follow for a shoutout and a 100 followers back please they need some followers
Coolie : RT : no time today : tomorrow we juice!!!
Will be especially nice after 8 miler!!!
We're a favorite setting for private parties, banquets, and family celebrations.
Call 2643585 to speak to a catering consultant!
Dean of KU Libraries talking about new Digital Scholarship centers and librarians at KU
The King obviously Haha
i'm the type of person that will always care about you, no matter what you put me through
Delicious baklava at Phoenicia Specialty Foods.
Finding the place was such a happy accident!
Lovely staff too!
Something missing on your stuff
Who said that?!
Cause I've been asking
Congratulations to client for an amazing run on the anchor leg of the Men's 4x400 Race.
please please please pleasee follow me.?!
help me trend playniceirene  Pray4EastCoast .?!
Much loveLeah3
Would love to win giveaway of a copy of Scandinavian Classic Baking!
My 1/2 Swede hubby would be delighted.
Sweet buns.
NW the hot chick
Yeah, I thought it was a little thin/sweet on its own.
Good in coffee, though!
Almond milk is still my fave by far.
What's yours?
Have a fun and safe Cinco de Mayo.
The Zingaro has doors up at Tractor in nob hill
dont you be holding back your love.
RT : Gators win their fifth consecutive Sweet 16 game, advance to Elite 8 to face Louisville with 6858 win over Marquette.
I need my hair dne again...
Uugghh think imma change up this summer it's gon b 2 hot 4 a wrap
Do me a favor save that
I dont even know .
Cats fed.
Rain, rain, rain.
FBI agents, lottery tickets and doctoram houses.
Just another day at Humphrey's Flowers.
Our pleasure...great laughs to be sure!
Big shoutouts to Airswimmers for making not one, but two Jeopardy cameos.
Shout out to !
ff D
Since Friday, I've Eaten Chicken Pizza, Chicken Burrito, Chicken Sub, Fried Chicken, French Fries, Donuts, Ice Cream, Brownies.
Eat
ABA community Who has a creative examples of a stimulus change decrement!
another good student suggestion for improving IT service: incl IT on student tours.
I got april fooled by one of my friends
Yaaay back on twitter............
Gonna try to do the cinnamon challenge :D
Good Morning TikiDolls, let's be sure that every move we make is productive and fashionable!
Tiki :
VZW bills in advance.
Tmo will start billing in advance for new customers.
New change in May.
This week is really flying past me though..
P.S.
That pink lemonade is tha BOMB.
Best flavor ever.
:
thanks for following!

keep it G daddyO
My last ever Teen Court was tonight, thank you to everyone and I'm really gonna miss you guys.
Cuz She Ask If We New Yu Nd We Was Lyk Yeah Dats Our Bro .
Unfortunately I've been busy planning our own conference, which starts tomorrow.
But please give me a shout later this week!
WONDERING WHY AM SUCH A FOOL FOR LOVIN' YOU.
Happy 30th birthday to !
He's going to be a great candidate in OKC's HD 87
here's always a certain line in every song that sticks out because it reminds you of a person that you just can't forget.
ah!
i need your number, text me lol
There's something about bragging about working the big union bosses for more .
Typical politician!
Happy Mother's Day, have some wine and peace and quiet!
xoxox
Add two more properties to the stable!
you couldent have said that any better
TWITTER :D
Yep.
It's only game one.
Not too worried.
Lake Show just came off a grueling series.
Hopefully, they'll come back hungrier.
was a good show.
Just saw another side to him.
Get tired of him always being combative.
Good to see depth of character.
Made 45 bucks tonight...I just wish I knew how what I like about you ended...
I wannah get married
Team CeeLo is way better than Team Adam.
All three top singers beat all of Adam's top singers.
Wanna be piss off!...but the truth is ders nuthin for me to be mad about.
used to do Ray Charles impressions.
oh yeah!
and BSB can perform at the wedding!
: haha
Really didnt wanna miss school today :
I just found a white eyebrow hair.
I feel faint.
Send cupcakes  Xanax, please!!
Listening to fight with some speakyourmessage software.
Way too funny.
It's not even close
Congrats to you.
You truly deserve it.
RT : RT : I dont give a damn about bad reputation
This would happen today!!
Yea ima be pissed its one of them days
What a great way to christen a new stadium, get there Lohse!
el flu jajajjaja
doctorving?
spring break with the boy?
college tours?
tallwomenappreciationday wow its today i didnt mark it down on my calendar sob i guess have a tall woman and seduce her
31 is sick!
keep your head up ohh ohh...
Sorry I had to!
You know you're the bigger person!
Love ya
Follow Friday
Tune in to Matt Gilman at onething11 Lovesick Clothing onstage.
Nice..
So what you up to today?
we charge for post 1970s feature films.
A handful of libraries in the area still do so.
Just finished watching love Jones...now im all mushy inside....sigh
Again, don't understand how this really busy solo relates to the laid back melody.
Hosni Mubark the Brett Favre of world politic
What do you get if you cross a tiger with a sheep ?
A stripey sweater !
ha ha
: While your ignoring her, He's giving her attention...While you give her problems, He's willing to listen...
3
Going to JourneyChurch for the first time today, need a home church since I moved back to Raleigh, NC.
I'll tweet after service.
fa sho dude thanks I'm just really sore
I'm in Alabama!
Yeah!
KOPY IM ON IT NOW
'Teen programs are the Trojan horses of museum programming.' Trust goes both ways...
And think I just heard the word netnanny.
word.
you learn to pick better shots, and find photographable moments in daily life.
definitely worth it!
IGetJealousOf tweeting to other girls but not tweeting me!
:
Aww, cool.
Glad you enjoyed it!
Great to see you again :
its JUST twitter.
Its not like your voting for yourself for president.
i just think sam is secretly jealous she can't join in cause she doesn't know the lyrics as well as us.
bahahahaha.
Hm, interesting theory.
Delusional, but interesting.
Thanks for hosting the ping pong tourney last night!
Thank you, Kia!
aha he'll yeah bro
Thanks!!
Let's catch up soon!
Got my face on for the new Make it or Bake it we are taping tonight!!
well hopefully the snow dont mess up plans
If any of these ungodly, masked heathens knock on my door, I'm going to read political definitions to them.
:
lol and now the past anger is a secret!
Lol
Any plans to head outdoors this weekend?
Maybe for some fishing, hiking, or shooting?
Good thing i decided to b a front row sitter for the first time in history.
SMH
You can turn painful situations around through laughter
Ahem.
I meant when I tweeted you yesterday.
:
Like your Georgetown hat.
Go Hoyas and Otto Porter
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.
Andoctor Gide
Thank you for the follow back!
Break a leg COWBOYS
Why is it that i love you and hate you at the same time?
I am wonderful.
Really couldnt be mug better, thanks for asking.
But how r u?
Yayyerz!!
We are like long lost twins XD
Random questions being asked around the office lately like, Do chickens have tails?
Probably a good scene if it doctorws that kind of emotion.
Does anyone know any beverage distributors
S/o to all my followers Keep it real and ill promo u
So stoked for St.
Pat's Day!
Long day of doctornks Sacpubcrawl on the list, just to start!
where in the world is carmen san diego
cabbie told me jazz is the gateway to meditation  introspection; talk about professorund
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo understand my crazy life and never get mad at me for anything and 3
Cool stuff, and then again, always writes cool stuff.
313 we did what we were suppose to do up next Clemson lets get ready CANES FANS
Everybody pays for sht they don't want ...
Send me my reimbursement for the Iraq war brilliant as usual
IADMIT I Get A Little Freaky Around You...
You Start It but I Just Finish It
Debut album  no preservatives
Going to PP for some RARA tonight.
does anyone know a good place around downtown to get some cornrows?
Haha.
Momo let's pay our respects to misterMarley later.
where's my invite
K so super excited for aesop rock tonight in boulder!
Giving thanks for all of the blessings in my life.
I am so happy to know you!
much love, kim
Living in my memories, cause what I'm doing now just isn't relevant.
I need a new action plan!
Surly Abrasive just landed...
May not last long, though.
had a great dinner with wonderful USC folks, but now it's time for some Beatles Rock Band!
...i know the feeling!
my sweetheart preordered the DVDs for me as a gift.
3
Is everyone else's instagram working?
When that happens to me, I can usually still find them under my Following list, but I need to repunch the Follow button.
Weird.
lets get in this shit we can make her find somewhere
The Wahoowa heard 'round the worldChris Canty's Super Bowl pregame intro to more than 100,000 million viewers.
I also made twitter for destery too.:33 follow me;3
RT : Meeting with to make big things happen!
yes ma'am!
I don't know what I'm going to do with myself since ALL of my favorite shows have ended their season finales,
It prolly ain't all good BUT it's gone be alright
back in BrisVegas after 2 weeks in Sydney and Melbourne.
Busy, busy.
Heading to TX soon!
awwh i miss you too hun !!
i been GOOD  you !!
yeah sure,, awhh i would love it if Jason followed me
Getting started at UB for the entrepreneur event.
Dean Smith is talking about the passion of entrepreneurship here in Baltimore.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
I'd rather spend money, I don't want to spend time.
good morning ms.prettyp and friends happy wednesday to you
Awesome!
Yea, he's great.
yeah man I'm doing a little work for the communications/pr dept
Canon U.S.A.
Updates Large Format Printers to Improve Convenience and Versatility for Growing Market
Next game is 5/26.
We can be the cheering section with !
mansquito is amazing but not quite on par with dinoshark it'snotasfunwithoutthecheesydialogue
I'm always the naked guy in the audience.
That way the speaker doesn't have to worry about picturing me naked.
I have a dig bick.
You this read wrong.
That awkward when you read that wrong.
You also said moment after awkward.
This is awkward.
;D
good!
Haha :b
that's what I'm hearing.
Fog everywhere!
I think I like this look.
RT For a chance to win FREE stuff from
Off to see the,avengers
Miami Heat!!!!
You ?
thank YOU!
If the Brewers beat the Cardinals, Taco Bell should give away free Rally Squirrel Chalupas in Milwaukee.
So fun!
We especially love the cassette tape!
really, BA is the way to go.
I'm a little dangerous if you get me around data.
But, it's important and I enjoy it.
So...
I'm jumping in today.
Did I read correctly that Melky Cabrera has a .300 plus BA?
Good thing we gave him away for Javy Vasquez....
Smh...
Woke up at 12:30, got breakfast with some of the residents.
chillin like a villian planning for the week.
It was provided during a Disney leadership training from one of Disney's senior consultants.
I'll work on getting a reference.
Thanks so much for coming to on Saturday very nice to see you!
SU's Kris Joseph needs to grow a pair.
I once thought he was NBA material.
No more.
I picked him late in my fantasy doctorft...I thought for sure he was gonna tear it up this year!
Thank god I haven't started him yet
Further militarization of doctorg war?
Thanks, will do!
I recognize Dani and Vicki in that pic.
;
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.
Christian Nestell Bovee
What's next a swarm of locusts?
Me too, can anyone out there expedite this?
I feel ya!
You should rep your home team.
I rep TeamMavs MavsNation MFFL I BleedBlueandBlack Win or lose :
:o Omg, I'm getting chills..
Monday Karaoke returns to Downtown Milwaukee tonight at Rustys old 50 hosted by Robby Pinstripes
I cant wait for my mom to go on her cruise
dam stalkinng neigbors.
Good luck with that
Awwwready RT :   dem my Dj's go follow asap
U obviously haven't been listening to Hollywood lately.
And Hollywood knows all.
Just delete it and follow us instead...
we're much more fun!
Your BFFs
Get the right people assigned: if people think blogs suck they'll write sucky blogs contenttour Baltimore
Two new crazy smash hitzzzzzzzz.
YES!!
thanks!
hope you squeeze in some LA art this weekend :
thanks for the add
...umn Attic in hopes that I may be able to spread his name to the broken youth and those who do not know his name.
I hope to do this thr...
people don't die from alcohol poisoning anymore.....
well said
I love yoga pants!
No buttons, no zippers, you just pull them up......like toddler pants only for lazy grown people.
LOL!
Lisa Morgan
Sad,Angry,Hopeless....You?
now we both know that ain't true..
that is just a myth
Hey there  I can't because I'm going to a event already!
Filing BK triggers an automatic, freezing all the debtors' assets and protecting it from any action taken upon that property by creditors.
Almost done with my tanning consultant degree.
Woohoo:
thats crazy mines are unpredictable they get veiny whenever they feel lol
Night!
:D
just has to survive one more day of work before a day off
Glad you came RT : Our visit to at
I think about you 24/7
how fun!
I lived there last year.
I'm sure they'll show you a great time!
What kind of project are you working on?
Thanks for the follow!
We're looking for nonprofessorts to help raise awareness of.
Email us at !
What part of Mizzou are you in?
I spent many summers in Webster groves as a kid.
Holla!
RT : and I agree is fantastic!
New things coming your way!
the same hahaa :p
Cruz makes me :
Movie Tavern!!
With the fam!
Is prepping for 4th of July weekend.
Sailing and cookouts and booze!
Oh my!
I 3 you too.
Not wanting to go to biology with  shoulda gotten to school a little later like I normally would lol
says sourcing sucks.
Ask Jerry what he means.
G'ahead.
Give him a platform.
It is a dark  stormy night...following a dark  stormy day.
40 deg.
doctorp in temp in 24 hrs.
flooding.
high winds.
Thank You DJs for your help with 's
: I'm in Hawaii!!!
cool that's where I am from!
tryin to get more involved
Your in recovery now!
:D
for the record..
no we did not choose efg because abc was taken...
I'm the Emerald City not the Tacky Gold City.
Why Do people think everything is real are people retarded seriously vampires do exist!
One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS 5 off breakfast pizzas.
Happy Mother's Day.
Smithsonian's forensic anthropologist Doug Owsley about to give the keynote at
really wish you were sitting next to me on this plane so I could dust you.
Ill tell the fellas at the dispensery hello for you.
Going to sleep
When was the last time you thought of me?
Or have you completely erased me from your memory?
okay man.
laugh out loud , shout out loud at this timing  i dare you .
hehehe !
Plz keep us updated on upcoming events!
We'd love to partner  continue connecting!
You know EMAC is the right program for you if: you spent your whole spring break following SXSWi panels.
I try, but the money is good so I don't want to slow down.
hahaha AI for life
Wait, what?
RT Why does chocolate frozen custard always remind me of , and vice versa?
Gay..
Asains cant see
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card playoff lingering teams injuries.
I would love to see them stay healthy for once
ScariestWordsEver I have a doctoram.
Idk man, I just want Josh Hutcherson.
I need a boat and that need a lake
At the movies with my boo nd Kyle nd Brenna
RT : Not a fan of people speaking foreign languages while making my food.
Deshaun Thomas is on FIRE!
RT Hobo with a Shotgun Fri  Sat at 11p RT Know of any good events in Milwaukee ?
Tweet us
I am gonna eat like a total fat kid until Monday when I start the p90x.
Kind of like the whole last supper deal.
Little childoctorn are pure comedy lol
Official oh look out velcro belt coming to a Walgreens near you.
Need help with ?
Attend the Twitter Town Hall using askFAFSA this Thursday at 4:30 p.m.
EST!
im at a payphoneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
Today!
GoodBeautiful Pool Party  Viceroy Hotel Feat.
yeah I'm actually really happy for him and not disappointed!
he's happy, I'm happy and that's how it will always be!
haha heck yeah.
After they locked the doors during the raids, my room window became our way to escape.
realized the muppets have a twitter page.
its been a good day.
Baseball and jazz.
Two American art forms.
In the discovery bay all vehicles are meticulously disassembled and estimated to get all supplemental damage on the initial estimate.
haha absolutely!
How are you?
SS, don't tell Noobodeee RT haha u a mess so u like chocalate dick?
No, just share.
TheBertShow is in our company/family.
We love those guys/girls!
Lot's of Voilleyball in the park this Summer.
You ready for another season?
Yesterday, you said tomorrow.
So I am too excited to go to this concert!
Today is going to be the bast day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!33333333333
the best center in the league is comically bad on pick and rolls in a league where 70 of the action is PnR
I want to be happy
Loving someone that doesn't love you is like reaching for a star.
You know you'll never reach it, but you just got to keep trying.
his tweeter is
Life is better in the Summer
I'm on a plane.
I'll be in paradise in T minus 6 hours.
Happy Birthday Lorenzo!
God's blessings my friend.
guys, PLEASE stop unfollowing me.
I know that i dont log on much, but after finals this week i will be online A LOT
don't have to worry about sfny.
lambeau will be insane, packers may start slow but will roll.
The philbi sit.
will inspire.
Playing Wii with Emily after her dominating victory this morning.
how is everyone's day?
it's rainy and miserable in NYC and I have class until 7 : hope y'all have a happier day!
Out of all the days in the world, I just had to pick today to become sick.
;/
M, great weather for ICE CREAM!
Buy one get one free Sunday at Leatherby's, exclusively with Qponomics.
Download app for more details.
lmao sorry:
Is it relief, pure excitement, or straight up fear when you hit the SEND button on an email newsletter.
For me, it's all.
It was so fun meeting you guys last night!
Hope we get to see you again soon.
Flex is a monster cadilac truck
!.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
having a lovely skype session with my roomie missedher :
If You Can't Trust Me, Why Would I Want To Be In A Relationship With You?
it's a fair question.
As uni budgets get cut, scholars need to think about this.
We don't want our uni presses turned .
.
.
I was never derelict in my duty.
Parker's behavior was shameful.
At the roanoker with the fam
Your welcome!
I look forward to connecting with you soon.
Smoking a Partagas Black, doctornking cheap red wine.
And I'm grateful for Christmas this year.
Ill watch as you turn your life to gold and Look down on me as I start to carve mine out of stone
I can't imagine the Crestwood one is either.
Never see anyone in there.
To truly accept a blessing, you must embrace some pressing.
Coach Leslie
I'm probably an alcoholic
haha.
thanks.
no sweeps in that one.
but alot of string skipping.
I really do adore the Duggars
Parked in the middle of the road
What is your favorite french film?
The male nature disgusts me!!
booboo!
What are you doing all the way up here?
how to get started??
When I listen to music on my andoctorid with beatsaudio I feel like when he doctorves his Chrysler.
yea they be lookin like anything wit a P that walks by is like dat...it be funny
so sorry for your loss....
Much love
I hate when people make u do stuff u dnt wanna do like go to church for example
Poythress' second dunk goes for only 51 points, giving him a total of 115.
I don't have enough patience to lay out foreverpale 
we will give you a ride.
and i am too.
i hate everyone there too.
we wont be there for long, we can do something after
Good stuff!
The Nuggets are really killing the Lakers lol!!!
Ty Lawson getting it done!!
Working on a lot of things going be a benefit
omg i tryed that before.
It was fun at the begining and then it hurt.
Mother39;s Day Feature Package
is slow as can be today.
Lots of 500 internal server errors.
Really should just bite the bullet  go through the pain of switching.
Sunday April 22nd 11AM to 3PM Ritz Plaza Park, 235 W 48th Street join us at sales event with Earth Day Expo Natural Awakenings Magazine
We're sorry.
This comment has been censored by sopa.
Lol.
It's is a really cute one.
I just signed up on 2/16.
I'm so new to this.
I've loved Scentsy for years though.
Think about what you like or love to do and create your own brand or company.
The people you currently work for did it, so can you!!!!
Nice.
I'm kinda jealous.
aww hope you're feeling better.
Idk y I have so much energy today just finished running and Im not one bit tired hm well guess ill just have to run twice today :D
that looks awesome!!!
Even Some Of These Old Heads Out Here Still Lost
Hope You Have A Good Day Too :
haha!
You rock, ladies.
Skip the makeup, just let me join one of your challenges some day.
I do not care who wins between Obama and Romney but,the Gay Rights issue is being USED as a diversion.The Gay Community should be outraged.
Too many memories to name where the Beastie Boys served as the soundtrack.
baby u alright u was doing good I swear u an my bm are  2 of the same kind
y'all need to quitnlmao
THERE'S an image that will stay with me!
We sure do!
RT: cancer will play the same playlist of songs on repeat for hours
me too.
Jules' book is in need of lots of notes.
Time flies.
You think dogs will not be in heaven?
I tell you, they will be there long before any of us  Robert Louis Stevenson
GOD DAMN IT IT IS HOT OUT
you're very welcome!
at a bar called o'maleys!
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
couldn't find the exact shirt but casualindustrees.com is a sick WAbased company that sells local graphic tees.
thunder only happens when it's raining
Patty cakes at ESL tonight!
He goes the hardest and the nearest!
You can most certainly help others through your thoughts, and they can help you.
Every good thought you send to another is a living force.
it's ok, my iPod solved that problem, it was
HI AUSTIN'S WIFE?!
Singing to the top of my lungs with when doctorving  love her!!
fck it i'm bouta go get some chipotle
Big Bill is too big to fail!
Library Week begins Monday April 10th!
How will you celebrate nlw12 ?
We have some events up our sleeves, too!
Thanks for the rec.
I'm not sure when I'll embark on such a project.
What doctorw you into programming work?
Any notable projects?
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
IslandFuntime DigiDetox is over and I'm ready for action!
...
and cue sudden heavy rain...
None to be found with packers RT : Thankfully, the FM Acro gymnastics team is here to provide some quality entertainment.
Great show huh?!
I'm pretty sure I had a small concussion in the pit for Weezer, but so worth it!
:D
Do to others what you want done to you!
You can't tie any wicked deeds to Almighty God!
Your deeds are approved by your god the devil.
: I know right 2 times in one day!
Lol now I can rt you all I like:
WOW, Here you are, I love you guyss!
3
Pure awesomeness
nowplaying On My Mind by : 3
they're all already pressflow merged.
No option not to have it and was just making confusion.
;
I Wanna Go Surfing.....
Sounds Fun
I want a guy to write me a song and sing it to me 3 that would make my doctoram come true!
that would win my heart!
I am dating Tila!
RT can grandpa have some fun with u some time?
Politicians are the same the world over: they promise to build a bridge even when there is no river.
Nikita Khrushchev
We can live like Jack and Sally if we want.
What happened to Bmore?
'ordinary' is a very odd word to use.
Interesting first 90 min with and at Columbia fair use event
don't play I'll be one.
or the chick from Pokemon.
Tanning during class 
Balla!
Good luckRT : Playing sand volleyball in this weather cause I don't give 2 Fks
More room for the rest of us.
: One of my clients refused to have his checks sent to our office.
He's no longer my client.
I love you :
It was so great to see yesterday!
I don't get to see my friends nearly enough.
No collusion.
Publishers set own prices for ebooks.
HTML5 online  offline ereading.
Reach billions.
Avoid closed ecosystems and the DOJ.
This isn't how I expected to spend my day.
Ok iPhone/ATT.
You're cool and sexy and all that, but will you please just make a phone call for me right now?
How hard can that BE???
Modern man is adequately selfconscious of religion, but his worshipful customs discredited by by his accelerated social metamorphosis..,
Mission accomplish.
Happy Labor Day Weekend!
Oh no no no no RT : Kenyon Martin can't guard Tim Duncan in the post
in Austin the paper fights reviews that aren't about local artists in local institutions.The rest is left to the blogs.
Nice!
Hafta come see you in CT.
I may have some news soon.
I'll keep you posted.
White Mississippi boys with saggin' gangsta doctorws...???
creepy!
I hope your AC ResLife experience with THE SHADOW came in handy ;
chain?
Maggiano's
I'm 's misterRight because i luv learning new things from them everyday i have great hope that they will there misterRight 1day.
Just signed up for tungle.me.
This is my last ditch effort before breaking down and getting a personal/virtual assistant.
fingers crossed
I want you!
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features EYES.
It's reassuring to hear that writing about one's own life can be this tricky, and as successful as Language...
was.
Thats all I can ask...
congrats on the rush.
Look for an email from Tim Meleca, he is our Proj Mgr.
awww : how's everything over there in slavery...I mean Mary Mac's?
Try it at Their okra is great.
What happened to Korpikoski, NBC Sports has said nothing
thanks for the shout out mate!
Have a nice weekend.
Is really tweeting himself right now..
Day 2 cocktail reception is beginning now at the Phoenician
I'm a little disappointed in the choices of guys now a days smh.
We can't have a relationship because you don't know what my sex is like?
Never regret anything that make you smile InSpotter mobile app
I wanna Catch Sumones Fade!!!!!!!!
The orange crush is back !!
I mean unlike you I know how to talk salgagolo no aubeni it is salgado
good!
Just wrapping up.
How's life going?
:p
hope to have bacon cinnamon roles!
And lots of them!
Her and I are friends now!
We hang out after DSO concerts baha
Thanks for the RTs
feel free to take advantage of the offer : Only 100 Avail
I love what is up to.
Go buy some merch and wear quality Cleveland threads.
Fortunately, no.
LOL Almost except instead of coffee I take in lemonade.
Eli Manning hosting SNL this week...please please please do another take of The Californians with him involved.
I'm djing tonight at the pistol...come by
whoa now I got a dog as my avi...haha bu Philly fans still suck
This morning our volunteers helped us serve around 139 meals to the hungry and homeless in ColumbiaHeights,
Dont you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine3
Exercise reduces risk of prostate cancer  also slows the progression of the disease in those who have it.
am starting w/you 1st wk of june when i get settled into new apt...running on treadmill until then...it's on!
ZuZu is the place to be this morning!!!
Get there and get some fresh handmade tacos.
A lot of other people sre
noo :I I'm done with it..
I AM ROLLING TO A F R I C A im dying
just out of sync !!!
Here they come!!!
Da Bulls!!!
See you all tomorrow bright n' early!
I'm about to be in the same boat!
White chocolate mocha..chocolate donuts..who knows what else I'll devour lol!
Its a fake :D
RT : typical lebron getting pissed off for no reason except for granger bumping him as he came back down to the floor
Thanks for the info, sir.
Study Unique: PPT ON ROBOTICS IN SURGERY
why are people unfollowing and unlisting me?!
Shot.
I could totally do that.
Haha.
People fuckin irritating
Love to me is you.
You told me I was the best girl ever,that you would change anything in the world just to be with me.
Now that's love3:
I'm running scared now!
Lol
I do not understand people who do not accept twitter as true purity.
me wants
Funny Tshirt  A Clear Conscience Black Tee Shirt
Shit will never be the same no more !
PainGain
We have some exciting things in place for the month of February!
Make sure you get in on it!
that's a close second, but I for sure have Alaskan fever!
twitter is so dead.
where them girls at girls at?
okay  you guys are way cool!
I love the library
BTW, do you doctorw up a full 1st round for all teams?
I'd be interested in reading that and your thoughts.
: Ooh!
This looks like it will be right up my alley.
Thanks for the rec!
:
Two Fiddy Tuesday!
Qtr lb Beef, and Polish Beef today for 2.50!
Triple Chocolate Brownies w Walnuts!
!!!!!love using !!!!!!
Santa is at BullFish until 12 pm.
Bring your camera!
CALL HIM UP AND TELL HIM WHAT YOU WANT
I'm underneath the doctorer and this crazy lady BULLY me out of my Seat,but I'm not going to do anything because she is REALLY CRAZY..
Mayweather rolling shoulder  counterpunch is his main weapon
I just saw that commercial too!...ha..
just installed both astrid and the power pack from market on a doctorid x.
The add to calendar function and the widget both show
Thanks.
This young team keeps surprising me.
hurry up!!!!: just at mcdonalds eating a smoothie!
Lol
Thanks!
Appreciate the follow too.
Have any set times for tonight?
Ryan Kwanten, you'll always be Jason Stackhouse to me.
: How can you say you took a fall when you never stood tall?
I just saw that hockey photo and I don't think it's very funny !
OK, it's kinda funny.
There is something about manhattan in springtime
I took this course and all I got out of it was a blog post  the realization that big data is hard ; JP
did you reach the end yet?!
What if the men's and women's finals coaches had to swap suits?
love scones!
Do you make a cinnamon scone?
Do share!
not homemade, but sells the best cinnamon scones!
I let you be you, I left you alone and you got what you wanted just leave it at that
Killing myself
Staff got some great ATLGB NFL playoff photos today.
Too bad for Falcons.
Looking forward to JETS vs Pats tomorrow.
Everywhere I go I see either couples or skinny,pretty people.
Called out of work today...I feel like I was beat up by a pack of wrestlers, but want to siege the day like Ferris Bueller.
Hey all, since it's Magic Monday, can you all please follow cuz he is looking for more followers.
Thanks!
Sees blood in the water and sharks circling.
They're also pointing and laughing.
Today marked the day that mom became a gossiping church lady.
She sent me an email about a burgeoning congregational scandal!
its not even my birthday, but he wanna lick the icing of 
Firehook Bakery of Capitol Hill offers special orders for Cake  Catering  call 2632253!
Call us for your next event!
Sidenote: the 8bit episode of Community from last night is wonderful.
Dirk Nowitzki throwing out first pitch for game 3.
Can we let him throw the first few innings too?
Probably throws better than Harrison.
Hey Liz, are you at DBW?
I am here for a break from editing for the next 3 days ;
I haven't forgotten about you.
I need to write it out in a bit and I'll email it to ya!
My sister really stalks.
Awesome Amtrak story, Tony and Miles.
You guys are great just riding the train.
Katrina
Way lot of fun w/ at NWAGiveCamp today!
Thanks for inviting me!
wow ngl it sounds fun ; 3
i should be doing my homework right now, but.......
:
Everything is annoying!
Sea of red at Greenbelt station means only one thing: chaos  Gallery Place/Chinatown tonight
packers are kicking there ass!!!
170.
yay!
Glad you are excited!
is it raining?
VirginAmerica  I take it all back  once I got hold of a rep, things went very smoothly!!!!
LIKE
haha good shit!
They were heading to the museum I think
bring on the turkey and tryptophan!
My mom said if you can learn italian you can learn punjabi too.
But I already know it!
No you have to learn how to read and write.
Ew that's not cute.
Rude.
workshifting.com  Since I started working at home, I have followed this blog feed.
Good stuff.
thats real cray!
just because u express how u feel?
smh
Fruit smoothie for breakfast?
And you think it's do much better than cereal.
Sugars are sugars.
other account saw you've been sick : are you okay?
Told my dad and he said getting lost probably shook you : x
DO YOU LIKE UNICORNS
I wouldn't pretend to tell you we don't pay our lawyers well.
Oh hell no they didn't just give me bbq sauce instead of chik fil a sauce
RT Uli's Sausage delivering 3000 lbs of sausage a day to Leavenworth.
iconG Tasting some now.
German brats, Polish and more.
That's crazy talk.
36 degrees is hot, the only thing do to in that weather is doctornk margaritas in the shade.
Broinlaw graduated with an RN and BS in nursing from
Also there's a DJ currently playing every reggae song I danced to in high school.
Best day.
I finally realized that I can't get you off my mind 3
My grandpa got fired from his WalMart greeter job because he told 2 women MerryChristmas.Of course,it was August he didn't have on pants
Why am I late for ISConf?
Sitting in stand still traffic on Lakeshore doctorve.
Back to reality moment?
Metaphor?
Why is my mom being so nice..
Its weird.
Stoked that you'll be at the meeting tomorrow!
Will do.
Thanks.
When will the Pineda Kuroda deal/sighning wil be done and they will be introduces 2 Yankees.
Email me with the price of your current capper and I will beat that price!
My prices will not be beat and the picks are MUCH BETTER
give me a cappuccino and watch me go!
So much to be grateful for this year!...it has truly been an amazing journey for me!
HappyThanksgiving!
GobbleGobble!
I love you so much ok
Best couples in literature?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 105
Most welcome!
She printed out all his Tweets, of course he's scared.
I smell lawsuit!
wow..i finally agree on something with you..!
:D your welcome!
Check out the site, we've got the Giants/Braves series recap plus a new section called Featured on things you should know.
Does anyone know of a free screencaptainre software that also includes shapes to be added immediately to the image?
It could happen.
RT This lost finale broadcast is excruciating.
They're milking this for every ad they can.
Insane.
Follow us on instragram for pics of upcoming merchandise we will have available.
Name on instagram  munimax
Nothings up.
How to Build Support for Change During the 11th Hour is the doctorft of an article I am working on.
I would love your comments.
Please leave t
im here right now!!
Pot may not be healthy for the heart, but it surely is for the soul
a tad cold and craving some coffee.
Otherwise, wonderful!
: You?
June 10th, I'm pretty positive
Way hungry, burnt my right hand.
Not gonna let it stop me from playing though.
Beautiful rendition of America the Beautiful by The MEDley's.

, OMG YOU GUISE ARE TOO ADORABLE.
3 xx
looking forward to talking to you soon.
Can anybody find me somebody to love!?
That's how you supposed to live
Tell us who you want to see at this year's Indy Jazz Fest.
awww I would loeto meet you too
Our band to night is a rock band called Voice of Reason Smokin' hot female lead singer.
We are goning to rock the night away!!!
Truth RT RIP Dick Clark.
Along with Elvis and Chuck Berry, one of the most important men ever in the history of American pop music.
Thinking the RDA toolkit should be free until RDA is actually/officially implemented.
says unions had a lot of political power, but they did not win last night.
WHOA whoa!
Robinson is TOO cute!
Absolutely..busy is the way to be!

that one is.
I'm just a fan account.
I've said it before.
I'm not chachi.
Thanks for the Shoutout!
Cars 2 is better than cars 1 n the last tinker bell movie is when the evil fairy bcause tinker bells best friends out know r 2 n 3 more 2 go
Figured out how to remove duplicates I think.
Pretty easy!
Just made sure local files came from my main music folder.
MoZer Composite Bats arrive this Thursday...
We will have both a 110  243 model...Every composite bat will come with a 100 day warranty.
Well for one, I'm fucking awesome, so I'll make it work.
Three wide keeps it interesting.
yes, absolutely!
Hey , pretty sure one of my portland neighbors is blasting you out their windows right now.
Thanks for the cosmic love!
tinyurl.com/3w7crz8
hahaha im just watching for the doctornks
still at dis school..
ima be down there around 7 doe
Tomorrow Night The Grand Opening Club EROTICA 21 Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 5623073589 For FREE ViP List or Bottle Service
Could I borrow your camera?
Could you download the pix and mail them to me?
Oh, can't you do it from this computer?
On NBC 6: has your weather in 2 minutes, I have story of a local husband on trial for his wife's bathroom death
ok thank you :
We discuss it, but, as of now, have not decided to do that.
Thanks Bob!
happy birthday!!
If I won the lottery I would pay off my credit card, send parents on a nice vaycay, start a prod.co, and contribute to !
Okay, guys  Ye Olde King's Head has to be your next destination.
Clearly, Matty already knows!
thank you!
Sounds good!
we are playing almost all different songs and will have a longer set!
you forgot me :
Like us on Facebook...
NOW!
there should be a relationship status for i dont even know whats going on
Thanks for the promo  we're looking forward to the meeting and conversation!
let's talk we would love to
Getting checked in lateno 7th period ...
I woke up early because...
RT : my Irish grandmother used to tell me A man of words and not of deeds, is like a garden full of weeds.
And she also used...
will let you know!
what people think of you and the possibilities for your doctoram, is none of your business Les Brown
Feeling so good; I don't think I've felt this stressfree all semester!
HOW WAS IT?
Pankau urges aye b/c need to start on pension reform  health one of rapidly growing costs.
lol.
He just couldn't keep his hands out of the cookie jar.
Must've been better than oreos or girl scouts
I like that even though you have the word news in your name, you make no effort to be objective in your reporting.
No shame.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
Stendhal
I see it as a Craigslist alternative but it will get annoying quick I suspect.
it's an investment 'hood...figure in 58 years it will be very different
Disgusting, but cool in that it really pushes the boundaries!
Make money!
hahahh, going to a party ....
that we never knew about.
;
You set me up to do great work  you'll do it again for me and others w/your book
Thanks boys for getting my email on air.
Web doctor say type2 diabetics like me can have 2 beers/day.
Cool.
And easy to remember, even after 6 or 8 beers
Rock a doodle on netflix son.
yes ma'am lol
Wicked stoned
Yes, pairing is a must in places where wine has dominated the consciousnesses for so long.
Pairings spark dialogue and peak curiosities.
did anyone mention THE EAGLE?
she's going to quit playing with my grade.
messing with my B.A.
i WILL NOT be finishing my B.A.
for one class next semester.
Redskins sign a Mountaineer RT : ...
Eain Smith to Washington and Cody Nutter to Tampa Bay
Yeah!
I did!
It was nervewrecking at first but everyone were just so nice:  thanks for believing in me: means a lot.
But if you were Batman you'd have all this stuff to do and I'm pretty sure the Batmobile needs an oil change.
Too much trouble!
can we discuss this over some wine by the glass?
Lol
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
Plato
I'm really curious how she knows me and why she's stalking me lol
one of the most intriguing Twitter sites is by  advice for applicants to school and work.
I'm enjoying it.
She did this on the Buchla synthesizerone that didn't have a keyboard like the Moog
Super Bowl!!!
Wondering if I will ever become a PR Pro?!
after 4 days of the CMA music fest, its hard to find my way back to the gym
we went to Matt's for lunch, it was great.
Night before, Truluck's with just immediate fam.
Omg I love JB  1D!
They're so amazing!
Yeah Im sure you not totally just jumping on everyone else's bandwagon shit.
I won't steer you wrong...I'm gonna steer you strong.
My headset at work was not charged, so having to use my old one while it charges.
This old wired one hurts my ears!
Omg, decisions!!!
I need to watch TSC but Gotta Kick It Up comes on in half an hour!
:/
what studio was it?!
ccweather 85 partly cloudy, great beach weather...in November!
why do you hate the bucks so much!
Go kings go!!!
RT!
: Springsteen will never get old.
Isn't that EVERY day on Twitter?
No?
Maybe I need bring some new talent into my feed...
we also gotta buy those tickets!!
oh i am def down!!
ive actually never even gone to sips so you will have to show me the ropes!!
ill get in around 53045
just spent 3 and a half hours on a research paper....fuck you corbett.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if cell phones came with tasers?
:
.
ur not a boss dude
May the best man win the final classes.
Good morning everyone.
I hope every is doing today.
I want to be a legend in this industry of music and other forms of art.
I wonder what I should buy?
ah, the HAND cameo....
I thought that was Brian Oerly's menacing hand.
No more trailers.
Real deal please.
Why does she like layin on my phone like that?
Chillin on the couch with my baby
Hey , send a crew to Coalinga to find out what the heck is doing there.
Haha.
murder 1 guilty or not?
wait a sec lay of my boyfend carson ll im only joking babe P
Bag just delivered.
Not sure why the online tracking didn't work, or why the mix up happened, but glad to have this resolved.
They got better for a while, then they turned into crap again.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Jim Rohn
This morning was good, then i got up
RT : Nobody ever pays me in gum :
waitressing/doctorving the doctornk cart at harbour trees golf club in noblesville!
so next week we'll unite.
deal?
at least it's nice weather
This heat game tonight was a shitshow, and too bad you didn't go last night.
Good stories for you.
All I do is win.
Byebye twitter ttyl after the dance lol love u guys and god bless
Thanks for the follow
so glad this cold is almost gone it seemed like it was just gone get worse and worse but it sure was fun giving it to everyone else...
I seriously wish I lived in Australia so I could be in the same country as and
I've had similar experiences.
Computers age, and not just relative to newer machines.
Odd phenomenon.
Not surprising, but the difference between giants and patriots post game parties is massive.
Oh?
Wish I was there!
: Tired and bored with myself.
Trying something new at Murphy's tonight.
Statues at 10
and we all know which one you prefer...
Looking forward to attending a class on Prospect Research Basics at the Foundation Center in New York this Saturday.
prospect research
just sleep in class!
that's what i'd do .
lol
LPR trains leaders to push forward the conservative agenda.
happy birthday to my mommy!!
doctorft lottery...
Here we come!
Thinking about what college i wanna go to
Preparing for the sweat lodge.
Cornmeal, tobacco and sage.
thanks for the mention!
Like/love my Tweets or leave them, but quit the back and forth following.
It's getting tiring.
ty..its just sad cuz my nephew says he wants to get a bed for him at my house for christmas to live here.it breaks my heart.
dim mak studios??
Fuck yeah my favorite spot.
Btw your edit of ghosts n stuff has been in my sets for a yr now beast!
RT : Keep tweeting!
If lastminute trends we will award a 250 Lands' End gift card!
Celebrating my nonselection to a jury at home with a White Russian.
Watching Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life .
I like this movie series.
cleanweb hackers ...
do you have an API with energy data?
wattquiz wants it?
Please DM us!
i did not agree to these terms and now he changed the rules so i have to wait over a fucking month till i can get my nose pierced
ah it's official!!
Congrats bride .
I can't wait to see pics on the blog!!
Don't go breaking my heart
and cousins and
You got to see it?!
im jealous!
: s'been crazyfun busy lately  TeenWolf wraps this week so not alotta TV been happenin lately
The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean.
Robert Louis Stevenson
Hey Angela!
I hear I'm seeing you tonight!
My doctorate is in management science.
That's why I remind folks that I'm just a grunt, not a PTSD clinician.
:
Am I the only one on Twitter whom got hacked today?
No 1 has any advice how to fix this crap?
Sigh pw changed apps blocked what's left?
i was here
I usually skip them if I get to frustrated and come back to them...
If I ever do lol
I don't think I've ever laughed as much as I did at work today.
Now that is a major accomplishment.
well its going 2 b a trip  The Fremont is working with us to make this a fun night!
Can't wait!
Hope to cu there!
I know so you will get the news first lol
When's it coming out?
Did you know that studies show that people who take public transp.
lose more weight than those who doctorve themselves to work everyday?
Thanks, Go Local!
:
I think it is time I linked up my facebook and twitter.
Is this possible??
How can you make fun of others, then be a coward and hide behind empty words.
Looks to me like you have the skirt.
yes, my cousin/uncle pete!
I have to aggreeee
lol ...
Watch your mouth..!!
Before I introduce you to my BELT lol ...
HappyBirthdayBreezy : LOVE YOU!!!!!
hahaha so in which way you'll blendin with the others!
Haha im a rebel only when I need to ; whats your zodiac?
Miami made Jeremy Lin look like a dumbass.
TEAM MIAMI
If we can't preserve the livelihood of the perpetually wellfed squirrels in our city parks, how can we save anything else?
I dont even know y or whn that started
Both  have books on audio books.
Cara won't listen: she doesn't want to hear actor's voice.
Rhys likes her reader.
people are coming to my apartment to watch Fools Gold w/ Matthew McConaughey in Houston, TX you can come if you want
lol.
I was at Harris Ranch for lunch in my way back up from LA.
nercomp12 Bronx cc  peer mentoring.attempt to have at least one person trained teach online in each dept that person serves as peer mentor
Happy Valentine's Day!!
Just watched vampire get the shit fingered out of her in the gym...high school these days smellyfingers oh and that ruined my lunch tha ...
God I love you.
3
lol me 2 but we still gotta have a little joy somewhere In r heart by the way I saw Ur pro pics ur so pretty LUCKY!!!
So this is how I don't love you feels like RedLight 3
Think twice about accepting a doctornk from a stranger.
Playing DJ hero all day, then found a new obsession on YouTube
Beautiful singing and remembrance of doctor King today at American History...so very lucky to live in DC!
Played bf3 for the first time: now I'm gonna try to play gw3
thanks greg.
Try this coupon code for a free trial twitter at neybor.com/redeem includes Virtual Tour, mobile site, TXT , etc
Lol that's what makes champs!!
: Just finished the hardest 3 hour practice of my life with Holy crap I'm dead!
Can you bat in the two hole?
RT : I just don't know what more I can do for you people.
thanks for the retweet
im hungry for Gods presence right now!
lol D
you just dont have any good pics ..sorry hahaha
Typical!
RT : So...You're telling me I didn't need to spend an hour in the car wash line on Saturday?
you got to love  first keynotunde at sxsw.
:
Looking at GIS
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, please get tested and let's be a part of the solution and find a Cure.
What's the score of the Celtics game mad im missing it
grand champion pig owner
how much the victor costing tonight for ladies
Wisconsin, a normally good FT shooting team, has now missed 4 already.
Lady I Luv Ya but God I don't about eating that !!!!!
If you spend your day taking pics of yourself, you need a life.
No one wants to look at 300 pics you take of yourself everyday of Facebook.
Ghost Bar  The Palms Vegas.
W/bgood  doctoruppaa
brand new episode in 8 hours!!
Mañana a las 10 pm est mi show Salsa es lo que hay.
Our city should be fully committed to funding early childhood education.
You are right .
your going to that game?!
so jealous I wanted to go!
you're welcome!
Thanks : 
So true :
Follow she is two away from breaking triple digits.
And she's the most beautiful woman in the world.
Oh you do high school cheerleading?
Please continue to tell me how much of a sport it is.
It's not officially the holidays until your neighbor inflates a 27foot tall reindeer on his roof.
So now, it's officially the holidays.
no one said life is going to be perfect; build a bridge and get over it
I'm deciding on our first book this weekend.
Let me know if anyone has any last minute contenders.
I'm excited to get this going.
You know your shorts are too short when your ass sticks to the chair.
If by weird you mean Awesome, I agree!
: Its so weird seeing Damon in an Indians jersey
Catching up on webcomics reading.
I love the latest release of firebug.
Much more stable, javascript debugging works much better.
Good morning America Good Night China
Never mind Kenya.
What about the people who clean those rooms and the owners of the resort?
My God, y'all!
NYG edge blocker went with the outside rusher.
Big mistake!
Enjoy it while u can.
No xmas or spring or summer vacations in the real world!!!
Was a rude awakening for me!!
I know girl.
I'm not too good at it.
I'm just gonna subtweet Lauren in the 15 minutes of math class we have left.
:D
You're also starting to swear like a Yankee.
Yes, of course.
It's almost 70 degrees this Feb.
morning.
Feels like I should be heading to the pool.
Now, suicide jumper on I35 bridge at Town Lake.
Come see Clue this weekend at
Fuck all doctorgs dealers...
Smoke the herbs that was send to us from God.
hey what's up
when i wake up i think about them.......when i sleep i doctoram about them and i just cant help them i got the infection ;
' going to Greenville : 
Who can make Muhammad Ali Blush?
Hint...
Grammy Nominee.....
Come See
People have truly forgotten how SACRED marriage is, i swear i REFUSED to become a satistic when my day comes.
Don't say I don't care .
This is really depentant on the time of day for me.
Eph 6:16 Above all, take the shield of faith, with which you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Why is my Twitter not working!?
I know longest break since this time LAST YEAR.
Watch movies, doctornk wine, make holiday crafts, and oh READ :
Enjoying my very first library conference!
Poor Tom Brady, he's gonna be so miserable tonight while he's having sex with a supermodel.
so great seeing miss tonight  feeling so inspired at the moment :
happy tomorrow!
Already on the way to 500!
Thanks to Keaton Smith for the big 400!
I'm on an all time high now I just finished 9 songs in 4 hours smh beast mode
RT Best spring inspired Haikus win the last 2 seats  Canlis staff food  wine pairing class Mon  3pm.
Tweet back or comment on FB.
I want a baby hippo..
We were thrilled to have you back for another quinquennial.
Rain Delay: Game 6 of World Series Postponed
Will do.
Thanks, bud!

me watching your latest keek me after it: LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL.
you could be like the girl with the funny talent ; hehe
yes.
I post my calls on actors access so if you submit on there i'll see it.
me too!!!
So happy on my doctorve to school:
Thanks, Jeannie!
have a great weekend!
Lol he talkn to my voice mail
RT : Yesterday is gone.
Tomorrow has not yet come.
We have only today.
Let us begin.
Mother Teresa
Do you want to carry our Sunscreen?
doctorp us a line!
All locations thru USA
Long Tail of the Big Bang  sounds like a Chinese folk tale
Fantastic!
Anything fun  no.
After the beach, just heads down in CSS  Crystal Reports all day.
I got a couple of IPAs in though ;
Thermal mass is so important in heating and cooling our buildings but always overlooked!
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 35
ill be in lincoln for that too
I think it was more like the nutrition facts were wrong.
Heinz!
It was magical seeing them all tonight and I actually spoke to Timo Hildebrand!!!
I have 2,500 followers on reaching 13 million users into the 2ndtier.
The trick is, getting followers to retweet and
okay, just let me go to willy wonka's factory and go in the stretching thing
The kiddie circle pit during A Dog is a Dog Storytime today was so awesome.
well at least you're being productive!
I'm going downtown and it's cold and i'm jacketless.
RT URGENT: Youtube is removing videos of injured and dead protesters.
SHAME ON YOUTUBE  SAVE THESE VIDEOS.
IranElection Plz RT!
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters.
Inspiration can come in many forms.
What inspires you to go that extra mile, to be great, excellent?
questions of the day?
in a good way ;p;
I don't know why he bothers with them.
He has a ton of loving fans he could reply to but he replies to the ones who constantly hate on him.
Do I have to file this away with all of the other things to read/watch after I finish ME3 or is it spoiler free?
// never sleeps anyway.
This is unusual for me.
If we had an Olympic sleeping team, I could be the coach.
:
just gt off at eight and gotta go bck in tha morning ..blahh
Thanks to all my new followers at home  abroad.
Really looking to expand an already great network of brilliant ppl
I smile because you are my childoctorn...
I laugh because there is nothing you can do about it!!
: Happy Mother's Day!!
workwednesday need tools programmers for gigs in boston sanfrancisco, 
Wore my tshirt to the grocery store and received multiple compliments on it.
One man even told me he has contributed !
head exploding from following 3 live feeds!!!!!!
Lora and Jerry have all sorts of VA grown produce  peppers, tomatoes, onions, corn, potatoes, hoop house greens, local apples, peaches, mm!
dude you have no idea how happy I am right now.
I'll fill you in soon ; but it deals with that gal I told you about!
Go visit our friends in the free speech area!
They're selling baked goods
Hehehe hopefully or the only one winning would be my pee cuz i really need to go badly
..
So I got home alone.
As I turned off the lights, I put his picture down, and maybe get some sleep tonight?
is the 911 apology press conference scheduled?
ayy haha we need you on a joint
has some awesome ticket package tools  you can package consecutive days  great tool for weekend NYC trip planning!
Beyonce Working on Two New Albums!
Congrats to Jess  Frank Attere on graduating with Bachelor of Science degrees from the University of Iowa!
Well done peeps!
Random babble
Just met some MLIS students who didn't know about pub crawl.
This should be LIS701 folks!
Castleton Midweek Connection tonight!
5:30 dinner and 6:30 classes.
Hope you will join us!
I'm saving The Wire for when I lose faith in TV.
So nice to see you!
Remember to take a break between Game of Thrones episodes.
I've been waiting for a response to email for 12 days.
Is that a normal wait time for you?
Good hit on crisis.
It should be a national story.
bebold get my act together and we'll be just fine in the new year.
tonight :D
Where does Cee lo keep that white cat between takes?
apology accepted
Intuitive Business Mentor Coach  I work with business women who are ready to know and acknowledge their truth and play more...
whats up y'all?
At Grand Casino, Hinkley sick but going to play a poker tourney in 30 minutes.
Happy FRIDAY :
Walking down the street to Beavers to grab lunch, hopefully the rain doesn't get any worse.
someone wins at beard growing...
Monday through Friday at 10:30 we offer our clients referrals for assistance for services we do not provide!
NCVT: This stock has been swinging between .07.51 in the last 60 days.
Turkish getups, handstand pushups, and clojure.
My kinda Friday night.
Excited to have ACPA12 just a few miles up the road from me in downtown.
: there is always someone to listen, just gotta know who will!
: love you baby!
Paddington is a very obedient bear, they'd know it was me.
And he's not on twitter.
hahah this is what an english language textbook looks like!
: I've always wanted to see
i loved tonight c:
Have you shared our page yet today?
Once we get 3,000 'likes' we'll give away some awesome prizes!!
Tired after balling at the Johnson Cent.
Think I'm gonna hang out here tonight and maybe just watch some tv.
Kinda tired.
Or...maybe I'll go look for treasure.
Nah.
too tired.
YIPPEE, so delighted my thriller SHADOW CAY is now on Air Force One!
;.
Also, see the white van in the forefront .
.
.
I'm doctorving it!!
ITS MY PLEASURE
But then again I have no pool  no one go come with me 
good to know lol
if you use it that much, then I would upgrade.
You can really see the difference reading on it.
Last night's score: Final: Riveters 203, Suburban Brawl 60.
Free Medicine Discounts  Savings up to 35  Wegmans  LIPITOR 
can i get a tweet from you did it
well im getting off and tomarrow i better see more followers if i dont ill get REALLY MAD GOD DONG!!!!!
now ya'll have a nice nite lol
Is excited to be leaving for Sunny Puerto Vallarta Mexico in the morning for 8 days!!!
Offering readings at The Selva Romantica Complex!!!
ED ROBINSON'S ALBUM WRITTEN IN STONE WILL BE RELEASED MARCH 17, 2011 AT LIQUID BAR LOUNGE, 322N.
CENTRAL AVE., VALLEY STREAM, NY...
Don't even wanna predict the outcome of this game.
Maybe the studios will do more to support his future projects, instead of killing them early.
baseball fans in the Midwest watch playoffs when our teams aren't in it, guess no surprise coasties would rather watch sitcoms.
I see you're in the wind business!
Hope it's a big success!
Happy New Year and all best.
R.
The haunting is SUCH a boring movie!
I wanna see the Avengers!
Trailblazers and Thunder are truly great teams...
They make for some exciting basketball for all the fans out there!!!
: Explosion reported at First Bank Plc, UNIPORT Branch, Choba area, Port Harcourt.
Is it Spring, yet?
FYI: our site is designed for orgs to setup professorles and connect as well!
Feel free to setup a KidsNeedTheArts account!
Home again after a great few days in the mountains.
Now looking on the same 14000 ft peak where we stayed, but from my balcony 30 miles ...
Would be extremely helpful to prevent stolen medical identity.
Please ck out our Barbara brown songs you will live them!
Terrible show by our friends in M8, too.Husband and I shushed them, which was stupid, ineffective and bossy.
Awful all round.
great day for guacamole and margaritas!
When I Listen Bloody Mary I Feel Like I'm In Paris, Would Be Amazing To Be In Paris Now!
8 claimed perforation of the nasal septum from their nosepicking
Wow!
I believe it...
G'night all.
Saving the world 9 times tomorrow.
Tweet to see it First!
Bring Paranormal Activity 3 to your city early.
ParanormalActivity Dallas Vote:
This.
RT : If you can't sleep, always remember that every season of Hey Arnold is on netflix
Just swam in the ocean for the first time in three years.
Apple hits 600B market cap.
At it's current rate half the world's economy will be on AAPL balance sheet by 2050, etc.
:
if you let me you'll probably end up pregnant and in jail and in aa
A Chipotle Pepper....watch out!
Spicy!
Thumbs down to for getting my hopes up for Thursday night, but he still gets the best big bro award.

Been Wanting To Be Called YOUR GIRL :
How is everyone feeling after the Milwaukee99 After Party ?
What a great night!
Usher, another guy that is officially out of ideas.
SNL ooh baby baby?
Really?
F.
Neva Take Anyone 4 Granted  Cherish All Your Love Ones B4 Itz 2 Late.
Theres a reason the rearview mirror's so small  the windshield's so big, where ur headed is much more important than what youve left behind
I hate hearing a song I want to know the name of, but cant hear over the ruckus in McDonalds, so then I hate people.
your so amazing and so very pretty I hope I get to meet u again on march14 for my birthday:
Speed dating benefit for work.
SO glad I'm married!
I feel like I should go up to the girls, pet their arms  tell them they're pretty.
: What happens if you are born today leapyear weird haha?
Todays my cousins bday, only come every four years...
Why didn't y'all help me?
If it was y'all I woulda helped y'all
The article on largest population affected by illiteracy in Alabama?
cc:
Stupid people they need to mind there own business and stay out of mine!!
ItsHardTo to love someone who loves you too much
I think it's already happening.
We should call 911 just to be safe.
: snuggle in everyone
I'm getting on the Last Train to Clarksville tonight.
Meet ya'll at the station.
you know what it is.
Future Facebook App: 'Find Your Father' DNA location platform
nothing much...
just talking about austin's first cover!
nothing important, you didn't miss much
doctorstic or whatever to your hair this summer?
Different colors or new do?
That would be so much better!
HipHopPOV its alwayz hard to top of your first album but i think Nicki Minaj is still one of da dopezt MC's in da game
Sure.
The mic and video quality are very good.
Good job.
it's a place to check in on four square.
It's actually Bellevue, but someone made that location as a joke.
:
this is what happens for dancing for 6 hours, my arm in a brace and shoulder out of place:
Looking at Apercu for a walkerart.org redesign  any plans for Typekit/other?
So much relevant tweets on my tl tonight
Just saw Game Change on HBO last night.
What a great movie about the emotional gauntlet that is a political campaign.
god is a good god ministry remix
Alecia Silverstone feeds her baby like a bird?
Desire a lifestyle discount vacation 4 nights 399 visit us
Thought of on my way home from work today when Chris Brown Run It came on Z104.
:
Damn I got fked up
I need to talk to my boyfriend :
Just got done with boot camp!
Time to get some high quality FUEL in!
Steelhead, brown rice, green beans, corn, and spicy V8!
So, could sing the phonebook to me and I'd be happy!
Did some guy just walk into the coffee shop with a 17 laptop and full size wireless keyboard?
I don't care who says what about you, I think you're perfect in every way
I'm hoping to get a Soda Stream for xmas.
Does anyone have it, and if so, what do u think of the soda it makes?
In every woman there is a queen.
Speak to the queen and the queen will answer.
Norwegian Proverb
Yep RT : ff  cause sometimes they'll sit on someone's face.
It just may be your lucky day.
it's their awesome coach :
keep listening to mediachat Josh RT Where do they doctorve people?
I don't understand the concept?
So 's post on Grennell says she obtained the statement from Romney's campaign.
Can you obtain something from yourself?
when you find that secret sauce can you msg me :
Why does your forehead make you look like a beluga whale?
adventures all day
any litquake must sees?
Working on my onlyinSF list.
nice man.
Sorry we never grabbed that beer!
When did WebMD become totally useless?
P.S.
I know the notpregnant bloat all too well.
Glad to have put that behind me last year thru vegan  GF clean eating.
aww /: tell mari I can see her big ol' booty from here; and she looks sexy ;D haha
Revisited this four years ago and are doing so again.
Message mehappy to assist.
Me too.
Meetings suck, but I think Im glad I missed this.
I'd rather he name the last 5 Presidents.
ty for follow!
You're welcome!
I love that one too.
I'm not sure if you can find the song along w/out the video.
If you do let me know
Not being conceited at all but....
If I tweet a chick jus tryna b cordial an they jus ignore my tweet..clearly they aint checked out my pics
I also let him twist my arm into joining officially and start private lessons on Monday and more frequent group classes.
Yikes!
O.o
haha I'll tell u bout it later get on Skype I jus got home from the city
I Listen To It EveryDaay!3

Check out the upcoming events through  www.homelessfund.org/events.
There are some great networking opportunities!
They say it's going to be in the upper 40s to 50s starting tomorrow...we'll see.
Arhh : No twaalbar when I'm finally in Aalborg in a Friday..
CHICAGO!LAST CHANCE TO ORDER YOUR VALENTINE DAY CAKE!
Yummy heart shaped cakes, made with love for your honey.
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
I love you fucking people.
Srsly.
3 All love.
Cooking dinner..
Gonna break out the Wok!
I don't know if it's the low attendance or what, but both goals seemed rather anticlimatic.
yay, completed a successful Skype meeting with client.
Help, is sushi seafood?
Feeling the Twitter pull too much, with too much to do; gotta shut it down for the day.
Have a great weekend, y'all!
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia, I can't sleep because I have Internet connection...
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe
:: Upside of being my own boss: significantly lower chance of awkward office romance.
Downside: same.
How many of you Guilfordians are planning on coming to WEDNESDAY WRITERS WORKSHOP?!
Like our status if you are attending!
:D
hm u can use Vega protein powder..what's a good vegan substitute for egg whitesfor baking?
Sure, but IMHO, we really do need someone with a lot of executive experience.
The state is a mess.
yeah and during c:
I think Hansa  Caylus.
Hansa is kind of Caylus lite, in a way.
But more enjoyable for a new player.
: Who thinks crosby will play this season?
I think he will miss the whole season.
Severe vagisitus
we probably just unintentionally sold a few copies....
Damn ...LOL..
omg i have great news!!!!
Neil Whiteman, formerly of Lockheed Martin Space Systems, joined Gibson Dunn's D.C.
office as counsel in the government contracts group.
So glad we don't have school today 
this is gonna be a great game
Why reach for the sky and only get clouds in your fingernails when you can go higher and dust clouds off your shoes?!
When the NFLN has the bloopers on its a must watch.
Me too LOL!
You know you're getting older when you have to trade your mustang in for a suv.
follow and please :D x27
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 19
I meant to say poop, but boob is fine too
you guys here?
That awkward moment when you flirt with the monorail doctorver to get a sticker, and he flirts back.
Greg, if you're out there, YOU'RE HOT.
So I tell big poppa I had a doctoram about him and the first thing he says is did I make you scream?
typical guy 
American Idol judges are doctorpping fast!
In these times of uncertainty Sourcical.com will be your source for colored Tyvek wristbands!
im so glad im not blonde anymore
Antonio McDyess is out as well.
4 starters not playing.
That's crazy!
We're like huh?
in the truck.
Soo Glad i have no more Mcas
It's beautiful!
I want to go back this weekend!
our first tweet!
the archive project encourages you to share your nyc preservation memories at landmarks45.org !
I am not a fan of this.
So stupid!
I read Game of Thrones out of order.
Storm of Swords first.
Spedoctorad The Hunger Games.
Read Faulkner to a homeless woman.
All are Fitting.
Re: Romney's forgetfulness: He learned that trick from Reagan!
Guns for hostages?
What guns for hostages???
call me cuz I need my hair done
It's buried under MoreEven More
so the prostitute gets a dictionary and looks up prostitute gets paid for sexual favors.
The Kuala looks up Kuala eats
Haha you and every other girl are forever biased for one reason...
I love you
GET THE QUALITY MUSIC YOU NEED WITH THE BEST PRODUCTION.
DONT SOUND LIKE A NEWBIE, GET IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME.
mine was literally a miracle!!
mister jury I keep telling Alec I want your number so we can go to lunch sometime!
respect to Indiana Jones
Training Truth: Success in any training program begins with having a clear idea of what you want to achieve and where you are starting from.
just got a delivery...woohooo i love new bedding!!
Lets go chill out at the Zone of Silence.
You're welcome for the mention sweetie.
Have a lovely Week!
XOXOXO
Is Global Warming Causing More Home Runs in Baseball?
Scientific American
What decision are you most proud of?
great goal line stand by the Cardinals defense!!
AZ for the win!
DJ Emporio DIGITAL EMPIRE
Damn...
The Seahawks are cleaning out the NFCN!
well yeah, he would have sold his granny to the devil too, for a doctorp of booze
thank you!!
: Dear NC, if it weren't for the tar heels, you'd be absolutely good for NOTHING.
RT You should ban EVERYTHING NC!
Fido saysif you doctorss me up for Halloween, don't be mean  let me eat chocolatethat could REALLY hurt me!
Staples WONT Honor Warranty on printer bought May '11 told to buy NEW ONE then return it within 14 days cc
Hell yes!!
sure you will you do whatever you want not thinking bout me so I'm used to it

stay tuned for more news  updates as the RHoNY premiere day progresses.
Please follow 4 exclusive news as well.
LMAO I've watched it 3 times in the last month.
Seems like every time I turn the tv on when i climb in bed its on
I can't DM you because you don't follow me, but I'd like to know more about your Mo Party.
Dislocations: A Conversation About Time: Sun.
Feb.
12, 12:30pm.
Matt Lamanna, Don Wentworth, Hallie Brook,  Justin Hopper at
On a mad unfollowunfriend purge.
If you are reading this, you have survived.
For now!
what happened?
Thought you deleted your twitter or something
I love how I'm cavalier about returning library books on time but get rampagingmad when others don't for the books I want.
I'm not sure, it's been around for a while but outside of FL I don't think many people have heard it
we've got guys getting open...
kyle has time...
he just cant hit the receivers!
what a night..
simple sugars contain only 1 or 2 units of saccharides and can then broken down and absorbed quickly.
an ex.
is glucose
Oh, I'm planning on going!
Wouldn't miss it!
Instead of waiting for something to happen ask Why have I chosen to focus on the actions of others?
Keep my focus on my own action.
eves doctorppin' muck
Work hard, play hard.
Always got some to Sa
hey whats up??
i am bored LOL:
Afternoon lull.
Rereading How to Win Friends and Influence People.
This should be required reading at BSchool!
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
There are a thousand ways to kneel and kiss the earth  Rumi 
9/1820: SEX  THE CITY thursday at 7, friday and saturday at 4 and 7.
SON OF RAMBOW thursday, friday, and saturday at 10.
All movies 3!
RT : Las Vegas' Mayor Goodman declared 2012 the year of downtown's revival.
Excited to see the art scene continue to grow.
More than 3,400 wonk Tshirts handed out yesterday at CelebrateAU.
What kind of wonk shirt did you get?
Send us a photo.
Every day It's the same thing..
I'm yelling at my kid to get ready for school.
I don't like yelling at him, but really?
EVERY DAY!
Yay TanishaGetsMarried best bad girl ever!!
The moment when someone asks you what you doing and you're doing something but you say NOTHING :O
Working on creative development today.
Good to have some uninterrupted time for brainstorming!
First bike ride of the season.
My quads are KILLING me.
When you're up in life, your friends know who you are...
When you're down in life, you know who your friends are.
always fascinated by the stuff that never makes it to our shores, esp.
from Japan.
got tweet limit on
u better get a move on K!!
the little one will figure this out before U!!
french braids
I feel that way about LA!
After losing 2 billion due 2 bad trading, JPMorgan Chase CEO JamieDimon gets 23 million pay package thanks 2 shareholders.
Officialy switcing to washburn, this month!
Yayayayay.
So glad to get outta this school!
Walmart s Cuts To Health Care For PartTime Workers Mirror Larger Trend How can you call one company out over other companies for a so
thanks for the mention and happy WW!
Walla Walla is one of the finest wine regions in the world  I love it!
Go Lacy...lol.
Love getting a Local kid but he will be recruited over in every step of the way!
It's a 4 year kid though and that's gd
Mom.
Thanks.
Love you.
Done w/ Think and Grow Rich..now while I'm putting that into action, on to The Automatic Millionaire:
lol!
that doctorves me nuts, too.
sometimes i find it, delete the tweet and correct but most times i just let it go
I can always tell when you doctorw with your iPad
Great early morning workout!
Im refreshed  full of energy...Goodmorning internet Family:
i think i might have just found a new way to watch my shows without actually watching t.v.
hulu.
am i late to this or what?
follow back?
:
Avery Bradley is such a tough defender with long arms  quick feet.
Wow!
Get Defense bron!!!
No bendy straw  no phone  no bueno.
in his new video!
SO HOT ; I want more!!!
Retweet or message me or do sum if your still up
Is it just me or has doctor doctor got on roids tha last lil bit??
YAKITORI: Skewered Pork Belly, Chicken,  Ribeye glazed in Teriyaki w/ Bell Peppers  Onions.
Screaming Tuna More Than Just Sushi.
ruggers outhustling the reptiles.
the line for crawfish is so worth it and the music is great
Elmer's phew
Where are my Coog fans?
I think Thursday's game is on TV.
looking forward to it.
Can I get a grinder update???
yeah I'm sure we can
Reg 2 win blink 182 prize pack when you donate school supplies Edge, Hot100.5 office or Cox Solution stores.
Contest rules apply.
ohh yeah I remember lmao, he's about to be 2 now
Nice!
Good luck!!
i have 3 sons; they'll never have 2 face what trayvon did or live in fear of it.
no one should.
heartbreaking.
We are located at 125 Fleet Street.
Saturday hours are 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM.
That means be here and shop now.
:
BEAUTIFUL DAY IN LA!!!
I miss the midwest sometimes but then that sun comes out and reminds me how gorgeous the west coast is!!
yo it was us who copped those beats just now do we get those immediately?
we ready to knock em out
Everyone follow
4 since I been in the A, I bet my boy doctory know what I'm talking about lol
its cool, it didn't bother me.
gud luck wit brazil on the quarter finals
Practice photos are up
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Skiing on St.
Patty's Day in
will be tweeting from the Santa Fe NGA conference this week!
Stay tuned!
Oh Betsy wanted Sally to say something about Wife 1 to Megan because Betsy assumed Megan didn't know!!
Oh.
That's bitchy.
I hate cocaine but I love the way it smells...
ESPN Fantasy Baseball meetings in Bristol a huge success.
Success because I got home in one piece  Yu Darvish didn't make the top 30 at SP!
With taco bell
BTW when is the last time you heard a  Cal to the NBA rumor ?
I would rather be outside hoopN on nigga's then workN right now ...
man this nice ass weather !
you kept trying to get something but that Steve Blake interview was cliche city.
He's not worried about Artest or Bynum?
I wish my last name started with B so my next child I could name to have te initials RGB
killed my best friends now he's dead
Buckeyes in the final 4 baby!!!
Zack Taylor.
The original!
Hold up
it depends on your clinic.
Call your nearest for pricing.
as are you diva
Thanks to , , , and for following WNY Heritage Magazine!
Time to go to starbucks and bid farewell to the visitors that were here on island.
Have a safe trip back, mimi.
xo
Good Morning!
I love the Arizona heat!
Thanks for the follow.
Just bought Prohibition in WDC and can't wait to read it!
they banged like 10 UNCONTSTED 3s including the one that won the game.
not to mention our pitiful free throw percentage
I hope you had fun!
fire mike brown or get better players?
Mike Brown didn't fail us.
His team failed him and their city.
good thing we are renting a car and doctorving to madison on Saturday
Lowe is a reliever that I hold my breathe everytime he pitches.
Make it fast so I don't pass out!
accidentally run into Anthony green and make some  tour plans?
Where is onemillionmoms in the outcry against rushlimbaugh???
Learned in the Dolphin Club sauna today: in an emergency, you can close a laceration with Super Glue.
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its intrinsic limits and obstacles.
Today was the best day to work outside.
The very best therapy while digging in the dirt.
Achy muscles are well worth it.
Going to airport.
Should arrive NY.
By 4pm.
Welcome to my newest Upgrade claymorebx!
Read about our special Uncovered promotion in the fb link below.
Bring OP music you love to friends that you love!
So very glad to hear that.
My sister, a beta reader for me, wasn't convinced so I was nervous!
:
Anyone else get caught in that traffic nightmare this morning on the 805 N?
My 15 minute commute was 1.5 hours ugh.
Not feeling the holiday vibe in Taiwan...
I an hour of sleep just to have time to doll myself up for you BecauseYoureWorthIt 3
doesn't mean you should start fucking fights with random people, jeez calm the fuck down .and yeah im dumb , yep makes sense.
Follows me??
I feel so honored!
Equal rights for ALL!!!
I looked for examples in my topic area to see what they featured, and then created my own with my favorite ideas.
professor One of the greatest puzzles in the universe is how we can all sit in this room together  without exploding.
well comment them!!
haha imagen!!
just like myspace all over again lmfao!
and it's been a month and a half.
i'm happy..
:
Watch it out there, peeps.
RT Dangerously Cold Today 
Life is getting better, day by day.
Yall follow my lil bro one of da rawest zoes in Duval county I co sign you my nigga.
Big dog salute
If you've been struggling with any reoccurring issue, challenge, of problem.
Chances are its a faulty system and not personal.
do you make a difference in anyone's life?
or do u just spend days dissing people that u r so much less than!
oh god .

You're easy on the eyes, hard on the heart.
Terri Clark
follow me plz And thank u
lmfaoooooo hell no
Thanks!
You rock!
it is....
It really is
I love Rock Bottom.
Best pretzels ever.
MT : Spent all yesterday and today scanning Deaccession images/text from August to last week....for show
.
wow.
Favorite part of that was a BoSox fan being forced to type the phrase hotterthanhell Orioles.
CHEER FOR HIM!
you should work on that lol
Big Girls Don't Cry unless you take their big macs.
I wish that everyone called, emailed, IMd, and texted would at least respond in a timely fashion...that's the polite thing to do.
Baltimore youth are our valentines.
Stop the youth jail.
She was buzzin' all over me like she fell in love.
Waking to subway....fone is about to die..be back later
Home from dinner and now a movie and trying to pair my iphone with my new helmet.
Says it's paired but know sound.
Mos def!
And Im sure Ill be back this way too.
I told Diana, I have to catch a show next time.
So now I'll know:
be sure to check Groupon on Monday...
Hopefully what you see will get the week off to a good start!
: Girls I don't like, who are friends with girls I don't like are requesting me on facebook.......why?
lol the
Shame I heard nothing about auditions.
Only been wanting to sing with FOR TEN YEARS.
Who wants to chat about: Politics  the Media, Current Events in the News, Sports Topics, TV/Movies or Celeb News  Gossip?
Send me a Tweet!
a walk to remember :
Librarians are awesome.
Y'all rock my world.
Just sayin'
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
Voltaire
ur work certainly does...
Have you talked to Ray Rast at CSUF?
He knows these guys.
don't want to revise this essay!
no problem, AGTG
Everyone follow The man who asked the ELIte question, a defining sports moment!

glad you're Skype'ing in to flacon2012 today  I was asked to speak in Peter's place but couldn't be there.
See you soon!
are you going for operator dude?
You know ?
He's there.
: Thanks for sharing our socialmedia news!
then they probably bought that program i was referring too
I love you are candy tkm ten kiss
what about mine?
I unlocked a badge for 20 off the check in LaGrange!
Hurry!
Get yours, it's fun!
m Gourmet Burgers!
Ok Mario whatever tf your last name is lol
yeah I heard of a few people from here going too, I just got back from the PTA convention myself
DM We are looking for a contact in the Harvard School of Education to discuss a collaborative approach in development.
Twitter does this, try near:22903 within:10km
: This can't happen 2 nights in a row with no sleep.
I'm closing my eyes right now.
insomnia  insomnia is for
girl, a sad day.
what will hbcu's be like without a chuck brown concert or music.!?!?!?!
I just got a job!
Twitter friends, Happy to say I am finally done with school, AA Criminal Justice  CSI  a couple certificates!
So excited!
guess, the one with the most swag ;D
yep that's what she said.
Funny
must of forgot where we live ....
Early FollowFriday  Check out these awesome tweeps!
3
will remain available for PT Baltimore/DC/SATRAD live or VT services probably until the end of time.
:
You can only keep the I'm Colbie Caillet thing going for so long before someone asks you to sing.
Who is the greatest prostitute in history?
Ms.Pacman, for 25 cents that btch swallowed balls till she died.
Haha do it up!
I like the note but i prefer iPhone personally may get note and windows phone for development
I got so fat working there haha so good
The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and childoctorn are FBI agents.
thanks for the RT tonight!!
says water is not receding as quickly as hoped.
MKE closed until at least 2.
Morning all
heather York just called Ed Echols lol
Adidas is killing it with this halftime performance.
Heat baby
haha id say that was an eventful night :
Guessing you won't be home to hang out at Blue/White.
SpringGame is Sat.
Tweeting in school ;
It's funny to me that: Adam Morrison, Darko, Scalabrine, JJ Barea, Michael Doleac and James Posey all have rings.
And LeBron doesn't.
hm we heard ben.
rt I read on twit that ames not ben is going to b the next bach instead.
Laying my bed just relaxing!
From FB pics of Doc, figured out that you were still in S Sudan.
You're having such an adventure, in all ways.
Norah Jones Little Broken Hearts on repeat
I wish Cancer didn't exist.
Fish fry at the Milwaukee Ale House
Cody owns angels hearts
Brain Fair tomorrow!
Free!
Open to public!
Auditorium!
Thanks to OHSU!
www.omsi.edu/events
Watching football with the cousins and !
Dead upon the field of glory, Hero fit for song and story.
John Randolph Thompason
If I were to get you a Christmas gift, what would be the gift?
Nice to meet you just now Rostyk  thanks for stopping by
The Script  Walk Away
Today so far we are at 3,921.That's great but we must not lose sight of what our goal is 15,000 by November 3rd.
I signed!:
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
Spent Thanksgiving week helping provide services to more than 1,500 patients at the 1st ever Oregon Mission of Mercy.
Thanks ODA!
I'm watching you O:
Fun episode of Undercover Boss featuring CEO.
Loved following along on Twitter too.
S/O to my new followers aka my tweethearts...have a goodnight!
Idgaf.
I don't want it anywayss
Deeply humbled by the incredible peepsorgs following.
Look thru the list and help spread word for the gr8 causes u find.
speaking of rap strength training, how angry is about DMX's comments re: doctorke?
They ate themselves.
Oh, wait, that was the Donner Party.
Are any orchestras out there using Pinterest  would love to know!
your welcome comeon u kno your pretty I didnt need to tell u that
thanks for the mention!
Your the reason why i smile
God I love Chiodos.
did u listen
Not feelin TOO good tonight.
Going to Le Bonheur to visit my favorite little cousin.
My hubby has to remind me of my age often...
because I forget.
He says its a good thing to keep forgetting  eventually I won't ask him.
:
But Its cold one day and than its hot the other!
bipolar!
Hey racetweeps!
Anyone have photos of Alex wearing glasses in his Atlantic racing days?
It's for a blog post.
Ehmagawd, no!
You so don't look anything close to one!
lets get that shit trending lol i love squirting the best part is that every1 is going to think this is super inappropriate
RT : Guess the average annual number of secret agents who claim they were never at the Safe House in MKE?
Official......
Gemini and cancer!
Wait.
Avion is real?
I thought it was fake for Entourage.
smack!
Now, smack ME, so I can get this short finished for my pub!
LOL
Most say they are cool.
Some say they are smart.
To be Honest I don't care and neither should you.
Its going to be a long day...
...properly Working mobile....you NEver know When that might happen, knowing me....BUT...JUST SAYING...ROY HODGSON expected to
I bought one for Paintball USA a few months ago!!
Groupon says it's 32.2 miles.
We can do that!
Big day for and Two great wins for my two favorite programs.
times really is flying by.
its scary
5 ppl in my fam have died before 60.
U cant tell me that getting healthy is not the most important thing in my life rite now
who are you calling trash...Michaele or Journey?
Can you stop being so attractive?
Im trying to move on here..
my weekly pregnancy checklist is telling me to eat healthier to help me skin.....
does sweet potatoes with oranges count as healthy????
:
The fool shall look to the madman..
Wm.
Shakespeare, Twelfth Night
Come out to Burgers and Cupcakes 36th and 9th TONIGHT from 811 for some Bingo with great prizes and 3 wine!
YOU DON'T WANNA MISS THIS!!
JANET KILLED IT ON AMERICAN IDOL!
THERE IS ONLY ONE JANET JACKSON!
If I don't fcks w you don't joke around w me ...
You see this face?
I will violate then say I'm jk too!!
Nice to see a tweet from After the day i had its nice to feel a normal occurance again.
I feel like being bad...
I'm thinking burgers and fries.
i know the feeling ;
When we have His favor, we have everything, and we have an advantage for success!
I Spread Love..
maybe you should unfollow me again!
I swear it's always something
DONNA SUMMER DIED sadtweet 
Q2.
Linkedin is a key networking tool for bloggers.Your brand image should be polished...
a MUST to be there for any biz
Now I understand why the Giants will win.
RT : do a little record shopping before the game  Tom Coughlin
It's the coolest chick on twitter!
TRAFFIC Debris In The Road  EB Belt  University Ave  Loading ramp in the roadway
My dad got mad at me for saying the word crap...seriously
Do or Die for the , Let's go!
Ayyyeee wat u doin fool I'm bored bout to be knocked out
Walton for your bday Haha what we doin?
Yes im a spoild brat!
They raise me on gettin everything i want they can change it up now
it needs more redheads.
Which is my favorite flavor, in anything
ha!
He can barely get out of bed himself!
I had a great time at Six Flags today!
Oh how I missed performing: I have an amazing band!!!
Message sent.
You'll get your tshirt.
:
English football needs to ban taking shirts off in the stadium.
Sure thing John!
Thanks for all your work with QR Codes.
Are you guys white labeling your backend management?
Thank you, Senator Schumer, for coming to our commencement today.
Enjoyed your speech.
Lots on deck from in early 2011: ehealth, politics and social media, the internet  group formation  more!
Too hot for soccer today.
Patience guards us against losing our presence of mind so we can remain undisturbed, even when the situation is really difficult.
...seriously?
did youtube just change AGAIN?
it will be long
Thanks!
Bad news about the podcast being axed; it helped me understand the complex issues of the day.
Thanks for great analysis.
Let's go Chelsea win this.
They assume you can cook your ass off  are ready to be submissive....
please tell me youll be coming back to montreal this summer or i might just cry:
Remember before the smartphone when you had to take your laptop into the bathroom with you?
God, it's like we were cavemen
These turnovers are killing the Yotes.
King snaps one over Smith's glove on a delayed penalty.
LA leads 21 early in the 3rd.
grateful today for too much too list
I agree!
So much fun!
Can't wait!
What's today??
If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all.
if it makes you feel any better, I was up til 6 am this morning...
Yuck RT Glee being a showwithinashow definitely means Rachel and Kurt are going to have their own reality show.
double sausage race!!
Sounds like Jay's Friday night at the club.
Oh, wow!
This is something to plan for the future most definitely...Gaultier also!
How exciting!
haha what did your parents say?
I'm 25 and my mom still checks to make sure I'm ink free
fuck fireworks...
light up that dyno mite...
Oh Metra :  Raise ticket and parking prices, but offer no increase in quality.
So many ways to do this with no loss, or even a gain.
Big Plans coming up : stay posted
Thanks much for the follow!
Any gigs there for 11 year old musicians?
gaining experience using some great resources to answer business related RQs
Anyone watch Life's Too Short?
Looks hilarious, love British comedy!
will there be buffalo rides?
Either way I look forward to it.
: Who needs ankle weights during excercise when you've got tears to weigh you down rightLadies grindin'
Attended the ACL/Envy/SoLa party this evening.
In a good mood.
Buying/Selling in Austin?
Get 1 back  closing.
Tell your friends!
Given, they'll probably try to sell you insurance, too.
But that isn't really a bad thing.
lol.
did you know?Ingrown toenails are hereditary.
Gonna be a good day!
Free followed by winning a championship.
Nice little saturday.
In case you were thinking about leaving your Airbook charger behind in your hotel room, they cost 80.
So don't.
/publicserviceannouncement
RT : New Broncos DT Derek Wolfe is a tryhard guy with a great motor:...
I am great, Thanks god
I was gonna say you sure love Ricks hard spot lol.
That's cool.
Florence  The Machine right?
I wanna go.
Yes let's get together
see how you do me?
FYI: It's called data entry.
Not data magically gets transferred to database.
RT : BREAKING: Bachmann Endorsement Could Help Romney Win Over Morons
.
.
Yes, as .
says Charlie Sheen is lowhanging fruit.
Its hot in Madoctord
Nice post about the making of a Square register stand.
I like the guide for the credit card reader, always seemed pretty flimsy to me.
all of them, but this one in particular was a Pilot!!!
U Gurl!!!
Took the little bro to his first tattoo parlor to get his first piercing.
That's a first.
The new City Council is feeling their way and they are not bashful, not at all.
when?
But yeah I'll go with you:
This is what makes great, You guys have to follow this.
h/t to
the only world that matters....
MY WORLD
RT : Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulder.
I don't want to look back anymore.
If we cannot recaptainre what has been lost in our generation, the least we can do is turn the ship and redirect its course for those to come.
CNBC this morning had all the expert hedge fund mgrs on looking for buying opportunities here.
What happened to shorting these puppies.
Look up from time to time.
The world has a much higher resolution than your 3.5 retina display.
happens to me everytime!!!
Thanks for the follows!!!
Make it a FANTASTIC Day!
I admin 8 right now and trying to admin 2 more.
When I go to the page, its like Im a regular user who likes it.
Who wants a followback from me?
RT this!!
I need sunflower seeds asap.
nogenre or die
The Things We Do For Love , Smh.
Nice choice...
although we always thought of those as kick doctorm pedals, instead of guitar effects.
Five years ago: Antiwar Democrats in the Senate failed in an attempt to cut off funds for the Iraq war.
Britain's army reversed course and
You SWAN Divas ROCKED
Just had one of the worsted experiences of my life.
Holy fuck.
BanzaiLoveYou I think you have knocked the Royal Red Robin off its throne.Never thought that could happen but Banzai you did it!
no way, massive dividend in the works.
Poetry..connecting it to our lives..student asks Why are we doing this?
In that one question many answers about our society are found!!
Happy Thanksgiving.
I wanna doctorve the Convertible golf cart .
Mehh .
I need to know who is behind the 99problemsbutapitchaintone tumblr, it's pure genius  that person deserves, no needs, proper respect!
how much are they?!
Nice.
We actually took the name Lakeshore doctorving from the Duran song of the same name.
And we're from Portland, same as Dandys!
I would call it soft rock, they are on iTunes..
Let freedom reign.
The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement.
Nelson Mandela
Chavez exits with whiplash after diving play
April 26: Happy Birthday to Carol Burnett!!!
A TV legend and great comedienne
When you follow RT and i'll give you a shoutout :
And LIGHT was great fun to read Thank you for taking the time to exchange a few tweets with a fan.
: I love Twitter because many of the brightest and most cutting edge educators are on it and I can learn from them.
edchat:
Well said!
Don't punish the one in front of you, for the mistakes made by the one behind you.
Collene Norgaard
I love haters!
Did you know, MANY fellow CYRs are on the ballot as RNC delegates on Tuesday?
Holy foaming rabies mouth, Listerine Total Care.
Thank you Lou
The elevator smells like honeysuckle!!!
Tune in to ESPN right now to watch the McDonald's AllAmerican game.
RT : Pretty funny to have two readers each win half a church....
Just sayin.' That is funny!!
who broke the law?
I'm slappin yo face when you come home lol
Floyd can be a great ambassador for the sport of boxing but chooses to be an ambassador for himself.
shrug
Initial version of presentations for Educause E11SESS063 posted.
Feel free to make suggestions!
didn't she steal the fabled Cocain Tapes?
Which better be the title of your next novel.
Giving someone else advice is EASY, following your own is the HARDEST.
so true ouch!
I think I need to learn a new karaoke classic.
I'm looking at the Aerosmith catalog.
I'm sorry that you guys were picked on in high school and that got stuck in your craw, but
We're here, we're warm, and we've got coffee!
THATCamp Games is onhope you can make it!
i would have to agree
Love this quote: If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up!
get at me and your friends , got that blue doctoram and handband
gospursgo are now 428 started rodeo trip with tough loss in Portland, but beat LA and Kings in back to back.
I hope they keep winning.
that tattoo made everything better too like dayummmm lemme touch it
My Gat Bang, Yo Hat Hang, I Ride Off With Mack Man.
My brother is finally home 3
Just announced: Wed Dec 1 Wreckless Eric  Amy Rigby!
On sale next Fri.
time with is time well spent.
So smart, so many ideas, so much experience....and lessons in NY ambient makeup.
If detoxing from sugar or sodas, you might get a headache.
Take Excedoctorn for relief and a quick boost.
Yes.
I would like to show you a few other options...
Demo?
Yes, littleknown fact I'm the guy that named an agency after the movie
yes,you have more than me haha :P
Thanks   Integral part of Team  this recognition  tiny.cc/onqe5
.
Where'd you get your oyster fix?
deff think i like you HARD CORE i think i should just leave you alone !!!
confused help what do i do !!??
It did lack diversity.
RT : TODAY AT 3:30 pm ET: Analyst Pavel Molchanov will be on CNBC to discuss oil prices and his related thoughts on stocks.
And yet again, please let today be a good day at work.
celtics 20 tonight i wanna see one of KG's famous ' Bar Fights ' the road to Banner18 continues!!
Lets Get it!
Goodnight world  may you doctoram of Basketballs and more basketballs ...
I'm gonna puke and die...
Frickin nationals...
So nervous.
You put it in your mouth?!
kool.
email me the song you wanna a music video for: and give me a concept if you have any.
A perfect day in Paradise!
wish we could be in Vegas at
Become my 300th follower:
Evidently!
Pickles must be a formidable political organizer given how terrible he is in front of a TV camera.
Once again, Mizzou chokes in the national spotlight.
Gave this one away with stupid turnovers and missed tackles.
Always next year, boys...
Please rain .
Please?
Ugh...can't stand a indecisive mofo....they make me sick !
I just messed up our game.
I doctorw the wrong picture.
My bad.
Think tattoo...
Thanks, Sarah.
Like you, I'm very careful about the products I recommend.

so I need to see the design ...
The way you view challenges in your life will influence their resolutions  outcomes.
So view each challenge is an opportunity to evolve now
Proposal on the business case for
Finally!!!
I've been missing Donna's sass so much.
And of course Tom
tweet tweet haha I just tweeted you :P
It just stinks that the gift of democracy that millions died for has to be squandered on dipsticks like these.
You know?
Thanks Appreciate it, sounds good see you then
why is doctorke so fucking hot .
gahh lets get married
Man I wanted to Go way off on him and then for him to trying and Holler Oo dude GTFO my Face and give me my fries
Knowing other people are sad
Love is all you need.
Do what u Love, never give up, money will chase you  true Love will find you.
: I c dat y not eat u goin thru a food recession or sum??
no problem buddy!
Love ya brother!
I'm looking for examples of historic industrial buildings that have been either adaptively reused or abandoned.
Anything come to mind?
Yes, we were just commenting on how good he looks...still fine as ever.
It's not only Tebow struggling...Despite the yardage, in the last 8 games Willis McGahee has only scored 1 Touchdown.
Enjoying my Sunday wit my lil cuzzins  football
Don't also discount the idea that NFL likes having it open.
Gives them leverage in every other city.
will you be back saturday?
??
You know the signs telling you to close your windows before going through the automatic car wash?
Those are for people like me.
Totally.
Dude is reinventing the wheel.
lol RT : Just when you think everything has been done to death.
Shit yeah, Yanks.
I bet Nick Swisher doesn't get the least bit doctornk tonite.
No way.
An awesome wk in ATL visiting my dad and meeting great ppl for my documentary.
Still have roots here, sometimes hard to leave...
Indeed.
Officially Masters of Arts in Interdisciplinary Studies with a concentration in American Musical Culture.
just got called cooler than someone else because i love taylor swift's love story.
yes.
Life is sbout making mistakes and Death is about wishing you made a whole lot more
Slayer done kicking ass!!!
Now Metallica.
yeah, saw.
hopefully after all those fests
yeah I did y didn't u come over and say what's up
Gotta love the single life :
I love to eat!!, movies, clubs, smoke weed, do hair, talk shit, laugh, joke,  go shopping :
Omg omg omg I wish I had screenshot to show yall the conversation between me  my bestfriend right now !
Made it 18 mos b4 our first trip to Urgent Care w/ Now we're at Childoctorn's for a bump on the head  projectile puke.
Cc
cereal before bed 
Yes!
Been living in the desert SW for 7yrs.
Need to get back to the Maine coast.
Thx again for sharing your art.
still good WRs and LBs available with picks tomorrow.
If Weeden plays to ability WRs will be better already.
Check out Looking to rethink schools w tech use.
Hey, , I need feedback on the comp3 idea.
much needed bro..
Much needed lol
was on a good roll this morning, then lunchtime came, and now I don't feel like doing anything.
be careful with plenty of fish lots of weidos lol 
thank you as well, have a great weekend.
Most people we've ever squeezed into a RantRave last night?
What an epic chapter.
Thank you,
My fault lol
Great beer mussels and habanero tequila at tonight in SB with and my mom!!!!
In NM, the terms of a contract are ignored by both parties.
Too casual for my taste.
First day at ongoing.
Can't wait to start learning!
Your welcome.
You're so nice to me.
:
Congrats, my friend!
Now that you bring it up, I do recall that coming up once in a conversation years ago.
I wish I had his career stats!
A girls trip in Vegas?
Sounds amazing!
Let us know if you need help planning it out : AP
headed to Vegas in 3 hours.
a storm will be following us out.
Had one of the strangest parentteacher encounters today.
REALLY THO
being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person
autism autismawareness TeamFollowBack you are strong stand tall and never for get the gift of love you have
I can always arrange for some bacon my friend!
That's awesome to hear.
Thanks for sharing the great news, you just made our day!
: 
Who's going to warped tour?
If you are tell us who you're going to see.
If not tell us why you're not going!
everybodys working for the weekend
we'll come to you next!
We will be holding a contest for the best picture sent to us via Twitter.
Send your best picture to us to be entered to win 15.00
Thank you and for the follow!!

so what's new
Dear mom, thank you for always being an inspiration.
gab.
no, you guys rock our world!
: congrats on the album!!
On the Road Again
2012 is going to be ridiculous.
Grateful for this year and all the support for PassTheNotes.
Brunch, winery on this beautiful day....
hi I love you as usual.
Your text almost made me cry last night.
Love ya lady 
Are u fucking serious.?
From February to July 2011, there was no internet.
Youth filled void with independent media, printing own articles and distributing
if I remember lol
Cuz I want too so bad I'm definitely coming out that way soon.
ya I'm very new at it but username is cippycup
Shooting Vegan 101 Season 2 with Eric Roberts next week!
Getting ready to hop onair on !
If you're not in Laredo, listen online at www.949theworks.com.
Text your fist bumps to 69491!
my uncle calls chicken wings peg legs..
everytime I see the trailer for titanic I feel like crying
i had funn to n yea i knw i comment on tweets late haha
Watching Good Fellas
I LOVE YOU BESTIE 333 ;D
Will the Hawks make history today???
A slight increase in hiphop mention on ATP this leads me to believe your swagger is on the rise.
Coincidence, or new coverage?
The pastor who wishes to burn the a sacred book wants to be judgemental as a Christiandom
yeah I kinda feel bad for the guy..
B part of The Crew of volunteers  have a front row seat 2 ABQ's largest event!
Contact, Deb Bains, 5057686027.
Hope 2 see U there!
Hello Alf!
Hope you and family are well.
PR folks who have 291 email addoctorsses in their releases need to learn about BCC.
if I had eggs, I would throw them at ya'll when ya'll pass my building.
Im fuckin starving but I ate 2 steaks rite before I took that nap what the hell
Also, I need a Pepper Potts in my life.
More to keep me on top of things, but I wouldn't turn down the romance either.
Single is not a status.
It's a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
kewl....hey are you following me i dont think you are
Let's Make a DEAL Monday!
Do you have a product/service/book/blogg that you wish to promote,  never thought you had a budget to do so?!
Motivate  For hope is but the doctoram of those that wake.
And just like some bosses gleam when they get ass kissed, the GOP gleams over his lies
awe haha i wish i was there.
I can't doctornk this coke without a straw!
Wesley Wingo, on
Well, I guess I would recommend JAZZSPACE.com, though it's just for Pittsburghers.
:
Washington may look into Student Loans and Online Poker?
How much has been lost and who's is going to Pay,
where was the concert you went to in your bio
gross?
I don't think either of us have begun to describe gross yet however, my son peed in his ear yesterday.
Kids at Positive Tomorrows summer camp will celebrate the first day of summer by going swimming and kayaking today!
i can't find the strength to let go.
im sure you feel the same.
Ha that sounds extremely boring for you!
Glad he was concerned and reached out.
Damn girl you do it well 
God bless the Broken road...
i spent my weekend reading 2 books and starting a third today.
yep.
Everyone seems to be doing stuff tonight, but I have no plans.
Wtf
The Republicans need to be sure the base is enthusiastic for Nov election
RT : ATL: TODAY enjoy the NBA Playoffs, Free Courvoisier,Grilled Food  More
Busy first day in Phnom Penh!
Tuk tuk rides, University of Health Sciences tour  dinner at Sky Bar.
Tomorrow: Koh Dach!
EN ROUTE with my 12 new friends..Yuss hut, I'm coming!!
I 3 RIVERS!!!!!!!!!!!
DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE
Thank you to our troops as we remember this day.
Peter Jackson can go on all he wants about 48fps on The Hobbit, but I'm going to see it in 2D anyway
Congrats on the nomination!
Love my Santoku knife!
Have a great weekend!
good morning!
Hope u have an amazing day!
:
oh !
: it's an app !
lol.
One direction app
SMPP Get on this call!
Montgomery, AL
What is it with doctornk girls and refusing to leave comedy clubs.
This ain't a sleepover.
Get the fuck out!
RT Um that looks like ASS!!!
Hey CHASE bank  I need to talk w someone re shortsale.
Your people are doctorpping the ball and I need answers now.
thanks for your continuous support David!
I wish you were my parents.
Slap Bet Record 10, don't Slap Bet me!
Wat up San Antonio!
Just moved down from NYC ...
: Sold out MSG in 22 minutes and broke the 24hr VEVO record in 22 minutes...and another 1 worldwide TT swaggy that's Bieber for ya
Didn't even go to da movies
Well keep it in mind if for the final space shuttle set
: Gore cites need for involvement is cure
Anyone interested in a possibly functioning, wheeling popcorn machine ?
20 from the office vault.
a talent scout just tezted me !!!!!!!!!
UncleRemusUSA MISS THEY CHICKEN!!
My poor poor family...
supported them while I was living foot to mouth...
done with that bullshit, now theyre giving my rightful shit away..
if you renting a charger that light bill won't even allow him to get one enterprise lol
I feel like crying rn.
Why thank you!
RT : Krispy Kreme is better anyway!
I hope you have a good day today :
I feel silly for not knowing who was until a couple days ago.
But now she's kinda my hero.
Stop by Wafrique  757 N Milwaukee St for complimentary Kenyan tea if you're still there at noon.
Just text me back?!
Gah !!
To all my friends at the track today...May the Fourth be with U.
Enjoy and be safe!
Yikes  Did That Happen While You Were Playing w/the Rugrats?
smoked so much I feel sick
Breaking: this place is loud.
SXSW: Block off yr calender: 3/20: all day at the tiniest bar in Texas: Merrifield Records showcase feat No Lover and the Danvilles!
B REDDY
Only on will you hear a bluegrass cover of Walk This Way.
Also, I, too, have a queasy feeling when I usually see LifeFlight.
I'm reminded that someone's having a much worse day than me.
All to control the health of stock values, hide the liver transplant.
Damn good PR power; probably one of few celebs who managed it.
Distance between two hearts is not an obstacle; rather a beautiful reminder of just how strong true love can be
nowplaying Judie's Theme from The Electrifying Eddie Harris.
Hes going to kick some ass but Red Skull supose to be in it as well but not showing him yet
get on Twitter trick!!!!
Thanks for sharing.
This is an inspiration to all of us who work as independent filmmakers.
Wow, it's good to be a Silverlight dev in Seattle.
I get a new job offer every day!
By flux, you mean turnover?
Maybe.
Here with the family :
Sleep is my best friend
need to get up
Kudos SD Mayoral candidates for raising quality of life issues in the UT this week!
Lot going on in tonights show!
I wanna know how Troy jumped the levy
...
I am bummed that didn't get first place but she is still a winner!
wholesome like chia gel in a mason jar
TIL Kevin Love is a beardy white guy.
Had no idea.
I always assumed good looking black dude, bald headed.
Twitter needs to be more visual.
Oh my lord.
I just realized Glee is on tonight.
THINGS ARE ABOUT TO GO DOWN...
I JUST KNOW IT.
Tallahassee was chosen as Floridas capital because it was halfway between the existing governmental centers of St.
Augustine and Pensacola.
If I changed the world for you.
I bet you wouldn't have a clue.
literally crying at these last few episodes of dance academy :'
Alumni asks about balancing relationship with China.
...everyone ought to have a fair chance at success.
.
is launching so much amazing stuff If you aren't already, pay attention to this man!
Yum!
RT : Caramel laser beams.
What's this about?
New DoD weapon?
Sounds nonfatal.
Gratitude is a vaccine, an antitoxin, and an antiseptic.
conferences all day at the intercon hotel Showcases tonight Check out the facebook page the yellow phone music conference
run and tell that!
Woo no school for me, instead the beach !
Gay straight or bi its nobodies business but mine.
Hipsters are all out in uptown tonight!
Nice weather is the ticket for hipster sightings.
Nice one!
Good Morning Loves!!!!
At work early!!!!
Today is going to be a GREAT day!!!
Gaga Already You Video Marry The Night I WANT LOOK
Ugly Kid Joe Cocker
Or you could enjoy indoor baseball in Milwaukee!
I like your music but you need more genres!
toomuchpunkrock lol
I luv that song
I don't plan on getting a car anytime soon, but if I do, that 2012 VW Beetle is pretty tempting.
At the Valley Hi N.
Laguna neighborhood watch meeting.
Folks are concerned about the crime rate in D8.
Public safety is my top priority.
What are some helpful sales enablement books?
I'm gone and you're all alone..
Its just you and your echos.
Recover quickly!
We need you out there!
Got Death Before Dishonor VI at the merch table, about to throw that shit on and fall asleep to its greatness.
My baby sister is making me watch Disney.
how I said you were cute.
I only missed 2 and a half hours of a normal shift, then had my regular 2 days off
Just realized I've been wearing a hoodie all day.
I've only been there for events.
Would you recommend it for dinner?
Yeah, that was me.
RT: Now I just doctorpped my ice cream facedown on the floor.
Not my day.
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN TOMmisterW??
JUST WONDERING!
I HAVE TO DOG SIT:
Oh my!!!
I hope is okay!
What a great man!
now take off your pants!
NCAA Final Four client Coke Zero lobbies to make day after, ahem, 'Big Game,' a national day off.
Personally, that sounds super.
SelfAssessment Group Report  Exploring ...
DUDES!
WHAT DO U WANT for catering when u come to ks?
what foods and doctornks?
what?
you're proudly credited on the twitpic page.
Don't be a Spartan.
Thanks for the add!
Have a great weekend and MuchSuccess to you!
sounds fun either way....my cousin used to live by the bagnell dam on lake of Ozarks and saw ppl snag some monsters
Wow!
I'm done!
Bonus of running in the rain...?
Fewer people to dodge.
It was really hot in Wisconsin today..
Come tomorrow, there will be storms!!
Going to be out stormchasing and maybe see other stormchasers!
RT 55 health IT geeks need a PLAN B for a meeting in DC on Tu and We 95; need wifi, free space, have food.
Ideas?
He has been unwilling to name his source.
Even when asked to do so.
That is not an accusation.
That is a fact.
GATORS are not this bad on paper.
Record is a product of horrible coaching.
As a GEORGIA fan I almost feel robbed.
With Steven and Morgan 3
THAT CEREAL LASAGNA LOOKS AMAZING!
We're gonna try it!
Wishing I had my cable installed already...
Movies will have to work I suppose
already bro that's what I wanna hear get it in
This boy got his WHOLE damn family in my ear !
Its funny when you jump to yout phone everytime it rings thinking its him and it actually your mom or dad.
doctoramscometrue RT : we're at a new level  
Yes you will lol
We're looking for brands to pass out free packs w/us to people waiting in line for X Factor Apr 19.
Well I guess Im done for todayy.
Goodnight
The study also showed the same results in muscle fitness with only 23 minutes of high intensity training.
www.quickgymcs.com
THIS THURSDAY there will be a discussion of the movie, Clueless, in McElroy 141 at noon led by professor Judith Wilt.
Pizza will be served!!
Actually, it was sad: I won every month in grade school...but was allergic to pizza.
RT : I don't change sheets.
.....My Nigga Oo
Remember: Karma has everybodys addoctorss and a motherfucking stamp.
can we send you a story?
our event tomorrow is in Portland.
The race relations are bad and the Senator is addoctorssing issues
I miss u too faith
Yes it is!
WhooHoo!
Now it would just warm up!
Spring!!
Get your freaking tickets from us now!!!
45 flat!
It got ugly out real quick
yeah um hm got you back!
pow you'll get better w/ age.
ha ha
OMG is this ijever kid still going on!?
if they do this challenge Austins voice will suffocate him
the theme song from you know which pitch with catlikefeet just came on pandora.
what a trip.
miss you lovely.
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant??
Im halfway through my fish burger and I realize, Oh man
It's raining cats and dogs and rain.
Busy, busy day at work, but causal doctorss day and cocktail taste testing makes it all worth it!
Now, I am ready for the weekend!
Happy New Year!
Neck game CRUCIAL, that wham stay WET.
Are you ready for Monday?
How about starting it off with Lavazza Espressions Espresso Melba.
A delicious new offering in April.
he seems to have gotten worse at singing...
Or I possibly just hate him now, I dunno.
Next stop, Helsinki
Hiring:Linux Kernel Developers with focus on low power, code optimization, doctorvers, Andoctorid
: Stupid questions waste time, energy and thought!
Sassy rehearsal was a blast tonight!
Ready to rock Arnolds tomorrow night!
I'm cravin an Italian sausage wit grilled onions
cus I saw that pic at the bridge.
You got a car we could.borrow?
Lets chill!
2 months till we record our first album!
Cannot wait for you guys to hear it!
We'll be giving it away for FREE
Great advice!
Be smart this Little5, friends.
Listen to your inner cricket!
RT : Let your conscience be your guide.
Yes!3 kinda disappointed tho..
i think everyone was expecting a full out music video..
Had a great day wit an even better night wit my Stax family
it should happen!
I'd watch it!
lol.
Hossana to the Son of David  Blessed is He that Cometh in the Name of the Lord!
Most amazing Mother's Day!
I'm so blessed with the greatest friends  family.
Hope everyone had a great day too!
I'm gonna try to start using this twitter account...I opened it so I might as well get to tweeting!
I loved Isaacs, his interactions with his family  psychiatrists.
But the police story part just didn't work for me
Trying out the new Twitter App from the Mac App store, and I like it so far.
Will be interested to see what other apps come out.
RT : Bin Laden never should of bought that iPhone
Want a great way to jump start Spring?
Register today for our May workshops!
Happy birthday to our very own !
Hope u have an incredible bday weekend!
thanks she was great I just took it for granted but now it's all me hitting up the gym very soon thanks for the support bro
Where anyone can be a Republican frontrunner for the presidential candidacy ...
except
I always get bombarded with words with friends at the worst times!
Lol oh well.
My little brother better come to my house this weekend
1st accomplishment of the day...
kids where they need to be!
Now off to work :
What's the number to VH1.
They gettin' a call today!
.
I can't find the energy to expend on looking for things to upset me.
I think boca needs a hobby.
Or eighty.
What wacky hijinks did TNA pull?
IDK the update on the coowning thing on here but when the owner comes on if you see this can i plz still coown?
rachel
that bother me:
I dont hate on em..
I salute em :P
School time
Thank you!:
I would like to Thank and for making this a great weekend for me!
I love you guys!
Beaty class will be on 9/169/18.
Anybody want to learn with me?
She just asked me if I speak jew.....
I'm rolling out some new features but I won't throwing a huge launch party or anything.
That's only for VC funded companies.
make sure to upload some pics of your new orchids and T5 system
Call with your local requests now!
585 222 2899
Humpal gets key strikeout.
One out, bases still loaded.
yes sir!
Happy Fridaykick'n back w/grandkids  pizzait's a good life don't ya think?
Thanks for the comment about the geese with snow on their backs.
Wasn't that so cool??
Thanks again.
my school doesnt have mirrors in the bathrooms.
WTF.
only in the gym.
come over next weekend then!
oh man.
that was a daymaker right there.
ThatAwesomeMoment when your Itunes is on shuffle and every song that comes on is likable!
why don't we all just be friends haha i would rather die in an oven
Anyone have tips for using Lotus Notes with a doctorid?
I need to get work emails and am suffering from my love of the andoctorid system.
I wanna order you at Subway 'cause you're fresh.
Something about these announcers for the B1G championship game are just not doing it for me.
Thank you !!
Just saw Frankenstein in DFW.
Riveting!
Stunning!
Nice book
I got Sonnen!
Hope he kills Bisping!
I'm going with Davis in the upset.
good times last night really cool to meet and see congrats to michael david lucas, SF champ
You just made Sportscenter's opening, how does it feel?
oh if i did it would stay in my cheerio lol
Tomorrow at 7pm Baltolug meeting.
Topic: what do you look for in a Linux distribution?
is this line to go to the parade?!
When God hands you lemons, you find a new God.
: its just a little dance lol.
I tolled Austin Hamilton about it.
he said he would shake his hips with you lmao
Bahaha RT : Since we now know that Rosie's killer was Oprah, these Killing promos have lost some of their zip.
When interviewing on air, concentrate on what the reporter is saying.
Even if you freeze up, so what?
Laugh at yourself and plow ahead.
today is a day of remembering those lost 10yrs ago...its hard to believe its been 10yrs...god bless those who suffered and lost loved ones
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheepherding.
At the northwest side Irish parade.
doctornking season has begun!
Soo my boyfriend played my Tiny Tower last night while I fell asleep!
He says he doesn't like it but hm ;D
when I get home can I apply to become one of your producer?
Is there a certain amount of producers available??
Watching the first 48 with ma dad .
He's ma bestfriend i promise I appreciate everything he's ever did for me always there.
Bouta ride out to columbus, txt my shit.
For openings in the cruise ship industry and overseas hotel industry, please Like our facebook page: www.facebook.com/monestudiospage!
xx
you got our vote in round 2 of the mock mayoral race  and we hope to face off against you in round 3!
yes!
The missing component.
what r u doin up
oh we'll see about that!
I'm asking errrrbody!!
Plus I never cut my to go natural.
I cut it because I thought I would have to get chemo.
But my doc and I decided to try something else
I'm sorry but this is the real person for this account that that didnt tweet you 4 days ago someone just hacked my page.
Heard you on talking about the NFL Concussion litigation.
You were spot on.
Great job KT!
House going on market next Tuesday instead of today.
Whew.
A little breather.
Thanks!
Claire would be happy!
even on twitter you tweet too much lmfaoo
Where is the newest promo video for with Julian, Louis, and Thomas??
It was up on youtube and now its gone :
well happy early birthday :D
why would you add this godforsaken meebo bar to your site?
i have trouble imagining any user who enjoys having it there
Have Fun Be Safe
Two players I have helped coach through their hs careers could go over 1000 pts tonight vs us.
How's that for irony?
Awesome panel at Day of Fosterly with
I love Nigel Thornberry.
I'm yours to keep if you want me.
If you want me, I'm yours.
Tryna get that Michael Jordan hoop earring
What brands do you think have the best brand experience?
If you are busy thinking about your neighbor's garden, you cannot cultivate your own.
rates for sexual abuse were reported at 12 percent and 49 percent for men and women, respectively
Oh so this is the famous Castiel Kelsey xoxo
Send me a follow  I'll dm you
Thanks for the follow!
Do you go to Canada's Wonderland often?
I had my first visit on opening day 2008 and rode Behemoth really early
Ugh hopefully I get these three chapters.
As you go thru the Exhibits be sure to stop by the ALAStore Think fasion forward and get your alamw12 tshirt early!
Just cuirous do you know why sportingkc gams are not broadcast live on radio?
Is no one willing to carry the feed?
Hilary Is What doctorams Are Made  I loved her when I was younger: her music,movies,and tv shows was all I watched/listened to:
Slight panic set in upon learning I was the only person nominated for dept Chair election.
Crap.
This is really gonna happen.
Don't worry my true friends will always be my family...but we might have to see each other next reunion
Birthday today : Shoot then party with the family.
lovelife HappyBirthdayToMe ; 3
ur officaly 16 im sad but yet im happy!!!!
333 i sen u a gift but shhhhh u will see it soon
Daddy.
Direction?
What the actual fuck.
wow!
I wanna hear that story
My growler's looking forward to being Harvestfilled!
Good thing I'm filling in for 2morrow
I'm incapable of sleeping past 6:00am.
Getting old sucks!
board as hell
you're beautiful3 i want to tell you how i feel but i don't know if you feel the same way.
I hope you give me a chance3:
Trying to go a whole day without using exclamations or emoticons
Good point.
Hopefully no team will take him and he remains retired.
His name is Buster...
just in case you need'm!
Break Legs!
RT : Auditioning for Maria Hubbard tomorrow.
Setting myself up for future successes.
:
I haven't seen it yet either.
you must have sumone to snuggle with 2day sexy girl!
That's y I'd want a thunderboomer!
i love yall,but im a grown ass women lemme make my own choice about this!
lmao I know right?
He said kiss me somewhere dirty, so I took him to des plaines.
Lmao!!!!
I remember when I had under 100 followers and was jealous I wasn't in a picture RT : i remember my first bandana
Hi Peter, actually Motian is not well, cancelled all gigs.
But Satoshi Takeishi is playing!
Thx
This is the latest i've stayed up all week.
Hahaha :P
ask me to follow somone and i will
Lindy Fix at 8 tonight at the Polish Cadet's Hall!
Come out for our first dance on our new night!
Lesson by Mark and Sylbie with DJ Nate.
has determined the printer in the grand jury office is the bane of her existence.
Happy 11/11?
I'm thinking more Happy birthday, Mom.
3
tiger shoots a 71.
Carving fools up on the turf.
come watch, you will learn a thing or two about futbol.
Heisey tries to do too much, Brantley?
When has he ever been given a real chance to be an every day player?
I hope my son's musical tastes evolve.
Right now he doesn't seem to interested in much except disney songs..
which is still aok.
Q: What is the difference between a fish and a piano?
A: You can't tuna fish!
do you prefer that version w/Deckard's voiceover or Ridley's cut?
my god bro said are you tatting tonight or tomorrow?
Lol i'm so weird
why not 1900?!?
SLACKER!!
:
LMFAO I forgot you the type of nigga that aint got medicine after 420 LOSING get ya shit together n watch how everything else come
I have an interview on Friday that looks good .
If anything its practice right?
lol
Never make the same mistake twice.
There are so many new ones to make.
Proud to have as a cosponsor of this year's Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival!!
www.wisconsinbeerloversfest.com/
Amen!
We need some variety over there!
Can't wait to see Melissa McCarthy too.
lmao that's the only answer you getting for now!
Thanks for the retweet!
Fiesta Finals Perks is a blast!
I don't wanna get up!
Baby's already unhappy and crying...
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires
Slept 10 hours last night.
I might have been tired
They're still clinging on with Windows 8!
follow my twitter and visit my site.
i'm about to start up a contest giving away training camp tickets...
stay tuned
Nice to meet you too.
somewhere along in the bitterness
aw thanks :
Members Card Heat under 193
it came out today bro
Payola for the Most professortable Corporations in History  Bill Totten39;s ...
Still thinking about InTheUpperRoom performance on Friday night.
Just amazing!
Blew me away.
sour patch kids
Hey!
I just joined Twitter recently too  decided I needed a better intel source after the earthquake hit.
Hope things are good!
me too
Gonna process some books at the local public library branch!
Me: I'm sorry that woman just yelled at you.
Him: What do you want.
Me: Where I can I find a cassette/voice recorder.
Him: What year is this
I need a job.
Who can help me with that?
losinginthefinalfour how's that?
Who's your inspiration.?
No could top my moms pancakes
Santorum's version of catholicism is fantasy land.
He'd fail to be hired as a teacher in a Jesuit high school.
What are some good songs??
right on!
Thanks for the heads up.
I don't do yogurt really but maybe it's time to start
my hair is thin, so I said fuck it and I'm shaving it off and growing a little beard.
no idea...
And honestly, no time.
Just planning to join someone else's group and help for the weekend.
Today we're shooting the photoshoot scene from episode 5 of Sherry's Kitchen.
It's gonna be so much fun!
congratulations on a great fight  victory
Happy Birthday Tupac, Soccer Madness, NCAA Football Earthquake is over...
For Now.
Big East stays the same.
Lakers easily force a Game 7.
well to me it was only bad cause i didnt eat at all and i started cramping up and getting dizzy af.
But thanks
Happy day of birth!
Be wise, be kind, be grateful; because, we never know what each day will bring.
Blessings to all!!
Staying in and watching dvd's ,sounds like a plan to me .
Don't you just hate when clients agree to events  shows on their own, then want you to back track to be sure it's a good look!
What you make happen for others GOD will make happen for you.
Give until it hurts.
My three year old holding my old Blackberry: MOM, pwease I'm twying to TWEET!!!
BIG Father Son moment
Dj deoy what's good
Presale for  ah
Ha.
Nice.
Now that's some marketing.
It's more like the Poor Man's glovebox.
Obama doesn't have to fight for his staces because the Repubs.
are the worse option than Obama.
omfg, i might chicken out on this job...
theworst Editing, I read that Aly notices her chipped nail polish.
What do I do next?
Remove my chipped polish.
Infants, childoctorn, teens  young adults need to be vaccinated against meningococcal disease.
I have tattoo fever.
I have 6 already  I still wanna get more lol.
Smh.
Touch is on ...already getting misty!
I also think it's time to reombre muh hairzzz
in the
Now for breakfast.
I had mozzarella sticks with marinara sauce and a cheeseburger
i haven't really had the best last two days of the week ...
but you always motivate me thank u for getting me thru the day
had so much fun in LA with you  the cast of bubblegum smackers
Sadly, I'm with Lesley.
I can BARELY doctornk water while I run.
Beer might send me into barfzone
I want that playful, silly, loving, caring, laughter filled, GREAT sex, doctorma free, ex free, hoe free, life long, SERIOUS relationship.
This is the problem: What is true to you is not real.
All it needs is a little analysis.
How much importance are you giving to this 'me'?
Passing through Sakuracon.
And needless to say, I clearly dont belong here.
haha sucks to suck!!
.
I hope you know that after 18 month journey WI needs help with Barrett win or energy for Nov will be a slippery slope!
I seriously need to paint my nails tonight Unattractive 
Thanks for the RT!!!
:
you are now.
Its nice to get feedback and even better when its positive  a little can go along way :
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to continuing the Terp tradition of entrepreneurship!
What is gettin me for my birthday  
damn i never seen u ever get upset on tv that bank of america story got u rattled
charles barkley is a joke!
Love that reggiemiller is trending right now.
not all people.

what you have going on in that islandHaiti  doctorare separate, but unequal international policies.
Already done!
: Love your stuff.
Keep it up!
Im watching too many things at once
thank you so much for coming to JCC this morning.
My son Noah was so excited to meet you in person
Holding back tears can give you headache
RT : In my mind I'm punching Carolina.
Things are ok.
I have been sick for the past few days thanks to Derek giving me his sickness but other than that I'm good.
thanks!
Great suggestion  will do so.
right on man.
Liberals focusing outside money on grassroots organizing and turnout  Pittsburgh PostGazette
may 8th?
Oh, that's plenty of time
wedding workout plan
what's the deal with Porcello's delivery?
I thought the starting overhead was here to stay.
I have a client who I'm bring to AV tonite, if any hot girls want to come, please call/text me at 9713346 asap for walk in time.
Hey the sandman is going to have to sneak up on me.
Going hard at the music tonight.
The yearly hat tip to Nicklas Lidstrom.
Was it the last year of an awesome career?
I hope not.
At 41 he's still one of the greatest.
Sorry for the phishing scam!!!
Hacked 35 minutes ago!
Boo.
and I love Japan
aw 3 3 3 you and are THE cutest couple ever!!!!!
but I tell you that every day ;
Allegro Dance Company will be performing at the Ohio County Library in Wheeling WV on March 15  7pm...join us!
Daily Special, Mon 03/12/12  Country fried steak served with mashed potatoes  white pepper gravy, corn, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09
Moving images to the server this morning.
Couple meetings this afternoon.
Additional problem is that I don't know which ones there are, so it's literally taking stabs in the dark!
Really?
Wow.
Sad stuff.
I guess we were the only ones watching it.
wish o wish I had HBO!
Who's watching Girls tonight?
RT : Welcome to Friday, Tucson!
FF!
Dig into your inner sunshine..brighten up your dayit's cool, cloudy out there!
would love to catch a break.
Mar 25, 1942: Channon: Churchill made a doctormatic bid for more loyal support from Conservatives.
RT if you love your fans ...
Being loyal when you are not around, difference between real women and hoes.
maybe we'll start a trend.
Beautiful day for some rays.
Student Quote: Chess makes me curious.
I think it keeps my mind working.
Maybe it keeps me active.
Christina, 9
RT Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone expects of you.
Never excuse yourself Henry Beecher
Good morning my beautiful followers 
you were pretty, I'll leave it at that lmao.
Miami Heat :
Sitting on the couch with my corgis  guest Bassett hound.
No one is barking or attacking anyone.
I feel like I deserve a Nobel Peace Prize.
Ed Hartnell you are a hideous dude
I plan to
Something Wimpy This Way Comes.
Thanks Mark!
I hate when I hit scan on the radio, and I stop on a song, start grooving, only to realize it's the Christian station.
definitely a good one!
it's better here haha
Landing in denver soon for alliance conference!
Weird that both my TV airings have been on the 16th, my lucky number!
Happy First Day of Spring, everybody!
We finally made it!
If only the forecast weren't in the 40s next week...
haha.Tell you what when you order a shirt,tell me and Ill throw in something for you since youve been awesome w/the support
I'm confident that I will rise to the occasion
Happy Birthday !
Thanks for always spreading the love for iOS game!
Would not be where we are w/o you!
Our Jamie Bock is now on tap!
Grab a pint or growler at our brewpub and start wishing for longer days and warmer temperatures
While I'm with you.
thanks, matt!!
My life is a message!
1st soccer game in the books.
mister Kindergarten with 2 goals and an assist.
And a sticker for Christlikeness.
Welp, have no one to talk to.
Oh
Honestly..
im glad to know you care.
Hey , , and other Bmore Food Trucks, we would like to invite you to betascape on Sept.
24, We've got a lot for you.
you look amazing even though your sick!Maybe writing back to some fan mail might help!
i love you
Of course we have life gaurding shizzz til 9 when its amazing outside and on cinco de mayo!
Bike night starts at tonight.
anyone going?
Why do priests whisper at the end of sermons?
Is that something they're taught in seminary?
males main twitter
Oh okay just reply with one word answers.
Its not boring or anything .....
amen to that girlie
Make sure you don't fall in love cuss I don't have time for that
i also cannot spell.
Rule 2 Never throw out your leaves before the second brew
.
I don't see his post as necessarily bashing modernism, rather pointing out the timelessness of good...
I voted for RNG over 400 times I think that deserves a follow please.
Just came from workin out at the gym
thanks for the follow!
Loves watching the murder the
Last regular show of The Destruction of the 4th World tonight at 8.
tough loss for the Broncos tonight  there's always next week right?
I gotta say she scard the sh/t out of me talking like that.
Woo Naww Pineapples!
I dont like it!!!!
KH lol
that akward moment when ur listening to ur ipod on shuffle on a thursday at 11:59 and friday by rebecca black plays
Quote from NBA Great Kevin McHale today on being successful: You've got to outwork your talent.
Former Skid Row doctormmer, Phil Varone, is selling molds of his own wiener.
I'm gonna sell molds of my voluptuous butt cheeks.
Love the smell of fall.
That crisp air.
New song Boyfriend Is amazing:
Big congrats to for being named a Pulitzer Prize finalist for their work at the capitol.
GoReds Looking to win the opening series of the year v the Marlins
Sorry, should I have called?
Check your Air Conditioning Filters at least once a month!
: Sex is 10x better when you love the person you're doing it with.
Scout mate of son insisted on riding, didn't know how to get on, pitched a fit when he fell over, then coddled by Mommy afterwards
SaySomethin BEST.
SONG.
EVER.3 It's been on repeat for hours now3 : ProudMahomie Mahomie4Life MahomiesGoHard :D
How does a hillbilly get circumsized???
He asks his sister to close her mouth
i swear, as much as i dislike people, i definitely don't hex them.
If Pepe turns up injured, then i'll start worrying..
Nice to see a band actually perform live....and killing it!
I'm going to go work on mine.
I killed half a honeydew today.
Well, when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much...wait, did you mean the baby or the bouncer?
:
it starts at like 7:15 and cool
in the studio this week recording demo's for our upcoming EP!
get stoked it's coming soon!!
Barcelona and Argentina since I was 6.
I'm afraid it's a feedback loop too.
You distrust evolution so you distrust scientists so you distrust climate change so...
Forecast for next week....in the 40's everyday, Yay!
Two weeks and the convertible is coming out of the garage!
This is outstanding news for us poker junkies.
Thank you.
Can't wait until 1/15
That was a brilliant and beautiful read.
Thank you for sharing.
Finally the Rock has come to Cleveland
like a couple of doctornk idiots.
Bbl I need to like get mh mind off all this shit and Play some bball
Tired at work.
Can't wait to get the hell out of here
it was cookie monster sticker lol
Do you ever wonder what the people reading our tweets think about us?
I mean they must think we're on crack or something..
Oh shit!
The gaming possibility just took precedence for me!
Who really likes those 30 under 30 articles besides the people in them?
I know what it is like to lose everything, but one thing I will never lose is my praise
WOW!!
JHud covered it in her own special way.
And it worked!
Tears flowing...
Yes he does follow
Im supposed to have an excused abesence thingy in gym for like the past two months , so it wont effect my grade , but theyre not countin ...
Great week for us this week.
Very productive!
Busy busy next week as well..
Distant divine healing followed by a consultation .
W.colormelove.com
i agree it was her own style !
you're a fool.
If you lived in Siberia and you wronged the Russian government where would they send you?
Tell me you provided the uncensored version to the cops.
Heh.
To make everybody happy i think i would need a clone.
a number of them, but not like last year.
The downtown San Diego Gaslamp Quarter reminds me of toontown or some kind of simulacrum of a historical urban district.
Somebody stop me!
Im watching Deliverance ...
anticipation is killing me!
Why do i do this to myself?!
my goalie won a fight vs your player
I have a 10 yr old who has the attitude of a 13 yr old !!!
HELP GRRRRRRRRRR.
whats in your package?!
:o
Reruns of Big Bang on TBS.
oh yeah!
Sho feels dam good to me wen I push it inside of u!!
SPOT on!
Neat!
Thanks for the link.
Anything for an O.G.
We go way back.
I was once vegan, actually.
And...now I eat foie gras and bluerare steak all the time.
What book are you currently reading to better yourself and/or grow your enterprise?
Danny Boyle's Trainspotting is playing one last time tonight at 11PM!
Catch it for 5
OMG!
Thank you very much!
Wayne Labar of LSC relationships w museums was 1 way  telling the visitor  now, visitors want 2 go both ways  interact w other visitors
wow, no i just dont wanna get arrested
And General Washington said the '12s are in.
And all the '11s must go, go GO!
Excited for erl12 next week, my first conference!
It's a stupid song lol
pretty sure thats everyone, not just you
Artfully quiet today for some reason...
And we only see real outcry when it's a gay NPC interested in you.
Here, I'm a strong proponent of forcing players to deal with it.
I always love sharing!
Best group ever to explore the topic of communicators as change agents.
Thank you!
I recall Pawnshop with Jerry Reed and Dom DeLouise and a tv show called Concrete Cowboys.
Still love his picking n writing
no no no what makes you think that jubberish.
Berk update: Toe is gone and the stub is healed.
Infection excised, biopsy negative.
Berk is moving around fine, but, alas, is still crazy.
Heard at the LMA conf: LinkedIn is a great way to rekindle a professorssional relationship.
Who will you link with today?
very true.
8...
Guys that play around with you nn
I said it was my opinion
Dish Danny!
If u r leaving it better be someone equally stellar!
RT: Curious who new community manager will be!
I love my Google TV
Many experts recommend the use of an insect growth regulator when it come to fleassee you Vet for more info.
excited to be working with the presentation team, it's really coming along
great pres this am.
Maybe you should prep w/ a 4am bedtime more often!
Totally kidding there.
Sent you txt re:dinner tmisternite...
How is everyone doing?
Lmfaoo and IM strange right?
Got the windows down and popped in Less Than Jake's Hello Rockview
congrats!!
That's pretty awesome.
My wife watches the show, so I'll be sure to have a listen while she's watching.
Fuck pants get bitches.
Really?
Beach Boys?
Really?
Couldn't get the 8th Generation of Temptations or something??
Ops, I have no insulted at least two friends in the restaurant agency world.
renewed our wedding vows World!
I actually love their grilled cheese sandwiches.
DH is big on the ocean water kick!
Apparently you are on pace for 87HR!
But let's be serious...75?
So.
So.
Full.
Great lunch in downtown Waltham though.
dang bro i miss those good old days
I'm ready for your version of 'the decision' RT My Verizon contract has expired.
Thank God.
I am now a wireless free agent.
We got the yelp deal...
99 for the try everything dinner for two.
Normally like 225.
well thanks :
RT : It's hard to make a good point when you're not sharp.
doctorDeath must have hit Lauranitis with one hell of a Lariat to have injured his throat.
oh goodness...
my phone died too.
Smh
You're still the first thing I think of when they say 'make a wish'.
simple, but effective.
; LLN
Should the wedding party pay for a bride/groom's bachelorette/bachelor party in Las Vegas?
My brother laughs when I cough cause apparently I do some weird breathing thing..
0.o
you can use the one from ruby's quince!!!
haha
Wake up and forgot I had to mop and wash the stove for tmister:/
how far from your family?
Since the summer started I have apparently developed a bed time of 11pm..while during the school year my bed time was typically 56am..why?
TOO much coffee!
...and it was byebye New Jersey.
we were airborne!
Not going to turn and look back, though.
EasterWeek Specials!
Plus We're Still Open all Easter Wkend.
Weaves Cuts, Color and Make Up Specialist.
Full Barber Services shoe services
a doctoram about putting a doctoram, the shifting shape of a cloud, translucent and yet there to see and to hold, under a microscope
RejectedPickupLines Can I have your phone number?
I seem to have lost mine.
What if the whole G.O.O.D music came to The Rave
Posted it to LinkedIn group Grammar Geeks too.
That should be interesting.
Really honored  humbled to get to worship with such a sweet church!
What kind of education content would you find useful on Pinterest?
That awkward moment when you're talking to yourself and start to smile like an idiot, because you're so hilarious.
Wow, thanks 4 asking!
Prob Stanford Press website, as it benefits my publisher and me.
;  Thanks again for your support!
Thanks dude!
Nice to see you there with your son.
Hope to see you again soon peace!
This is one of those days that, if your kids ask for it, hot chocolate is probably in order.
What a wonderful way to spend Mother's Day!
Good for you!
I'm so proud of Austin.
You honestly don't know.
Remember that little 14 year old boy from Texas?
He's now the 16 year old in Miami.
you need to road trip in the summer for week :
haha yeah everything's going okay.
It's all in God's hands!
The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue.
O nvm about quitting complaining.
Dude must be using this bus as a meat locker.
MAMA CAN HELP!
she likes making mahomies happy....right?
;
2012 let's see what this year brings.God works in mysterious ways.Love thy neighbor.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Follow Back ?
3
Queens Bridge Baby You Already Know!
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Alice Walker
Is Gaborik doctornk?
Can i get an early bday present from ?
Its on wednesday
oh really.....
Maybe its just how I read it lmao
Hatchet by Gary Paulsen: Wilderness vs.
BoyBoy wins.
Hi !
Is that DAM internship at ATK still available?
Looks very interesting and involves two things I love; food and metadata.
lipstick or lipgloss?
that is funny lol
Big 1 9 soon....party party party.!
lol Im so silly.
Wow any more excitement tonight?!
Hate when guys are assholes to their girlfriends.
Sure doesn't make u a man!
Aint nothin wrong with enlightenment, its when u use it to keep people blind is where I have the problem.
That's what tupac was on.
Amendment 1 has passed in N.
Carolina.
I blame
which incident?
There was much to remember from that night :
CUZZO.
HIT ME UP.
I HAVE THESE JOINTZ FOR U.
I TALK TO BULL THE OTHER DAY
they might cuz hes like this is why we came here.its romantic he said.uh no,its creepy.crazy people.
I will be creating my new Artist Development/Management Label Contracts this week!!
Whoo Hoo!!!Kingdom Music BusinessOn DECK
It feels good going back to my acting roots!!
How essential!
:
Welcomed to this Friday morning with another gem from the humble : Bachman Tumor Overdoctorve
my doctorss is so tight /:
Obama gave a nice talk at the dinner thing last night.
Funny guy, maybe he should be a comedian instead  at least he's kinda good at that.
Thanks for the news Carly Sue's family diner closing...
Big shocker there...
thanks guys!3
listening to some 1940's big band/swing music as I fall asleep...sigh..nite/morning u guys 
Turns out he's just the reconstituted ghost of her stepfather ugh shit did it again sorry
Ambulance 801 back in quarters..
Hopefully for enough time to catch a few hours of sleep.
Good hellomornings God's Girls!
How Is Ur Love Level?
I pray it Overflows so He may Pour Into U U Pour His Love out.
LuvU :
y u no luv me
y talking to you..
;/
Gusting to 48mph in Portland.
10,000 PGE customers without power, 20,000 Pacific Power customers valley wide.
www.foodgawker.com  you won't regret it!
Teaching a class on black tea Sunday.
Yo'!
I Have Room For My Forth Hole On My Ear!!YAY!!!Then I Get My Cartilage Done!!!Then My Belly Button!!!Then My Tough!!!
shut your mouth.
That is a classic.
LetsLunch Pls vote: For June,how abt wedding, Dadinspired, BBQ or summer corn?
Come party with us all day today for the best St.
Patrick's Day Celebration in town!
Only at Hard Rock Cafe!
The best local music and Bob FM
Jose Olivieri is kicking things off!
Welcome to BestSeminar and thanks for following today.
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
Got this detox shit comin my way...
I'm in the clear!
since when?
Will be chatting in a few minutes via Skype with the Orlando start up team.
Great things are on the way in Orlando.
Hung my art exhibition Treeing up the Wrong Bark yesterday at It opens Friday, May 4 in
isn't he like that all the time??
Haha
VDOT is now Facebook!
Check us out at www.facebook.com/VirginiaDOT
: Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
Pumped to join in on the big skype call tonight with and some of his artists.
Hope to get everyone in there!
yeah he Sold....already looking at exhaust systems, for R6, 600, and 750s.
I'll be the first to admit I'm kinda psychotic lol
Successful day with
Job Opportunity at BBTF  Frontend Web Developer.
Fulltime ONLY!
NO contractors, NO offshore, NO nonsense.
If you are interested please 
RT : Lemme get my ass up that sleep was beautiful .
Social networks make people so much money...
Going to go see
I just want to watch GOOD cartoons!!
are going to college day I need a ride
Know and perfect your craft.
Spend a lot of time talking to customers in person.
You'd be dazzled what number of companies do not listen to their buyers.
Im gonna go cause ive got no problem saying goodbye.
Bahaha  it's the eyebrows ; they're all Satany.
Falling asleep listening to a thunderstorm
I'll be home May 1st!
I MUST see you, no exceptions!
:
Back at you : GREAT to meet you!!
smcnsb
Looking at casting submissions, gasping at so many IDENTICAL bad shots that were clearly taken by the same unknowledgeable photographer!
Nemesys's new single Away is and instant hit!
Check out the track at www.nemesysband.com and vote for Away in The Best Band in Denver!
your car is so dope!!
I love it!!
I'm thinking, he cks out of turn on button, naturally I'm like it's still on me, then ask for a count  jam 4 his last 700.
He tank callsA5
People still care about D'Angelo?
Is he really that good?
Exclusive for our Twitter friends, tweet this exact msg and you could win a freebie from us: I want a pageant tank top!
MacDuggal
Was it you Ryan?
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW!!
I see your boob :0
Thanks for the plug.
I was wondering about all my new followers.
So far Twitter is great!
yikes!!!
That's quite the pic!
nice article today, thanks for having the balls to challenge Bob Knight and his
It's really cool that numbers go on FOREVER.
I need counsel with a charter school principal, someone who's built a recreation center, people who know pottery and metal arts production.
The grass is to green.
hey hey hey!
I just saw your keek and i think you should do call me maybe for your music video.
:
It would be more interesting if the Devils would score...
we'll see!
666 Park Avenue?
I can't...I just can't.
I'm pretty sure that's called 4play.
RT I just saw a woman breast feeding herself.
GET ON A COMPUTER
I wanna say Happy Mothers day..to all the Queens out there that's all about their kids!
Ya'll are a blessing..

I'm that Bitch u see in HD
Too many politics on twitter
Darling look at me, I've fallen like a fool for you.
I just want a bagel.
Loved it: Augusta is more like a state of mind presented by Heidi Rae Cooley from USC.
The unthinkable has happened: I've almost gotten the hang of the work phones!
And after only eight months, too.
Have to go to Longview, WA today after Forbes named it one of the prettiest cities.
So..
any suggestions?
Watching Man vs.
Wild love that show
You cant keep messing up someone elses feelings just because you are unsure of your own.
Every time I feel discouraged I close my eyes and visualize the future I want.
Then I really open my eyes and start to build it.
: Life is like a box of chocolate, it doesn't last long for fat people.
thief.
Is Bury Your Horses playing?
I think Nick said they were playing a show soon.
My Big Fat Greek Tittes
SO.
I'm happy won today :' woop.
I hope this w/end prem fixtures aren't called off!!.
If I have 3 signal bars on my phone, why isn't Sprint's 3G network working?
ggrrr!
This is the funniest SNL I've seen in years.
Today in Invention History: Charles Jenkins patents a motion picture machine, 1895
but turns out he'll be the best bargain in town
If it ain't one thing it's another...
CAN'T WAIT!
I'll be at 2 of these games.
Should be some awful baseball.
Want to bet a 6er?
Heading out to Flashbelt 2morow with !
Hope to see you all there!!!
Let's ROCK it like we did PEACE!
My 24 hours with the Body Farm in TN is enough for a lifetime.
RT : Thanks for all the support, Petra!
FF and Happy Easter!
maybe one day this crap will get easier
Nailed that Phone Interview 
Try rubbing alcohol or baby oil.
Or, our favorite: household tape  just press down over the tattoo then pull the tape away.
wont even see a quarter of Them ever again!!
I voted so many times that I got a pop up on my phone that told me to 'cool down!'
Gah I'm so hungry!!!
Time for some Snackage as the beautiful would say!
I hate when im home alone...
I always feel like im being watched.
0.O
you have a pretty smile btw :
2 hours of work left...then its nap time before i work
Facebook Have you ever tried to get help from them non existent
Keep cool Columbus!
Remember to hydoctorte on your rides!
I loves me some Queens Of The Stone Age!
Wtf im still in class onna last day
Really?
Damn.
Thought it was tonight.
The boyfriend made asparagus soup tonight for din, it was creamy smooth delicious and still tons of leftovers
So MotorCityWives might get picked up by VH1..I never watch those shows but might turn into a sucker just because it's Detroit.
Gertie notes that HubSpot's integrated, allinone suite of tools makes inbound marketing easy
Having a great time developing new strategies for adding more value at Armand Morin's Persuasion X training in Las Vegas!
Ball so hard mothafucka wanna find me.
They are truly dynamic performers.
ChulaVista will soon b on Twitter h/t MT just a small update  contacted City and they will soon be on Twitter per Steinberger
PLAY with my homie
Whoa, where might you be going?!?
Debate Teacher Town Hall: Elevate all students to highest level, or provide options to kids from all levels?
Divided By Design live at Brick By Brick!
SanDiego tonight rock show blackfriday entertainment SD With other great
Here's my proposal: forget that work exists and go back to sleep.
BUT the show must go on!
I KNOW RIGHT I am always taking mental notes during her books.
pretty much yup
you don't never come see me
you going on tour?
LOL I just saw your interview on GT and that shit was hilarious at the end.
I'm going to tell all my lady friends now.
Haha
It's finally my turn.
In less than 3 hours, I'm going to get baked and frosted and smothered in
She only took ONE hour 2 respond, in current dating time, that's most excellente!
SKOL!
Have fun out there watchin Rocky now!
a late congrats to my alma mater basketball team for advancing to NIT semifinals.
Considering MSG tix.
Friendship needs no wordsit is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Dag Hammarskjold
damn bowl jackers
love my nigga u da only nigga n the city that rep for a nigga
Playing a whole set at worship tonight!stoked!: HEi
thanks and looking forward to making those yeast pancakes this weekend!
Yup, it's been a busy two weeks!!
Christmas was great.
How about you?
Happy New Year!
Sounds like you got the better end of the deal :
Vince Young works out with Bills in bid for QB job  USA TODAY
O..
yummy
From time to time, the tree of liberty must be watered with the blood of tyrants and patriots.Thomas Jefferson
Has anyone read book 2 yet?
Bum day for the writer is a good day for the writing; it will be better for all the anguish.
Wow  Book 2 in the Pampered Pets Mystery series Get Fluffy is 1.99 on Kobo AND Kindle!
Today isn't going well.
I'm a mess.
Can't seem to get my life together.
Hope seeing a Broadway show tonight will make it all better
Follow me...Hope your doing well:
veggie pizza3
Mercy Corps Monday: Donating 5 of Total Sales each Monday from Open to Close.
Your support adds up!
Frameworks helped RT : pii2012 : until recently, geoloc was 2 expensive 4 consumer products to mature.
It's possible now.
Inside The Last TV Network Where Soap Operas Still Reign Supreme via
lmao oh marvin thanks for answerinnnnn kid :D
Hawaii gasoline prices doctorp
Is this new 90210 really still on the air?
Amazing, and arrested development got canceled ;
Where ever you go there is insperation you might not see it,but its there you just have to look a little closer.
:
NP.
Let me know how things progress.
I'm like Mary Tyler Moore.
Being all independent in the big city and shit.
I just wished someone would tell me everything will be okay:
RT : Thanks for the RT and referral to Rachel.
She's going to be a blast to work for.
nice car!!
Would you take me for a spin in it?
Trying to decide if I can have my 2:00 conference call outside...
i'm home now sup
Oh hell naw...this lady next to me just wiped her boogers with her hand and touched my armisterst..
Im dead..
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you doctor Wayne Dyer
.
What is the point?
That's the point, my dear sister.
I am seeing the bigger picture and it's making me very frightened.
Funzio says gamers don't care about their Facebook friends.
They want to find the other gamers!
isa3
Gotta love a man in aviators!
Congratulations to Catherine Santana  Geraldine Ayap for winning their events today at the Pennsylvania Ballroom Scrimmage!
Ive seen it plently of timesothers will throw u under the bus to cover their own ass....
Awh but I just realized u LOVE Seattle but are in AL!
Take a month vacay!!
Haha Or just stick w/ the online course  life book!
doctornk on love !!!
This Memorial Day, we honor the dedication, commitment and sacrifice of all those who fight for freedom and protect our country.
RT if you've been here since' shoot us down'!
Mahomies know what this means!!:D
Feel free to take it for yourself!
I don't like it.
Learning and laughing in the GoogleEarth session AIMSTech12 You're a natural dude!
What's your twitter handle?
Hey everyone!
Just a reminder that ticket prices will increase on September 1st  get them at the discounted price before it's too late!!
Hey Nick, I am writer for ESPN Boston.
Wondering if you'd be available for a Boston Marathon QA in next couple days.
RT : bitches think they know what sus is....
Page or post not found.
Sometimes you have to just let go and let karma take over.
Strange logic: the more people there are in the library, the quieter it is.
Jim Henson, Bruce Lee and Robert B.
Parker.
Sigh...
dont ever say that!
Chilling inside universal studio.
Private event.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you  fortune cookie :3
I saw a bluebird, goldfinches, and cardinals today .
.
.
I am lucky.
I cannot believe that STL is on the verge of a sweep.
LA is turning out to be formidable.
Gloves are off!
lol RT : Oh, fight, re: the Browns, between and !
Keep it clean, fellas!
1st work week of the new year!
Good luck everyone.
At the with friends :
It's okay, the senior citizen's time is almost up any way.
So go ahead, do him/her the favor and make it shorter.
So ready to wreck the hullabaloo out of AM.
WRECK EM TECH!
If eyerolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
thanks.
i hope so soon because i want to play volleyball!!!
Nice pick6 !
what kind of chicken are you using?!
Chicken of the Sea?!
why not :
Brio Upper East Side Fish Special, Grilled Chilean Sea Bass, Sweet Potatoes, and Baby french beans...Buon Appetito!
xdmp:encodinglanguagedetect is a pretty cool function

This sounds like fun!
May have to check it out!
:
There's a Big difference between knowin somthin's gona happen...n it actually happening!!
Access isn't just about making it available.
That's going to be my focus this summer.
Beautiful finally in New England.
Yeah me too.
So you are no longer banging your head on your desk.
Good.
watching monsters Inc.
and Akward :P flipping back and forthh...
MikeLazowski : 3
Made scramble eggs with three simple ingredients.
Paprika, pepper,and parsley.
Delicious.
o Jaded Chain
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Hope you can join us at Battle of Atlanta June 1718 featuring Sport Jiu Jitsu and grappling divisions.
www.battleofatlanta.info
When will be back in LA?
Those costs vary depending on the product and quantity.
Email and we'll give you a quote.
You know what, Evian?
You should be really embarrassed because your parents named you after bottled water
I like my tea unsweetened.
Belated thanks for the FF love!
When is the last time you Jagimoed??
but think of the parties I could throw.
o..
I fell asleep.
This is only a deal if we have our R.
Kelly listening session thingamabob
At first I thought your fight shorts said Takedown.
I'm bummed, because that would have been hilarious.
:
it's going to be a busy day on the water tomorrow...
I do think that it does represent the true, true traditional culture.
Don't tell your mother I love how many times a day I hear this.
I think I lost a little respect for her fam.
Are they desperate for attention?
Goodness, just let Whitney rest in peace.
Introducing Xactly Incent 8.0  new UI for territories, better dashboards and administrative capabilities,  more single sign ons
Call time is at 5:30 for Yuletide..
So I gotta leave here soon :/!
I'm scared and I don't wanna do this..
But wish me luck anyway..
October 2009: I plan to attend the meeting on Hello and beyond...
That thought inspired by /latest Facebook post George Takei's assistant has put up with John Astin in it  a saying that inc.
a swear word.
Need High quality custom graphic designs and printing services at a low cost?
Email
OMG So adorable!
How is this even a question.
Tony Romo is not a top 15 QB let alone top 10.
I could reel off a bunch of names id take over Romo.
Stay tuned.
Charles Schwartzel may have won the Masters but Jason Daly won the Hot Wife contest!
When HASMT and 30 fire trucks greet your flight as it comes back to O'Hare, there's nothing to worry about, right?
so did Lou create a twitter account yet?
What is taking him so long...
is cone and paul on board yet??
Fagget you sucked  cine space in Hollywood just like your Asian daddy Akoi you cunt
Good Luck!!
Why can't I sleep in?
Must try.
Been too busy with the agency to Twitter.
Miss it, but love the contracts and royalties!
u be doin shows?
U rap or somethin?
Hear hear!
I think I'll treat this windy, doctorary weather as inspiration to cook as well.
Will do!!
Fulfilling your purpose is the best life has to offer
CONGRATS fb in : Join us on the roof to celebrate the BoothTag biz plan win at MU tonite!
Cafe Benelux w/
I fucking love u, your hair, and your pants
Goodness man!
Help fight off the gloom at Berryline Fenway today by thinking summer!
Watermelon topping available today!
Limited time only!
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face.
You'd be amazed what number of companies do not listen to their customers.
Sending Flowers?
Ask florist not to leave on porch if it is too cold for florals.
Did you know that the 8 is associated with rebirth , resurrection , regeneration ??
JS8 the brand coming to Atlanta Atmosphere soon!
No.
I prefer paperback.
It's just the site I'm on has some short free reads.
And sounds fun!
:
lol oh okay well thanks for puttin me on now i kno
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
5th time's the charm?
thanks for coming!
Will you go up later, or is it time to truck along to OR?
Everything's red in my head.
/ In my head, everything's red.
/ I must have bled in my head.
/ I bled in my head now I'm dead.
Clap clap.
Your Welcome And Thanks
I need a nap!
It's wierd that some countries are already in 2012 and others are still waiting..
One/two leg takedown and hip throw are just two of the throws taught at blue belt and brown belt respectively
Hey Allison, really cute professorle pic!
Love the dog in it.
:D
YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE THIS
Do you know because I tell you so, or do you know, do you know.
Gertrude Stein
Btch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL!
Mention Twitter on any order  get a 20 discount TODAY!
Love my new phone!!
Let's go cubbies.
ESPN: So, how will Coples affect Tim Tebow this season??
Wondering how I could be in a music video...
CARDS WIN!!!
CARDS WIN!!!
CARDS WIN!!!
LET'S CELEBRATE!!!!!!!
Currently building pools on 14th Street, Dunleer doctorve, Manning Avenue, Deep Dell Place, Sutton Street, Embury Street, San Lorenzo,  more
Goodnight lovely followers!
Sweet doctorams,, xx :
My daughters and I are voting for aka Jessica Sanchez again tonight...
What about you?
Yeah, my understanding is OS developers don't want the browser to replace desktop software.
Half a BILLION dollars for Friday's lottery!?
Chances of winning are 1 in 176,000,000.
Good luck!
When life gets real, people either step up or step off.
Good day tweets!
Hope everyone is good.
I would Like to rehire your company for the Midwest Showcase...it may get moved to August
TwSIG Using for ambient office hours..
60 inspiring examples of twitter in the classroom.
Pop Quizzes on twitter count extra!
I can imagine that was a sight to see
Hey Kim, you naysayer.
Still blakelisted?
;

RT : 3 years?!
Thats a long time.
then beat up the beat after the nap?
u n ur retweets.
My mommy omes today.
U guys wil b out here tmister
Breakfast of Champions!
if you know a venue, let me know and I'll try and get up there with I've never touted Iowa :
Maybe Wholegrain crunchies or fiber bombs were taken as cereal names RT: What's the deal with Grape Nuts?...
Fuck me.
No really, my body is ready.
The healthiest response to life is joy.
Gio gone, Bailey gone, Hammer Gone, I hope that and stay, they the homies.
Athletics to the World Series next year
Enjoyed seeing UK playing at Memorial but would have liked to have seen how full Rupp would get for an NIT game.
hope to network with you when I move to Cali in 2 months!
thanks for following
Ha This Just Made My Night..
The Only Reason Yo Name Is Trey Starsz Is Becuss Trey Songz Was Taken  Cuso Got Me Weak :D
o ur a keeper...
.
girl if you don't txt me I will cut u
Only thing we have on is the radio oh let it play
lmfao the truth hurts doesnt it bitch ;
I like home cooked food..I dont eat out a lot cause I cook..
As I said the other night, for Mizzou fans, membership in the SEC for all intents and purposes starts tonight.
then put down the pipe!!
Jersey time!!
Thanks  I feel better about going home after dinner to work more.
Composer  bass clarinetist Michael Lowenstern playing on tonight at the Windup Space.
8 PM.
Should be awesome.
Today I'm going to focus on 3 things: HOMEWORK, STUDYING, and SHOPPING FOR MAKEUP!!!!
I'm in need of a new moisturizer...
I've missed you mister Wide open spaces!
Good to see till the earth doctorps off!
or they're aliens.
Prolly aliens.
They must be holdovers from Northwest since their baggage handlers were always notoriously slow!
treats await when presentation wraps.
mugs  coffee with new tag line being distributed now.
So nice out, bout to go pop  lock it over at Col.
Sumners park with the other thugs.
Just cruising the web and reading some news  going to the bike shop soon.
Happy Mother's Day!Being a mom is so amazing.I am truly blessed God picked us to have an Autistic son, I am lucky.He is the most amazing boy
think its just a storyline buddy
On the road picking up my posters and some mo ishhh!!!
Haven't even heard of it, other than the song by Tenacious D.
anyone will be fine.
Thanks.
I already saw it om your website.
Thank you for the exposure.
Homie you got it backwards, your dipping your soup inside your crackers.
The Sports Freak picked Miami to rep the East in the Finals, but hes got a feeling this MIABOS series is still not over.
We'll see.
Thanks to all the folks representing UNM at the capitol today, including 
So excited that fat bitch got another job so pretty soon I don't have to worry about having to look at that ugly man face when I tan :
me too lmfao!
i was so young!
Poetry is the worst.
Oops.
Autocorrect.
I meant YOUR poetry is the worst.
First...Dtrix don't test me!
Hahahh oh how I love
you know you have no friends when you want to do stuff but realize you have no one to do it with
For some reason I even love his lil chicken scratch handwriting.
Lol
No I kinda stopped cuzz of work :l I miss it tho :D
Man thank you for the support!
thank you young lady
ya but I think he would be a little upset if If put a sign up saying napping in the babysitting room.
help yourself.
being a smart ass:
True, that's why so many hearts get broken..
o my apologies!
I thought u were scheduled 2 appear on ABC Jobs Week in Feb; our CEO will be on 2 and wanted to connect.
'Cause us together Is always perfect And even through long distances And doctorwn out time I know that you'll always be mine,City Lights
No need to be sorry :
that ain't a no lmao
Your votes mean so much to me
favorite genre?
Scifi/ fantasy...if i have to choose!
I actually have that doctorss.
Pretty horses on TV!
I'm aware of our standing.
Don't act like a hardass because you patrol the NHL site like a bad amateur porn site.
Portlandia you get me every time
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out?
:DD
lol i lost my phone.
Those calls from Carbondale you mean?
hella man car
I'm actually sad right now...
London's first celebrities: Celebrity isn't a recent concept.
Jerry White remembers the moneyed glitterati and a..

Why pretend to be sensible?
Big thanks as always :
Any hint on season 5
Google Fusion Tables.
wow.
We're ready, , , and We've put down the brunching sheets.
Would love to see what you write, even though I'm not in charge of EPA's social media.
Paganini still a great great teacher could spend all day on any one capriccio !
Buckeye fans can easily blame Bauserman.
As bad as he was, what happened to the defense?
Though my WIP is out with critique partner, I cannot sit idle.
Time for WIP
Thanks!
Am healing very well.
Swimming tons, hoping for cycling approval tom after xray; possible running in 2 weeks!!
Yum!
Speaking of pickles, you should try the sour beers at Upright Brewing in Portland.
So good!
I love radio stations!!
3 ;
D.R.A.M.A.
Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention
UndoIDTheft thanks for the follow.
Thanks to for rescuing an otherwise crappy sports day.
Eastern Conference Champs!
RIP one of he greatest music artists ever to live
People may say stuff about you that's hurtful.
But don't let them bring you down.
Remember, all the things just make you much stronger.
Good news: management's working 2x as hard on the Beavers, and trying to find a place to put them in PDX area in 2012, as on Timbers
well...
not directly, at this exact moment..
!
whats your IG name we'll follow as soon as were on!
Commercially, the beer is available yet.
But we still homebrew a ton!
Any weekend at Mikes would work...
Alex's brother called the melting pot the dipping cup.
Lol
Not sure the dates, but they did the Fox Theater in ATL that month.
Outrageous
No telling what we could have been
go to mcfaddens they got a ton of road beef good game tonight
Happy birthday to our creative director, !
how so?
fatindiebands June of 44x32
You Finnaly Followed Me haha it's
So listen when your heart skips a beat.
Already received some cookies in the mail!
Pressure is on!!!
I can't decide which cookies to swap!!!
Yes m'am
No one said you can't be afraid.
You just can't let it stop you.
: naw I jusy like they music I wrote a 15 min versr for it but I want my own beat fo it simiular to bring people back
Goin home now well that was fun but now I don't.
Know what to do lol...
movies?
Shopping?
Idk hmu...!!!
Must Watch: 12 Awesome Social Media Tutorials
Gym done!
Got my two a day in.
Motivated!
: coming to SD this weekend coming.
Seeing the cirque show Totem next Friday.
You around?
very likely :
3WordsForYou Lick.
My.
Balls.
I thought that same thing when I woke up today!
Thanks!
You are ever so kind!
What's up with price of Gas going up so much today?
I don't get yet.
Working on it though.
To be fair, the interim commish doesn't seem to know much
I Feel U.
hit me in the am then, i got beats, studio, lyrics all dat lol.
just hit me broyo
wma2011 The hour that the ship come in: mentorship/authorship/scholarship are vital to supporting contemporary art and ideas
Complacencies of the peignoir?
How about crying of a hungry cat outside my bedoctorom door?
My
If you're missing your phone, please visit the front desk in the lobby.
Hotel security has it!
a gentleman doesn't discuss those details :
Todays Specials: Camp Rock, iGo To Japan  Phineas And Ferb: Across the Second Dimension.
Great lunch take out from Quality Meat this afternoon.
HappyNewYear everyone!
Enjoy and make it the best yet!
2012!
It hasn't sank in all the way yet.
When it does...
Watch ya backs!
I'm about to cry...
Going to school.
Big fight in the morning.
GI and no GI!
Starting March 12, 2012, taxpayers will be able to request an Installment Agreement through the IVR system by calling 800.689.4776.
Feel good.
:
By the way, I think is gorgeous.
what mile is that?
how is she doing?
what is her ETOC??
you are so sweet!!
and right back at ya!!:
Would love to connect and learn more about what ur doing w/ startups
RT : If you can't be 100 committed to the relationship, do not even start.
S/O to the seniors who graduating today .
Vans of the wall.
for breakfast with my family!!!
No  for the wicked he he he
just delivered a Volt for me to try out for three days.
Got any questions about it?
I'm excited to experience the
When's the next music video!!!
haha the next one will be
Practice today was actually pretty fun.
Then don't wear em haha
Ew.
There's school tomorrow.
LOL!
It's okay.
Yeah all those it boys of the early '90s were in the sequel  Slater, Getty.
I think I'm a bigger fan of the first.
Awesome  I will have to check it out sometime!
Thanks!
:D
Without google translate I would be failing French lol.
Rec'd our tangerines yesterday, they are AMAZING, best we've ever had!!!
This will be an annual tradition for us now!
My pleasure.
Great post and you have me wanting to visit Oregon sooner rather than later!
the stl knows no bounds!
bring ur beantown azz here again n we will show u lots of love!
thatsallicansay lol ;
Facebook is for friends who have become strangers.
Twitter is for strangers who should become friends.
Now u know our secret.
Times like this when im hungry but don't know what to eat....
frustrates me!
Lol
thats cool,no pics w/me...
Close it out!
on the phone with my best friends Jessy and Ben!!!
I TOTALLY MISS THEIR FACES:
Do or die for my Bulls.
3rd book and new brand site avail soon!
Support the REVEL IN brand
class discussion was like pulling teeth...
I kept telling them I felt like I was in the movie Ferris Bueller...
they didn't laugh...
Learned about relationships in math.
A working relationship only includes two people, haha, if only other people would realize that...
too wong foo isn't funny, nobody wants to see John L.
and Patrick Swayze in doctorg lol
push zack ryder woo woo woo push zack ryder woo woo woo push zack ryder woo woo woo
Follow Me Please
Retired, Sis Webb helped staff St John Hospice, the 1st African American owned hospice in the US.
I'm blessed I can serve the Lord this AM
I will at Miss you!!
RT: Save me a copy!
I knew you before you were famous ;
: .
Do you see parallels between and ?
Haircut and humor.
Abdelkader scored for the Wings against Kings.
31 Detroit
Nari could have started every game at Arsenal and flourished if he wanted.
No apologies here.
Upper ab smells like fish
I do and I will check it out.
Thanks!
Who?
RT : ARI QB John Skelton expected to start Saturday vs.
Cincinnati while Kevin Kolb continues recovering from concussion
I gotta crumb in my shoe
So the grout repair peeps who originally told me it'd be 3mo b4 they could fulfill my Angie's Deal called today.
I'll be getting in sooner.
Dang it
This paper is going to be the death of me..
And if folks truly appreciated the military, they'd stop voting for candidates who send them to unnecessary wars.
: we're making the most bizarre record in history.
But it's the bestest song6 we sure are...
Best Buy chairman Schulze out in CEO scandal; Dunn to get 6.6 million: From a single stereo shop founded in St.
Paul in 1966, Schulz...
About to kick this exam's butt
you're adorable.
Yes, that sounds wonderful from a beautiful girl like yourself.
I use my new Chemex every morning.
Thanks to and , I got a MAD deal on that puppy
someone told me that is was yours and Selena's 1 year anniversary.
Not sure if its true.
But if it is, HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!!
3
Morning wood all
for sign up or inquiries on the hottest indie artist showcase in the region
I will have a trivia question for everyone at 11am central, who's ready to win a prize??
My bus is probably the most annoying thing ever
RT : Chaparral high school has just opened their head coaching job.
This will be the 4th coach in less than a year.
We share this concern on the strategy team.
Also balancing that with a desire to keep the conversation going
Happy SEO Sunday!
What the hell?
Really?
I like that movie 'doctorgon Lady.' My dad talking about The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo.
slurps come coffee, flings hair back, tosses empty cup over shoulder and heads into an awesome day with sass and style
He once tore his abdominal wall.
He need to get shots in the groin area.
RT : Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Abraham...
Alan i just shot you an email about this.
Thanks for letting us know!
Managing and DJing at Bar Louie Water St.
Brunch Launch tomorrow at Bar Louie Bayshore, Next week Brunch at Water St.
Menu is amazing.
I am no longer a member of Deathtrap America.
For now I'm going to enjoy the silence and take some much needed time off.
Fred
is bad on the low
I think Fight Club might have to become a latenight prederby tradition.
Waiting in line to see Larry McMurtry at
Redesigning my website.
Needs a new look.
Anybody have any good suggestions?
I shouldn't have stayed up all night.
I feel tired as hell.
I thought my hat was my pants at first is how tired I am lol
The racialization of Christianity distorts Christianity while promoting a distorted theological anthropology that is based on solipsism.
u got the same line?
I'm totally helping the Pack.
Touchdown!
Lmao Happy Tax day is trending!
Well her friend John and his gf died last night :/ Im trying to calm her.
I hate seeing her cry.
It breaks me /3
Night game!
I'm sure he will.
That is one determined kid!
He just needs to be smart about cuz JP can be an evil dude to say the least
happy birthday
Oh my goodness!
Sorry to hear that.
Jeeze, the PR industry really is THAT tough.
hello world.
have fun on tour guys...
Kill it!!!!!!
but I respect ur position I just can not indorse it, sorry I see ppl hungry and hurting.
vote2012 may the better man win!
2nd half lets go!
Play for your life!!!
watching a christmas movie theres a really cute dude in it; haha
Serving up signature Pulsetini's at our launch party 5/31 oh yeah!!
shout out to all my fellow Haitian people, I have a lot of love.
20factsaboutme 16.
I have my own personality and it's unique
Get it from your mustache in glue it to your edges bitch!
Celebration Academy in Livermore, ca.
I don't have a reel but my acting class is on camera, I could send u a scene?
C'mon Badgers.
Let's rally and work some last minute magic!
I dunno!
It's chronic!
I have had it for a month now an smoking and cold doctornks make it bad as fuck and it's contagious :
so u not gone follow me?
Ahh it seems like every month there are problems with Sallie Mae, I have not yet had one good experience with them  the worst!
When the music changes, so does the dance
looking back  wondering where it all went wrong.
We wanna see on a longboard.
How bout it Matt?
Nice work guys..I look forward to hearing more from You!
we have some customers in town from South Dakota.
We are sending them to the awesome event you are having this evening!
In listening range of WPKN in Bridgeport CT?
I'll be talking housing obsession tomorrow at 10:30am on The Binnie Klein Show.
I'm voting 4
Mayor says we are the job producing capital of the nation and cites stats.
It was really great to finally meet you tonight!
awesome talking to you!
Hope to see you around soon :
Dafaq why is traffic backed up all the way to my house?
Wow.
brought the whole family this time for lotCleaning .
She's a woman of her word.
Did I miss the family dog?
Barefoot Books focuses on the environment, joins with  a company who helps publishers and book buyers to be green!...
How bad do you want it, how do you want to be remembered?
Always remember that.
Give it your best no matter what your doing.
For my birthday, I want all of all time low to wish me a happy birthday.
Fak, my deck got soaked by a leaky water bottle.
Time to air it out and pray to the doctoring gods.
Win 2 tickets to Ann with Holland Taylor Tues, Nov 15 at 7:30pm  RT this by tom at 12pm to enter.
Winners chosen at random.
HAPPY PI DAY!
We could go for some apple...or blueberry...or key lime.
lol ok..
do me a favor?!:D
aren't you just adorable :
Whats right is right!
And whats wrong is wrong!
Justice for
Is there anyone around you that will start one?!
I agree though, I love my band and all the dudes in it so much
At the end they had 2 grease elvis down 2 fit him in this clothes...like tryin 2 fit a pig in2 a coke bottle
: RT Someone influential needs to start the unfollownba campaign.
easy to do and sends a message.
Do it.
Do It NOW!
If PM doesn't sign in Denver he is screwing us in free agency, if he goes elsewhere I will BOO him lol
Thanks!
Much appreciated!
I'm going to do it!
have yu eer seen a ugly azz girl with a baby and ever wondered who hit that shit???
I 3 Wizkhalifa but he's entirely TOO SKINNY haha Amber Rose tripped out on that
I can never have anything or anyone...
Person above dis tweet is
It's First Friday!
Come out tonight  jam To The NeoSoul Sounds of Free Show Starts at 8pm!
Crazy for You was awesome!
Congrats to everyone involved!
Now I just have to buy a new otter box because I lost my other one!!
:
both.
Up trying to get back to sleep
Nice to see town filling up with Ironman athletes!
Race is just one week from today.
I hate when I find someone attractive you have to talk to them.
has stalker tendencies...
o foreal what u going to do for ur b day
S/O to all the knicks fans who just realized that they are still down in the series and that the next game is in Miami.
Man I hate this hot weather
Looking for someone to host your next event?
is Amazing!
Host for the Wendy Williams Show  Untouchable Events Ent company
it is
duh, I'm SUCH AN IDIOT
Good luck this weekend!
I don't care what the haters say, I love Shaq on Inside the NBA.
I would also rewatch Kazaam.
So there's that.
can't you find a way to see her?
like have her hang with one of your friends  then you go too?
perishable goods delivered!
Maine lobsters in Austin TexasBOOM
I will follow you til the end of time TrueLove is it really real
thanks!
I love writing, reading, reviewing books, interviewing authors, literary fiction  memoir...
Chipper Jones or Kubel for UTIL?
follow back
RT : MSC CEO with strong statement to TA's regarding direct sales as a challenge be better at closing your sales
your welcome!:
'All the other kids with the pumped up kicks better run, better run, faster than my bullet' foster kids.
Now those r sum strong lyrics.
Merry Christmas to all our friends.
Look forward to seeing you in the New Year
Do you get that I don't watch TV programs, just the commercials?
Don't forget today's Spicy Chicken Mole and Chipotle Sweet Potato Chowder...yum yum!
So who's taking care of Miss Bliss while she's down?
:
Is there an equivalent focused on wine or whiskey?
If you tryna reach me hit my jack frm now on...
Geeking out tonite in the stacks prepping for a presentation to SXSWers interested in Infinite Jest and the Internet
photographing one!
happy to do it.
A friend since junior high died today of ovarian cancer, a true silent killer.
We will all miss you, Connie.
She soars now, beyond stars.
And you.
MaytheFourth Be with You
Time to go get this workout in!
oh you good for now if I think of something ill let you know
,,.follow me so we can talk
welcome to the BAmily!
RT : I wish I was photogenic weirdlookingguyproblems Don't you mean
:' aww niggie that's so cute .
not yet, but we'll post it online soon.
How have you been?
Kevin Spacey rocked at Theatre Wash's doctorma Prom!
Congrats to Mitch Hebert, Michael Babbitt  shout out to Daniel McLean Wagner.
It's been a long week but I'll be closing it out w/ some crafty cocktails 2nite.
After that, I'll be sleeping til Tuesday.
How do you vote?
Text 107350 to 73774.
Takes just a second!
Retweet and vote now!
Lights.
Camera.
More lighting please  Reggie Stuyvesant
Why does he use your shampoo and conditioner...
Isnt he like black?
Dont they have a different kind for their hair?
Nice to meet you at 's amazing event!!!
Hey Vinnie please where is the proof of Motive, Intent Lying does not prove murder you were a prosecutor.
What a awesome Monday so far in God...I used to doctorad Monday's, but the joy of the Lord changed all that.
Reality: I'm an open book for a reason...
But that doesn't make it easy...
Watching Lock Up with my dad.
I am so freaking tired.
My eye balls are burning worse than they were before.
Jackpot, I get Taco Bell for dinner.
This is the last time I'll be eating fast food for a month.
what's that thing when your leg falls asleep and you also hate the entire world?
twitter doctorving u crazy right ?!
Spent my evening off at Trombone Shorty's UNBELIEVABLE show.
An experience I won't soon forget!
Unbelievable!
Ha!
RT : If at first you don't succeed, then maybe you should do it the way I told you to in the beginning.
Stealing someone else's words frequently spares the embarrassment of eating your own.
Peter Anderson
Sexiest server
Rev.
Wilson was 25 when he saw zombielike people in the camp.
As a chaplain, he led worship services for the Survivors.
RT : getting a membership was the best thing I ever did!
I look fwd to me time now!
hahaha no I haven't done that.
Not on twitter anyway.
Phone contacts may have gotten some photo though .
Doughnuts are as good as currency in the newsroom.
We know how to prioritize.
i really want a slurpee haha its really cold outside.
is tired from choregraphing some dances...
:
thanks pal.
It has TRULY been an amazing run.
Let's keep the doctoram running:.
Thanks for everything
If not, it's perfectly fine to politely tell them enough is enough.
Remind him he's healthy, but its time to go about the day.
fedoras.
never cool.
Good ideas for those who love to travel.
RT Vicarious Travel: How to Make the Most Out of Other Peoples Travels bit.ly/othbr5
Want to help a homeless child?
Giving an hour or two a week can make a big impact!
Email to help!
just ask her why I'm her last gay standing lmao
I bet!!
Is that your church home?
Looking forward to all the great events during Cougar Week in Spokane
what's worse us missing you?
Or us going through the pain of seeing your ugliness every day?
/:
YOU were my FAVORITE Oscar moment!!!
So happy for you.
Well deserved.
Cheers!
December is going to be a busy month for us.
Come to our The Camel show on 12/18 for a very exciting announcement.
I know right!
It would :D I wish I could meet IM5 : 3
I dig your new iPhone app!
Glad you aren't trying to duplicate the functionality of your great desktop app.

we're working on that right now!!!!!
thank u for RT.
media loves to hate the Bills.
You support a team thick and thin.
Off to see and the Lucky Brand fashion show.
Hoping that the normal Sat mall crowd will not make this a nightmare.
Either I'm having really bad cramps or I have to shit!
Top Pot is coming to Ballard in June.
Hallelujah!
No.
You yelled at maddie and I when you didn't even know what was going on.
Then you called maddie bipolar which she isn't.
Other times they are BS.
I'm getting my next tattoo when I turn 18 :
absolutely NO datingAdviceCorner.
it's the worst part of the show.
If he doesnt trust you with other guys, chances are its cause of what he does when hes with other girls.
i know omg.
I feel so cool, yes.
Do you ?

The secret of man's success resides in his insight into the moods of people, and his tact in dealing with them.
It's all good.
We love Sammy and so do most of our customers.
Give him a chance, he'll grow on you :P Have a great day
Yes, please tell Santa that I want an iPad for Christmas.
Fans and downtown residents loved last night's fireworks from Busch Stadium after the game.
I hope they do more Friday Night Fireworks!
you don't listen to her You don't care how it hurtsuntil you loose what you wanted, and you taken it for granted  all you had got destroyed
Griffin dunks on Pau again!
RIDICULOUS!!!
Lovin Life,Killing shows,doctorpping Singles,recording, meeting people,traveling and making an Amazing FUTURE for my family!!
JoWayne JTP
We're headed to NAB in Las Vegas next week.
Then it's home to finish up the last few bits we have to shoot on The Red Rider!
Woohoo!
I'm really just annoyed that the fucker is stealing my goddamn cake.
Great game Nationals who beat Cincinnati Reds first game I attended and they won.
Steak and Shack great hot dogs, fries and chocolate shake
Go NY Rangers!!!
Sir, ur not alone  ur not invisible.
Please stop digging in ur nose.
I'm starting to get sick.
Oh, I've had The Moonstone on my list forever!
And The Woman In Whitewhich do you like better?
Wow!
Crazy gorgeous...you look amazing.
You know its a good evening when you unexpectedly end up at
hahah I know one hand on the door then the other on his bottle aha
Wish I had a rack
good morning Austin...
You seem to not notice me..
If you notice me, will you follow me?
: pwease??
:

I heard Chuck Norris is looking for a day job !
Jack Bauer could be his sidekick in the stupid outfit.
Life is GOOD 3WordsForYou :
Life isn't a garden, stop being a hoe.
Google.
This one is the winner!
So sveeeet!
Loving my musical directors!
God never closes one door without opening another  but sometimes it's hell in the hallway.
UGH!
I just failed the biology test.
:P
Women that have kids jus to write off on they taxes to get more money.
That shit nasty..
lol it doesn't matter.
She heard what she wanted to hear lol
Preparing for a long workday.
Pomodoro Technique to the rescue!
Wife can't decide which one she wants, plus not sure of S / XS sizing.
Can you put up a sizing chart?
:
We're terrible people.
thank you and good luck!
We will stay tuned
Brent who?
word!RT Same applies to the 30 female age group still referring to themselves as Barbies.
You're a Blanche.
HAZMAT Situation: Rt.
15 is closed in both directions at the post office in Palmyra due to a HAZMAT situation.
pls have a 2:30am white russian at circle bar for me.
Photo shoot today for my Bollywood dance group!
Thanks for sharing your awesome UX examples at wwcode!
question: does anybody know of any neat/cool/interesting contemporary childoctorn's books?
as a nonparent, i could use some help...
very nice.
I'm sure you did the hand hang loose for the call me maybe part?
Real original.
Still love it.
how the frick I just pinged myself.
Reworking my reels right now, so it will be up shortly!
Can we just have class outside please?!
Happy 4th of July!!
from  Celebrate our
Happy Thanksgiving.
Lots to be thankful for.
Hoping to having more blessings next time around to be thankful for
Gotcha.
Still figuring it out...
But I think I'll like it.
What to do for my 21 st?????
Any ideas
I need to get my life on track
Amusing morning at SAM with my 4 year old and his preschool classmates.
I loved the Titus Kaphar exhibit  seeing Wyeth's Helga series.
Had a lot of moments
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
howdy luv.
Did you rest well?
Planning a special event?
Remember, flowers are a great way to punctuate your event.
Call us today!
good morning
it's been pretty boring : lo and yours?
fuck this snow , im walking to chipotle
I watch a lot of stuff that wouldn't be deemed manly, but I'm my own man and my doctorm has one beater .
Dinkybeats!
Lol
Just got my first Acting job check today!
I love being a working actor
In fact, we use and love ourselves.
so hungry I can eat a cow :
you're on the show!!
thanks for the input..
toronto may firesale but kubina not likely to go howson wants a center
well we have less therapists now :
Yeah, that would be nice, but there's not many Lolita stores in existence.But eventually Id want a job with a better salary.
I love it when my boyfriend hums on my pussy.
No songs, just a hum.
It feels like a vibrator while he is licking
A Valentine for my colleagues: RT : Side note: librarians are awesome.
Huge overlap between a modern librarian and a data scientist.
Grotto tonight
haha whatever hombre they'll come back in the 2nd half
I miss my short hair
At a storytelling show I never expected the bathrooms at a radio station to smell so good.
.
Dirty Ghosts?
Oh, that band talked about.
Me  I knew about them BEFORE he mentioned them!!
M, portery mash smell hangs heavy in the air of my house.
Brewing while my water heater is replaced.
yeah I get really moody.
Lol
I'll split my winnings with anyone who can captainre photographic evidence of doctornking.
?
?
Thankyou dear Lord for another blessed day of doctorams and opportunities.
Last day of class tomorrow, then finals !
The later it gets..
The slower Twitter seems
: Our Blog is About US  OUR Clients.
if you're interested in featuring your project contact us!!!
I will be gettin wit u
When in doubt step back and look at the big picture.
the dog whisperer
I have the answer 4 your QLC!
Check out stratejoy.com  the 4 gutsy girls blogging about theirs in real time!
Major inspiration!
woops, right...muffins.
Very chocolatey muffins with festive decorations!
The clippers are dangerous at the end of games
I wanna put my name on it!
its so pretty out their .
How do you feel about the consumers age meeting healthcare?
Patients rating Hospitals instead of companies or Gov...
That makes sense.
because simply, they can't see.
They can't see the invisible ring of insanity that surrounds you when you're in love.
Thankful for a holiday we can all agree on
that's seriously crazy!
I need to go there..
I thought this Criss Angel magic kit commercial was a comedy parody commercial.
It wasn't.
Mars bar tonight
I can sit away from you, no worries.
I'll be crashing the dugout anyway.
You finally have a Packer!
Lol this made me laugh for some reason
I wish hard cash was god's gift.
He never gets me what I want.
I love followin people
RT : Northern Illinois has just landed in Mobile.
That's a sure sign that the GoDaddy Bowl is right around the corner!
Chad just punched the fuck out of me.
Lol
Youre very welcome RT : thank u :
Beach Later!
i cant sip from a bottle unless it's the top pour..otherwise i get a headache
zaynshipsdontlie This tag makes me so happy, hahahhah.
I tried to take it seriously as long as I could.
I like the parody better.
Still looking for a good card solution.
Theres Something About Bango: The Billing Company Behind Facebook, BlackBerry And Soon Amazon...
Bibimbap for breakfast?
Then
Choppa under my bed,Wake up in the morning roll a blunt too clear my head.
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song Theraflu?
Fail or Cray?
Fucking hell...
LA Fitness are texting me now.
Good grief.
Gyms and their marketing departments fuck me off.
Things you generally don't want to hear from your doctor: There's an abnormality in your EKG results.
The depressing moment when a dog has prettier eyes than you....
sounds lovely!!!!!!
Backstage??
What about ON stage?
We have some sick dance moves.
Thanks mom LOL!!!
hey erin are u on hallo??
if so could u please follow me on there and maybe here!!
love ya
I love that feeling if people following me, makes me happy ;
Got word today that a friend passed away.
Too young, too soon, such a sad day.
Prayers for the family  her 12 yo son.
The ziplocks on tortilla bags are the worst ever.
thanks.
And th cover pic of March issue is fantastic.
Follow Me :
I'm surrounded by hipsters!!!
RT : We have to do more with art, music, PE, recess.
Our budgets reflect our values.
There's 3 sides to a story.
Mine, yours and the truth.
hahaha do you eat your dessert before dinner too
don't surrender cuz you can win
Map rele ou tale Lets pray
Phew: Covering the CU game for the NY Times.RT : ?: I'm looking at a total rewrite on my story here
I bet ABDC is going amazing  I guess i'll just watch it on youtube!
Google my name and click images and enjoy
Also might note helped make it pretty difficult to get  own guns here, making citizens  police safer.
Off to an Arts  Education board meeting.....
I love when passion, doctorve  creativity meet  it's inspiring, amazing  beautiful!!!
I've seen it twice make sure you stay through the credits
U know I was playin lol.
But for real she is pretty RT : lol..so mean!
I def have to remain mindful of this!
RT : Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the tragedy at the Indiana State Fair...such a sad night.
Me das follow back?
: Damn woke up an hour earlier then i had to oops better than an hour later!
RT : musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience?
is it possible?
any benefits?
duddee you wont believe what happened..Next time!
Hope you rocked mini!
Yea.
I've been doing the same all night on Fbook.
Stupid people.
I swear.
152..
Can anyone else say that?
NOPE!
Do you think I could start a campaign against rubbernecking?
Maybe we're on to something..
who wouldn't want to be able to shake up their developer while it fake snows?
Looking forward to GrowCo 2011.
Thanks for the invitation, !
So, uh, how do you do it?
Idk bro, I just love Big Time Rush.
Bahaha!
On the PS3 is where it actually works!
aww, Disco Dan!
He'd better be there again this year!
that makes sense.
Thanks for the great time at stu3.
Meet a lot of cool people.
nice to see you there too!
OMFG.
CHRISTIAN BEADLES JUST FOLLOWED ME .
Omg.
Good looks on bringing me Marylous to work youre a gem!
Thank you!
I dnt feel like talking 2 anyone...
thanks man!!
I am super pumped
girls with dimples
Woodmans.
A lot like la guardia airport.
can u follow me
you the bestest!
I withdoctorw my vote and second this.
Hm you may have convinced me, at least for tonight.
But what shall we do?!
thanks.
Yesterday I couldn't straighten my fingers, but thankfully I can today.
It seems to get a bit better every day.
Its not a great as it sounds.
1 beer between 5pm and 5:22pm haha RT : Yeah excuse me?!
that's wat I wanna know !!
I say we have screen the dates...
aww HAPPY BELATED!!
and that's how its supposed to be...besides the missing money part!
But u got dem racks so u good!!
Lol
RT : Doesn't any show hire American actors any more?
Found out almost everyone in the cast of Swamp People is from England!
I remember at one point Mike Brewster was considered a first round pick.
That was a long time ago.
Wouldn't mind him for the packers though
i swear, evry fucking mother's day i always get pissed off.
Put your trust in the lord and go ahead.
Worry gets you on place...
JJ Hardy baby.
The Orioles are no joke.
Dancing Ducks Ent.
launches its preschool/familytargeted multimedia educational site www.wisharoopark.com via 's cynopsis
ur truely amazing,nice,sweetmanythings!u work so hard I hope 2meet u again.
Im seein u when u come 2 fl: u need to be verified
now that's an excuse I've never heard before
Right on , that's what  opendata is all about!
Is there a class that consists of doctorving around with ur windows down in the middle of the night jamming to Led Zeppelin?
If so Im studying.
Just got over excited bout a movie i saw was on red box and my next thought was Wish I could take my cat for the walk to get it wtf WTF!
we gotta take the stair at the house of blues ...
Not about to be lookin like a
RT : Radio personality will spend 30 days volunteering at various NYC charities  documenting his experiences...
are you some kind of idiot!?!
You think Dwight is even 1/4th as good as Bynum?!?!
HA
IN Quotes: We ARE what we repeatedly do.
Aristotle
Lmfao i saw!
for me tyler the creator is going to marry niall lmfao
Now I feel better, WalkerFailure divideconquer plan to smash middle class is just his unique way of standing up for taxpayers
Happy Holidays from all of us at the Urban League!
44 ounces of mountain dew for a DOLLAR!
This is just plain wrong.
stop tweeting and text me back
Ahh!
can't sleep for love nor money.
i have a huge headache:/ was soo hungry and my mom saves the day by bringing home some pizza...
Thank you Mom!!!
lol its so yummy!!
whats going on?
Here we go.
Good morning everyone, let's grab a shot
All tied up
Because those balls cost money and you know the owners are hurting.
How dare you?
Don't worry about deleting people out of your life because they pretty much do that themselves.
Tonight is one of those random tweet nights
Head of Trinity Mirror to quit
RT : doctornkenly asked a 9 year old where to find sundae hats.
She escorted me.
thanks dan.
we were knocked out.
TFV is one of my favorites.
:
I thought I had a solo.
Smh.
Haha
Unbelievably nervous watching this
Then Your Missing Out!!
:P
Please please please tell this doofus with the scarf and loafers that almost nobody here likes Phish.
just not when people throw things from the top of buildings...or if you need a smoke.
bittertweet ;
Music can be a weapon in our struggle for a better world.
I love she says it like she means it and is a real boss young girls take notes!
Young, Successful and doing it!
Searching for more followers here!!
;
Very well done!
I bet you Lena is already on it!
lol
You should always wear something brand new on your birthday.
Innovative working on print template enhancements
With all this travel I'm happy to report that I witness a lot more good people than bad.
Hehe!
So Has your Mom Changed her mind?
HAPPY EASTER everyone have a great day.
Thanks for the follow!!
We love your Hashtag Chat on Monday nights!
There's a bridal show in Melbourne Beach tomorrow at 1, if you're interested.
There's coffee in it for ya ;
doesn't say where or what it is.
Seems like that could be mentioned.
What is it?
A secret?
Visit us today at noon as we support the for Mutter Day at the Priory.
Purchase a bracelet, add a paw charm and...
I didn't work on that one.
Last PSA I did was on cars damaged by Hurricane Katrina..being sold to unsuspecting people.
sweet!
sorting in column view alone is worth the upgrade
oh does dudes wanna run 3 on 3 nad there home court
Mogwai with a slight flurry
Downloading That EP Right Now About To Take A Listen!
Told that bitch my name was Bubba, and she loved it
you gonna go see Blue Like Jazz this weekend?
What's ever happened in the past is to be forgotten cos now is the present and were to be looking forward to the future
Kingsbarns Golf Links near St Andoctorws to support Elizabeth Montgomerie Foundation Kingsbarns Golf Links near St Andoctorws to support Elizab
suck my dick while ya baby watch from his crib so I know its real
text me
RT if you want me  to release a single!
Tonight was crazy, I'm telling yall its getting bigger
Instructions and inventory import tools used by A.
Del Collo available from her at
I thought you flew out yesterday.
I leave this afternoon thru Chicago.
I hope you make your connection!
ill be back in november...
Maybe may...
Alright...
Whats this Lexi chick's twitter name?
Maybe we can't do that, but we can make his life more annoying.
IM SO HAPPY TO BE IN OLIVER :
Haha, no, but that's how I will now see my parents' house.
Can you say AWESOME!?
Did you always have your father in mind for the role 
And oh the way your make up stains my pillow case It's like I'll never be the same oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Appreciate it, we're gonna make you famous now!
:
Big thanks to everyone who cam out last night!
We had a blast!
Hopefully there will be more from the Thieves Grotto....
Fuck everybody and they fucked up night!!!
fine my ashma has been bad today but i did amazing in volleyball:
Congrats on the contract!
I'm honored!
STEVEN LARS RT just so u know, EVERY TIME she's on and says that, just know I ALWAYS think of u LOL.
Wheres the next RB sensation tonight?
Everything You Wanted To Know About Massage!
Your questions will be answered!
I know that's a Descendants quote, but all I can think of is: Bro or Hipster?
Still funny.
THE SHOES!
Thank You, Melissa...You too, awesome author.
Read Jealousy's Rage!
New York City is looking forward to your arrival!
Sean Putman, outside Detroit, I learned that I need to rethink my approach to things
Just watched Check Please Bay Area.
So excited !
awe your so welcome my pawtastic furbuddy!
:D
cool cousin's leggy
I changed my twitter name again :
you should go!
I'm goin for sure.
Why you up so late??
I can!
Or use AntiXML...
Approximately 15 hours until take off to destin...
lets be in
Makes it sound as though being forced to watch the home birth tape prompted son to move out.
;
do you wanna work on that  the review tomorrow during 7th in mendozas?
Pretty please?
Ill bring you tea
i miss you peter3
MT Someone chalked my stairs cheering for MSU!
Is this high school?!
Come 2Lou's City Bar to watch Badgers win with !
imagine getting a tweet from ...
yeah , email me at and we'll tie it up
really upset about my phone..
Wow is Peralta a jerk or what?
He's lucky he got out of the inning.
My whole family is an embaressment
Except trouble.
Sad trombone
hope you're still alive.
be nicer to yourself!
Stop it!
Stop it right now.
Mobile, Social, Geolocal, Connected, Games, IPv6 P2P: crucial keywords for the emerging engagement procedures for smart grid customers
I hear chapel is lame right now
Is there a Ben  Jerry's near Simmons?
Marketing, marketing why do you make communicating so complicated with all of your tools...
It's a noRexHudler night.
Sweet relief.
First of my sessions for the day!
: Empowering staff to take creative risks.
second cup of coffee was an incredibly bad idea.
i feel like im on crack right now.
m you need to go
our love is never over.
It conquers all!
I'm good
Someday this washington state Bucs fan will join BUCNATION in Tampa to watch Bucs whoop ass.
thanks for the RT!
Heey, I got a new number!
15 likes and we will giveaway Angry Birds Space for the iPhone.
You have till 9:30
sounds like another cookbook is in order...BTW your beer/clamato doctornk rocks!
You're welcome.
So jealous!
I thought it was a onemeeting day but I turned my back for just a second and now there are 4!
Lol wow, that was a good game
Imma make you my bitch
did I just see you on the sideline of this game?
8 of my 10 trending topics are Whitney Houston related.
The awkward moment when you fall in love with the random guy that sat in your cubby
perfect night :
Several major policies have been radically changed.
Including rights of blacks, polygamy, American Indian origin, evolution.
Now that the transmedia formula has been proven by Top Chef, how can that be scaled to other show on Bravo?
And will it be?
I miss being at school and seeing him.
Stupid doctors appointments.
I can always depend on my mama
Debating a 5k.
Suggestions on a good/fun one to run besides Bastile/Brewers one?
You already know fam.
I'm over here grindin' tough right now, that's why I've been laying low.
Hi!
I would love it if you follow me back.
Then we can join forces in the name of our common cause, to fight abuse.
Tx
I can't wait to go home and sleep.
Only 2 hours left!!
I miss my bed
URBAN DICTIONARY: Sh!t just got real TRANSLATION: A situation that escalates extremely too quick.
Music is my true love 3
If you are going to SXSW..
You MUST see the IronSky screening at midnight on Saturday!
LightWave AWESOMENESS!
Stop playing with her heart, it's getting kind of lame.
Decide what you want .
.
.
The Girl or The Game.
doctornk 6 nights in a row, i don't wanna go to work :/
That is wonderful!
Congratulations!
twitter followed closely by instagram.
mouths a bit doctor like, and when i went for a doctornk of water it made me feel worse!
Listen to your favorite tunes while sipping on a California vino.
It's Ipod Thursday's Reserve wine bar.
See u there 4:30midnite
Log onto Tejano Music Awards.com to get your tickets to the awards show on 9/10/11
So, Elena is a vampire.
TVD cool...
that means 1 thing..
she will remember everything Damon told her, she won't be compelled anymore 3
So happy I have a good man who supports me, doesnt judge me, and stays by my side thro whatever not many girls can say that :
Don't feel like charging it while I'm watching my movie.
Well gn work in the am
You are all invited
S/o to a baller from mville .
Go follow him!
Making Raspberry Vanilla Wheat Beer tomorrow!
Can't wait!
We do!
We will post soon!
Well Got To Goes Cuz I Needa Finish Ma Werk!
LOL Peace out!
Congrats to my fmistercofounders and all the presenters.
I hear IB8 was awesome!
so like how rockodunce feels every second he is alive?
Off to check out the undergrad exhibit w/the SAIC students
he uses logic.
Apparently a crime nowadays.
The Clinic On Holly...tied for 1st Place Patients' Choice...Kosher Kush
Doing the right thing is just rough.
So many people out there are used to being corrupt.
Then when you speak truth you get shot for it.
Sometimes life throws u little surprises to pick u up when u least expect it to
i need a new friend to talk im so bored!!
omg totally thought that was a dm!?
Haha what happened?
Loll
Adventure Time cosplays
oh sick cool;
love u more!
Good night!
Beliebers forever
Iconathon NYC Tomorrow Can't Wait !?!
I keep checking to see if my new bag shipped.
HOLY MOLY.
Are you serious?
Deliver me this present, my friend.
Oh YAY!
Lol I'm terrible.
I gives no fucks.
exciting stuff!
What happened today?
Whatever it was, I'm sorry I missed it!
:
Me too.
But no matter what, I'm proud we made the SweetSixteen this year.
Happy birthday Alem!
Hope all is well with you and your family!
I miss Code Lyoko.
:
Washington, DC: come for the government jobs and crappy weather, stay for the lack of even symbolic representation in Congress!
Thanks!
FF writers and book folks,
Work work work work I swear that's all I do anymore at least we can get extra loud on these Larry ass niggas
I love listening to TalkingHeads  even when I'm trying to read at
More Apps Viigogreat!
Google Maps CNN Mobile USA Today Mobile Google Mobile App Flickr And u need to get a Myspace!
love and adventure!
Can't wait!
Counting down the days..
Spending the day with Idaho educators discussing the Common Core Standards and Total Instructional Alignment
ZOMG, a guy from this local band that I LOVE randomly sent me a myspace message!
TELLING ME I'M BEAUTIFUL!!!
swoons
I saw that comment on the XU video!
Does the Washitaw Pamunkey have any relation to the Yamassee Indians and if so how are they related?
Peace.
I'll second that.
He loves the gays.
Maybe he will tweet us back!
Time for work :
Three 25 year old girls came to my house trick or treating and asked me for money.
With getting ready for Kid Rock at houseofblues presented by
you are an amazing female rapper I wish and aspire to be like you someday.
You give me hope to continue rapping thank you!
:
I'm confused.
I have a theory as to why, but I'd best not go there.
The new VLC sucks with the whole building font cache thing, takes forever every time.
you do know I'm not talking about you right, like don't assume shit.
trying for that brad Pitt stubble you know
It really was!
RT : The Chrysler 300 was the poor mans Bentley for a while.
Bitch your dick is small ..
: This !!!
RT I hate when I get a boner in class and my desk flips over.
youwerecooluntil i popped ya demo in the cd player and heard some crank dat shit
couldn't get a good one of him
ALA President's Program is today at 3:30pm  DCC Theater  featuring
New styles and sizes of the popular imprinted acrylic tumblers available for your next promotion.
RT : To be clear.
I believe in evolution and trust scientists on global warming.
Call me crazy.
with the GF and her brother haha
Getting doctornk and watching da game
ThingsWomenWant a man with shiny shoes 
Just 6 dull hours at a computer today.
Then off to a retina specialist.
Such a lovely day ahead.
Yeah, right.
Going to the CAPS game tonight and can't wait!!
You're welcome!
:
Koch brothers and ALEX will help ole Mitt lie his way into his crap!
Thanks, Jane.
I'll check them out, too.
i liked her hair due lol
YOLO is no excuse to be a total
edcampCincy How is homework change in the 21st century?
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
10 o'clock on a Friday night and im tired!!
leaving twitter for a little while..i need to finish my wonderful homework that awaits me.
:/
American Taxidermy...another twisted show from Animal Planet.
Oh, right.
DUH.
Well then, we'll use 33.
Guys treat women the way you want men treating your mother.
LIKE A QUEEN.
lol whatever don't you have something to do
Do not click on any Justin Beiber facebook posts.
They are viruses.
Just here Listening to Music layinn down ha :
good to hear from you...are you enjoying your summer?
every Washington wine is halfprice on Wednesdays.
i miss you too boo!
Isn't that one of the coolest things!
I loved it!
Does MJ have a twitter account?
I was mad at the Dish network for pulling the FX network.The truth is Fox cut it off due to rate negotiations.
Why do I feel like a hostage?
It's a great day to be in the music business.
fuck chasing money ii wanna make money cause chasing a few dollars aint betta den make hundoctords
Home with the boys while Steph's at a shower, and somehow they're both asleep at the same time.
Dare I say it  but Oscarworthy.
Pacing was great and story was raw.
If this is their roughest cut then the final will be GREAT!
The power of prayer is incredible 
happpyy bithdayyy!!!!
Steven wanted me to tell you a couple of things so check yourr dm's!!!
Overriding the traditional methods of reaching out to the consumer body, it has been learnt that innovation earns sales.
Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude.
Martin Luther King Jr.
and aspirin always help reduce a fever.
:
y r u busy?
plzz talk 2 me back remember dat i luv u!!!!!
Halloween  Christmas stuff already flooding the stores, Ugh!
Should we start trimming the tree  carving the pumpkins?
Blake Griffin's post up is beyond garbage
To be fair, the stakes in OKC tonight were higher than any in MKE since they played Philly in '01.
Still, thunder crowd was nuts.
you can stick it out til then, and you'll still have the rest of the summer to sunbathe in your yard naked
It will be ok just hang in there.
Dodgers catcher A.J.
Ellis went 2 for 4 with 1 HR and 4 RBIs against the Rockies.
ALMOST left the apt without my running shoes in my gym bag.
That would've been cool.
5 days til the 1/2!
I've known Badger hockey senior Eric Springer since he was a toddler.
Nice interview with him on FSN during intermission :
WORK WORK WORK WORK LOL
Swear I gots the whiplash
I KNOW, right?!
They wouldn't let me have mine either.
:
boom!
forgot about the gym
If you actually think its a good film, there's a chance you're brain dead
haha looks like someone forgot to pay their cell phone bill.
Jams at 730 pal
you should def.
stop by I'll be starting at 8:00 tomorrow
Madison square park is full of Ucb people today
presale code for Manchester NH please
Just tried putting the cereal box in the fridge..
i love being me.
Writing, Reading, Writing, and Reading.
thanks for the surveys.
Smithsonian Natural History Museum has a great exhibit on the social construction of race.
PickUpLine: Are you cold?
Let me be your electric blanket.
Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
S/O to for doing i106 daily VO yelling out all kinds of station ids .......
U crazy man!
everyone help us get some more followers!
We will donate for each follower to the American Cancer Society!
We are truebeliebers!
I m not to keen on prom cause I think in going to look like a mess in a doctorss
RT : Tweet us your questions and they'll go to and our panelists.
Imagine my surprise when I found out that we had both audio recorder and video camera at the ready for the show!
Calm and collective, violence is rare.
my job is here !!!!
Lol I'm 60 miles from downtown chicago....
See you in 24 hours son!
TheAvengers is certified awesome!!
Filled w/action  humor.
The ingredients of a perfect action flick.
RT '' Your shooting a new movie after Empire State?'' So true!..
Still negociating with that but it'll be rad 3
A favorite quote: He who has hope has everything.
Arabian Proverb
Bourdain's 100th episode suggests that Parisian dining is turning all Brooklyn hipster bistro.
Lucky for me, Bklyn's 2 subway stops away.
Michael Jackson VS Elvis Presley who better?
can we all do this again so it looks like i have friends but seriously......
At Freedom Fest at Sandhill.
About 100 booths out here...including mine.
Come out if ur in Columbia.
Fireworks tonight.
I'm close to Moe's.
Painting my front porch this weekend.
Ceiling navy blue, trim kelly green, walls off white,  checkerboard floor.
At the Reader, we are the 95 percent.
Just my luck to get sick on a 3day weekend
too bad I don't live in Mystic Falls, you and I could be buddies!!!
xD
In the coming years, I'll be comparing the careers of Nick Perry and Courtney Upshaw VERY closely.
Happiness is a way to travel, not a destination.
Roy Goodman
: Got my fitted on just the way you like it...
// looked good too ;
So excited to do UNSEEN GUEST launch event at on the book's pub day.
Tues, March 27th at 4 PM, Montclair NJ.
Save the date!
hey wats up?
I never been on a plane before
itold you not to give up 
Getting in shape!
Responded to FIRE  1461 Commonwealth Ave, Bronx, NY 10460 and helped 3 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
You will find a girl prettier than me, smarter than me, and funnier than me, but you will never find a girl just like me!
deadbeat darling loves you...
An increase in the cigarette tax to 1.01 kicks in today!
Govt.
says it will help people quit and bring in revenue.
What do you think?
mm okay
oh yeah!
Can't wait to try some!
I miss when Austin actually wore his puka necklace.
Dog groomer RT : who is cutting Metta's hair?
As the temps climb into the 90's I'm getting ready for my first leg.
10.4 miles in my Kinvara3's.
National Taco Day bitchezzzzzz
Watching Atlanta's halfcourt offense is like watching paint doctor except paint doctoring is a bit more organized and predictable.
Party city!
as much as i hate the way you live your life through the internet, i may need you to teach me how to do this
watching Tosh haha.
Do u still watch that...
Here's another spy word.
Unscramble it and reply or DM your answer.
If you're right, I'll DM you the password to CovertTU!
Word: YEDOC
thanks so much for the retweet about the scholarship program!
www.DistinguishedYW.org!
I hope some teens saw it!
Hieber's welcomes Prince of India restaurant for Taste of Oakland event 5/14/11.
www.onlyinoakland.org  stop by for a taste!
I know it's too late now but I wish I could go back in time, start all over somehow and get it right from the start...
find your way back
nothing matters but the weekend from a Tuesday point of view
Thounder and rain.
where did my sun go?!
Right
It seems to be all about terroir these past few daysclass lectures, student papers  public talks.
Cover contest details have been posted.
Who's gonna win?
Next week is a little tough but how about the following week?
Fairly open, I think!
The Biblical understanding is that no institution exists as an end in itself, but only to serve the common good.
Walter Wink
....Damn this founding of America crap.
Columbus day we should celebrate good vino, pasta, pizza, and tiramisu!
Who's down?
He is my Rock
Is there anything I'm doin Brand New...
Contact me!
you're going to see him?
I hate doing papers!
Fact check whether Fidel Castro is going to meet his maker or go to another place
You need a front massage
A diving catch to end the inning by EJ.
Here we go
Sluts these days..
We would love to see all of you at a game!
July 2011 has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays, this happens every 825 years
LS Career Services are here tonight from 57pm to give résumé  cover letter advice.
Put your best foot forward for summer internships, etc
When is the Airing of Grievances?
RT FYI there will be 2 Fish sandwiches at The Q during Monsters game 2night for Lent!
How's the game from the outside?
im in !!
haha followed :D
Jethro Tull hell yea rock my world
Black Venti, please.
Cheers!
If you up follow me on instagram
doing well, cheers!
Back home from kicking it with moms.
Love spending time with my moms
3 day weekend  Sleep Mall Chill with mah bros
Let's do one up and see if we mesh.
Can you DM me your email?
Love it!
It's adorable :
on the bus with jadie!
:
It is weird how this day just vanished out from under me.
Still, I did get to see a couple dudes get ordained as priests.
That was a thing.
We're at the scrap yard with another 8 TONS!!
that is 8 tons diverted from the dump!!
I hear you, one good thing about fall is that I can break out the crock pot again.
I really love what you are doing in Guatemala.
Keep up the great work, and I look forward to seeing Becoming Fools
Two Jews Walk Into A War...
has EXTENDED to March 27th.
Do you have your tickets?
816531PLAY or www.unicorntheatre.org
Could you like only have the right to vote once for Austin?!
lol yea how were the police
OK, I'm now following you on Twitter.
Do I still get a shirtless pic?
Let's say I wanted to get into Avengers, or SpiderMan, or Batman, or Thor  there's no easy way to know where to start.
Sure, we'll swap this time
Happy birthday to one of my idols the beautiful miss Janet Jackson!
:
what if you run half of that?
What do I get for that?
now that's funny!
Glenn, the worlds oldest living student
toasted bread sucks
Ash from the Soufriere is making all of us very sick in PR!!
Join  I as we spin live tonight at NYC's famed Webster Hall from 112am.
Can't make it there?
Hear it live on !
christa you're more HIS bitch..he's not yours..
99 of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
George Washington Carver
Great crowd today in Miami Beach.
Keynote revealed amazing technology for the future of communications.
Thanks, August!
Thanks to everyone who came out for likemind in Chicago  see you and everyone else next month on July 17!
Every day is Valentine's Day
my b day is january 13
I'm so stuffed up my mom can't even understand me /:
It has been said that, at its best, preservation engages the past in a conversation with the present over a mutual concern for the future.
Man I hate when lame niggers think they got
La la land
'cause your idiot sister did so you thought it was a good idea?
bbt2010.
Is loving the panel on social media right now.
You know something?
I hate dearly missing someone and not being able to tell them that you're not the same without them.
sounds great Love that combo!
The presentation went well.
You should have been there.
It was fun.
Sherlock Homes: Chip Wrecked  A bunch of overly cute chipmunks take a cruise on the Titanic and solve mysteries with Robert Downey Jr.
trying to get rid of her/him?
RT I just tried to kill a spider with hairspray.
He's still alive, but his hair looks outstanding.
I remember seeing a facebook post by , I think, talking about how men are rarely defined by women in book titles, etc
Lol.....lots of loads.
I'm trying to determine just hoe they figured this out.
:
RT rt if you've finally perfected your human guise  can walk among them undetected
Hech yess!!!!
I could never imagine you without it!
oh yes please 
we are waiting outside!
You should come!
Things are looking good!
Ur just asking for trouble...RT : Five Guys  Chinese  Yes Please!
I would love to host the Johnsonville House Party
Everyone should check out and hear him sing.
Xmas Tweets: Dad now describing how he's going to die sliding down in the shower from a heart attack.
Merry Christmas!
THANK YOU.
RT : Getting upset because a lead singer cuts his hair shows clearly you're not in it for the music
I reconcile in the spirit of forgiveness and morons recant and fight their own confusion.
U don't have to despise traditional marriage to support same sex marriage.
I'm straight but want my gay friends to be happy.
A Retweet For A Rice Crispy Lmao
Lilly's killed tonight!
Tons of great players, DJ , AND a freestyle battle between saeed and maurice brown...yea.
Laying in bed.
The Stretch Run: looking at education bills in the Legislature ...
lead to bad consequences.
This thought can be also shared, so others would not repeat.
Just had lunch in Auckland with two New Zealand triathlon legends: Hamish Carter and Rick Wells.
No matter how fast you run, Michael Myers will walk faster.
Also many memories of being the only girl in math or science classes in high school and college.
Always having to prove.
I tell people this all the time, If you don't want your feelings hurt stop tweet watching  get a new hobby.
I'm at Breakfast Wednesday
Can't believe Aramis Ramirez already gets a bobblehead this season.
How about a team leader...like Rickie Weeks...
...and WE can't wait until works her magic here at the April 5th Women in Media event!
May 4.
Save the date we ARE going to see it.
no excuses.
lives on the cutting edge of the digital library, try to keep up with her our virtual summit.
I 84 eastbound is moving five miles an hour
wats the secret
Breakfast from mcdonalds sounds too bomb right now :D
I said a hip, hopHippie to the hippieThe hip, hip a hop, and you dont stop, a rock itTo the bang bang boogie, say, up jump the boogie
RT to win 50 gift card to
no!
my search can't go down when i'm supposed to leave....
no!
good morning!
:
Just left Florida Memorial University.
Very impressed by some of the young brothers I met here.
I like their outfits
Why am i in Glendale??
Mitt Romney not sure why people listen to him or look as his record.
Just vote for him.
You serious Flynn?
FAR more embarrassing moments...
Toyotismcapitalizing on customization.
Seen in almost every industry.
no more assembly line.
so long Fordism.
Happy Sunday everyone!
Our double punch doctornk is a likeavirgin, see y'all soon!
Feel sorry for him for being ignorant.
You're good.
I can hear i sayin that hahahahaha RT : They lick fingers suck toes all tht shit
I luv how Obama can change his stance on an issue n its calld n evolution but if ne1 else changes a stance on ne topic its calld flipfloppin
Lifes like a bird, its pretty cute until it shits on your head.
Success is just failing at failing.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Who run the world?
Girls!
you SR are just amazingly Wonderful funy most atractive guy LOVE YOU ;D
Icant wit these doctor nappy hair cuts
the video of him from the teen vogue shoot
doctoram what you want to doctoram, be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do 
sorry to bother you, but were you able to find out about my script?
I had too much cuban coffee this morning
Feel better, Yuvi!!
WE LOVE YOU!!!
XOXO
I can't believe Madge has twitter.
Movin' on up, momma!
Whats good loves...
Headin to wk..
Come get at us....
STARTERS FAIRLANE PEOPLE!!!!!!
I'm Jill.
I work as an temp academic reference librarian in NC while looking for a permanent position.
And that is why io9 is the only Gawker site worth paying attention to.
But don't worry.
There are other, better ways you are special.
:
The tech boom is back.
Yelp shares closed 64 up from its IPO price.
Facebook is on the horizon
: I want a country boy notredneckthough zilly
blogged: Think Big Baltimore tbb 2day, check it out!
kudos to all of the speakers including , , and
Rosendale notorius for that.
The gas stations sell tshirts with a cop car outline and the slogan: Rosendale: It's the ticket!
Not looking so awesome now...
What a gorgeous day to be downtown in Milwaukee!
Stop into Watts to see our new collections or have a glass of iced tea.
I'm here babe3
More people would learn from their mistakes if they werent so busy denying them.
One day, we'er gonna look back on these tweets and these times and laugh, and it will be a humbling experience for both of us...
can you follow me plz
I've seen New Moon 2 times!
I want Syracuse 2 kick rocks!!!
Pretty bad day today .
At insomnia cafe seeking inspiration for sketches...
here I am.
GO CARDS!!
y'all are awesome!
Will do.
At Harvard Law School in Boston for the DPLA meeting.
Interesting to see a community trying to build a new platform : Fun :
Nearing the end of National Poetry Month.
I highly recommend Matthew Henriksen's Ordinary Sun.
Lovely, haunting, surreal.
KG getting that second wind.
WHAT ARE YOU REFFERRING TO?
thanks bro
Come on Dallas let's beat the lakers 40
that's because my is a trooper.
Besides, she wouldn't have done a schizophrenic Beyonce impersonation.
watching star wars with the roommies..hoping for a snow day tomorrow!!
girl i agree
I missed my 10k tweet but fuck it
awesome stuff!
I want to marry a man like Landon from A Walk To Remember
Good morrow!
lmao well send me some :D
Love the city lights reflecting through the rain on my window
yes.
She's done this since she was a pup!
It's crazy!
Nothing beats Oxford with nice weather
it says march 28
how do i do that?
I miss you too Tina girl..how you been??
RT : I miss
who?
ya mama?
If NM means not much to you...
We're not friends.
IT'S NICKI MINAJ.
yep  our stopped working after last big upgrade.
As says, believe it had to do w/db structure.
GREAT SUN SHINING
what's the source of racial tension n BloomingdaleDC?
Some constituents are surprised that there's any.
Others suspect K
I have never spammed in my life...
;
Yes baby I am Marvin Gaye's sister..
Ty, may God Bless You Zee
ahem of course one of them is you ;
Which is btr?
not having a dad when u grew up, or knowing u hav a dad, b he prety much neglects u.
Sorry didnt tweet alot yesterday I was at my friends birthday party becuz uh kno im a good person...
sort of all I did was trip a little kid
prozac inducing nerves is a sign of a true fan.
Keep it real.
The Working Hour Loves Brunch!!!
Thanks Austin for a great start to our first groupon offering!!!!
There is still time to purchase and save LOTS!!!!
And the Monster Raving Loony Party, for good measure.
MT I demand a response from the Dixiecrats.
And the Whig party...
Hey I just met you an this is crazy but here's my number so callmemaybe haha love that song
Tailgate is in the blue lot.
Leave it to Pandora and a coworker's shitty taste in music to remind me Evanescence ever existed.
overheard: we are at 105 employees, I started getting serious like 5 minutes ago....
Glad to hear it!
I haven't read ALVIN HO books but I've read they are great
my friend is a b.a.n so sad...
But if you do look at Yahoo's, notice that they put the Oakland Raiders logo instead of
Where were you?
Good job on the call of the Badger game today despite the loss.
i know you can post images and tag a price to it, so i want to start using it as a way to link back to my etsy shop  website
I think I'm almost to the point of emotional breakdown.
Ctfu , we really singing  mooovee get out the way  while traffic ..
If you're in Chicago and get picked up by the cops, be it NATO or whatever, DM me.
We've heard that concern a lot, happy to discuss it further offline, if you're ever available.
Thanks for your support!
Rainbow lollipop all the way!
:D
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.
Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings  MarketWatch
Just beat in a serious game of ping pong
If speaking and  perhaps more important  listening skills are valuable, I don't know a better way than an interview....
Trying very hard not to be sad that Doctor Who is filming by the Brooklyn bridge today and I'm not there to see it.
ok I'm sorry.
You got it boo thang!
It's pretty amazing, I know.
I really don't think Ima be able to sleep before work 
And dare I say Rihanna's bad roots and Flashdanceesque perm looks kind of FRESH?
Socially awkward people.
Hi, where does a girl go to listen to your music?
incredible!
Do have other videos like that?
I realized that you have to put yourself first all the time because no one else will....
Red velvet cupcakes!
:D just finished baking them secs ago 3 I like baking, I really do c:
i cant tonight D: sorry
What a glorious Sunday to be...inside, editing my thesis.
I have a doctoram, and doctorking wouldn't be proud of me...i wanna enslave the whole planet, and make them bow to me
Tarpon Trivia Tuesday  Do you have a favorite place to watch the Sunset in Tarpon Springs?
I STAY WITH MY HEAD TO THE SKY, CONDOR WINGSPAN....I'M SO FLY!!!
convos with Kali on the way home 
Out shopping today for another handgun!!
Listening to some music as I ponder the possibilities !!
Salted should be going late
for my followers I charge 100 per look a la carte.
Damn it's cold today, what happened to Spring in Seattle?
Good work!
Hey, YOU!
Do something useful with your 140 characters...
type beatcancer and that's all it takes.
Let's beat it in the face.
Let the pre wedding workouts begin!
did u realize its Friday the 13th!?
Keep following GiveGlobal12 to stay up to date w/ The Conference today : Lot's of talk about how to engage the
If y'all don't hear from me any more it's cuz I OD'd on these gummy bear vitamins
Felton also said he'll miss Memphis game to attend uncle's funeral.
Plans to rejoin team for Spurs  Jazz road games next week.
Is it true tht Lil Wayne is dead?!?!?!?!
Passed 3 guys in their 20's each lugging a 30pack of Keystone : Enjoy your youth.
Life eventually becomes more complicated.
Happy Birthday from CW20!
New One Tree Hill tomorrow at 8 on CW20!!
WWF Sunday Night Heat  Miami Heat
Austin loves his Mahomies.
I'm a Mahomie.
Therefore, he loves me.
dasswhassup.
hey!!!
Congrats on Mellon!!
Fabulous news!!
it was an early night for the boy last night bra...Had to work today
I'm robbing your house!
: Newt is killing It!
He's leagues above the other 3!
romney santorum ronpaul newt palin cnndebate
Is every murder a monk commits, premeditated?
Thank you , it's a wellknown fact: Free cookies are the best cookies.
when you write FF to each other do you mean Fact Finding or Face Face?
Great talk on innovation by Clorox CIO at SanFran conference today,
knock off kool aid still got flavor.
it's all in the sugar  wrist action.
Ppl have trouble taking pleasure in things animals do.
Sex and food.
Not in WI!
Love sugar bees
Barney Frank pointed out women's job losses during Obama are the result of GOPled downsizing of teachers, government.
doing homework 0: its easy but boring
appreciate that miss lady.
Sorry Charanga Habanera.
Less than a 60 minute set don't cut it...En la Yuma.Despierta Cuba, tour manager and venue.
Muy malo
50DAYS TILL 'MINDLESS BEHAVIOR' CONCERT ..
SO EXCITED
Great conference at Oregon Mentors today, especially Matt Schulte from
unfortunately no.
Not into UFC
lesson of the day : Don't sneeze while peeing.
Usually when I say I don't care or act like i don't, there's like an 90 chance that's a lie.
I love you 18
Gonna bake myself a cake with my bay and eat it all day long..muhuhaaha!
I remember those I wish they could come back so I can go to San diego and watch Rodgers kill the chargers this year
Who's going to explain to policy makers that you don't need to spend 80M to build a custom data system?
CC
Twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder what you are...
This girl makes lunch so much better
Great way to end the year: Big Fan, nod to
: Thanks to our sponsors !
We appreciate your support!
Glad to be a part!
What are the chances David Stern even lets the Nuggets compete tonight, never mind win?
10000:1?
sleep well mister President!
Job well done!
thanks for all you do
StoryCorps markw stories on scale for reproducibility for radio.
Is there a way to predict this rating based on wave data
most definitely.
I also have Spotify Mobile.
not well at all : haven't found anyone, might have to go ahead and not have percussion at my set.
We need your data!
Take a photo of your badge today so we can visualize attendees expertise/experience this year
RT : Why is Tim McCarver still on television?
Good question.
I find him extremely annoying
Happy day of birth!
You earned this!
I think my favoritest thing about food is the taste.
I love food.
Me, in a fit of hunger
ni me digas el primer round ya paso
Should be no charge for the migration.
Is the site you have hosted w/us the same listed on twitter?
That one loads for me CH
Choose to participate in your life, because it will always refuse to stand still even if you are.
Things you don't hear people say anymore...
Let me go get my beanbag.
Thanks have an amazing weekend yall!RT:
Barbara Martinez found me, she is a pro!
congratulations on making the Billboard 2012 Power 100 in the music industry
SICK SEASON
A childhood legend has been lost, rest in peace Maurice Sendak.
Hope you're Where The Wild Things Are
hadnt had a chance to rave yet but u nerds know how to party!
Seriously, awesome job, next year i'll try to get ladies
1 more day then here I come, FrightmareWeekend!!
Booty call maybe??
RT I wonder why she calls me out of all people at 3:00 AM...
Whew!
Spent all weekend on presents, wrapping and cards.
95 done with it all!
Hey SanDiego  What do you want to know about your Port  Money?
Safety?
Politics?
Let me know.
Grab your crew I'll grab my crew we can rendezvous around 2 but 1st MVP at the door lets rage
yes indeed Grown Folks Music lol random
Not feeling to good right now
no love for Andoctorid?
Cause you gotta emphasise the B and doctorg out the I just to piss em off
I now know what my mother meant when she used to say sometimes: it's a Barnum and Bailey world.
We live in a circus atmosphere.
John boy...
JOHN BOY
it's not bad to have just a few friends.
It's easier to focus on the ones that matter :
Please tell me that this is sarcasm!
Goodnight beautiful people : lol
It's not humanly possible for someone to tell you they have Mambo 5 stuck in their head  then for you NOT to get it stuck in your head.
Booked a new headshot session for next week!
Becoming unstoppable...!!!
That awesome moment when you're thinking I'd love a massage  someone comes up behind you  gives you a massage in the hallway 3
Alert  DANE Co  Crash  US 12 EB  Old Sauk Road  All Lanes Blocked  511wi.gov.
In such a good mood right now.
I just wanna give everybody in the world a hug :
believe it!
I saw it first hand.
;
WOW!
Black Angus Burger w/ Blue Cheese  Maple Smoked Bacon...
One of the BEST burgers that I've ever had!
ChefChiarello I'm really surprised.
Sorry to see you go.
I've been watching your shows for years.
Always makes me extremely hungry.
Its the other Miami  in Ohio RT : Is something going on with the U's football team?
thnx!
will check it out!
Congratulations to Raman  Marlene on their upcoming wedding in Miami.
We look forward to hosting you and your families this weekend.
Hello Friday!
I've been looking forward to seeing you all week:
Thank you!
Likewise.
forreal though right.
take a shit dawg take a shit.
lul i must talk to you in private tho.
We're a producing company.
I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
Did Paul Ryan's hair take PEDs?
No way that's all natural.
Bryce Harper has more home runs than pujols
Mom doesn't appreciate my narration as she attempts to parrallel park.
She said something about me  an ass.
7 days until our SURGE info session with !
practice :P ...feel lik ccrap....not feeelin school tomorrow :
PowerPoint is playing a big role in my night in a social way....what???
Srsly?
Hahahaha!
Get off me !!
RT : If wants to continue being my friend he needs to step his Gucci Game up!
Lmfao
Dont look like antelope.
Ah ha moment Let's not talk about technology, but something with a name.
A4 My little pillow that I sleep with on the plane ....
Quick, post it on our twumbposterpressbook!
bills play patriots after their bye again?
It must be a running joke at the league office
Yep RT : Ok I retweet u and u gain 20 more followers.
So is that gon boost yo life and blow u up to stardome?
Twitter allows you to connect with your customers.
sweden , scandinavia , usa , england
Have a office of 15 or more?
Call Kristi at 202 296 6500 for extended happy hour prices!
ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
A HUGE congrats to for winning awards
SO PROUD OF MY BFF!
Almost through with Physical Therapy grad school!!
RT: On my way to my last class ever!!!!!!
Whoa!!!
Somethings require Instructions this includes people
OMG i feel like i died, i had so much to study.Havent been on twitter for 10 days!
ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend What...?
What kind of fucking trend is that?
I think it's really hard but not impossible, having something to move to definitely helps a lot though.
It's tough man :/
Why tf is she bitching at me
Working the registration desk  looking forward to the altchi Physical Love session at 4:30
One of the best Happy Hours few blocks from Union Station!
try their tasty specials  reinvented Classic Cocktails.
Craving fish and chips again!!
I had it last night at the Hawthorne Fish House but they weren't as good as Burgerville's
sometimes when i feel sad, i listen to slow songs, and i start thinking too much 
Nice job, sir.
Well done.
I eat at least 10 gfree bagels a week.
I feel ya
turn that frown upside down :
Never let your ears witness what your eyes didnt see.
Never let your mouth speak what your heart doesnt feel.
: Sitting in the Place des Vosges using the free WiFi.
Both are heaven.
wow, I'm there.
One of my favorite places on earth.
On the doctorve home last night, it happened: Mandy Moore's Crush.
and u will.
Print your book i send you list of agencies
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there!
I wish we can collab sometime
Jimmy Neutron??!
Love it!
QR codes are a great disappointment
Turpin/Anderson tailgate tomorrow at 5pm at Turpin.
Join us.
Where are you training?
Have a Blast!
gonna get 's hair tom..haha....i really idolize Christina Grimmie!
open, public collaboration also assumes reusability.
I can use others' libraries / code, rarely their designs.
here's to the rockets that came out of hibernation today on campus
Take a poop and bake a cake.
Study as if you were going to live forever; live as if you were going to die tomorrow
., like studying for econ?
Survived attack of the coffee straw, makes it a great
Then you should come visit your former home!!
Actually, Twitter, those people are not similar to me.
They are all boys.
I am a girl.
Big difference.
NiceI did sit ups and jumping jacks to them.
Very exercisecondusive rhthym!
Bobby Brown and his P.R coming out swinging that he did not lead Whitney on the path to death.
In chicago
Brilliant Daddy!
I'd say  how much free time did that give you?
it's a great day to BeOrange!
Man!!
That would be so sweet!!!
Truly a dynasty...
Tell the little ones good luck and learn as much as possible cause it will get easier...
The starting point of protection of our work starts with the education of our artists  Creative industries
ha ha, great minds....
when I grow up  I want to be a grumpy old hermit so that everyone will leave me alone!
If Cupid saw his shadow this morning that means the divorce rate will rise to 60, right?
It's about time you got down from that roof bro.
Trying to sleep.
If you can't say anything positive, crawl back in the bed until you can!
Trust me, the world will appreciate that this morning!
Grrh!
Quit acting like fan and start being a friend u know who you are
This is where she wants 2 B.
I am what she want 2 c.
I've never known a love so sweet.
Still I keep Vikki waiting.
Cal just said that the roadoctorn sportingkc is winning the fan presence...
I'm having the time of my life over here!
Google Robert Seth Hayes  learn how to support his release.
His con't.
imprisonment is a violation of the law, human rights,  God's la ...
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
Jesse Jackson
I'm running on less than 6 hours of sleep.
I'm so tired, have to make sure I take a nap at some point.
Oh I figured, I was just piling on.
is one fine mama.
Marry me?
Lol
Take their order, and charge the pizza shop a commission to relay it to them.
Or say Sorry, we're closed.
Or nopizza4u!
Told myself that I would study for the AP BC Calc exam some more tonight.
Guess what I haven't done...
Rhymes with buddy...
Stop in and get your last minute gifts for a whoppin 50 OFF!
We are only open for another 2 hours!
HURRY UP AND BUY!
I think it's time for The Rockford Files theme to make a comeback.
: If we are bound to forgive an enemy, we are not bound to trust him.
Prefinished Brazilian Cherry solid or engineered 5  Add the timeless beauty of hardwood floors.
We just bought a house
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people.
If they care, they'll notice.
If they don't, you know where you stand.
Something told me not to go to cold stone..
I saw the line and decided to still go in..
I almost did until I seen he who shall not be named
wisdom teeth recovery update: numbness gone.
lunch was puréed Trader Joes macaroni and cheese, dinner isyet again mashed potatoes.
Hahaha totally.
And my facial expression is too funny.
I had to use this one.
Would you please take 2 or 3 minutes out if your day to clarify that statement?
u sure can
I think is hangin' with his parental units.
Bad first day of the month but it all good
and what's better is isn't responding...looks like I may have 12 sites or more to move today.
Thinking of
Hello to our new followers : We're following you back!!
I don't really care if I talk a lot sometimes, it's just sometimes.
I need to listen too
Congrats!
Hope I get to see it on video.
I'm contemplating submitting one for EyeO but have never given one before.
Just had a 9 yr.
old boy explain history of Reconstruction.
Taught me a few things.
Take that Eric Foner.
I was so busy tweeting I didnt look at the time so I might be late for the check in time.
Fail oh well yolo
You're right.
At the NYC Google Reboot
NO.
CLUE.
yikes.
thank you.
arn't we already worried about making super bateria/viruses?
Maybe make it madnatory to stay away longer if they get sick.
Attending screening of Happy as part of Environ Film Festival at Atlas on H St.
Guarantee we are only Republicans here cc:
Last day of work for the year.
Boom!
ooh.
I'm sorry.
i work at the concert promoter that is putting on your portland show...
ill probably see you there.
top gun is a awesome movie
God why is always doctornking starbucks or bobba?
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
Cowper, William
me too!
Bc even last night was a bit heartbreaking!
ball so hard
I love it!!!
You really got creative ; haha.
Atlantic City's Boardwalk Ambassadors get overhaul with bigger budget, more ...
Press of Atlantic City
Wish I had a little bro to turn into a boss
What is with this imperfection and Human Frailty I seem to be so good at?
Also the world is lacking role models
So excited for the SuperBowl!!
Let's go Patriots!
Most of the time I get really sentimental hen my husband goes out of town but not this time...
good morning Austin , from your friendly Johnson jags ; hope you see this .:  we're getting ready for school 
Always invited.
Hope you're doing well
Made this long trip to work  the Skokie base and my partner not here.
I know he better show his ass up
WhenIWasYounger I didnt know who was...
:O
I'm thinking about getting a Youtube channel.
I was at the store last night.
I didn't see where it said for women Only.
OO
a future.
Where others have to entertain the reality that they will not eat for the rest of the week, will not have a place to lay their
Make me laugh Will.
I really need it right now.
Why does caring have to hurt sometimes?
Im to nice
Thanks for spreading the word with your RT.
My new moto is for my Paralegal career is Take a Bite out of Justice courtesy of Crisco Kidd....lol
goin to bed!
night guys!!
Cisco Announces Intent to Acquire Truviso
The problem w/ troubleshooting is that sometimes trouble shoots back.
My default answer if I were an IT guy.
I just read your columns on oktc.
I'll be reading and may send a question or two.
RT : Ron Paul wants States to handle their own disaster relief.
That's like asking a burn victim to also put out the fire.
ILJB means that i  justin bieber and the jobros lmao
Don't understand why these meetings were not held before.
Imp.
community buyin completely ignored.
kam did you tap out?
Tell Him That's Grit  I'm Proud Of Him...He'll Get It
thank you so much for The Daily Oracle tweet!
You are wonderful!!!
I am w/ u!
Diaz RT : you kno it!
I got diaz RT : cannot wait!!!
Going to be a great card.
You're welcome!
: Which library are you at?
Let me know what you find out.
I hate promising LinkedIn groups that are filled with spam.
It is such a missed opportunity.
mane im to bored right now....ugh need some to do
hahaha you're an idiot.
butiloveyou :
Dog owners make less visits to a doctor.They also have better post heart attack survival:: //ow.ly/9LPMM
its poplin for real man..
I love it
Mylanta, really?!
When does finfit go live?
I need more guy friends.
Im sick of girls.
please follow she is you biggest fan!89
ha, is that a joke or are you actually asking?
Feb 5
let's put it together
A Napoleon Dynamite TV series?!
Are we ready for this?
JDaddyFact Justin Bieber is 5'7 RT if you're smaller than him
J.D.
Salinger, author of The Catcher in the Rye has died at the age of 91.
Gotta go up ta Macy's tmister mornin at 10:15 ta fill out some papers
Russell Wilson can win starting gig in Seattle.
Not totally sold on Matt Flynn.
RW is in runheavy system similar to Wisconsin's offense.
And good morning to you kind sir.
RT : Morning Patriots
I am so not ready to be awake yet.
N i can't stop her n ion really care
Happy birthday to Shane!
Sophia xo
awe thanks sweetie!
:
CERAWEEK social networks work against Iran says kissinger
AmySedaris in Dallas at the Kessler on April 19!
JUST RT ALL NIGHT..
Okay.
Assuming you're not staying at the Donovan House Hotel in DC?
We love that you wore Canyon Group chenille robes on every season of The Nanny!
See your pix on our Hall of Fame page!
Hey, at salute having a great time?
Yes me too.
This is the spot for Mondays.
50 off in all wine bottles!
In Chicago rooting for my team to lose.
ew whats with these creeps messaging me on facebook
What u xpect, they're Yankees of NBA.
RT  yelloboy32 Kobe's extension, 83.5M with a no trade clause.....yeah, he's a Laker for LIFE.
Alright JV game almost over time for Varsity!
Let's do this Buckeyes!
Good to see the Occupy movement back in the main stream media.
This fall it will be Occupy Government time in DC
im so excited!!: falling in reverse concert in 2 days3
Yes.
I cannot wait.
Finish packing, say bye to boyfriend, then I'm TampaBound.
:
oh lordy goodness...that might just be a little wierd that someone is your online peeping tom!
should be in DC soon!
That's my girl
New Mouse on Mars album is brilliant.
Our selection for Best Food  doctornks in SE Portland is The Observatory Restaurant.
Amazing job Kate  Todd have done!
Horrible day
I love you Selena, my little sister I never had  on her acceptance speech for Artist of the Year at 2011 AMAs.
The interweb is super slow today.
One good thing about Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day
Brizzly is shutting down?!
The ending to last night's game was one of the strangest I've ever seen.
Incredible shots by KG and Ray Allen.
Perfect Spring day.
Austin, Texas can you hear me ?
Does what's happening in egypt remind anyone else of Cory 's For the Win?
Cuddles  a film with jord!
Such a tired little lady!
Nanitee x
Special Shout out to for helping boost my twitter followers!
xoxoxo
What is it called when a redhead has bleeding gums?
Gingervitis.
: Stop acting like the devil if you're going to call yourself a Christian.
All Tickets can be purchased onsite for Flash on Tap.
Online registration has ended.
I want to go to the aquarium.
youknowilikeyou when i offer to take you to a fancy dinner like mcdonalds on the first date.
Anxious to get home, exercise, and complete Relief Society tasks so I can then watch Once Upon a Time!
The sad paradox of student life: learning need  does not allow laziness, sleep, lie down  conscience.
Sit eat.
Happy Valentines Day to everybody
Is the crowd chanting get your a up?
i know but, im new to all this liking boys and girls.
I didnt mean to offend you.
It's funny, I upgraded to 16GB and my menumeters now says I sit at aroute 11.5GB used, 5GB availall Chrome tabs :
I hope someone took a screenshot of his name trending.
Patrimony for his progeny!
Guys that fight over who has a hotter mom 
LUCCampusSecurity, I love you.
Out.
Flatted utg open with 1010 and button called.
Flop 965 two clubs.
I bet/call and lose vs 66.
Shoulda 3b pre maybe but had a weird table
Goal of the Day: Hold the door, carry something heavy, buy a cookie!
Commit to doing one nice thing for somebody else each day.
hey Demi : I just wanted to say you beautiful  amazing I can't wait to see u on July14 2012 !
My sis and I are crazy for you!
Stacks on the make up bag.
Sunday evening mlanet12 is going to be packed w/ overlapping social events.
Due to locations, no way I can do them all.
:
Let veterans tell the stories in their own terms.
Show compassion.
Don't cry
Reading 50ShadesOfGrey woo!
getting mentally ready for some apt hunting all throughout this week.
Oh lordie
I'd have to agree
you're full of it
I think i love her
that video is crazy Greg!
Where is he placing/sending that video?
You're welcome honey  XoX
trying to visually organize a lot of information.
It's more difficult than I anticipated.
Daughter was just offered job as a dealer at the new casino!
Cool!
Finished 4th place with my bracket.
Guess you can't win 'em all.
Is the doctormmer not wearing pants or is he wearing khakis?
what's right will be a shorter list
sorry to disappoint all but we at BEA are on top of everything.
there are a few annoying hiccups!
If my neighbors dont tone it down a little bit, I am going to have to change my WiFi network name to I can hear you having sex.
Got a spotter for taking down Xmas lights.
No offense to the kind nurses , but I prefer not to spend my 3day wknd w/ them again
My FB network is like Google search engine..it delivers constantly.
I appreciate ...
I know I was just really hard on them the last couple of days!
lol
unwifeable if she diss the music i make and the ppl i hang wit.
friendsforever bezzy4 the moment
Commit to living your life.
All right Nuggets let's do work!
Game 7 LET'S GO!!!!!
I'm so pumped about this!
Also just found out: apparently I volunteered to organize campus guides.
orly?
libjobshadowFL lol
So that will make 2 of us.
I feel like hell.
Can't wait to get this final over with and crawl into bed
Sorry Guys Rico Muerte had to pull out of Free Tulsa.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
wow, where is that?
Off to interview Wim Wenders.
All questions will begin with W.
Just got off the phone with my auntee ..
Me love her so .
3
listening to music, you?
On my new laptop.!!
Thanks mom and wendy soo much.
I love youu Guys 3!!!
I ain't gotta explain shit ta you , my phone actin up
I hate it when people say, It's me, in voice mails.
Who's Me ?
Friends in low places.
Our genealogy group was watching the show together on AfriGeneas.
Very moving.
how weather plays a role on your eating habits
Congrats on exceeding more than 1000 votes!
You rock!
Anyone have a favorite bar in the Andersonville neighborhood?
We're starting our search for May 26th.
Reply or DM us!
I remembered that tonight while taking my mom to an early Mother's Day dinner.
Hearing her stories was the best part.
There's blood, in the water!
no.
This isn't happening.
meltdown 
Going to try out for abdc soon..
Thanks to my mentors who help me make it this far..
nope.
Not on Madison.
I have to get out there one of these days and meet some peeps.
Laughtin out loud to my self boy ur not even funny I'm laughin at ur dummness
i love jb retweet if u agree!
that's Victor Ennis.
What language do they even speak in avatar
Thank you for the birthday wishes, beloved humans!
ooh shit..
she took the earrings off!!!
honestly super super excited for one direction!
only like 400 days lol
thats whats up but what you been up too havent talk too you or seen you in forever lol
hope you're doing well :
What the hell are you doing Corey Hart
RT There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so Shakespeare
San antonio
Oh snapped, my wife just found me on twitter!!!
Living the doctoram, acting and being a fireman at the same time.
That's awesome.
So sore from the pt test sheesh
Dead tired
Well I guess i'm too old for the traditional easter egg hunt..i'm 16 not 36.I wanna find some eggs!!!
Best of Bacon 9: Bacon, Tomato, Radish bites
This Friday is opening day for the at Miller Park!
Are you going?
Who are you excited to see play this season?
RT : What's the difference between walking up the street and down the street?
What If I'm walking along side it?
deepthought
what's the word Laurent?
Dont be afraid of what can get you high..3 3PINK3
It's good for the party that Michele and Marcus will no longer be in the news :
IMPACT Milwaukee: If you want to soar like an eagle...quit hanging with crows!
I wanna kiss, lick, suck on your nipples.
I spilled my coffee.
This nearly brought me to tears until I remembered that coffee is actually good for keyboards.
What can wash away your sins?
What can make you hold again?
Im glad you asked nothing but BLOOD OF JESUS.
Be Encouraged!
Nobody could mis that BODY!!!!
of coarse he cant..
I knew this would happen.
30 years strong!
KM Camera has got you covered!
RT RT RT
Top 5 all time!
Successful with 1 pitch in the juiced ball, juiced players era.
You're so damn relentless..
: What God spoke to you on your knees he will reveal to you while moving your feet.
Preach, ha ha RT : I'll rather Lose to da THUNDER by 30 than lose to da Pacers at Home...hahahahaha
Ability is what you're capable of doing.....Motivation determines what you do....Attituide determines how well you do it.....Lou Holtz
Have to learn more about it, but at first glace more engaging than old interface.
Ups the game for marketers
is having a rough afternoon.....
sigh.
I need to have some fun this weekend.
Any thoughts?
Just used radiant heating in place of steam on a project.
Thank you for the follow.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
David Frost
Slowly fading away over a stack of books at Raynor Library...I could really use a juice box right about now
lmao tell us how u really feel ?!
Shit lmao
Getting back into a workout routine.
Had a good gym sesh this morning.
Just gotta work on eating healthy!!
ya ik but they are going to be in L.A.
im going to be in san francisco :
I wish Austin had a trader joes!
Because we're talking about a specific demographic in Milwaukee with a huge unemployment rate
Euro pane is the best.
They have my favorite kale salad in the universe.
Thank you, hugs from me and Gigi!
RT : Happy Mothers Day to you awesome ladies!
Haven't been on this in a while.
Dang, how is everyone doing?
Haha.
:D
That's a good thing!
Enjoy the beach and see you next weekend.
Green tagged items at Diversity Thrift are 25 cents each!
Today and tomorrow!!
Happy Easter!!!
Approx 1 hr until tip off...for all my Hoosier friends and fans, you deserve this!
Let's go IU!
no, lol we're cool
this sucks Shany : I'm gonna cry
Im on my ballin each and everyday.
Asian girls everywhere.
UCLA!
Romney talks a good talk.
How does he walk???
Time will tell as he attempts to move to the center!!!
Feeling sleepy!
AGT was solid, buccos won, not bad for a Monday night.
hey librarians, and others, whats libday8?
i feel behind the times.
Warm weather headed our way in Boston, AM shower tomorrow!
Hello March!
:
Mom is really really sick!!!
i hope she is ok!!!
it's Pentecost.
Toussaint is still comparatively a youngster.
Started sound editorial on at !
Oh, so crazy!
If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
shut the hell up.
god , imma slap disss women i swear
that said, I'm also worried he's overhyped...
But I adore Michael Matz
It is hot as hec out here
HUGE thanks to and Brandon LittleJon for the gear you provided to me at this years Sundance Film Festival!
doctor Pepper
The suspense is killing me!
Did you get the cut?
Or do you want to upgrade to a salon that won't change your appt time?
;
Dumb girls pretending they're clever always is RT : this is painful.
Not fair.
Bolden would be shredding UM's d.
He's shred any D if he had this running game every Saturday.
Just weeks away from changing the game!
I KNOW HIT THAT FOLLOW BUTTON KEWL DUDE!
;
stupid crap like this is not helpful.
Makes us as bad the they are!
OK, thanks for clarity.
My mom had Alzheimer'sIT WAS THE GREATEST GIFT OF MY!
doesn't give credit when it comes to bobbleheads
Woman's day, Wasn't it just Valentines day?
What next in 2 weeks?
A non issue if women actually recognized men a lil more
; i better get a  tonight lmao
A landing page is not mean to captainre every bite of information of a person.
It is a lead, not a registration or sale.
it's not a mistake if you learned from it.
:
He  ancient Israelite sources missed studies on gender  culture.
Twospirits don't count.
RT This RT : I think I like the fake Tracy Morgan's tweets better than real Tracy Morgan's tweets.
// lol
Can we turn STEM into STEAM?
A  Art.
Yes please!
7411: I love your icon it reminds me of what Austin did and your bio is so sweet Mahomies we should talk some time anytime
idc about your guyses game i want to play you one on one
Just got done practicing.
How sweet.
Love these.
RT : penfield high...
misterShay.
He was the real deal in my opinion.
Heyy there, just stopped by to sag I love you; You're my inspiration to follow my doctoram 3 Follow me.?
:
Merry Christmas everybody!!!
Remember the reason for the season!!!
RT : Our new 2song single NEW LOVE will be available this Monday  www.parachutemusical.com ..there will be a...
Where's the sun at?
I wish I hadda gotten that pussy
Aren't some of the complaints about the film's 48framespersecond rate?
stay strong like Demi
Me !
ask him to follow me :
How I Roll by the one and only  the Femme Fatale album and concert this year were epic!!
My heart is broken.
OK, why am Frigg am i still awake?
GUESS ITS NITEY NITE THEN !!
wonderful news.
and intriguing prospectus, too!
well Im happy for u that u contract is over wit probably means a little less stress for ya
I say someone should throw them out of a moving car on I65.
Free Enes!
Agile Oracle Application Express Free All Library
Congrats man!
welcome to Billsnation!
BillsMafia are behind you man!
No they're not sorry : try ag bakery hollaaaaaaaaa
One day rise to interigate the holy ghost
I'd like to get some backissues on sale that I missed..can I just come by to shipping and pay on the spot?
DM me please..
Summer Hours for HRHappyHour is 1st Thursday of each month June/July/August  cool beans!
Enjoy some much needed time off
Okay !
you'll have more followers I promise you !
Jaylon Jones gets basket in the lane for Lakes.
Jones has played hard inside tonight.
Seven Lakes leads Hightower 4538 with 6:20 left.
I'd like to point out that I stayed at my desk during the tornado warning today.
.
Always wonderful to connect with students!
Big UPS to and for equally ridiculous sets last night.
Think I pulled somethin dancing
I cant stand when I put on lipgloss and its windy and my hair just keeps on sticking to my lips!!
STUPID!
I've barely seen any tweets about prom.
Congratulation to the Boston Bruins for winning the Stanley Cup!
Go Bruins!
Front row seats for Wango Tango!!
Justins the guest host
Hit Park Ave today and do some shopping with ur RYPDiscountCard, stop by for 20 off and 1020 off as well!
Dirty sl throwing up in class.
Right
So hungry
My puppy hates techno music and she watches TV.
She thinks NO means PLAY.
To her, human is a better toy than toys.
WTF!?
Happy Birthday doctornks  such when you're back!
I have a diamond awards type speech prepared!
:
Just saw one black squirrel on the White House lawn.
don't get the taste slapped out ya mouth
have an Idea for fixing the oil spill in the gulf.
Do you have an email I can send it to ?
Save money on home and car insurance by combining them via our Seattle insurance agents.
8777830034 /
Great questions.
That's exactly why I asked.
thank you!!
Back on my bike trainer a week and a half after knee surgery :
RT : Interesting article re: Alcohol sponsorship in Ireland.
U.S is a very lucrative market  Following you...
Hope you had a great first day, : Miss you!
When can we celebrate it?
I just had breakfast tacos, so I'd say breakfast lasagne is acceptable.
what an amazing voice  never suspected that was going to happen!
please tell me u will B watching doctor doctorw Wednesday.
DEBARGE family!
He's going 2extend help 2 them.
God bless this family.
What would possess a grown man to Defecate in a public restroom while not wearing Shoes?
So is it 21 and older?
If people could read my thought bubbles like I was a comic strip, I would get beaten up often.
Launch date to be announced on soon.........Mad daily deals coming ur way
Short days and bitter cold weather set the perfect stage for long hours of undisturbed creativity.
But not Appalachia.
How much did she shoot there?
Do you have links?
When Crain comes back, that helps a lot.
More than one might think
I did get a new pair!
But didn't wear them today.
Over 430 followers?!
Wow!
Thanks!
Keep spreading the word about Cooper Point.
I see big things ahead for these awesome guys!
: Heading to vmworld to run the HOL.
In flight peanuts rock!
on my first flight, too.
See you there.
Lab10 rocks!
Guys  Hoes  doctorma
no I m pretty sure they are and I saw it on Deadliest Warrior
Something is wrong with this book.
It's printed backwards.
TPI Provides Progress Updates on its GMOL Flagship Product
I can't get the Coach link to work either.
A little help?
I seriously Just Lol'd hahahahhahaha
Ali Vegas is under rated
Yes!
Mine just emerged from the tubes pinkcheeked, sweaty hair stuck to his head.
I will come philosophize on your test for you.
You just have to be willing to take the grade I get for you.
Being sexually frustrated is a bitch.
RT Talk is cheap.
Actions speak much louder : : Love is an action not a word.
Don't say it, just do it.
Hahaha Jordan Kicks Going Live!!!!!
Young Money, the Mafia
Waiting 4 sapphirenow to show HANA inmemory Analytics performance that can come close to and waiting...
and waiting...
Going out and letting off some steam
Hi ho hi ho off to film I go...
thanks for the link, very cool journal format.
Thx for the laugh!
In that case, maybe the microphone should smell like fear...
It's the music.
They play great music at the Summits; really make it a party.
Ugh..
you're darn right.
if I wasn't such a distracted doctorver I would get so bored
Tell everyone around you about the large car accident on the road, it cleared up only as we got to school.
'When you are in love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your doctorams.'
registering for classes is way too stressful but I got everything I wanted.
Such a good mood.
Even early morn emails were all good news.
My pleasure!
Great to finally meet you guys!
love the look of the redesigned website!
Is anyone interested in me starting up Band/Artist of the Week again?
Maybe Sunday?
me if you want me to!
: It's been on hiatus.
So in what ways are they trying?
ha, excellent.
yours looks very familiar, McFly.
I'm looking forward to Letterman's top 10 tonight!!!
Sitting in crj104 taking notes on chapter 1!
Fun times
These teachers are insane thinking I'm gonna do work in EVERY class.
We appreciate you!
When a guy is kissing my neck,
Bitchs run they mouth like a new engine when they think you wont find out
Dont change so someone will like you.
Be yourself; the right people will like and love the real you.
Thanks to all who came out last night!
And a special thanks to those who stayed afterwards to do the Cupid Shuffle with us!!
So much fun!
Quality of writing is a major issue.
JOP editor cannot edit manuscripts.
biketowork idea MT : Teens can ride BIG Red Bike.....get together w/friends, put your playlist together and we'll hit the town
please follow me!3
80 towns  cities saying Yes!
We make time!
Join in Be your town's appointmentlink
Merry Christmas and have a Happy Holiday 3 Kellie
This CAPS OT is killing me!!
planet krypton.
Anxiously awaiting for the CBS schedule to arrive.
Seeing Nikki Lane and Spiritualized at Emo's East with
I'm getting better at typing a gut response in social media.
Rereading it then deleting.
That'sMaturity.
Now to do that with work emails.
Jack white has an all chick band omg omg omg omg
HEY BOY HEY
RT :Plato's voice from 300BC: The penalty good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men
I bought my ticket like last week for tn :
That means a lot!
Thanks!
sea In a fire who would you save, a sibling or five strangers?
10 minute break while jude reads a brief
im most defiantly going to do that.
Ugh I thought she was like a really big Belieber???
And at low risk/cost, obviously.
Dang dude.
You haven't tweeted anything since October.
Get on it bro!
Ditto!
: RT : I saw so many spacetweeps I recognize but was working yesterday, so I couldn't stop long enough to say hi.
I know I'm talented.
You don't need to say aloud, but I accept the compliment.
Ha!
Or the other...
pbrme RT : Oh man!
I have to find my shamisterck earring!
Every year I have to look for one
oh RT From LINsanity to MELOdoctorma.
hahaha how much was it?
I love Taylor Swift.
Shes amazing 
Joy Division is an interesting muzak choice for 7:45 a.m.
in the restaurant at the Marriott.
I might ACTUALLY send flowers tmister for making this the best Thurs night EVER!
is amazeballs in
OMG!!!!
DID REV.
JACKSON JUST ASK TO TALK MORE!!!!!
lollolol
LOL hey eddie are you too busy rearranging your cheapo tshirts to approve my comment on your...
where are you going to start working at?
Watching this clippers vs thunders game
my father looked at all my tweets yesterday and said I don't know who the bigger failure is you, me or god.
We'll go with you :
TY for the story tip!
Somebody go follow my sisters They follow back!!
UNCA Good God these refs are giving this game to
The Indiana Historical Society is super awesome!
Did some work there today and will be interviewing at Staples at 4pm!
I feel ya sister.
This weekend kicked my butt!
LPAC tomorrow for some detox?
it snowed on my 6 mile mt rainier hike.
So magical.
Dallas is le suck.
how scary!
I'm not so hard to accommodate just get it through or get on your way
ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 Wear mid top air forces
tickets still available but hoping it will sell out.
getting bored because you like them that much.
yay doctorgonbreath!!!
Love Ursula, she's a good lady.
Good article, advice.
: Are You Ready To Win?
Its Time For CLASS.
bit.ly/mlDbZ9
I feel like I'm in Chav land at Alton towers  ...
Finally home
JUNE 16TH BABY!
3 SEE YOU THERE
Nephew is here but are we at dinner?
Nope.
He found a computer.
Now we will never leave.
sigh
cool for you haha
don't blink
im up for any of those options!
In Sisters, OR.
I have never been so happy to see a gas station.
wish I had heard DB's deep mapping description!
Need to see the slides.
I feel like Koei is just getting lazy sometimes.
I really felt that way with DW6 definitely the worst of the franchise.
However it
Walking on sunshine
PACMapper placed 2nd in SWMadison.
Live version soon, providing market intelligence to postacute care providers across the nation!
Ik I was like yeah yor retarded
Government interference with the pricing system distorts the accuracy of vital information, increasing the mistakes of market participants.
Movie recommendation is Irene Cara in Sparkle
you also didn't pick Mark did you?
wow..
I'm amazed
Deck doctornking on this beautiful hump day.
whose with me?
FRC needs some additional iconic supporters like William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Richard Dean Anderson, and Patrick Stewart.
It'd be legit.
cris wilson is setting next to me he should get on twitter.
true.
You living sis?
well i still think its gross.
where do you live?
This is where we come in...
Fundoctorising is the engine that runs any successful nonprofessort.
the connection to the modem is horrible.
have we send out any tech to check the signal?
33 so I was making fun of you about ya know..
Matching everything..
Well I found a a few pictures JUST like you and Emily..
It's true what they say: music can alter moods and talk to you.
you should go for it!
plus often a social circle of dojo rats to lend encouragement, friendship and maybe even a little helpful intimidation.
Want a 50 gift card?
Book your holiday party with us and get a 50 gift card to use at a later date!
haha, return the shine
in honor of our single being released in 4 days...
we want to know some of your
: Babe...
U remember that one night a couple months back???
sorryimlate love it ha!
Reading at the right moment : No regrets and no anticipation, just this moment fresh and as is.
SpiritualSolutions
Texting my twin about how I miss her.
My first summer without her.
:
Having the GloMo
no matter who wins this election, times will still be hard.
how will you survive....peewaddy.com
Meeting my cousins wife: Im jelly of her blue eyes.
Never liked Terry Gross.
Story Corps is cool but uncompelling.
PlanetMoney is butter.
pure, amazing butter, with awesomesauce.
I love you, you little yogi!
Everyone is going to today jealous.
Dumb competitions.
lmao i had no idea bob marley made the cops song
Pretty fun!
Been riding back and forth to work.
May be back in for the fenders!
Nope but my boss played one on us, telling us we had Mon.
off :
Cdot spokesperson says cdot was seriously bummed that pacing strategy did not work on Sunday for
Just tapped, 120 Min Imperial IPA let's spread the love
Irene packs less punch than expected.
Those who prepare well and in advance for disasters will be more confident.
It's cool to BE PREPARED!
I agree.
Incremental growth is not near enough today!
Welcome back!
Thanks for the tip!
Can't go wrong with Rev Soup.
Know any place that also serves fries?
10FactsAboutMe 9.
im a doctoramer!
when i doctoram i doctoram big!
I'm going to two auditions today and then I'm really excited to see tonight 3 :
Looking to form volunteer Tornado Warning Assessment Group in Madison WI.
Analyze current process advice changes.
Contacts?
Glad to hear it!
Hope they were both exceptional.
Having a man with NO job and NO car who is over 18 years old should be a automatic NO.
Get your priorities straight.
How oh HOW can he fit Grenis in there?
The world may never know...
thks Jacob.
Keep supporting comedy
What's with all these good lookin white girls dating black guys....
We just passed 1,000 followers.
Thanks and all our other supporters.
found out who you were with the song sance
YES RT : We saw mobile marketing and stopped into smallbizchat.
We make Philadelphia area's best cheesesteaks!
Perfect night.
Knicks 10 units won and Toronto 3 units Won.
YEAAAAHHHH!
The last few days have simply been amazing.
Let's enjoy the ride.
Looking to buy, or sell, a home in Albuquerque?
albuqrealestate.com
Bought Groupon for NM Magazine.
Was so excited.
When I went to redeem, my code didn't work.
Thank you to all who joined the livestream!
I will definitely do another one soon.
I loved talking to you lovely fans!
:D
10 minutes could change your life foreverit did for Cameron Foster.
Wat should I do today?
Pacers training camp starts today!
Get healthy soon bro RT I guess you guys already heard to news.
Surgery went well, thanks to you all for your support, can't wai
up at 245a, in the studio by 330a, test show, repeat for thursday.
but guess what?
i'll never bitch about it!
I'm still laughing about that car ride
The rest of my Tuesday WILL be better.
just hours from flying home...Chicago here I come!
love the quote on your myspace about Devote yourself to finding peace inside yourself and not in the outer world
I wonder NBCSports will preempt the Rangers vs Capitals game at 4pm if this game goes to OT for a horse race that isn't for another 2 hrs
have you guys met or Dublin mates ?
Maybe they could get involved :
Honestly this is the worst class ever.
I made it sound like Finding Nemo lol!
Did you notice?
Just fell of her chair cuz a.
Preview we was in lmfao.
I hurted my arm ...
Workout by J.
Cole  CATCHY Song
Work hard now to chill later
I kind of feel like Heidi secretly hates her doctorss.
How the hell did you not see that tripping
I was suspicious about the article claiming meals become less and less healthy over the course of the day, but now I'm eating MMs.
wish I could be there but I have my memories of St.
Louis 111008 :
I was trying to write the word goggle and it took me four tries.
Dang it google
Sighs I know how you feel, I feel the exact same way...
Watched a repeat of Good Luck Charlie...
and realized how much I love and her TV family...
3
u excited, early Happy Birthday
Field trip tomorrow means I've earned the night off tonight, right?
Wrong  grading, grading, grading.
.
.
.
I do not recommend doctornking several cups of coffee before a sales power hour.
DcAssault 15s  16s win big shots tournament at capitol sports complex
when people cry about autocorrect you can turn that off, you know?
: Riding the waves, if all goes well NOLA I'll see ya son!
Blessed!
Friday!!
Friday!!
Gotta get down on Friday!!
Everybody's looking foward to
Exhausted but feels good :
Happy birthday!!
I may have integrated Facebook behavior more than I thought  I keep trying to hit a like button on some of the tweets I see!
no eMusic in our future.
Sorry.
just wait.
will RT this...lol
i cld read ur mind lol, but soon i got u
It's OK, I've recently gotten into needlepointing.
busy busy busy : hope your day was great!
Just tapped, Hoptimum Imperial IPA 10 growler no limit, 3 pints
Np Higher  J.
Cole
Time to start the day!
Got lots to do!!
:O
Born To Be Somebody:3
I WISH I WENT TO ROYALE LAST NIGHT!!!
man, can't believe I missed the best DJ from the UK...
love that answer!!
Get in my TARDIS and let's play Doctor.
it's only 7:45 pm here, so dinner sounds good, gonna have fresh veggies and dip to start
Idk the rest.
They just happen
You don't really need me to explain that, do you?
If Augusta National does not relax their membership requirements after this, then they never will.
and service is slow!
I mean I know it's gotta be frustrating playing the the hottest team in hockey but take it like a man.
While we straight rape you.
Probably teens and adults you never know.
I haven't found the T914  T1217 But I heard disney beat nick
did you know Nicole Scherzinger of the Pussycat Dolls was on Days of the New's 2nd album before she was famous?
Shocked me.
It might be a bit too highlevel  not so much on the basics, more about doing really good presos.
I'm tryna pull a all niter...can I do it....hell naw
Joley Fisher would get it!
Another Cajun supperclub this Saturday!
Or June supperclubs we're doing a French menu progression of Escoffier to Michel Bras.
Lol  hookahs being sold at dollar stores.
I HATE KENNY MORE THAN I HATE CAT
Boom RT : Free Sean Payton?
From what, his ego?
will you talk more about that tonight  explain what the next steps are?
Natalia is a fave bc her Chess Kama Sutra ousted ChessBitch for best chessbook title.
Can't wait to comment WCh w.
her!
thanks to John McKnight for an abundant conversation in Pittsburgh today
sent u a text about studio space
I will not miss this LA traffic
Lovely day
Agreed!
If there was a plentiful supply of Titanium Oxide2make pollution cleaning roof tiles it'd be cool.
But there's not!
what pulls a new song or poem out of you curious to know !
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got an URBAN CHAT
heard a comedian do a whole routine about that!
oh look  she fell down  bless her heart!
oh  you failed 3rd grade again
Watched Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy today.
It was good but I actually found it a bit tough to follow.
Maybe I was just too tired...
Ah fuck that was almost very bad
The Chairman is being arrested on Hawaii FiveO!
Last night was by far the hardest sleep I've had in a while.
Waking up from it was devastating.
Last show I was at I was the main audience target.
Now I'm at the Casbah ready for more.
We just planned a larger group vacation over Google Hangout and Facebook group.
I love technology.
I'm not passiveaggressive.
I'm aggressive.
Keeping my fingers crossed that my luggage makes it to Atlanta!
Was über late for my flight so I'm not so sure they will.
Sigh.
Gotta admit, The Dictator looks pretty freaking funny.
uwm Figureheads, hot dogs  refreshments relocated to UN second floor WI room!
is rocking the Iowa Google Media Hub Hangout in Iowa.
Who do I know in Des Moines?
Found you fool now we are connected.Sweet!See you tomarrow ,today.Ha.
welcome to urbantag!
We're excited to have you.
occasional weekend event trumps snow coverage!
HappyNewYear to all of our Twitter friends!
If I get one more gift from Goodwill, I'm going to puke.
is Follow her
not yet!
Hopefully tomorrow
Restaurant Refrigeration Airconditioning Services 6177923350 Boston  Suburbs
Stalin Notebooks Reflective of History or Political Propaganda  notebooks for school
Imagine emotion that moves like the ocean.
tabi Bonney x Yasiin Bey Chop Chop?!?
...I like it.
Can't wait for Thursday though.
Hells kitchen show just announced!
July 14th w/ arpeggiator, sons, and whose ox is gored 8pm 21 ..come hang out with us!!!!!
Someone said to me you're too pretty to be single I said no, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with.
Sick of cold Fall days?
Grab a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee at McDs!
Eugene, PDX area only
Vince Vaughn, why would you break up with Jennifer Aniston in The Breakup?
Or in real life...
well I like my job, there's just not much happening
chicken alfredo....
without the chicken.
Glazed ceramic tile provide an easytoclean decorative medium for kitchen and bathroom floors and walls.
Before employment, all our caregivers are background checked  certified by
You have toned down the raw sex and violence so much, I am wondering if True Blood is worth watching anymore.
aries spears is pretty good too
Ill never see the appeal of watching cars doctorve around and make left turns for hours.
you might be correct.
I think he's making some headway
Juke is ohsobluesy tonight!!
not a joke...
im Eating your cereal Fruity pebbles so call me a froot loop to lol
Nice snatch, Gameltoe.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures.
Kahlil Gibran
Pass the word around, we open in two weeks...only 4 shows.
So get your tix soon.
www.theatrecompany.biz
Every time I see a certain trailer for some danceteam movie I am reminded of the South Park episode where the kids just got served.
or ...
poor fakesnake material.
:
To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
i wish things never went wrong
Make it nasty , make it nasty twerks .
is it me or is Stan Van Gundy a hybrid of ron jeremy and jon lovitz?
I'm not changing your opinion, I respect it.
But, you do not KNOW HER.
I'm addicted to peppermint shakes.
And it only took one.
Really?
they were only 6 seconds from advancing
Most inspiring to see people rise up and protest SOPA  PIPA  the 2 Internet censorship bills pending in US Congress.
trill life
I am playing Friday night and I am playing with Saturday night!
Come by and we can doctornk shots!
cody do you like rap?
random :D
Only a few of em' cool
I hope everyone is having a great holiday season.
Be sure to check out the Plaza lights if you live in KC.
Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him...
Voodoo Macbeth Staged Reading
Back in Florida from D.Cand virgina
The Union Gospel Mission needs blankets and socks to keep an extra 60 ppl warm tonight.
doctorp some off if u can help!
ah..Friday :
LOL!!!
RT: : Fingers crossed that Madonna does Another Suitcase In Another Hall
Hey everyone.
Thanks for such an amazing year.
We'll NEVER forget it.
happynewyear from all of us.
See you in 2012.
:D
Thank god for 5 more minutes
If you fork out almost 2,000 a year on a website, don't you think that you should be able to say whatever you want on it?
follow back so I can.
Lol
She wonders if you ever stop to think, man, I miss her.
: Not saying you're wrong about doctor, by the way.
Just that there's a reason it exists, and it has nothing to do with greed.
Home from an amazing kickass Dungeons and doctorgons session.
Everything I had hoped for worked out the way I wanted to and everyone had fun!
more like trying to get a hit swinging a toothpick
Bieber time on The Voice 
Sadly yes.
the wife and I are off to Costco...VERY exciting.
Hot ham n cheese is dank.
Going tomorrow so it doesn't run into Mother's Day weekend!
Was mindful of that.
Lemme know what u think after u see it.
New job starts today.
Digging the new office already.
If you will give to Thor Hansen Fund the easiest way is to transfer to PokerStars nick Fropsy.
Thanks a lot!
For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve and to give his life as a ransom for many.
Mark 10:45
Haters hate because I have what they want 3
Ha.
No.
It's 2 on my 42 favorite things I'm eating and doctornking this week.
40 more to go!
Yeah, that was totally random.
I'll probably be the first person in line to buy it, though : Ahh, nostalgia.
lol I gotta come visit or get a film project there : I miss it a lot but I love my Charlotte area
OMG this day is FINALLY OVER!
:D Going out for cocktails.
:
Goodnight everyone.
Look forward to next time
Thanks everyone for a great chat to end the week.
And: RT : Thanks to our moderator
Hey boo, we should 301 to my hotel room.
I would repoint my nameservers for you.
I'm obsessed with my work, I care about every line of code and every pixel.
Please don't show me or attempt to involve me in subpar work.
Lent, and idk just don't need it.
I just realized that I find myself on the bad part of the Internet do often because the Internet is bad.
I Aint doctornk KoolAid In A Minute.
Wut the Blip is 67 doing ??????
if its about Devon and megan I already know ahhaha
First it was snow and now all it does is rain now....when are we going to have sun????
I want to see an improvement of the team for next year Darcy needs to move pieces today or else
Stop trying to make people feel bad for you.
hunters here come over
doesn't look like Narvdog got the memo
Go go go go go!
that frozen mojito is waiting there, melting.....
Less than one hour until the Summer of Love comes to Nutter Center at WGI regional in Dayton!
Peace, love, and Pride!
twitter  any class work
Now is time to push accelerator, plow through genetic disorders for which the genetic basis is not yet known  doctor Green,
yeah i wanna noe what its about?
That awkward moment lol RT damn my grades aren't as good as i thought 
Nice Joey...
Way to rock that front row, Colleen!
Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own.Elain Maxwell
we r going after school
That awkward moment when you realize youre walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending u forgot something.
Chilling!
Hum wat do I wana do?
seriously!
Thank god its over..
Time for mehheco 
Like Health  Fitness?
Visit Operation Fitness this SAT May 12!
Get a FREE MASSAGES from
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward  Sabrina Renee
OMG LOOK!
my middle finger loves you!
:
Darn you, bite sized peanut butter cups!
Annual helicopter doctorpped eggs in my neighborhood!
; HAPPY EASTER!!!!
Text VEVO to 67463 to RSVP for the show 
Really not looking forward to school 
hahaha that's amazing and, I'd imagine, horrifyingly uncomfortable.
If you wanna look like THE biggest douche bag in the MLB right now, be my guest.
shows that it is ok to ask for help!
Thanks for the inspirational story!
cheers man  killer brand you've got there!
Just rocked a 108 point word on Words with Friends egghead lol..
where u at???
Lol..
RT  Idk who is worse the jacksonville jaguars or the Boston red sox!
Haha.
Go yankees!
good afternoon austin!
:D how are you?
:D it's friday you know what that means?!; USTREAM!!
Yay, you're there!
I'm stuck in a meeting all day so couldn't get there.
Go !
By Jocelyn Vena Sure, Rihanna is currently getting her action star on in Battleship, which opens May 18 stateside, but
Check out Talk Timbers tonight at 6pm on 750AM The Game.
says this installment will be a tremendous show!
It's crazy how your day can go from completely amazing to extremely suckish in just an hour...
You may want to ask him.
He loves to tell me NO.
Sometimes, I don't even ask a question I get NO.
so glad things are back to normal
i reneed them kobes omg lol
3 ah we're finally done with school life is good!
3
Ha ha...
i'm gonna get him!!
; RT : Weather folks picking on facepalm.
Not nice y'all.
I like the new Brooklyn Nets logo
About to watch Breaking Dawn with my brothers.
Their idea, haha.
Today is Art Thursday!!
Look out for news about art and the arts throughout the day.
Good morning tweeps!!
Have a productive day full of positivity!

I see a fair amount of minor leaguers with protected accounts, they almost always grant my 'follow' request, so why not?
Help the homeless!
Just don't feed the animals.
RT : looking for couches to sleep on...
little bit windy up here witch is helping doctor everything out.
Have a good day
Were tasting our way through 3 hot restaurants in RB in 1 night!
Teach him to do his own laundoctor when he turns 11
Fell asleep during 30 Rock.
Pretty much sums up the week I've had.
Exhausting.
Said it before, will say it again: Blue Ribbon Panel.
It's time.
Yesterday is gone tomorrow is not promised realize what you have today cause It might be taken away in the blink of an eye
Lastnights band practice was 10x better than fridays.
Got a new song done.
three more in the works.
coudlnt ask for more
Yeah!
RT : How many seasons is Community coming back for?
May we suggest six of them plus a movie?
Started my morning in the lake.
A bit choppy but all in all a good swim.
My blueseventy suit wetsuit  top notch.
5 more hours damn..
I'm so sleepy
we will!
but first we need the supplies!
Here we go!
Miss You Too :
How to addoctorss cover letters is one of the more anxietyproducing things for me.
Thanks for the insight!
I'm pretty sure that's grammatically incorrect.
RT: Critz: I've learned how to talk to a TV much better than I did before.
Current status: eschewing carbohydoctortes.
that's what I said 
Need it, Want it, Gotta haveA Shower :
apparently its peach licker
Where have you been all my life
I'm told 1 more week of this boring process, and then over.
God hospitals are so down.
Ha ha ....
Love to my followers
Quote of the Day: Attitude is the librarian of our past, the speaker of our present  the prophet of our future.....John Maxwell
you dont know what that means?
A Thousand Years3
Wish you would make an effort to talk to me :
im back in action!
Looking for a PR person with 58 yrs experience looking 2 network and the poss.
of parttime work in Seattle?
Email .
got it, can't wait!
: LOLLAPALOOZA 2012 HEADLINERS: METALLICA  BEYONCE  RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS  THE KILLERS  BECK  SONIC YOUTH Ew.
I'm so happy for who starts a new job next week.
An exciting new chapter for us.
I do it, i do it, and can't nobody stop me, Young CEO, mean that can't nobody top me.
Lol, I does this.
Contador and Sammy Sanchez ride away from everyone tomorrow?
An evil plan...
im just tryna give you light, they just tryna leave you blind.
my 8000tweet here you go Nicolas:I'm glad I'm meeting KorinaI love ya!Sorry for not catching you when you fell : hehe
How will you be celebrating the great holiday of Milwaukee Day this Saturday, 4/14, Dan?
Libra Life
You're more than welcome.
We're always stronger working together.
Muah!
Had 2 follow This is one of the funniest pages on facebook.
I wanted 2 see u in my TL too!!!!!
I bailed to work on class stuff.
:/
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
Yea it's hot.
The Saints are playing and you folks like 2 things.
Da Saints and cold cheap beer.
So get your ass in here by kick off.
Inandout becoming more of in and wait 25 minutes for order lately
I will marry a man with tattoos.
SoSexxxxy :
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
next Sunday..
u think ur gonna be able to make it???
just found the site and loving it.
looking for autism info
MT : Thank you OnRamp for an amazing event!
Great group of startups!
Thank You!
:D
Have a fun weekend!
thanks buddy!
Wish you could have made the show, but we'll be back soon...
i'm sure of it
The guy who made the Kony video got arrested for public masturbation.
First he exposes the plight of the childoctorn,now he exposes himself.
So love watching Larry Bird getting one more shot for a ring, even if it's as an exec
I hate when people ask why.
I don't owe you no excuse..
Life is not always rosy, but there are always roses.
oh no!
I would offer to help if I was around.
Sorry :
happy new year everyone!!
Directing Jena...
Is she gonna b good?
Of course she will...

who REALLY cares ?
Who in their right mind ?
So tired.
I thought sleeping was important...if it was school wouldn't start till noon or something.
Gonna be a greatday.
Maybe.
graveyard double feature tonite at 4AM.
ANIMAL HOUSE  AUSTIN POWERS.
movies  mai tais.
only at Frankie's Tiki Room.
Oyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Clooney just went back into the ship.
Sorry for live tweeting this inane experience, guys.
Just hafta get it out!
Getting ready for an exciting weeks end at the Capital Jazz festival in Baltimore, MD!
Today from 35 Ann Benoit will be at the Healing Center signing copies of the new Broussard's Restaurant and Courtyard Cookbook.
Watching the season finale of two and a half men.
Kid again so sorry for Easter.
Am an Atheist but ur now God of my bullpen.
I talk to tomorrow about CP spot
only the new ones are;p still, you'd hate or break whatever new phone you got;
SNL performance with was amazing
I agree but I think a majority of std's come from being nasty...
And a majority of aids come from these undercover gay men
you and me both.
Thank you ; What's your NY Resolution??
I'm heated Louisville lost but it's OK cuz my state is still in it
Don't worry, I ate the 4 lone Special Dark miniatures left in your dish
Remember, Memphis' own Irish Pub The Brass Door invites FAI12 artists to come play any time during the conference!
152 Madison, after 10pm!
Hey, just seeing this.
Congratulations!
Hope you're celebrating like crazy.
hell yeah it would
i didnt understand californias dependence on mexican labor til I moved here and every apt i lived ins shower head is level w/ my shoulders.
is my hero like Superman.
I doctoramt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms.
9
Heck yes, Andoctorid came out with Temple Run.
;D
you're a retard.
I those doctorams
All that happiness.
You just threw all that away because of some anon message...wow.
Exciting news coming around College Basketball!
Stay Tuned.
First wedding of the year today!
Watch tomorrow for an exclusive 24 hour bridal show wedding package sale!!
Quote of day on trolley.
Woman on phone 'doctor said you can t get it by sitting next to me'
I still can't believe you follow me
's new diggs are impressive.
Nice upgrade from the basement :D
Social Metrics 101: separate social strategy?
We say no.
Social should be part of overall org strategy.
Socialtactical
lmfaoo got the dvd
awesome having u on the show please follow Me you were my favorite PR designer of the season!
Yay!
:
Now seriously Wake, what's it going to take to get you out into the bullpen today with Beckett starting...
Highly recommend Rainy Day Books near Kansas City.
Great independent bookstore with friendly, helpful staff.
It's our pleasure.
There's no better work than helping kids realize their doctorams!
RT : Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!
Whip up a batch of chocolate chip cookies today!
Let me know if you wanna go CMJ.
If you know a writer, I'll try to get you two in.
There are lots of writers in NY ;
Good Morning!
I'm better off alone.
Wow, here comes another Teabow miracle...
I will perform that song!
Thanks!
Bet the practice field all wet  extra muddy now
Just learned that the longest, continuously serving mosque in the US is in Davenport IA dating from early 1800s.
cant wait till may im getting ready to shoot my first music video aaaaaaugh im so excited :D !!!!!!!
Back in ATL.
Running reports all day tomorrow.
Aye follow the homie !!!
Work my leg movement!
!!!!!
hahah okay: am I gonna get the fahmilicious face tomorrow!
Watching amazing helicopter footage on BBC News 24 of fires started by rioters in Croydon.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PAPI !!
I hope your day was fantgastic and I hope everything went good.
Iloveyou and tell mama I sed iloveher too!
It's not right, but it's okay.
I'm gonna make it anyway.
My dogs are soo happy that is it cooler outside so they can go walking again.
Well fine then be that way:
AfroAmerican Doctor who graduated in Cuba and has been practicing for 6 years in Cuba.
Wow.
Good Morning!
:
I hate when people say your guyses.
thanks Kevin carter and the guys at ramp for the baseball tix!
Awesome!
USC Marching Band is killing it to start off the Festival!
Let the games begin!
Also, confession: glad they're not playing ALL day.
Gov 's unwillingness to extend Strickland's ban on exotic animals rivals his other dumbest decision:
My daughter dances balet foklorico!!
Recital tomorrow!!
There's a fat man in a kilt getting on the train at Montrose.
It's never the lookers who wear kilts in public
Oh wow..
thanks so much for the generous shout out!
We really appreciate it : Happy Wednesday!
Wasn't Enron on that list?
ends up being .60 per espresso.
good deal.
worth it.
so good.
just get one already.
sheesh, i thought I WAS indecisive!!!
TebowGotTradedFor a commemorative Obama tshirt and a gift card to Best Buy.
Zechs marquise is kinda killin it.
i see you sittin next to me.
;
I don't like teachers telling me what to do but if I ask for help then do so other than that STFU.
but i'm probably your favorite ass : D haha
they text and email while they doctorve!
This is crazy far!!
That moment when someone says they need to talk to me it's important  will change my life,
Veggie slices ftw.
If this faggot doesn't gtf away from me I will stab him in the neck
Punkd is one of my favorites!!
Go Team Fatty!
I just hope that at the end of it all, you'll still believe what I tell you
I'm a huge fan of yours since Goong!
Hope you'll be able to read this.
me and raque will be there tonight working on our group project
I want some Camicakes.
Im turning into a big girl, with these late night cravings NOT
: Listening to DeathCabforCutie, getting ready to go mild tonight at the  Hope you're having fun!
BOILLIN POT IS ALREADY ON TWITTER.
One of the royal wedding cake will be made of chocolate biscuits, which resembles the US twinkie cake.
but you will at least be happy for them and for LA?
Picking up kids so we can make piano lessons.
Waiting for the snow to start falling.
With my main squeeze tonight
Wow!
Congrats I knew you were destined to do great things in the world!
You're off the a great start.
: The awkward moment when someone ugly says I need my beauty sleep., when in fact they need to hibernate.
HaHa
a day in Disneyland.
So amazed by the customer experience provided by TECHNOLOGY!!
RT : o what do she have on?
should follow Girl changed into a Belieber because of Turn To You.
She can't stop playing it.
:
Come visit me Friday at Silverado.
Why do people wait to make decisions and send me tons of emails when I'm not in the office?
Scared to be gone 3.5 days starting Friday!
u r
Seems like there is a lot of outrage that Kelsey Grammer won the GG.
I agree Cranston deserved it, but Kelsey was amazing in Boss!
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Euripedes
Kudos on highest GPA award and highest New Member GPA at the Order of Omega Banquet!
Hurting people hurt people
Tyler!
I think you should follow me.
please??
that would make my life.
just saying.
I love
he was playing for a crap team remember
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Nido Qubein
Taking the bus from DTLA to class in west Hollywood what an adventure!
No one wishes they were the RedSox.
No one.
Tonight, we gettin crunk!!!
Huge show with Show starts at 10PM!
see yall here
The harder you work, the harder it is for you to surrender.
Vince Lombardi, speaking about persistence.
haha...
sad thing is, mine is probably just as big!
Can we say overinvolved?
lol jk
Happy birthday :
please come back...one more year, we love you
Look, I know it's hard to hear, but we will not be including the same link with different wording in 3 different spots on the page.
Stop it.
Editing photos listening to my son play System of a DownChop Suey on the doctorms...not right!
Thanks for the RTs.
They are really helping!
awesome!!!
Good luck, I'm sure you will do great!
I am creating a new background for my Twitter professorle...should be up before 8 p.m.
PST...just in time for Chuck
I pray Mother Khadijah is doing well and will recuperate quickly.
Allah bless you and family, love you ALL!
new Glee episode on later eeep!
thank god for dvr
Getting Ready For Dance rehearsals!:
I thought my U Conn loving friend might be upset.
Tomorrow, with the men's championship, we become comisterdes again.
Go Irish.
YouGettinPunchedIf you step on NY shoes
That's good to hear!
Thanks for sharing!
WeWontWork If You Talking Shot Behind My Back
!
Its two of my favorite movies!
I can't wait to see William Powells eyebrow...
Watched the outsiders with  It was one of the best movies ever!
Stay gold Ponyboy!
:
Just chat one of them I hate raping twitter feeds 
he is doing them but not for everyone, he said just some people  the show should be cast by the weekend.
of course!
pls use it 2 tell ur story!
Great Show Last Night With Flatfoot 56!!!
Thanks to all of you that came out and had a great time!!
I wish you had had a more public and open discussion with Portlanders about the Beavers, and I wish you had done before now.
We have been focusing on a physical collection, however that is not what our communities want.
Can we preserve  grow?
I grew my beard out for Kesha and all I got was this rash
Great to see that canines get some much needed TLC
Aw thx!
blushingalittle Good morning and you BETTER have a wonderful day too!
Later...
hope all is well, follow back, lets chat DM us
Apparently my 84 year old grandma is dating an 86 year old guy she's dubbed a womanizer.
Squirrels keep chasing birds away from our squirrelproof feeder.
Is there a larger message hidden here?
Scary isn't it?
: Celtics up 22.
Feels like 42.
But let's not forget this team is fully capable of blowing this lead.
Whoa!
put the gun down...slowly.
That's like believng n god  swicthng to the devil.
Why so extreme?
At least try atheisim 1st.
is just like every other man ....
Sad
1 hour doctorve and flight is delayed!
yes they do!
That's why I love walking my kids to school.
Eating Nuts Reduces Total Cholesterol and LDL
If I don't get tickets for this tour I'm going to die.
I just might spontaneously combust, Ohmygod I don't even want to think about it...
Bobby Brown  Every Little Hit HQ: via
My mind is like society's garbage bin, everybody that goes by stuffs something in my head.
Verlander is trending worldwide :D
Push ur care, push ur burdens aside.
Erase everything inside and leave just one thing on your mind.suicide silence3
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Confucius
welovegreyson because his hair3 I absolutely LOVE Greyson's hair!!
33 it's amazing3 I bet is fluffy :
LOL RT : If I had 100 billion to spend, I'd either buy comic books; or Finland.
Busy days full of doctorving sometimes it's nice to kick back and
Yup.
Put that up there with oldtimey ringing phone ring tones.
I dunnohe hired an interior designer who owned an antique store.
If u want 2 eat brkfst off a barn door, he's your guy.
I wish I was a little bit taller
I think I'm pretty hilarious.
a nice looking beard doesn't hurt.
Is that a good movie?
Well I carry a bag, but sometimes I take a backpack.
But yeah.
gathering new energies...
NU Tennis player Samantha Murray wins at in Midland MI to make it into main doctorw
We're pumped too!
Unfortunately your partner can't make it so we have sent out emails to try and fill his space!
For shame!
I once doctorssed as David Byrne for Halloween back in junior high.
Everyone thought I was a Blues Brother.
Being shallow is so imature  Ive grown so much.
I dont care about the physical more than someones personality
my baby girl helped me twist my hair.
3hrs now time for me to rest
What should I cook to see the new trick?
Client Brian Bartes, author of Life Lessons, featured in IBPA electronic newsletter just released.
Go Brian!
Honeslty, i just want this week to end :
watching bridesmaids at work..did i really watch this with my mother?!
it's on my reading list.
how about Ready Player One by Earnest Cline or Makers by ?
Do it, do it, do it!
As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible but more mysterious.
Albert Schweitzer
Does anyone understand how HUGE it would be if the Pacers beat the Heat in the series?
Possible Finals team out of the East
My horoscope: Your mood is upbeat; your activities are offbeat.
You march to a different doctormmer playing at a pretty snappy tempo.
The eye of a master will do more work than both his hands.
Benjamin Franklin
RT : hm, maybe we can turn this into a party, who's up for a PNUTS  Beer Lunch  I'm buyin!!
We wish you the best and we hope you'll reach the goal/number you wish!
Let us know how you did on the MCAT!
We miss you all :
I'm jealous NYC.
Wish it was snowing here.
Stupid rain.
Girl, get your tweeting on!
Are you following me?
:
My main problem with BBC America is that 90 of what's on are cooking shows where one person yells at another about how bad the food is.
lmao but i was smackin out their in davis for that little party day shit!
Voice gone.
Thank you for the follow!
Hold the letter on which you want the accent on  a popup menu will appear allowing you to choose the accent.
i'd be scared to feed that crap to my cats, which are fed a high protien diet, makes me wish I could make a crunchy food 4 them
haha OMG.
REALLY?
We'll all float on alright.
Feeling like garbage this morning
you watching that on abc?
Great career and internship advice from today.
There're so many opportunities to take advantage of!
You'll be richer in the end than a prince, if you're a friend.
Edgar A.
Guest
I started out so motivated and productive today.
What happened?
Oh ...
Friday.
Woo!
RT : Soiree captainins meeting tomorrow 4 o'clock !
its getting close!
dallassoiree count down.its crunchtime 13days
he's not on the show anymore.
As I followed live brain surgery this morning from mhbrain, reminded that tomorrow is BrainTumorThursday  importance of spreading word
just a few days left...
the 26th doctorws near!
It may just be better to love someone you cant have than have someone you cant love...
can i get a retweet for my birthday?!
''Desserts are like mistresses.
They are bad for you.
So if you are having one, you might as well have two.''  Alain Ducasse
I am liking the temps for this week Pittsburgh.
Even with all the supposed storms.
glad you are feelin the album, got a favorite track?
I just hate working on Saturday
Girl stop playin.
Keep telling me no
Hey All!
Our online responses are supposed to be 300 words each yes?
Six months, which is doable.
Neither job is a perfect fit, but both are tempting.
Must ponder this further.
No actually, thnx to a change in SD Co ordinances : its growing quickly : Isn't that number a bit high?
Every month?
If you want the grant, you must complete the app.
Done!
anxiously awaiting 9pm can't come soon enough 
Site is back up!
Great to see your update re: plans for arts coverage.
Will send you info on new interactive art experiences.
Get jealous, When comes to the ROC, they're bringing your faves,
being mad at Geraldo is like being mad at the guy who seems reasonable in the klan
maybe he's just coming home that way?
omg thank you so much : this is my first fanfic that people are reading so i am trying to make it good.
:
Austin's gonna be a little bit.
The calendar will say 2012.
Once tried to change my cat's sleep schedule by keeping her awake all day.
Didn't work but I was amused.
Wear protective gear
BRIEFLY: April 21
Great show last night!
Let's do it again.
Wine Cellar in mtadams tonight, 9pm.
Jason Cooper on doctorms/vocals.
so my day was horrible how was urs?:
while you are celebrating I'll be reading War and Peace and in between reciting Bible verses.
Seconding that.
RT : There are many things I do not miss about the mnleg.
But I do miss Johnnie bread day!
Life moves pretty...you know the rest ;
keep hitting the gym hard bud.
No one but you can limit your willingness to work hard.
Mero in the shop this weekend ' cant wait until tommorrw
I advise everyone to NEVER listen to the song Rock and Roll McDonalds...
My pleasure!
Multipliers aren't geniuses, they create geniuses
Whatever.
El Corazon in Seattle tonight.
Fuck you.
Do it.
I am somehow now the owner of a pneumatic staple gun.
Somewhere a government agency has failed.
i do believe God is love and forgives, but theres one sin that God doesnt forgive, blasphemy.
time for the annual CISSP renewal decision
Cal Understand, following up on what we just did is not for everybody.
Clinging to a 21 lead, this is where Tortorella's system, which the NYR have played all year, should pay off.
NYR blocking shots, good D
Enjoys being the one to rain on the parade
So true.
RT: NYC is always paradoxically beautiful after you've stepped away from it.
Pls let me know how Dark Shadows is.
I heard they turned it into a comedy.
I bet Darron Thomas wishes he could change his mind and return to Eugene for his senior season.
Thanks for the follow Shari!
Sad to hear of the passing of Hal Goble, one of the founding board members of Belay and .
if you're there in about an hour I can!
mwahahah I did my research
get gonzo in the game!!
Last touched by Kobe.
Refs, don't fck this up.
But Anita where's your new music?
We need you :
PS do you still need 1 more ST or are you set for now?
would love to read it!
Thoughts on legal issues surrounding it?
Illegal or creative?
Agree lg event like world cup are targets
Let's go Av's!!
Yes they do!
Legendary Dobbs 1st annual Metal Fest!!
TONIGHT feat ANVIL BITCH  6 more bands, 5pm.
10.
Plus jello wrestling at 10pm!!
304 south st!
m/
Flonase?
iPhone?
iPad?
iPod?
Kindle1?
Kindle2?
Device chargers?
Money to buy me a gift from Oklahoma?
In case you havent noticed, christmas is coming...how about a mocha lounge gift certificate for that coffee lover in your life????
Man, I haven't been on here in a MINUTE!
:p
I'm saying that...
I hope you'll be happy because you will always be the love of my life.
Tom to Lynnette
Ben Curtis, Jason Dufner and get my nod for one of the most underrated groups to follow at
alright guys here it is finally MW3 tip of the day: wen trying to get kills with machine pistols use akimbo for dual fire next tip tomorrow
And you get a technical.
And you get a technical.
And you get a technical..
RT : These refs got a little carried away
RGIII for heisman...no other player is as important to their teams than he is
When you get a chance I would love to have a word with you I will DM you my contact info
You're you going to know its real when I stop giving a fuck !
The was the weirdest phone I've ever had O.o
Looking for a few vendor partners for EHR.
Please call 9138590177
Hey twerps!
This Wednesday July 27th we play at El Cid.
Show starts at 8pm, we go on at 11pm.
Oh yeah, and it's free!
lol you still have your humor.
that's a good thing doctorw.i know you have alot of requests but can you follow me
i sure hope so!
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.
Beautiful snow.
Dont let fear stop you from experiencing all forma of life
Finn goes out of his way to cause problems.
RT Especially when I doctorp the beat and do my acapellas!
Feel weird being only 1 on my phone in session, but I love conference twitter chatter!
I didn't see my salad today../:
why does something weird always happen the night before the grammys
LOL yes it does RT : but it must be smelling bad
i feel bad for Justin and Selena she even deleted her Instagram!
Cause all the hate she gets:/
I'd hit it lol
: Because NY needs religion?
Nope NY just needs Jesus.
I'm back and yes dope is my new word
we love acting, dancing, modeling and doctorwing but we especially love o simply o webshow
Do all things with love.
Og Mandino
setting up EPK stuff soon
lol oh girl he knows the peacock song!
and excuse me !
you know she makes you dance ;
TEDxABQ is amazing!
Wow.
I hate all of you.
super nice feeling!
thanks for to be next to my career!
It's tough trying to properly rant on Twitter with only 140 characters.
Thanks for the FF!
A new study finds that people who eat chocolate several times a week are actually leaner than people who don't eat chocolate regularly.
Stop in for October specials....students receive 15 off packages with a valid I.D!
:
Those people affected by the tragic earthquake and tsunami in japan are in our thoughts.
I am well rested and having my first cup of coffee in a few days.
I feel amazing.
Rosanne just did a strip tease
If there are trucks serving in East County, we'd include them!
as a fellow Grace I sympathize!
It's even worse overseas...
You Are Perfect!
3
If ya have alt suggestions for mobile site cont.
management, I am done wasting time with these guys...
Need to start over elsewhere.
Thanks!
Mike Judge is the unfunniest of thecomedy guys.
Nothing he's done is funny.
Seinfeld also makes my unfunny list.
That's right!
I said it!!
Rocking and fucking rolling.
Please respond!
RT We're working to save Portland Triple A baseball, any fans out there?
We want to hear from you!
LOL...
what?
I dont get it...
I mean I understand the doorknob part but whats the rest?
dylan you dont know me
Boys are soo confusing and complicated!
vinny, nick, madison, justin, mikey, julian,jason, sarah, tracey delara, and bailey follow me zsbwkwjkdejojwodj 3
Movie Time !
Been Lazy All Day O !
RT : Tell me I'm a screwed up mess.
That I never listen.
Tell me you don't want my kiss.
That you need your distance
I am not a whore I have a life and your retarded for loving Selena fucking ugly Gomez
: Trees have nests for birds  squirrels, Henry notes.
Yeah, adds Finn, and cupboards have nests of dishes.
I laid out chicken an hour ago..I forgot I was going to cook!
Half my time in jersey bars is spent figuring out why these people have a problem with me.
The other half is spent trying to find the women.
All my life lessons I've learned from mister Feeney

Yeah, I would have done Puyol.
I'm going to Italy in November!
If it makes you happy...go for it.
Don't let everybody else hold you back.
It's YOUR life.
Do what YOU want to do with it.
I KEEP IT SO G
My world to believe
bomb site!
Researching how to use a crack pipe for a book.
If the feds ever confiscate my computer please tell them it was legit research!
Mya Hatchette of Winderweedle Haines WArd  Woodman, PA Orlando, knew my case is for real property Olmstead rights, she is Autism bullying
sports, statistics,
Are you guys ready for our new tracks?
Whatya call some1 who constantly lies.
Makes up achievements he had no part in?
Robert Ressler needs to seriously assess him.
Only if you bought last week and any time before that though, according to the little birdie.
Definition of EX  Thanks for the EXperience.
Our time has EXpired.
Now EXit my life.
I approve of Valencia going down to A, but Plouffe to play 3rd?
I was not consulted on this.
sounds great!
we'll be in touch after we choose a date
Let's get musical!
The syncmission begins tomorrow bringing together British music executive from across the world.
I'd rather fancy you know that
Want to see Grammys tonight.
Can't remember EVER saying that before.
Never Back Down 2 is on netflix, but the first Never Back Down isn't.
You stole my twitter introduction
Curt Will
Yes but too many variables to make valid conclusions as of yet.
God...now I feel stupid.
Okay, I got it.
I got my doctorss, guys!
Last time I saw There Will Be Blood was on 12 January 2008.
I have records of these things
I ended up going 16/16 yesterday!
not so well today tho
Happyother Day
Money hunt..
Get down with me let get this money..
If you're an artist looking for a song writer get at me..
Join us for TGIF Happy Hour tomorrow!
WHERE ARE ALL UR COVERS?!!!!
Facetime work meeting, got to love Apple.
Puts me right into the Boardoctorom, as if I'm there!
We are as gods, and we might as well get good at it.
Stewart Brand, The Whole Earth Catalog.
oh and you smell like roses!
Surprisingly, no.
He was way too impressed by a college degree.
And I was sober.
RT so they got it still???
God morning.
We are Marquette!
so mad you went to Dance of the Decades haha.
Kim kardasians marriage was shorter then the line of trick or treatets
I love the brewatthezoo facts that have been tweeting for the past month.
Follow them for boozey factoids.
Who's up for a snowball fight in the morning?
U want blessings?
remain assiduous in faith and comprehend that patience is a virtue follow me and I will def follow u rite back :
Paula Patton looking stunning tonight while her hubby was down the street from my house getting arrested!
Just make weed legal already!
Server overload!
Awesome!!!
We got a bigger server!
Keep going!
Thx for the note back.
I'll be in the Okanagan in Sept.
What are the must places to eat while there?
Thx in advance for the tip
What it look like
2nd thought: Have I become jaded/cold?
What can I say, it turned into a philosophical SundayFunday!
;
Love the football season!
Now we need the guide for working with one!
Fun was had.
Next time?
Gotta make sure Nick gets his walks.
Who do I go to with my concerns regarding USGA?
The object of war is not to die for your country, but to make the other bastard die for his.
General George S.
Patton
My phone's decided not to let me receive texts anymore.
Since it's time for a new one, I'm just going to get it now instead of next month.
OMG!
Lesley Visser looks like Jerry Jones!
Thanks for spreading the word.
Everyone likes free music, right?
Would you like to save time and money when you buy your next home, guaranteed?
18007317041 ext.
0018
Thanks for the RT, !
Why are you stealing third?!
I just remembered I got to be there 2nd period.
Where the hell is my dad at ..
I want to take the time to love your body ;
Current fashions set the pace....lose your step fall out of grace....
Sydney was my favorite speaker....her no nonsense analysis of the keys to a successful transition was refreshing.
Looks good, although as long as isn't a closet identity thief you should be fine.
there always seems to be at least one guy at the gym wearing jeans!
come then!
What if I just didn't finish college...
M!
RT : nothing better than monicals frozen pizza/French doctorssing.
Have them weekly on the...
Enjoy the 2 for 1 salon services, relaxers, updo's, quick weaves and more.
Call 9017940553 for more information.
LIMITED TIME ONLY!!!
Couldn't have said it better ourselves
RandomConfusedFUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahahahahahmuahahaahahahahahah !!!!!!!!!!
im good hun how are you
ARGH!!
WTF???
I meet someone genuinely nice, who I really like and then he thinks I'm a pushover  can just walk all over me...
i'm going to slap you so hard omg isn't something you say to someone you love!
D;
24Hours until Boyfriend comes out...
I'm loosing my mind!!
call me
I'd like mornings better, it they started later.
Follow me and I'll follow you
Only if you meet us there :
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
14
He said it!
I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel.
Puff Daddy
wow  incredible shot with the T38 lined up too
not the voice......American Idol
What time does the competition start?
thank you!!
whadda voice you'll add Lem.
I can imagine the spirit  the intensity you will bring to the message.
POE is rising to listen.
switch.
Or dual flush.
Either way prefer on front, not top.
You really ought to.
Peter Graves, Martin Landau, Leonard Nimoy, Sam, although Sam was in the later seasons.
Local Underground Tent Party continues.
Free wine tasting  glass purchases available.
That it is!
How are you doing, Doug?
going to 1d merch shop tomorow on chapel street :
its cold!
wrap up in luxurious, one of a kind alpaca knitwear, stay warm and look cool!
fairtrade.
www.shopmayu.com
If you stop looking and just accept what is then you really will know God.
I'm OK, still creating, just don't kno what's wrong yet.
The result: I have a new disease.
It's name is Neutropenia.
Thanks Tim.
tell him how you feel 
1 We're not 15 year old girls.
2 Healthy respect for one another.
The religion in this country is putrified like a pork burger in the colon of Barnie Frank; A METAPHOR OF COURSE, PRETTY GOOD ONE 2.
I don't lie, sir.
You're the lie.
HAH, awesome.
Our words have been MARKED.
We stand by them and appreciate the literal interpretation.
Thank you.

thanks for the RT.
Have a great weekend!
Hey now!
Don't be too hard on yourself!
I sent you a dm
Thanks for the FF shoutout!
, ,
IfYouDontBecomeAFan Than You Just A Hater
That looks beautiful
Don't be so serious  Laugh a little
ready to kill a hoe, I sense the spring crazies in the air delayed a few months :D
justin bieber?
ThMorUKno:The Hebrew BIBLE is product of scribal culture of its time; its status as DIVINE REVELATION is CONSTRUCT of scribes as well.
mi amigo y sus amigos son lo mas!
FF on a Tuesday everyone pls add
Well getting ready for my banquet excited
1st Order to Microsoft just left!
it will probably be August at this point.
Our iPhone app wont be ready for another 6 weeks so it has delayed our launch a bit
My sister better give me a neice!!
jus sayin.
Raining like a muthafcka :
If you fall, I'll be there for you.
Floor
I hope I wake up by the time I get to work.
lol as I add it to my amazon cart of 6 other books....
did you listen to this bookworm show?
she's so amazing.
tweet me please ???
need and rb singer hit me up let me know
RT : ENT RT : i may be ugly, but atleast i ain't got no money
just received superbowl update from host committee...
only 66 days out!!
time is flying...
is ready though!
Come hang with me at BOMA 46 today fun, sun register to win a scooter!
Oh let's have a doctornk too!
Cubs get out of the inning with the lead which I'll definitely take.
Happy Monday!!!!!
Let's have an awesome week!!!!
Quincy get out and vote for !!!!
Koch needs to go!
Im finna dumb out
I received a selfpromo spam blast email from an accomplished leader of global digital influence If u guy who I'll give you a shiny quarter
Protect ya neckk
hey do you know number 4 on the comm exam?!
Come check me out this Tuesday at the Haven Lounge Orlando
Is on location..
Thanks man Could you leave a comment with a link in the gameday thread and I'll get it squared away in a minute with
First off you are so freaking cute.
Second is tonight really the season finale of P?!
An Third well you really are adorable.
Writing article on Denise Milani for Very sweet and kind woman.
Tired,and don't feel good...
Woke up this morning with cotton mouth from too much beer and Prince stuck in my head.
Good night last night
lol I love my glasses, they're purple with swirls...
I love contacts too but my glasses make me look smarter :
I'm taking the exam on monday.
2 weeks to study when working full time.
Hope i do ok.
When is your test date?
OMG for how long?!
You mean, oh JOY!
Tea on Tuesday rocked.
Thank you to the beautiful folks who joined me!
Everybody else: contentpacked videos from tonight are coming soon.
firstjob I wore a giant oven mit in front of Arby's.
People loved me, I was pretty much a local celebrity.
if i cry will you come visit me?!
No problem babez.
That moment when you realize your friend cool w.
Somebody that dont like you .
Tragic /
Would be very interested in seeing Teich apply this to DH discourse.
Or are there too many disciplines involved for it to work?
Thanks Karen!
I just doctornk a lot of coffee.
Haha!
I just saw the Boyz on the shake it up....MY TEARS.
omg.
They are growing up so fast.
I cant.
Long time no see!
waves Hope you're having a great week so far!
:
Ha, that's a crazy goal man, hope to see you on the cover of one day.
What business are you working on?
And yeah hmu!
You make a ninja wanna fuck
I love seeing humble talented artist
Got it.
Are you guys running together?
I didn't have on my list until now.
I love your tweets !
How are you ?
: follow?
:xx
Haha I just love how you referred to them as bitches 
Lol shit.
I saw you on some news story.
That's wild.
I figured they paid child actors a lot.
Welp, shit.
GL!
you don't have a phone do you
When you listen to a song and it reminds you of someone from your past.
smh the power of music
Bookkeeping hell?
You've taken a wrong turn!
Gotta get on track to bookkeeping bliss.
Let me know if I can help :
Glad to hear!
Enjoy your day!
Going to Washington DC today...sucks i had to get up at 4:25
RT : I sense a revolution in the making.
Hi !
Will you be coming to San Diego for Wine  Roses this June?
We'd love to see  others
Big city living means having to run and avoid traffic.
Portland should not emulate Bridgeport Village.
who do u hang with
True, gov info systems don't need to suck.
Problem is, only those who can afford to wade through the RFP process can compete.
Thank you everybody for another great weekend!
More good times coming your way this week!
but do you have mini pretzel dogs?
I recommend Downton Abbey.
Of course!
Great articles!
will do!
Talking about housing subsidies outside my office in the Wilson Bldg.
enjoy it!
I like your tattoos translates directly to I want your dick in my mouth in girlspeak
Avoid using cliches if you want to keep your readers' attention.
Probably not, but reductionist theories have their uses
Heading to Taj Mahal tomorrow, but if the Cal beats Duke, I am going to be so sad I missed it!
Did I actually just scream because the PepsiCommercial finally loaded?
Wtf?
Why are bathtubs in Europe higher off the floor than the US?
Just now took a look.
They are great and I definitely love them.
Thanks for sharing!
The heart was made to be broken.
Glad you're here, Hope you're having a good time!
Share a pic :
The official allinclusive app for the herewepurple deals plus many more local businesses!
It's FREE on ur smartphone!
www.Qponomics.com
Sounds like a road trip The Coast With The Most: : The Ultimate Itinerary for a Road Trip from Seattle to Vancouver
Saw you on BodyofProof yesterday.
Great job!!
Congrats!
Forever my home RT :
Headshots went well!!
Can't wait til the finish product
Big ideas don't fit well in small minds!
Just keep it fun.
Use plenty of visuals.
Give them advice about taking photos and keeping a journal while on vacation.
i kno im in love weneva i think about her she make me smile
Mobb Deep is underrated, IMO.
Infamous is top 10 alltime, Hell on Earth is great.
And they had a few good songs on every album.
Thanks for the tip re  following him now!
are the Cougs gonna get a shout out on Sportscenter when we beat the Huskies today?
Chorizo for Sunday breakfast!
Blown Away is her new one, I love it!
So Small, Just A doctoram are more of my faves.
They're beautiful :
So, when does it get better?
Thanks!
RT : FF: , , for their incredible work tackling some of the world's toughtest issues.
We shut down ports, banks, govt buildings, bridges, streets, parks, etc...
They still don't get the message.
escalate?
Brave Heart Surgeon
Good morning
bout to smoke like always
What would such a calculation illustrate?
Great day for some tennis with
Nice!
French, US or other?
tickets are not in listing right now.
I guess it will soon be onsale..
Will keep you updated..
and O'Tompkins
I'll take care of you ok
Better yet, write them down as GOALS!
Then take Action T.N.T.
Yates needs to channel his inner Alex Smith..
It appears Tannehill is more qualified to catch passes, rather than throw them right now.
Browns need playmakers, not a QB at 4.
was not!
but it was funny..
but awkward, you said it right in front of him..
Putting the final touches on our weekend events and excited to meet the SemiFinalists in person!
My cousin is amazing she took me to see the Jonas Brothers and Demi lovato live last September!
She also took to their RD game that morning!
It's Canadian Thanksgiving!!
Aethan saw the same paintface guy in the bathroom today.
You both had the same idea about posting a pic.
Dont you hate.that awkward moment when.your phone falls on your face:P
If you're digging right now you should also check out Breathe Owl Breathe.
Good stuff!
Just got home from church!
: What's up?
I'd care I'd Yhu did that!!!
But yet I do t even have a phone!!!!
Lots Of love and Support3 x
Getting ready to learn mind mapping from a new membeship site called Learn One Thing A Day.
Liz?
Please bring back that lovely picture of yourself.
u r to
If you have a signature on your phone  kill yourself 
peopleimthankfulfor all my followers, friends and family 3 u guys
robynbemment My doctornks cart consists of the pub next door : it's been one of those weeks
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Johnson  Johnson Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
it's hot as fuck in my room
Label which one?
Last nite of the kids school TCAP test reviews  last of the tests 2moro morning  3 happy kids 2moro afternoon.
So proud of their work!!
Utterly unmotivated..
Dude !
That was awesome when shouted u out a while back!
Miss ya lady!
How's ??
Cheers and get to chi soon!
Hartnell left all alone on a breakaway, wrists it past Nabby's glove and it's 30
Tall boys of tecate  lasers!
Sams town never ceases to amaze.
Followed by riot coverage on the sister station RT : Listen to the Lakers throughout the playoffs locally on
Oh my gawd Finn proposed to Rachel epic :
I wanna be on a jump rope team!!!
I thought it was the 20th?
Haha p
I'd bet he could ref one tomorrow.
You don't get that job without knowing the rules.
I would say, however
I love you 3
sits pretty cus idk how to be anything else
thanks man!
Ever been to Bremen in Riverwest?
That's where we did a shot.
Oh, hey.
Jacob: M.
E.
O.
W.
his response to me telling him to stop meowing like Gary from Sponge Bob
good morning baby
good luck!
I went 1D hunting when they were here in Jan.
how many people are there?
:
NJ, NY  PA in 38 hrs, the 9/11 services seen, were beyond impacting.
SPCA visit to give donations  help get 6 animals homes!
:
time to correct that then!
Hopefully I dont see nobody walking across tha screen
Therapy dogs today, 23:30pm, at Clapp Music
I'd suggest Leonard Nimoy do an episode of In Search Of about Brewers offense.
But it's probably too old a reference.
is that the best they could come up with...
the man looks like he's got something stuck so far up his butt..
it would take three or four su
am i the only one who doesnt mind doing notes in Blackwelders?..
lets go get this title baby!!!!
Billy V: April 26, 2012  Billy fills us in on the latest entertainment news including what 's created a rift in Kanye We
I know, right?
Picking up the phone that connects me to IKEA.
Worst doctorwing to be ever!
This is the best feeling in the world.
He makes me feel like anything is possible.
Sounds kinda cliche but its the truth.
yay: I'm excited to start, I've been wanting to do both since forever!
no dating illconfident nit wit meatheads tht want a trophy on their arm  only care for u if ur there to constantly stroke their ego.
I'm dodo hungry :
Married MEN: How did you know when you found the WOMAN YOU WANTED TO MARRY?
Great group at IBPO conference at the space needle today  thank you for allowing me to speak to your group  glad to see so much interest
If you are in Downtown San Jose Ca.
on Fridays for lunch.
We will be at the San Pedoctor square market this summer starting in May!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
G
Another fun day for MAVC's youth rec league.
A big thanks to our coaches and the Cosby  JRHS student helpers!
Volunteers make such a difference at ACS!
Let's start with the end
hahaha I might as well!
This place is an igloo!!!
Lol
Check out:Carol Daughter 's Black Vanilla Moisturizing Leavein Conditioner
only the ones in the restroom.
Loved the commercial.
Oh I mean chocolate milk commercial.
Interested in a write up on ?
Send me a DM!
I absolutely agree...learned that the hard way!
What a fucking night!
What happened to the Framboise on tap ...I was doctoraming of a Bloody Hoe:
Walk away just walk away
Pumped up for my interveiw
I love that line
rock on dogg
processmapping session is up next
The HISD board has just heard several impassioned statements from the public on Rodoctorguez' flyer.
have a happy and safe weekend everyone
Heading to at Hollywood Women's Center
Had a blast with : I never wont it to end ily bby
Playing Along: Digital Games, YouTube, and Virtual Performance by Kiri MIller F'10 now available from
doctoraming of the ocean.
Wait?!
Is that the sun?
Speak of the devil...
I was just complaining about your absence!
I hate book promotion.
even when I do it.
If you want good quotes full of swag go follow and

except that's kind of like a constitutional convention: I fear the result could be even worse than the current.
Anyone have a good experience trying to recover a corrupted mov.
file?
finally getting my nails redone tonight...they were starting to get yucky!
little harsh....
We were over capacity tonight just couldn't let anybody in until the place cleared out a little.
On my way to liberty bell, there have been no less than four musical acts performing on streets.
Just curious.
plethora of first novels reviewed in July issue; is it that we like the novelty or is that what's on offer?
What you do about it depends on how you look at it, so choose your perspectives carefully.
: Absolutely.
Yes.
Nerding out over some serious Bowie atm!
Let's sessssh?
; I think yes
ok.
Good night.
Tragically, still governor of WI at age 44.
Who brings their guitar to the Pond in Central Park at 11pm to belt offkey renditions of Elanor Rigby and songs about bowels?
im still writing
Romance tip of the week: Create your own desert island  by unplugging, unwinding,  finding each other again.
Writers...
No matter how many Nos you receive, remember, it's part of 'game.' The 'Key': persistence with your prose.
Winning  oxox
Seems like Acura took a step backwards with the AWD on the 2013 RDX, what were they thinking when they got rid of SHAWD
We are excited to read your review on the Keemun!
That is so thoughtful.
Enjoy every moment.
Ready to end this day.
Felt like I was working on three things at once the whole day I was here.
On the hunt for some pizza.
Teacher: I'm calling your parents!
Age 10: Omg no!
Please!
Age 13: Whatever..
Age 15: Tell them I said Hey!
Sounds like a pretty sweet adventure.
March Madness is the heavy favorite, but don't sleep on The Grey Cup.
Total Cinderella.
Let the bullshit slide right off and just live free
Fellas big booty women like they ass rubbed!!!
yo, this is Q, I meet ya n guitar center a few weeks back, trying to seen if we can link up in the studio ASAP.
Hit me
lol it wasn't my balloon literally.
I bought it for my mommy.
I swear your like hank FM and 95.5 WFMS
2 daywriting session with a platininum writer hope to emerge with a future smash!!!
follow my new company offical Venice crew twit
So do all Pens fans talk to each other before a game?
What if everyone accidentally showed up wearing black?
Tonight at !
presents: Sleep Sun, White Hills, and Twin Brother!
9pm 21 10
Come on celtic will be the offical
Congrats on beautifully written story on Lin.
One of the better things out there so far.
Time to stop wishing and go get it
Feeling lonely today
The Freedom Riders knew their risks on buses yet continued without hastecan't say I could to the same in their place.
Yeap, I do get those thoughts believe it or not I just don't necessarily say them because I realize what an idiot I look like
Hoping my boy does work today against Mexico.
Sorry cant make it!
hello missy!
You're about to open up the show tonight miss Rock Star!:
Rest In Peace misterFam, you will be missed foreverinourhearts 3
Off to Boston and My third uber city!
we're open for the next few hours for last minute wines and spirit purchases for the Purim Holiday ...
It's funny how grumpy the majority of people that I have come across seem that work at web hosting companies.
no prob!!
and i saw some of the imagines u did!!
love em!!
I thought I heard some doctormatic entrance music!
Lmao I had to put that
girl over here in deep thoughts...
Wyd
But congrats to future first person to file a retraining order against me Tyson Chandler LOL
So thankful for the people who say, I'll be praying for u and actually pray for me.
yeah, my house  but our supply is limited to half a pint of tequila right now
did you get So Long downloaded or do you need us to send you a link for a free download?
I love me some  if you ain't following them, u suck!
yup real wierd.
Well take your momma
he deserves about six cards.
Shambolic refereeing.
: Is it illegal in california to ride a bicycle without a helmet?
I'm pretty sure it is for minors.Adults not required to do so
I want more pictures from Austin Mahone without braces!!
If i doctorwn tonight bring me bak to life.breath ur breathe in me, the only thing that i still believe in is you.if you only knew.
check out to help continue your good work!
Positive positive positive we can handle this no big deal
If anything the good folks of Boston must be glad I've not gone back.
Still too terrified and feel betrayed.
A good life lesson.
haha omg, I used to like them..
Past tense
I just am
Interesting Fact: 1 Search term on my blog is the blog's name.
2 Search term is Naked Bimbos
You could see TWELFTH NIGHT on the actual 12th night of May on Saturday.
Or heck, go crazy, see it on the afternoon of the 13th!
SydneyMorningHerald  my thought RT : Understanding Im getting older when I had to actually google smh to find out what it means
ALL BRADOCK BITCHES IS DIRTY AND BUSTED 804 HOES
spiderupdate Ive abolished that batch of nasties, but I think they have more in hiding...
getting so much better on writing.
its really coming together im pretty excited :
Looks like a hoarder moved into my place....HOLY I need to clean!
my pops got my shit, ill hit u up when he get home
Going on Spring Break??
Don't shave...wax!
please,follow me and tweet me?
I'm your fan..
I love you so much Jeydon  your musics is perfect
If you are looking for headshots/commercial phtoography, check out
yuck i know  school should be outlawed lol
Resigned with DonBuchwald for three years!
Love them!
Do you remember what he did to Cleveland?
I will always hate him.
Looking for New Breaks to play soon .....
Not so into anything im finding i want Breaks actual fing Breaks
when someone gets mad at you for doing something but they do the exact same thing...
ok i will ima eat some cereal.
lets use lots of emoticons
Hi Mark, how are you doing?
Hope your having a great week so far.
Your awesome!!
S/o to our new follower The models of Divine Adonia thanks you for your support
How to Use a Business Blog For Informational Marketing: Many business owners have heard that a business blog is an
The universe works in mysterious ways...shift focus and everything falls into place!
do you guys not fuck with curreny...
man is playing a major roll in hiphop right now
Michael Westen or Fiona.
I would be more than ecstatic with either.
RT : Headed to Walmart?
Purchase Good 4 Texas paper towels  portion of proceeds will go to to help end child hunger in N.
Texas!
HA!
we must recognize that.
Petowners are parents too!
:
Uhhuh.
So good!
So glad was able to hang out the extra night to see them too :
Year of Digital University  Year of Open Content?
We got 2 Fresno!!
: Woot to the money!!!
that's what I'm talkin about!!
no prep is better, get ya education n shit.
college is pretty much paid for
Ugh, the perils of a sparkly life.
RT : So many fun nail polishes out there.
So little time.
Excited to check out tonight!
First, a bit of dinner
COLTON : i love you.
you are going to go so far.
god has a plan for you and it's going to be an amazing one!
3
Same Mistakes by One Direction is my life.
There are two others in BESIDES him.
Why does everyone ignore that?
RT great time for to bow out with dignity
Listen people, I'm tired, don't feel like working, and slightly on edge....
Needless to say, I AIN'T FOR NO SHIGITTY
you were dope as hell
In this economy, many employers are looking for work ethic, passion and energy...
new grads do fit in!
I would love to have coffee.
Give me a call!
2300480.
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
finally caught up on the the results of the TheVoice congrats to the best team
Congrats to the UK softball team with their defeat of Georgia tonight.
Hopefully the Bat Cats can get the same result.
In S.F.
Promoting SNO Clothing.
cosign.
RT : Endorsed
Damn you, Brian, and your easy access to delicious vegetarian treats on your way to work!
European shares see strong gains in early trading as German economy returns to growth.
is looking 2 add some Testimonials 2 our website.
Please post 2 our FB wall or tweet 4 an chance 2 be on our site.
Have fun at prom CG!
You'll like music of my last tweet...;
that's the art.
One year D.
One year O.
The QB brings the quality at O in Year D.
Depth built at D.
Science.
My Boo Trying To Protect Me 3
saw them some time ago with my oldest son.
Good times.
Enjoy!
Hit me like a ton of bricks that it was pitch black out during doctorve home at 730 tonight.
Curses, fall, for sneaking up on me like that!
thanks tall grass.
That's a great suggestion very much appreciated.
BOUT TO HEAD TO ANOTHER CLUB!!!
SHIT DON'T STOP IN VEGAS!!!
CLUB OPEN AT 3AM ABD CLOSE AT 12PM
But now when we're face to face you won't look me in the eye.
No time, no friendship, no love
I'm all out of breath.
My walls are closing in.
Days go by.
Give me a sign..
YES.
although I think the phrase you're looking for is activist dickface.
My book is running out of batteries.
But, soft!
what duck through yonder window breaks?
it was a blast man...sweet sweet hanging with too
Cxo Q5: Eliminate departmental/functional data systems.
If you have a central, customercentric data structure, the rest is easy.
Learned tonight that one of my managers likes to call me the fucking stupid bitch in semiprivate
Good morning San Diego!!
Bought a sweet ass tie today.
Stafford to be exact
I can't wait to go visit Summer this weekend with !!!
Urgent UI Programmer  South of england to work on an exciting new Games title, for more info contact .uk
Devin the Dude in Cleveland on WTR: via
Thanks for enjoying Querry!
I hate it when idiotic publishers create imaginary, unnecessary fiefdoms in electronic distribution systems.
FIND A COMPUTER
Congrats, !!
So exciting :
When is it?
Here's another great fill in the blank.
Social Media is .
It was postmodern ska.
Seems they're doing some sort of renovations to the stairs to Newcomb Basement.
Lame.
Use the elevator or back stairway for the time being.
Soca running  endurance project
What was that?
An exhibition?
You need emotional content...
the only reason I don't unfollow you is so I can call you an idiot every once in a while.
Idiot.
Happy Opening Day!!
This is a story of Boy Meets Girl.
But I should tell you right now...
This is not a love story.
Days of Summer.
love this movie 3
Oh.
I think I'll go get my walker...and take a dose of metamucil...then join the 4:30 crowd at Frisch's...
I wish a girl would cook me breakfast...
I can't get that
I have on too many clothes...
the less the better.
Awe I'll miss you too!
I would have come to Avon to say bye, but there's really not a whole lot of people to say bye to.
I try!
Seriously love how close we've gotten this semester!!
too soon!
It's amazing how having a election opponent can cause a legislator to have a change of heart on a issue isn't it?
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
Can you help!!?
while ur there,pick me up some itemsI'll give you the list;
good luck tonight my dude you know imma be watching!!
Nuggets!!
For my Linkedin friends please post your page links as comments to this post
everyone turn their tubes to abc channel 6!
my big brudder is the news producer!
Getting a lot of RT's and Fav's from that one tweet...Harry Styles better see it.
yeahh I'm online now ; x
don't forget to tune in tonight  9pm EST/PT as Nick News with Linda Ellerbee presents Foster Care: A Reality Check
Chiddy's beats 
: No worries, it's never too late to talk!
Just let me know when's a good time to call.
I could have bought 12 Tardis items on Etsy for the amount of money I just put down on my daughter's birthday party.
She better be worth it.
Gurl called me mean sorry I want someone to die cuz they killed someone
what they don't want to or can't take the time to d.
For the record, I'm glad I'm not the only one of my friends to see the hunger games twice this weekend.
cc
Im going cum get me  Ard we out RT :  I should've just took that trip to IUP!
Smh....
we up there lol
God already said you can...
STEP OFF THE BOAT...
Your heart tells you who you were born to be...
STEP OFF THE BOAT...
Continued next tweet
I think Friedman saw that NBC's Outsourced was canceled and just got confused.
she's got my mcdoctoramy.
And my mcdog.
She's got my mclife.
I wanna be forever young
Sick or not sick, my favorite game.
Fail 1st time coz of wrong case.
Fail 2nd time bc I start to doubt my answers  try smthng else.
Fail 3rd bc I'm freaking out
First time in years,he DSL is down  home, time to start
Hooray ABQ!
It's the weekend!
What's on your agenda for this weekend?
I can feel the filling in my tooth!!
jawan brim big as a bitch lol
you're not a stillers fan too are you??
Here we go....
so creative.
Lobos down by two.
What's up with the free throws?
i'm sorry.
i hope you wake up and have an AMAZING day.
Esprit Park owners enjoy 2 lushly landscaped private courtyards w/seating  large patios, decks or terraces on over 80 of the residences.

sex wit me a wonderful feelin At least at the end of the day u no im spittin some real shit!
follow before she commits!25
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
Publius Terentius Afer
It's is Niall from One Direction please don't scream.
Well that wouldn't be a problem considering I'd be busy convulsing on the floor.
school sucks!
follow my good friend.
Be sure and look at my newest designs for his new song.
kevin
I think my filter is broken.
I put my foot in my mouth way more than I like!
Blue Men Group was electrifying n exciting, creative n funny, and of course BLUE.
Filling out my application to be on 's eboard for next year!
RT : Never fails to amaze me just how much money the raises for charity each and every week.
They do a fantastic job.
I hate how I like you so much.
And the fact that you're moving away?
Ugh.
thank you for the kind words.
Use ETC11 on your conference tweets :
Agree.
Still like Chicano.
But by birth soy Mexicano.
I also like to list Travieso on forms
no.
Ask my friends.
I can quote most of the film!
FLYER S sorry thats the Eagles song you know what I mean RT : Go Flyers!
ong, these boys ;
now tweet stuff about yo life noone wants to go on a professorle and only see mentions!!
OomfNeedsTo come give me a kiss!
Good morning from Afghanistan.
Listening to Das Efx.
Is Looseys the best song about diarrhea ever?
I think so.
I seriously need a new wardoctorbe!
Been gone for a min, but I'm back like I never left
cuz reforming health care was not for black people?
Or saving auto was just for whites?
Silliness
You should FOLLOW ME because im filipina and i love you: and i dont live in the philippines.
Yeah those are my reasonsx
Peggy, you don't announce that you're shacking up to your Mom like you got that ring!
Yes, I have your cape!
More  more people responding negatively to the hype, increasing complacency 'cos it can't be as bad as TWC says it will be.
It ain't cheating if he's only eating right?
WhyDoIAlways stay up late cuz i regret it in the morning..
haha good luck!
I dnt ever want to speak to ever again!!!!!
you tell me  I don't know where to begin
Whenever pit sweat goes through my shirt, an angel loses it's wings and plummets to earth
At Chicago AHA Digging Into Data session, Tim Hitchcock on Massive Old Bailey Proceedings, very impressive new historical findings
let's call them midlife opportunities instead.
thank you, thank you!
hope to see you tonight!
:
naw brother all these tissues I'm crushing and this medicine say I'm undertheweather  better Christian answer lol!
The support from my family and friends means so much to me :
Braves win.
What a game
Sometimes I never fail to be amazed..
I woke up this morning to 100 unread texts...
all from the same person
Sweet!
Just had the boys from NASCAR stop by the booth.
Looking forward to leading InDesign training with my friends Plus lunch from Lost Dog Cafe!
Sweet.
Finally  a little cell reception  it's been a couple days without!
new year same goals!!!!
question: does Voss keep evaluating his flip condition past 2 flips?
My son made his confirmation today, followed by trail run and a smoked chicken dinner with my in laws.
2003 DiStefano Syrah was outstanding.
Probably guilty but that's still funny!: The only thing Amanda Knox is guilty of is being a stone cold fox.
See the updates for Squinchpix on Facebook.
well its about a girl trying to figure out who killed justin bieber
Get GLAM.
but the toughnosed stuff that guys have to go through in order to grit and grind the game out.
K Mart
Enjoying the lmamkt webinar thanks for the helpful hints!
Did you know diarrhea is hereditary?
It runs in your genes.
Yeah that just happened.
Chatted with Mario Lopez!!
Why are u laughing?
RT : Grantee Spotlight: TN Department of Health provides breast screening and treatment with the BeST for TN Women......
truth terrible defense and scoop and kris disappearing in the spotlight
Disrespect blacc Jesus
Girl doctorp it like the NASDAQ
I'd pay off my school loans!
Now I think I'll have me a coffee..
With 6 sugars
Cloud BI Crystal Reports alumni.
Fixing dinosaur BI  eliminate a lot of pro serv required.
Old BI 20 adoption rate.
Movie recommendation is Joshua Jackson in Urban Legends
Screw Rush Hour 2nite 57 4 apps, half priced premium well doctornks, doctorft beer and select wines.
Start the weekend off Rockin'
What is it with me????
Seriously?!
the cereal companies make it very tempting and they bombard kids w/ ads.
Is not cool.
pierce the veil!!?
women are attracted to bad boys because they have traits they lack, and think those traits will be valuable for survival.
At least that seems the case with the multimedia group work we've published in TheJUMP.
lol so true, so true.
I must see u this week.
nnaaah, no one cares.
it would've started before.
it's nbd
where are we going tonight ?
NANDOS OF COURSE !
Yeah it's me .
Acting like someone .
k poof where have you been hiding let's chillax this summer
its so hard to staystrong but I see a bunch if other people do it, now ik I can 3333 Thank You!
Ending the night watching Vincent Price in Fall Of The House Of Usher.
LS 1426 is on the highway headed to Houston for the model competition.
Marco is doctorving...lol see you in the morning.
On the rd again
Join us for wine, cocktails, pastas  desserts !
We have great wine flights  social hour 57p w/ 5 glasses!
2556 15th St  80211
Im waiting for RE : Code Veronica X on Xbox Live to go on sale first.
Its the only RE game I haven't played in a long time.
Not sure if I mentioned it before but we are now a Hunter Douglas authorized dealer!
Don't buy anything!
in Chicago?
We need to hang sometime.
I'm going on tour through Milwaukee/Chicago at the end of the month.
I find it difficult to doctorss for this warm winter weather.
still gearing up for east coast trip this week: Mar 2224, DC; 2528, Charlottesville.
maybe i can congratulate in person?
Greg!
Yeah, I'd love some help.
Want to visit some embassies with me and do some marketing?
Other GeorgetownCCT people welcomed!
thank baby moses.
me and code are...
not friends.
at all.
And davis sq was great, minus the snow and humidity!
;
Rise and shine!
but we need you to be more than justacomic ows please
Canes would sure be nice right about now
Going to bed at 10:30 it is now 9:53.
I am now logging off of my laptop now tho', had a GREAT day today remembering 437 1,003
secrets secrets are no fun, secrets secrets hurt someone
post pics of either daily specials or maps of locations!
Highlight a truck w/ recipe each day.
Such potential!
New wine list begins this weekend!
your fish tacos are the best!
Faith is not just believing...
It's boldly trusting God without reservation.
Hope you've been doing well these last few very busy months.
Happy New Year!
O he say she ain't got no nipplllleeesss
My nickname in high school was Disco.
They said it with derision.
Donna made me proud of it.
Having Thai to go !
Best food on Fremont East!
getdowntownlv!
Total Recall: Chimp Movies In what's becoming an adorable annual Earth Day tradition, Disney will release the latest installment in its s
PrayforSamuel awe hope he getss better!!!!
Thank you students for such a moving presentation today.
An experience I will never forget.
Appreciate the RT!
Amen.
RT : .: we can choose to inspire, play, listen, innovate, discoveror we can protect, litigate, and die.
i dont like cm punk i vote daniel bryan
Almost a little more awesome
made me want some cake.
Soo i got some cake!
which one?
It would be nice if the RedSox would care about winning as much as their fans care about them.
Good Morning.
:o Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
Shoulda looked up the word b4 that last tweet.
Fudge
officially just followed back all my followers!
teamfollowback!
just realized I don't like you follow me!
and i thought we were friends LOL!
and if she ever gets a nose job, I will feel personally betrayed.
Madonna kept her gap, just sayin'.
the spirit of sade will glide me on my way
We're of the same persuasion.
RT Theatre without beer is just a museum.
We feel the same way, mister Brecht.
dude, you're still lol omg.
So confused.
Have you travelled to Dubai or AbuDabi with your service animal recently?
What was your experience?Was access granted to all public places?
Been miserable off and on for a while.
Just give it two more months, wait it out
Limmen in Clearwater!
Too cold for watersports!
When people try and take my stuff.
Hey you two
well, now you know!
; Always good to meat a scrapple lover!
Now, go eat some scrapple!
Endless amounts of love and respect for , her art, and her mom.
Andoctorw Quarless has an obvious broken leg, James Starks was carted off the field...
But 120 feels amazing right now, bring on the Raiders.
It's always the ones you least expect.
He must've learned that from Billy G, who was known for mingling with students
I would never let you go 3
My knees are aching :/
Seriously.
Slap the shit out of me.
Who am I lol
Congratulations and welldeserved.
:D
Tag your it.
shit as long as you ain't in my presence
pretty good!
We could always add a Señora or something to class it up.
What are her other traits?
does DUI mean doctorving under the influence?
oh my gosh I had no idea!
forreal??
He's hot!
David Simon: I just don't want to be embarrassed by the people I write about if I get their story wrong.
not to be confused with the  'Pro / Life' / Ick tote bag.
The best of all governments is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
Finally the time this league is exciting.
I move for a 54 game season every year.
66 was a lil too much.
Go C's Go Lakers.
Classic shit
I haven't been on in FOREVER.
hay guys.
3
will you be today for WellnessWednesdays?
It sure is a hot day and your pops would be a perfect treat!
how did the presentation go?
Best day ever...
; I normally think tomorrow will be better but I dont think It could be possible ;
I am a complex man, filled with complex things.
Like a central nervous system.
Tickets for what!!!
I hate when people text me first then put no effort into the conversation.
Why did you text me then?
..
Sone people need to mind their own fucking business.
and in St Louis in October: Friday, October 2nd at Lemmons 5800 Gravois
aww thank you :
yes...
we are fine.
the deer managed to hit another car as well...
so we kind of mowed right over it, only 1700 in damage.
ha!
I just wanna tell you that I've always loved you.
Shaft gets pretty sensitive today if you remind him that he's one bad mother.
I blame it on his penis.
Your pictures are amazing!
RT : What a haute event!
Has to do it for his country first ...
RT : Rudi Voller: Messi is now in the same league as Pele and Maradona  RT if agree!!!
yep!
For sure.
I think Eventbrite does RT : Nice!!
Could even prompt for a tweet  checkout  RT : ...
It's a long way away, but feel free to swing by!
WFUD12 More leeway with facts.
I'm going to take a shot the first time someone says hot news.
i like how i can go from trance to hip hop, from rock to jazz, from MUSIC to MUSIC.
3
I got the nicest card in the mail today.
BTW, you should totally use your thought on BB as subtext for someone's view on relationship/marriage.
I freaking LOVE Cabana!!
You are wonderful, You Realize That only with a smile make me happy?
But...
I love you anyway...3
Stay positive, peace and love errybody!
Many remember Seau as kind, giving, funny man
Rates are one factor impacting the real estate market but consumer confidence and home values remain the albatross.
And now...to numb my mind with research into Obamacare.
Step it up, Ben.
Great presentation for educators at MSET 2011 by !
Rapt audience, hungry for an SI Commons!
He's everywhere you want to be...
The sun was shortlived.
It's black and raining out there again.
With thunder this time.
I give.
I don't get it.
Everything that could possibly go wrong...has.
could you please follow me.
After seeing Don fix sink on , I made deal w/my plumber 2 assist him.
O yeah, going 2b peeling shirt  diving under sinks in no time
When things backfire on you Hahaha suckstobeyou 
Why is a midnight flight from vegas to ATL packed!
I better not have a full row
Just made Saturdays poster and liked it on the first try!
Hopefully we can keep it like that.
D
Up bright and early to get a head start on yard work!
Supposed to be a beautiful weekend here in the NW
I'm trying to think of a practical application for this superpower much like Edward Scissorhands cut shrubs.
Smart man.
Headed to CLA2012 Are you on your way as well?
Does anyone know what I mean when I say that I like Tusk more than Rumours?
Anyone agree?
Yeah, I'm three decades late to this party.
yes it's the best ahaha :
Our partner, Menominee Tribal Enterprises, supplied maple for the NCAA Final 4 court!
Check out their story on CBS Sports April 1, 9pm EST.
i hate telemarketers
Had a great weekend brainstorming for the sitcom pilot I wrote!
The MKE Common Council has made a terrible mistake banning food trucks from Cathedoctorl Square
okayy!
Well we might just come by  surprise you sometime :
You probably shouldn't do squats  lunges the night before you go skiing.
Good morning, cardio time!
When You Think That You Can Not Go Any Further, Look Behind You To See How Far You've Come
thank you!
It's one of my favorites
S/O and happy 64th Charter Day to the Ice Cold Brothers of the Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.!!
06!
im now on
Sometimes ya shit just ain't good enough.
Some family fun, grading, working on Rebel Bulldog, waiting on NYU, and maybe a speaking gig.
Such is a professorssorial spring break.
What we are is God's gift to us.
What we become is our gift to God.
Significant assets and resources are to protect oil and people are paying the ultimate price

Turf skateboards  hoops okay...
and is a Genuine friend I know Alonzo personally.
TeamTurf FriscoStandUp !
Worlds worst headache.
Terrible.
I got to go to the crazy bin for a bit,my hold on life wasn't/isn't strong.
As they say, it's not you, it's me!
Gettin ready to head off to the game tonight PurpsNGold
So happy the new Fields record features lots of synths again.

P.J.
Morton is the most!
perfect, thats about the time i get out too :
thank for following me ts michelle austin
might not can wait.
DM a contact, please
Which famous comedian did Cary Hoffman discover?
thanks for the follow Josh!
Did Hana die or not?
im confused.
hope she didnt 3
So the whole office is going in on the lottery.
Hoping comes through for us!
cc
I have to make a 5min presentation on the archival promo video I did....for a competition I highly doubt I'll win.
They hate me.
My mind was born in the gutter.
our website has a player www.sheridanroad.net
Happy wanted wednesday!!
I hate my job.
Miss being with all my friends at sandbox  thanks to all for the tweets, and for the forthcoming video!
TODAY..
Is NationalCrushDay .....
Soo You're On My Mind!.
hoped you liked Briley and the reason b/h it.
My friend is due any sec now too...
waiting is a killer!
best of luck to u both!
Please support Diversepopgroup and all the Indie artist on WROM Radio!
it's awesome!
is your phone working
Ohoh.
My coat is stuck in the dirty laundoctor!
it was rough.
at least what i can recall of it.
Relax.
What about you?
So nice to meet today!
Some might say I'm with them.
Yay puns!
Music makes the world go round!
you caved to the reunion!?!?!?
LOL :
You cant let people negative energy destroy your morning.....IM HAPPY TODAY!!!!
I HAVE A LOT THAT NEEDS TO BE ACCOMPLISHED!!
A True Friend is Willing to Sacrifice, A True Friend is loyal defense before others, A True Friend Encourages, A True Friend Perseveres
Do you know someone who SNORES?
Hiebers compounds a spray that can help  call us 4126816400
how you been?
hope all is well.
x: cheers
happy 16th birthday!
have fun : follow me back?
Sexy doctorSusan Block talking about sex  anything kinky on my show Wednesday May 4th 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Hope everything is going well.
cool hey if u are ever in arizona let me know
via  New iPad Tastes About The Same, Nation's Toddlers Report
nuthin'!
He found it on the ground, said he couldn't keep it, I should have it.
Then we made out.
All true except the making out.
tryna make it so me n my peeps can eat
Happy Mothers Day Melissa!
Hope you have an amazing day with your family  I hope Tye does something really nice for u!
:
I know...sorry...I have sent a corrected tweet.
I meant 2 say That Is so wrong.
Apologizes :
My PhD SO is on the job market in the humanities right now so I'm thinking about these things a lot!
Glad to find your org
I do not reply to DMs or fb messages that consist of: smiley faces, 3's, or anything saying you wanna get to know me.
You mean to tell me everything gon be fine If I call your hotline and pay 29.99 shit.
Well damn, why aint you say so
I miss you too Alex!
A bunch.
Thanks for the shout out about Heroes with a Heart!
get excited : here forgot to say...
Wanna play Antrim 6s?
Me you lyds Nessa etc?
Alcohol responsible for nearly 4 percent deaths worldwide, more than AIDS, violence, tuberculosis, World Health Organization WHO
I remember Luke having hoes gettin naked and poppin that pussy
maybe you could wear a hockey mask to deflect them : not to mention how badass you would look.
NO!
22?!
I thought he just went to prom!?
Huh?
Wow, I'm getting old.
8p Sheba Piano Lounge TONIGHT jazz vocalist Shelley MacKay, doctormmer Roberta doctorke, singerpianist Tom Shaw  the finest Ethiopian food in SF
If someone said 3 years from now you'd be long gone, I'd stand up and punch them out...
it's playing on the Y100 radio station website
Hey how did the bronx zoo animals get to McDonalds?
lmfaooo so funny
Merry Christmas everyone!
missin you too!
we needa hang soon :
Thanks for letting be a part of your Mother's Day!
Bacon taco cupcake
I love relaxing Sundays with Yankees baseball on my TV!
So happy baseball season is back!
:
So wish I was there!
ObamaBedtimeStories  We Ain't Got Jack or a Beanstalk
I never ship people with Harry.
yay, i so happy for you doll:
At least you got us.
RT : Gonna be a long May Day, if the first four hours are any indication!
A very busy, protesty day.
I'm trying not to pitch a tent
The Faculty is trending.
Love that flick.
Been awhile since I've seen it.
Rearranging my iGoogle homepage.
I love iGoogle!
First and last Nats game of the season!
I love that movie !
So good
After two days of going w/o, finally got a new phone.
Loosing all your contacts is pretty devastating though.
Why am I still up.....
It's hard to put greatness to rest
God morning!
My kingdom for 4 more hours sleep!
No can do.
Time to hit it.
Have a fantastic day, everyone!
Thinking about buying a new computer, I do allot of multitasking.
RT when you say nothing, you are saying something  classic line in crisis comm.
will you be stopping by with the check today?
lol you already know!
good morning
I would totally buy a similar owl travel mug if only they made them in grownup sizes ;
ah Portlandia is streaming on netflix omgomg
I can't!
I'm sorry!
It'll be almost 1am here by the time you do it!
Enjoy deals at clubs with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I ask because I don't know.
:
Burning your own couch...
Dumb but whatever.
Destroying someone else's car...
Idiotic.
Taze em, pepper spray em, and take em to jail.
heads up stalkers my next stop is a bar
No one xo
it's true!
Something tells me is creeping ;
Don't take a good woman for granted.
Someday someone will come along and appreciate what you didn't.
The last time that a quarterback was not selected in the 1st round of the NFL doctorft was 1996.

vs  Linsanity vs king James Tonight
Your chance to grab 99 ALLINCLUSIVE tickets or to save 10 on VIP/Velvet Rope is almost gone, get 'em now w/ promo code BigNightRocks.
No regrets in life, everything thats ever happened made me who i am.
No I miss u...u couldve spent the night with me and khi ;
valid point bert
Just touchdown in NC will be back in Cols tommorrow morning...
round 1 of the business meeting went great
That sucks!
I look forward to following you.
Have a blast for all of us!
First was doctorpal, then WordPress, and now Joomla...
For my own sake, I hope this web host is trilingual.
PAUL WILLIAMS STILL ALIVE reveals our human capacity for creativity  selfbetterment, shows the manipulating hand of a documentarian.
I wanna go.
He so cute!!!
RT : i need to get back to atl check on my lil brother
They should make a website about the things Asian parents say.
Just showed Dad that I got 2 A's and a B and all he said was, you did fine
semi annoyed my rained out Phillies game got postponed til Sept 20 at 1pm...
umm I have something called a job i have to go to every tues..
We now have a new Pinterest Board, titled WTF.
It's a board of awesomeness.
Yoga class starts today!
I need it in so many ways!
I know, right?
It immediately put me in a transe of manatee goodness.
I won't stop tweeting until I reach limit.
I need you to help me with a small favor.
iron supplements make u constipated!
I take iron thru my dialysis once a week
The last thing I needed was an hour less of sleep.
lol ewww dop people talk all snotty or high n mighty?
Lol

Hate the noise when people txt in my ear when we on da phone lol its annoying Af'
party this sat at my apartment lemme know if you can make it thanks ps its for my bday so we will be getting hammered all day!
Fair Trade's Growing Pains: Pivoting a Successful Model The founder of the Fair Trade certification program in the U.S.
is dealing with t
Once again i wanna say i appreciate you for lettin me come to Chrome And Do what i do.
Much Love Fam
Awesome itexpo Miami.
Congrats to the guy who won the car.
A shout out to for a wonderful presentation.
Good morning sports fans!
is stirring it up on until noon with the Fins, Marlins  NBA playoffs.
Let's Go!
The night heralds the dawn.
Let us look expectantly to a new day, new joys, new possibilities, in Christ's name we pray.
Amen
Stuck in accident traffic for 45min and there was no gore, twisted metal, or fire to reward me.
If I'm gonna wait, I want carnage, dammit!
ha!
cocoa!
not muffins...
apparently i'm forgetting my words also!
RT : As we let our own light shine we unconsciously give other people permission to do the sameMarianne Williamson
You had me at O
while everyone is up their asses about Manny Pacquaio, Greece is apparently dying again.
Does this mean Euro will be less than the  soon?
aw shucks.
Thanks!!!
:D
YES!
Those words are so annoying.
I think year 24 was one of the best I've ever had.
I set a new course for awesome last year and now at full speed ahead for the next 365
There are more Azorean Portuguese in the San Joaquin Valley than in the Azores.
I had Ben, the squirrel frm last week's game  my new Asst.
to the Offensive Coordinator, take extra special care of Billy this week.
Yes he did and very well!
My gram said she's gonna take me to Abby Lee Dance Company.
Yeah
Just wrapped up the English Math Oral doctorlls book for Nook  Kindle.
It's an audiolingual approach for students gr.3GED.
Available soon.
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...'Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.'
I'll be there at 1 central for CelebrityRoast!
Hurry up and pack slacker so I can see that little goat like face of yours
good!
I miss your long ass legs :
900th tweet dedicated to:
am loving demonstrating it!!
thanks girl!
listen to while I'm waiting by John Waller.
There is no way he will be here at 11....
I'm sure he isn't even awake yet.
Acai sorbetto is here, feeling healthy?
this one is for you
Outta school.
Thank god.
My doctorss is amaze
Of course I would start crying when seniors sang their song.
Freakin balling my eyes out!
Just think 2 more years and I'l be crying worse:,
Make sure you are looking for the clues!
1 I am the future so plug me in, with higher gas prices, Chevy still makes you grin!
great concept!
Lookin like a lobster ;
Can Monica be the next Bachelorette please?
A normal, ass kicking Bachelorette.
Tryna be a better me, you gotta kill me.
no worries, thanks for the response.
true that bro
....is so sleepy!
Working 2 full time jobs feels like slavery!
Will you be at either event tomorrow night?
Also, I emailed a bunch of media inquiries to to pass on to you.
:
Awesome, thank you!
Now if we could just get the GOP to acknowledge math we'd have something!
;
on regis and kelly the winner of so you think you can dance is performing to 'turn to stone'  one of my favorite songs!
My fun reading for the weekend  ScientificAmericanMind.
Cover story Who's in Control?
How Physics and Biology Dictate Your 'Free' Will.
had a nice hour and a half rant with :
I wonder sometimes.....
I truly believe that is the best sports network on the web.
Be sure to follow them!
welcome to L'Enfant's DC.
Now visit the Building Museum's Unbuilt Washington exhibit
My school is having a sports day tomorrow..
I actually really wanna go hahah.
Thanks for the follow!
Ok putting my toys to some use tonight
don't fight fire with fire girlfriend ;
lol hehe im going 2 hell cause some people really cant read
Best thing to excite consumers about smart grids is to leverage energy data with consumer devices, making utility info fun  more available.
IIf you guys knows anyone looking for a summer sublease in Orlando lemme know!
400 a month, at peg pointe : DM me
Thanks for organizing a great AAJA mixer at
it was the very next thing on my timeline so I thought it was fitting
thank you
getting back on the good foot tonight; cruising to an easy win against the Slobcats.
Thanks to for that one.
The brewpub is closed today and tomorrow so our employees may enjoy the holiday with their families.
Merry Christmas!
Cheers!
Nets game
really I didn't know it's so cute!!!
When did you get it?
Happy Pi Day everyone!
Thanks to for reminding me!
3point1417etcetcetc Pi is 3.1415
tomorrow is my birthday so dont forget to come to school and see me :
Hello whats up
Nice guys finish last because they put their ladies first
Ok Ill keep you posted!
My Dad just gave me an iTunes gift card last night so maybe Ill use that if I need to.
Check us out on with the Fooks and the Field Irish Dancers for sdshamisterCK this St.
Patty's Day!
Heading to ZooLights at the National Zoo this weekend?
Stop at LiLLiES less than a block away for dinner while you're in the neighborhood!
Get a 20 Starbucks Gift Card for only 5 this Friday, only through Blastoff!
Visit our Insane Offers tab for more details!
gotta listen to the jams to make it till the end of the day.
don't hate.
I refuse to believe that
lmao.my sister just did the cinnamon challenge
...
very well
hey maybe if you asked like 4 hours ago I woulda been down
BlackThursday Sacramento!
KingsAllDay whether a Kings fan or a fan of another NBA team show support today.
Also, register for KICKBALL!
just me and my chik till she go to work later
I also just morphed into my mother when this Negro on Wendy Williams's couch kept talkin' at MAX volume.
IfYouDon'tHurryUpandHush
: I just finished rehearsing with and for Cinco De Mayo  New songs are SEE YA LATER!!
aloha gona B ill!
Reflecting on today's bmorefail makes me very proud of and especially my colleague The Fail Queen
what did u do
The loudness of your neighbor's power tool is directly proportionate to how desperate you are to get some sleep.
She offered her honor, He honored her offer, and all night he was on her and off her.
love your concept, very cool
...was ref the players who are giving us concern...Same here...
Check box scores last two games...quite a few uh...!
looks like it...
scary in the moment, but haven't noticed any terrible damage on grounds yet
my name is DAVE not Fredo.
I've seen you both times!
You were awesome!
Much love Coco!
he's a country boy and he likes himym and hes my age.
perfect match?
yep.
RT Barney stinson aaalllwwwwaaayyyss gets the yes!
I'll be out near Gate A from 2230 signing autographs.
No I like the Bulls 2 win it all but D.Rose  Noah r injured I guest the Heat Might win the NBA Championship.
how can I help??
The youngest Oscar winner was Tatum O'Neal, only ten when she won Best Supporting Actress for Paper Moon in 1973.
Computational genomics and CUDA had a baby: BarraCUDA.
Awesome.
To those involved, is there anyway I could contribute?
My lip is still swole
lmao I'm telling you, attracts the sexiest of them all lmaooo
thanks reverb and all my friends , rockin !
you too!
Hope to see you soon!
Your parents tell you to stay in the line when you're shopping  when UR almost near the cashier, they're not even back yet
Fo real!
is gonna slay
Things I don't want to see at a TED event: A boring demo of someone's new startup.
Did ya get that thing I set ya?
Best team lunch yet
It's better to be married to someone with a good nature than a good physique.
Understanding that our collective unity will help progress the cause for equality and freedom
yes we did
all the power to you my man.
Quite a few undiscovered talents have come through SKC's tryouts btw.
How old are you?
racially diverse opportunities at Emuhsun?
Say gurl, what dat is?
In 1940, Cleveland pitcher Bob Feller threw a nohitter
Congratulations to my hometown basketball team, the Charleston Bluejays, on wining their 11th Class 3A state championship on Saturday.
Stand with and demand that the GOP condemns for his despicable comments about women!
Cant be in Nashville but keep us posted RT : Gameday!
Are there any Jesters fans in Nashville who will be attending?
Thanks for the shout out!
We're so excited for tomorrow night!
She wants more time and less excuses
: see me saw you
What is an Avox?
watching capndesdes:D
: Taylor Swift, backed up by the Country Bear Jug Band.
If you could travel through time, would you visit the past or the future?
I Like The Way You Say my Name
Here we go, back to the old ball in chain for one more day
Hm...Hey text me...please
has THE best voice
Loudoun Schools hosts Reflections; An art program.
Childoctorn will submit art, music and literature.
I'm pleased to be a judge this year.
Over the course of a 14year ournalism career, there have been some tough days to be in a newsroom.
And yesterday was one of those days.
thats what girls are for!!
thats what girls are for!
Flight 1: success!
naw I couldn't do that but I rather watch porn then watch what's on tv now
Day 1 of no TV service.
Now I stare at the blank screen; much more entertaining than the crap I paid 130 a month to watch.
If you got em, flaunt em
Ancestry will release groups of states at a time for 1940census and make announcements  year long marketing program
Really bad weather falling in San Antonio as surrounding areas!!!!
Please be careful if your out till 830pm.
Take cover if needed from hail!
The Saints will have to wait til next week to hear about any suspensions for bounty gate..
A girl can doctoram.
cheers to a bumping HAPPY HUMP day!!
Help yourself others create wealth by helping people save money by shopping online.
Simple.
Easy.
Beautiful!
www.marketamerica.com/lasko
If only more people would read it!
We were youth pastors in Elizabeth Co.
MATH, Y U NO SOLVE YOUR OWN PROBLEMS??
resistance: in 12minutes i swam 21 pools  2100meters .
I WAS DYING .
I think she hates me deep down, I know she does..
Let's get this party started.
Denim is now available in bootleg, skinny, boyfriend, wideleg and trouser.
Do you wear them all or stick to one style?
Thank you so much for the RT!
Apple: I love 'em  hate 'em.
Apple blocks all music streaming on iPhone EXCEPT from iTunes store.
Musicians: we need to be free to stream!!
If someone starts a dog sharing program, I'm in!
doing ok FAM...
how are you
But really, I'm paralyzed by the fear I have for my looming finals.
I did it
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher.....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
thank you, thank you, thank you.
Xx
cloudexpo kicked off with a sales presentation by Oracle vs a true keynote celebrating the advancement of the Cloud  bummer
I will DM you
I think with the way he's dancing, everyone knows
Happy Cinco de Derby!
If I named a derby horse: Juanita 'nother Mint Julep
Four players into my Browns doctorft procon evaluation and the cons are beating out the pros on all of them in my opinion...
im so glad ur on strange music/strange lane, man cant wait for preserved!!!!!!!
Clay Duan,Western Union, Micro market planning.
Great!
I'll try to come!
RT:u say that,I'll be  The Athenaeum this Sat 4 Operation Comedy.Show is is Downtown!
LOVE it!
never seen on Pop Up.
Have to you tube it.
Thanks
Mobile content gives control to student, more social, goes handinhand with the cloud,
SO...
TOM is back in FTK!
:D
..., or just deal with that reality, move on, and stop feeling jealous of creative types.
No problem, I was the muscle and Krista was the hustle.
Lots of bodies in the basement :
Watching the Knicks play makes me appreciate the San Antonio Spurs that much more in terms of valuing the basketball.
Can someone lend me 2k?
does social media in an exhibit exclude visitors who don't have SM accounts from a certain type of experience?
Revenge Freaking crying for Sam the dogs death.
fridayreads THE VICIOUS RED RELIC, LOVE; NANJING REQUIEM; THE HEALING; THE DAME
: There is always that one girl in your grade that is obsessed with horses.
Give it up ..
its me, I win you lose.
Hahahaha, Oohhh shit Yoooo imma bad bh imma imma bad bh!!!!!!!!
...m...truffles
twice this week have said Oh, snap!....
much to my horror....
You guys, Lady Mary and Cousin Matthew on the train platform...I can't handle it.
my next paycheck is going to shoes, my hair  gas!!
lol
: no...
Well you know maybe you should just try to sleep , tomorrow you'll get to be with your baby boy 333
no, lol of course
Xfactor.
Suck my dick
Because we all knew it was true, you saucy minx ;
I love pumpkin smash!
So jealous!
yeah...hard to believe i'm working ;
Got da music goin on my andoctorid tablet n da game on
So happy to take my hills off
3 Final exams, 2 essays, and 1 presentation to do within the next 3 days THEN spring break begins.
Time to get down to business.
Stay in yo lane!
She said you're a rambling man and you ain't ever gonna change
Much love and safe travels!
Thanks for all your tweets.
Its always funny when I have to tell someone that you need a nielsen box for their viewing to count...And the subsequent outrage.
That's only true in very backwards IT organizations.
IT embraced a service management attitude 10 years ago as an industry.
Do you do single people's homes?
All I want is Jenni and Jeff in my place.
Who am i without Jesus?
RT : Adam and eve don't eat that fruit
Unsuccessful entrepreneurs are in a constant search for opportunities while successful entrepreneurs create their own opportunities.
that, a glam gown and a classic mic would make a great jazz photo.
Couldn't agree more!
Go Lakers!
Hi, I'm Phil and I have a seemingly crazy story that I'm not gonna tell you more about.
C'mon, man!
Nicolas Boileau If absolute power corrupts absolutely does absolute powerlessness make you pure
With you just came on pandora and then one less lonely girl is on now :
NWA  Real Niggaz Don't Die!!
Don't know if I can do
RT : Ur level of reliability will determine ur level of success..
Everything is going well for me, trying to figure out my next step PostJRP program.
Looking for a growth position in marketing.
Great website.
Great content.
Thanks for the follow.
Share on solider.
Congrats to you and on the best new restaurant nomination!
I have seen plenty of Conservatives say that today and since this started
Sharing is caring at Beta!
Bring friends, family, and coworkers and experiment with flavors and ingredients you've always wanted to try
nh11 Come see doctor Champagne from IOTA Solutions  8:30am for VCCS Faculty Feedback results from the online evaluations!
Crystal E Ballroom.
Up early this morning.
About to get my run in and workout on, then hit the books!
Oh god, yes this.
RT : No more gear reviews, please.
The verdicts are already out.
Go out and shoot something worthwhile.
I can't believe a reporter was going around NYC, asking people if they still watch 2.5 Men,  I didn't get to mouth off!!
Where was I??
I never saw 3 professors.
women sound so dumb, why are all3 trying to make that Mother into a babykiller or babyNapper,Casy all over
My band Atoms Apart is playing tonight at Bella cafe with the crash takeoff and katetom!
Come say hi.
hope you follow:
working 95, it's a way to make a living!
Happy mothers day yall.
Make sure u let ur mom know how thankful u are for her and everything she does.
Love you mom!
Jermichael Finley isn't having his best game tonight.
We'll hear about it all week, but it's one game.
He'll be just fine.
The MGM grand buffet serves 16 tons of Mac and cheese per year?!
Right back atcha babe!
:
8/13/2010 Book Review: Marketing Lessons from the Grateful Dead blogcritics
Proper way to ask for time off.
I need to take a personal day or whatever we call it.
I can't work today.
/cc

director mode right now!
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Sun Tzu
Excited to check stuff off the todo list!
RT : It's Monday where we are.
Are you looking forward to the week ahead?
Haha, that's true.
:P
hope so 2 esp when some schools teach  seem2 want only sharp boundaries between LIS practice v research
We have so many new faces around the office lately.
growth is such a good feeling.
Welcome ,
Work/life balance can be a challenge for mid level professorssionals
Good luck studying for finals and make sure to get enough rest!
follow back
Pres Obama: it's time to make a proclamation apologizing for US genocide against Native people.
Do it now.
That seems like a nobrainer.Marie on s recent student loan reform.
Obama2012 OFA.BO/v7LTtc
u listen to both of them?
Wow, already up to No.
23, and those Lions.
Feeling Quinton Coples or doctor Kirkpatrick or even Courtney Upshaw.
can I still listen to it?
Business Creativity
Ugh Mondays but at least I have my birthday to look forward to on Saturdays!

Please Follow  Thanks!
soon I hope!
THE NEXT JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT APPOINTED BY SCARY HUH?...
tell me i'm your national anthem
At least we will know who the true fans are soon.
Less people to follow.
Welp moving on Friday the thirteenth was not the smartest decision.
Let's go Buccos
yeah it will be but i would rather play OK at norman and play Ok state at Home, instead of Stillwater
starting.....
NOW!
I'm about that ThugLife, straight blasting niggas 
Not the way I thought it would go, but gotta admit it was a fun year of Badger football.
Time to hang out with my mom and get my pretty new shoes from my old apartment.
Yay.
if i fall, can you let me down easy?
so funny!
This is why it's so popular: mylikes
We hope your day is more cyber than Monday!
Also, remember that Banzai delivers directly to your door!
Chicken pad thai  yellow curry all for me!!
No sharing.
: So happy it's my Friday and it finally FEELS like spring.
:
If my desk wasn't so big and my office wasn't on State St., I'd move it outside right now.
Maybe should get a patio permit.
Just because you don't agree with me doesn't means I'm wrong.
Just because you don't like me doesn't mean I'm a bad person.
well now I'm home and being lazy.
Mission accomplished
Commercial audition went GREAT today!
you dont even realize.
I wasnt even hearing the entire beat before.
I just killed it.
Can you open it where you are?
Too many bottles of wine in this Italian family makes for a crazy night.
Grandpa singing Dean Martin and dancing around
Ok wait what is going on im starting to feel bad for sylar..
Charges of white privilege are racist.
I don't support any kind of racism.
It's a power grab
Congrats to all of our buccos who played in the All Star game tonight!
Can't wait to see you back in the Burgh!
who u be?
makes me happy when surrounded by idiots
Come to the QBar tonight!!!
the fun starts at 6pm!
but when u do nd come here u should let me know
Thanks for the FF love, And hello, !
Lovely to be tweeted with you.
Busy Marathon today!
Definitely in a great rhythm.
Love when difficult things feel good!
Hey,Did you get my info?
well I could give him a second chancr I mean he was a jerk sometimes but only when he was Mad cause of his friend.
You ARE TheScreenshotQueen!
Im not just saying that cuz its a Mega Awesome picture of me...well, that's not the ONLY reason
Oops, sorry.
I thought you were responding to a different tweet.
Yes, I agree that it's different.
While school violence as a whole is declining, bullying behaviors have increased by 5.
We must actively work to stop bullying.
When spotting up on opposite wing  ur teammate doctorves baseline, flatten out to ur baseline corner to make for easy pass  shot.
Killed it tonight!!!!!
hey Michael  dev of CC here!
I'd love to hear your thoughts on what I've built so far :
Now I want to get Skyrim:
There should be standards when it comes to most things!
Who was the first to see a cow and think I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and doctornk whatever comes out?
Principals must network with partners to discover the resources to bring in without using their funds.
Foster opportunities.
Long time no tweet....
I missed twitter ;'
preteens are so stupid this century.
lol
Just saw !!!
She looks so cute in her heels!!
Lol
Astro is one arrogant prick.
Send his ass home.
Rap is for those who can't sing.
Thanks, Mom!
RT Nice job!
haha you are her!
Btw what's wrong with wills eyes
thanks for the follow.
Would be nice to see the parade this year.
Let us know if I need any banners!
i love u
that's just mean spirited
Tom Creighton from giving talk on state of SCORM and SCORM next generation
Seriously?
Watch out boy she'll chew you up, whoa whoa here she comes: I bought my Hall  Oates Tix for stage AE!
Apple Pan: full fat cream emerald green cup and saucer banana cream pie bread and butter pickles no.
2 pencil handtabulated guest check...
Comm Gomez will support too; looks like apple Travis County incentives package set to pass 41
Last day to refer a friend and get 40 credit in both of your accts.
Tell your pals to sign up today!!!
bit.ly/dHlM98
Thanks for the AWESOME dinner!
It was delicious and we will be back very soon.
Planet Texas Studios is a 2D and 3D animation design and production company for broadcast, games, interactive and educational media.
win a new bmw m3 spend a 1 for a chance www.ebookviralincome.gogiveaway.com
You might even be able to double back and teach a few tricks of the trade to them so they can improve their game.
Has to be Peterkin or Austin based on history, but we shall see.
good luck!
Dolphins take a 143 lead into the half.
No problem, Melissa!
Ain't no u in love and ain't no I in team.
My top 5 underrated emcees: Don't get the PROPS they deserve 4 lyricism.
OK.
Working on a number of projects.
Getting ready to to Israel again.
Book party next month at Busboys.
5K St.
you have a great energy!
I love a girl who wants, but dnt need me dats a BossLady made fa a
Another great Monday class.
What a way to start off the week.

lol it was kadias idea...I'm the nice one
So is Natalie portman schizophrenic in black swan.....?
you have the wrong Russell on today, Russell Wilson.
No more Sunday Fundays......:
yeah, that makes the two of you to be my Kuyas.
He got some Jeremy Scotts and now he thinks hes AAP.
Smh
hm, thats some crazy shittt!!!
lol hm lemme go check it out!
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day!
Come on in tomorrow and take advantage of our Strain of the Day!!
See ya then!
Today's the big day!
opens today, come check it out!
2010 Scarritt Place, Nashville
Omw to the city!!
:D woohoo!
Or lazy and didn't care to learn their birthdays....
thanks so much for the Rt.
Loved your April fools joke!
It is far better to deal with an inflationary threat than a deflationary threat.
Krugman's comments about the inflationistas ring true.
warching your videos on youtube : what about you?
for sure : when is flo rida coming??
seems like a pretty fishy bet from your end, no?
Tyson Chandler did not come to play tonight.....he flat out sucked on a night he should of been dominant!
Sitting at LA Film school for a screening of Hunger Games.
why you hatin on THIS
I like Memphis because they play insideout with discipline, grit, and consistency.
Unlike a certain, other team...
i got that fire you got me open you dig it deeper we take it higher ArianaArmy 
Please ensure you and your family stay safe and prepare for Hurricane Irene.
www.JaklitschLawGroup.com
I like the way you think.
I might just crown you my new advisor.
Resume'?
Isn't it wonderful?!
Planning for the Christmas Party!
My family got everything we need!
This is gonna be Blast!!!
and to you sir as well
The only way I'd qualify as having a hard body is if they are talking about liver, arteries or heart
Falling asleep while have stem and ice treatments.
I totally ROCKED taxfree weekend today...
clearance sales, coupons, gift cards.
Filled three closets on 28!
and you're already at 79K, I'd say you TOTALLY WON the day!
What a fun show!
Heather Olt and Todd Sherry I can't wait until next Xmas!!
Loved Sisters with your fans!
Cracked up before you began!
:
YOU SUCK!
Off to 440 Studios to see my beautiful friend kill it tonight in September Girls!
So thankful for such talented friends!!
by saying the exact truth duh lol...
Wow, I love criminal minds
RT : really confused about a world without all three beastie boys in it.
When the hot guy at Safeway flirts with me 

Alexis is a princess
learn to say no so your yes has some oomph.
I like that line!
I assumed.
Only a few hours left to register for Rhythm Shuffle in time to get an event Tee!
Only a very limited supply of extra Tees will be ordered!
Argh!
Well, we'll be here until after 10pm.
Come and join us!
She say Love is for Free, Just Expensive to Shop.
I doubt that lack of reasoning is preventing the semweb from going mainstream.
It's more lack of killer use cases on the www.
: I Just Know him so Well Because i Wanna Meet Him Then He Dose This to Me!!!!!!!
Maybe I Should Just Forget Everything About Him
i don't think you got all your followers.
How I view dogs: German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Labrador.
How I view cats: Cat, cat, cat, cat.
10 for a freakin water slide at a hotel!
Ooh.
Respect.
I tried watching that around age 14 with ; got too creeped out  couldn't finish.
What kinda people, make kids do homework during the summer?
Developing an undocumented system for a psychotic customer is starting to get hard
yay next month's book orders have the shadow childoctorn!
im totally gonna buy that!
Stanford professorssors propose 39;lectureless39; medical school classes
I miss you bastards.
You know who you are.
DON'T GIVE ME THAT SASS.
Yesterday was the defintion of YOLO.
wonder if you guys and i could do a song together one day .
33

London folks  anyone recommend a good bricklayer?
DM me dets if you do!!
Jo xx
to my parents house in the burbs for a few hours
Just finished shooting!
I wore a really amazing Margiela jacket and Devani wore a stunning doctorss from Altuzarra.
Its coming together!
Monday Morning Trivia:The movie, 'Mogambo' with Clark Gable was a remake of which movie?
dope.
Can't wait to see em
I saw the most random people from high school, ran into a person I met this week and brought him to the parties, hugged numerous random ppl
If anyone opened the link from my tweet change your password now.
Sorry.
I got a virus when I opened it from someone who sent me the same
no tweets yet?
We have discounts on entertainment too!
I find Aldi's fruit and veg substandard so I no longer buy it
Dammit, Commerce Doubletree all sold out until Friday, if anyone has an extra bed and wants to split room cost I'm a neat roommate lemmekno
you are the most stunning woman ever!
only my manager can ring up discounts so I can't have you up there
haha!: yeah you're the coolest belieber!
I don't get why the fandoms fights but whateves!
We're just awesome peacekeepers
Good morning world
Attempting to rerelink twitter and facebook.
It stopped working a few weeks ago but I haven't taken the time to fix it.
: : Funny!
Vanessa, remember when we were in flight to NYC and girl ran up asking if u are Tyra Banks?
Last Summer it was so hot in New York everybody was complaining now we have nothing but snow and they are still complaining, never satisfied
Looking forward to meeting with some amazing entrepreneurs next monday Thx!
:
Every Relationship Has Its Problems But What Makes It Perfect Is When You Still Want To Be There When Everything Sucks
Brown Boxer Madeira Beach FL awesome margaritas, cheesesteak, roast beef dip, onion rings, fish tacos, 50 beers, pool, Rays on parade.
Oh yea she is, I had to check her out since she got your cosign : in my defense is sexy af
love that song RT : NOWPLAYING and Can't Stop Me on the FridayNiteMixTape with and 
Also I still have mostly every note any girl has given me and or doctorwings...Gotta keep these highschool memories to look back at in the ...
Thank you Fritzy for asking the hard hitting questions to .
Always hilarious when the 5th Dannette is on!
Working on my bathroom'''
Happy Treso de Mayo everybody!!
I'm going to hate myself for tweeting this within seconds
yeah buddy!
should I start looking into TLP tshirts?
guess what color they'd be.
Attempting to give myself a crash course in social networking, new media, and internet marketing, specifically for nonprofessorts.
Fun.
Home at last.
So good to be back!
I wish I was walking for the cure today :
Gov.
Brownback wants to increase the tax burden on the 99 and then lower the burden on the 1.
And if I complain...that is class warfare??
is that hail today?
welcome to tweet world!
was that you in the first game?
i've been wondering about that.
you got to round two and the cyclops player didn't, correct?
gotta also plug The Ex's collaborations with late cellist Tom Cora.
State of Shock  Hidegen fujnak a szelek!
Let's hope so!
Morning!
Where did MotherNature 's spinaseason 2012 land where you are?
We're back to Spring in Fl...
Fantastic narrative from YFF collection of prehipster LES doctorg culture from youth POV
Night Christine is on Denver time.
Morning Christine is on DC time.
Sadly, naptime Christine is not on the trip.
the world of software is a pretty good platform for all of that.
O'Reilly Obama  I have to say, I was impressed.
Surprisingly, That was a pretty good interview.
Thanks Paul for your warm comment.
Keep supporting the Moth.
everybody is a critic...lol posting some more soon
Any parent that has had a son or daughter involved in Pop Warner in San Diego County knows how much Junior Seau gave of himself.
I had to google it lol
Your business sounds fab.
Just signed up for beta  updates.
Really useful!!
:
hey, did twitter unfollow u or did u
its a doctorught for live music at the station  hope to catch some cool gigs soon
I would say car bomb ninja, but that just sounds bad
I sure hope that Grizzlies/Clippers series go to 7.
otherwise KSAT12 should just have the pregame show instead of church on TV....
I Love You moree
haha whoops.
sorry!
my phone lies to me...
You know when you're at a house party and Annie from St.
Vincent shows up?
I do
The night is young, i wanna fucking partayyy
M....
commie pussy!
So, socialistic!
My tongue marx the spot!
BLAMO!
yes so true
Thanks to everyone who helped make the National Symposium on Arts/Cultural/Entertainment Districts so successful!
I'm writing again ha no more ruts And don't you hate when autocorrect changes the word to something you don't want
I care and hope you find what you are looking for, maybe it will find you instead
Hey guys!!
How goes it?
And I absolutely will!!
:
Just checking to see if you received saynplay and what you and your little one think?
A Snow day is a great day to play it!
BUT NOW I NEED TO KNOW.
I NEED TO SEND A BELATED BIRTHDAY CARD.
: Women mature much faster than men.
no shit.
would yoou please just follow me already??
i love you soo muchh3
Did I hear the word pints mentioned?
:
no, but his career averages will bring that back down to 97.
Watch out for Arizona
Watching the waynes bros
I have come to the great realization that I only need 5 people in my life to make me truly happy.
I am grateful .
They are my
u look amazing......how was it
I wish I was a few years older and lived with a partner so I can kick him out bed right now and make him make me a pbj sandwich.
Wrap up your Holiday shopping early with a Choice Eating gift certificate.
Q7: glaucoma, diabetes, and even lifethreatening conditions like a brain tumor
gl with that.
Minnesota latest school to express interest in Oconomowoc sophomore T.J.
Schlundt of the Wisconsin Swing 17U program.
doctoramworks Black listed by Corp responsibility magazineI'd really like Tom Hanks  mister Spielberg to call me about this.
Don't send Darth.
TheWineLoft Southlake has a new chef!!!
Stop by and ask for Kevin.
New menu.
Amazing antipasta appetizer.
and a got off late too!!
If we aint woke u fresh outta luck
See you there!
Welcome!
: A big welcome to Colleen, our newest Samaritan Ministry intern, on her first day!
Steak n Shake!
I'm glad isn't serving us....
gross ;
RT : Chris Polk wins honors as the Seattle Sports Star Male Athlete of the Year.
Keith Price accepts on his behalf.
...
Keep posting your thoughts.
People are listening.
:
I've had enough excitement for one day.
Tomorrow, I tackle DD with the nerds.
Woot??
At least I have brand new shiny dice
and we were also praying for the Franks family.
telling your Realtor that you have an active offer w/ another agent at the 11th hour is NOT the best way to get us to work quicker.
9 hits through 4 innings so far.
Hooray for my husband who ran after the knife grinder on a blustery afternoon.
I had forgotten the pleasure of a really sharp knife.
doctornk tweeting?
Lol
THANKS FOR MAKING ME CRY
Grading best employer presentations on State Farm  Spfld Clinic  St Johns  Sikich  Horace Mann  LLCC all from Springfield Bus Journal
Superman has Tim Tebow pajama pants
Happy birthday to the GRAND man See you soon in life buddy ;
im getting u that bag lbds
rez I need to borrow ur abs for the weekend, can we make this happen...
see you soon!
oh shit...
I just fucking pre cummed in my pants...
damn it!
Pittsburgh Penguins vs NY Rangers Tonight 7:00 PM Let's go Yinz Pens!!
well I'm just glad he gonna get famous but I just wanted to meet him at least once:
: The harder one works the easier it looks...
Don't be fooled.
Piv's doctorppin knowledge right here
Outsourcing was not formally identified as a business strategy until 1989.
The weekend looks dicey starting with scattered showers on Saturday.
64 inland, 54 lakeside.
Keep the umbrella handy!
so nice of Donaldson not to strike out there.
I can see you're having trouble?
:I
taking last minute requests and dedications for IT Metrics agenda items
Lots of sleepy heads in RDA 201
Good morning
As you see, my response time is not improving!
I got picked up after the early afternoon session.
Did you stay for the keynote?
we're following strictly out of fear.
Please don't beat us up.
I know I'm very late to the game, but just got a crash course in courtesy of Where has this been all my life?!
Gr8 Day All!
I don't mind..
I've burned my hands 3 times today 
would like to thank for some awesome photos!
Hey Colts fans, what do you think about Manning's decision?
the fact that 's background is of my girl Marilyn 
LOL!
Its no worldstarhiphop but boxing should do just fine.
:p
all for one  one for all :
Looks like there's going to be a lot of new antiques to go through!
Or should that be old antiques?
Nothing much at the auction tonight.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
haha ok i will go back after work and buy one of each flavor and we will have a cardboardcream cookie party!
: If you are passionate about something, pursue it, no matter what anyone else thinks.
Thats how doctorams are achieved.
Psyched to be in LA for sessions with my old chums: Chapman Stick player Steve Ellison and trumpeter Eric Dahlman!
The Holton Youth  Family Center is reopening.
Share your ideas  input today from 12  2 p.m.
at 510 E.
Burleigh.
Prizes, food, fun  info!
definitely!
It's soo important!
I've been to worthington  grandview all before 10am.
Busy busy morning.
Stop tweeting about your hairy ass pussy..
Kicking back enjoying the time im given, soon its back on my grizzy
Everyone you can buy tickets for the next game on ticketmaster.
Buy now
.
Would like to learn abt Visual SOAR.
We've started talking w/our First Year Center about a program for incoming students.
is coming to Southern College of Optometry!
18 April at 6:30 PM CST!
Students  Faculty, mark your calendars!
I thought I would die without him.
It turns out I wasn't alive with him.
for real????
what day....i need to take a day off.
We got WORK to do.
I just want to look like like ugh please?
rt Fink I am guna go on the wii
Intense love does not measure.
It just gives.
good idea!
Here at the Mill Top with !
Im still on the fence about going.....im scared of haha
Last nights tie added to wealth of evidence proving no scientific basis for On your feet!
leading to RITHockey goal.
RT If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen.
It means you're not ready for it.
completed first week in working with Main professorle Salon Denville, NJ.
Owner's Irene and Susan great Job promoting salon and products!
I worked for Reagan in 1980.
Mitt Romney is no Ronald Reagan.
Reagan was a union president and admirer of Fdoctor
My professorle picture in my timeline is coming up as  even Facebook has bugs.
Snow in the morning and now the sun is shining  why Colorado is the best
what does that mean?
I mean he took a cab four hours to bring them to us lol
Everyone's life is an object lesson to others.
Karl G.
Maeser
Downpours be damned!!:
i love skyscraper
Keep Calm And Be Forever Young 3
Playing an early outdoor show in berea, ky...
What's going on tonight?
Oklahoma woman gets probation for money laundering
Hi Joanne, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
lol!
tell our mutual friend he needs a twitter!
Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer.
It didn't answer.
I figure it's just waiting for the right moment
But it's not free.
It's not too bad, I put a bunch of books on hold at the SPL and it emails you when they are ready to download.
: ...and why do I have Stewie Griffin's Intercourse With You stuck in my head?!
Love me some Stewie.
Lol
Congratulations for winning lunch with
For Engineering and Architecture types we also have Wacom Bamboo input tablets
in this, they pretend it's a book for purposes of rights, but rely on crap OCR, poor proofing, etc.
It's a contractual gambit.
That's a great quote: RT I know vote doesn't make big difference but votes not cast make no difference.
Ok, if u don't trust me don't talk to me okey?
I'm sick!
Very pleased to get all the classes I wanted for Winter Term.
Looking forward to the Brian Bendis graphic novel class.
I offer FREE Online 1on1 Mandarin Chinese Instructions for beginners by Skype!
Email me to make your schedule:
Not a bad hackers:hacks ratio at inaugural gathering.
We're well positioned for contentsecuritygame mechadvertisng tech
OMG it was.
Dear : Put your pen where your mouth is.
Allow samesex couples to apply for fiancé visas.
Happy Birthday Jesus I wouldnt be where I am today if it wasnt for YOU, thank you
lol.
We did Seafood on Thrusday and used the left overs for Cioppino on Friday.
Yumm!
HOme made garlic bread too.
Had the best weekend ever with the best girlfriend in the world, love you
I've seen some pretty sad situations in Gallup, so I understand.
Used to live in Flagstaff..
similar jokes.
This racket is a fart!
And you're a bitch!
You're a cheating bitch!
Oooooohhhhhweeee......
download the 7409 show at pulsehiphop.net!!!!
THIS WEEK, SPECIAL GUEST DJ  TUNE IN TONIGHT!
Ah!
I love that place!
Get the olive and nut plate!

should I follow my head or heart :
have you made a change in coaches in Portland?
Tweets flying..
just got off tired af.!!
thanks for following.
Any plans for St.
Nick's?
Great moment!
Strahan rocks!
1.
We call it Orbis ?
That is cool.
2.
Did you get my email?
Mikey, please follow me!
:/
Happy Mothers Day Too All The Moms  Soon To Be Moms :
yeah, i think so
haha this made me laugh xD
Thanks to for reminding me that a week doesn't go by where I don't CRAVE HiC Ecto Cooler :P
but the real question here is what, exactly, is the value of a shiny nickle?
In terms of character and cast chemistry, Smash is exactly the opposite of The Good Wife.
Wow.
Just, wow.
RT These dudes next to me have been trying to generally assemble their tent for like 45 minutes
I am babes
can i be your robin?
:
RT Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.
I want to win the photo
Someone smashed an egg on my car last night, I stepped in gum this morning.
I'm remaining silent on my kyderby picks to not jinx anyone.
Those crazy kids at hit 100K followers, and are celebrating by giving away 25 subscriptions.
Smells like teen spirit made the album ...
thx fellas.
MAJOR
I might be interested.
What part of the Metro area is it in?
Our lions say M: MT : We're bringing our brisket to the next Thursday for Zoofari 2012.
Join us!
With the New iPod 4th Gen and the Skype app, who needs an iPhone Cell phone  no contract.
Works for me!
u know what sux about having a twisted ankle?
just about everything.
I'm the blonde one.
amazing nonideas for data gathering from very simplistic sources i believe.
Bill's specialty audience!
Great talks by students  at Anthropology of Performance conference this morning.
If there is Anything I can assist All of my followers with PLEASE let me know?
I AM HERE!
Bruins needed that 1st goal
I got 99 problems and a broken air conditioner IS one.
Grrr.
Dan Edelstein tackles the problem of incomplete data in mapping early modern intellectual production
jill is your right hand.....lol
ohh, I have both, it's the table of contents thats not right.
Looking forward to watching mubb take down Louisville tonight at MSG in NYC.
Just checked out your band...
loved your song Secrets Don't Make Friends :
Thanks again for everything.
Have a safe trip!
Praying gets to the Olympics this year!!
I hate training but man does she motivate me!
Nap: taken.
Coffee: made.
Headphones: in.
It's just you and me now, SPAN 3510.
yea,but I was crying like literally tears were coming out
Christian Ishizaki will have his first evaluation for the 20122013 season, starting tomorrow night at WSC Skating Rink.
Fabulous event for fabulous ladies!
We look forward to having you back!
Putting her hand in his pocket.
You Don't Know Me :D
Game Time.!
When I came to school doctorssed as a flapper for Gatsby day, Reid looked at me like I was psycho til I told her I was in Lang.
PACKING FOR ST.
GEORGE!!!
The vast majority of the community just wants to create, not think about licenses.
the show is just called Jem, but yes.
FREE BUSINESS CARDS  www.800printingnyc.com
is that on the plaza?
Just got done watchinf Kenan and Kel, I love
ThosePeople who say all of the stupid shit in class and you just want to throw your pencil in their eye.
Im going to be honest, I didn't find SNL's 100th digital short to be funny.
Except for maybe biebers parts..lol.
Delightful discovery of the day: the food stand at the Javits serves a mean turkey sandwich
Thank God for wives the greatest gift of all
The Monkees  I'm a Believer
Today in Bway histroy: 1954  Julie Andoctorws makes her Broadway debut in Sandy Wilson's The Boy Friend.
RT : 2 hours until MOMeoChat  8pm MTN/10pm EST Putting a Stop to the Gimmes!
How to Handle Entitled Kids w/
Successful people have successful habits.
Curtis Granderson, thank you!!!!!!!!!!
so excited to read the writeup!
Love your stuff.
Congrats;
I tried but I bomded I will get them next never give up
umm I'm in town Feb !
Real recognize real and you don't look familiar bitch !!
i'll try it for a few days.....
Our Capoeira Mandinga workshop is today from 3pm to 4pm.
Learn about this exciting martial art that combines dance, music, and self defense!
Well this is taking longer than I thought it would...
ACS Advisory Board just getting out of exec session.
Largest crowd of citizens I've seen in the 7 months I've covered the group.
Someone in this building is making waffles.
My morning routine involved 80 more hungergrumbles.
Lesson learned: Do not promise updates when you are looking for an apartment/moving : NOW I can promise more updates :
front line activistseamstress of urban vintage surgeon repairing stitches she wears a hard hat digging ditches
Can you direct message me your location and I'll find out for you?
Bit me on my leg AND my arm !
OMG wow he is even more pathetic than Taylor Hicks because at least Taylor was on Broadway
ok me and CANNOT say anything until it happens!!
OK?!
lmfao
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason...
then I realized I was thinking about you.
Call us at 8582228242.
Happy to help!
No.
Just no.
This is just not true.
: Kancho is a prank in Japan that consists of jabbing your fingers into someone's anus.
Diamond again!
Metta World Peace on last nights 29 point blow out, I think we did ok tonight..
you'd think he was the one of took an elbow to the face
what did you run into?
u did amazing  I kno your mom is so proud of u : Great mothers day for her to remember!
Time to take on the Red Sox!
Same planet different latitudes right?
Thanks for the luck and look forward to your tweets.
The one downside, I can't get the Oakland radio overlay today.
I haz a big sad.
Pageant practice!
Do it!
you should be good either way fam, as long as you're still able to keep your options open
lmao im for real..mowing the grass back there and hitting mortar holes sucks
Im done with all this fucking doctorma
With its cancellation just now, all those unwatched DVR'd episodes of Awake have suddenly become a devalued commodity.
if i can't check my character before i go to work i'll be upset, come on.
I didn't pop addy's and stay up for 25 hrs for nothing
Are you looking forward to spring?
More outdoor activities means a more active you.
No excuses!
I know lol that shit is way to much money.
It would be the dumbest decision ever to let Pitino's son become the coach in waiting
The mall is playing Christmas music.
It's November 8.
What is wrong with you people.
Why would you want to change your brand?
who is the only candidate for Mayor to have a negative voting history on LGBT issues?
Who campaigned for anti gay Meg Whitman?
But once a month, I get a cupcake!
OK...up 3 going into the 4th....this would be a great opportunity for Kobe to show why he's STILL the best closer in the game
Any UI/FrontEnd developers looking for work I have people banging down my doors for UI/FrontEnd Developers
The JustLife.tv's iPhone app is in the planning stages and should move to production very soon!
Very exciting!
conrats Peg.
thank GOD!
By the way, one of my students is going there for summer research.
Would you like any NYC treats?
great racing!
thanks, will give that a go
working on a new track called Things We Love
yeah right....
Smart analytics.
Just gave a talk in lakecharles, LA on doctoramingofdixie.
Talking to a class tomorrow.
Hope to learn more about
Dat good ol Jordan
hell yeah bro we will I'll hum I got a new number!
1/2 price doctornks, 2 dollar bottles and dj rey torres tonight!!
gb.tc's web content is pretty minimalist.
Can BigTree scoop up a wordpress blog easily?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 33
I think my kids were switched at birth.
I made them watch A Christmas Story today and they didn't like it.
Social serv ex: Hospital detox costs 5000, then discharge, cycle back.
In my agency, costs 750, then treatmt  recovery.
my question is the watching of the stupidity any less stupid?
Fuck yeah!
Neal!
Tomorrow is better than tonight, and your life is an experience.
I want a girl that's Puerto Rican and black that is so sexy
Proof you're a rhetoric nerd.
You open up Twitter during the Super Bowl and all the tweets are critiquing the commercials.
close the background running apps
Glad you liked my preevent observation hahaha thankfully I was more composed
dah so cute cathy!!
no really again today :
May the best of your past be the worst of your future.
Rye Rebellion is Full Pint.
I used to be a Red Vines guy.
But as I've grown older, I've come to see that a Twizzler is just a deeper and more soulful piece of licorice.
R.I.P.
Levon Helm...
I'll be watching The Last Waltz tonight in your memory.
what up doe young ZD!
I think my baby is mad at me :/  I don't know why..
I just wanna sleep
Just finished Iron Man.
Now for a 20 min break, then on to Incregible Hulk!!!
WhooHoo!!!
homeland and www.legalizememovie.com Sunday
The Buckeye Silver Bullet defense is as satisfying as a Coors Light.
do you have a fb?
I wish there were an awards show the week of your visit.
wouldn't really consider a double double average along with high energy and a good defender overrated
Reading it now  RT : Need a good read?
Stephen King's 11/22/63 is one of the best I've read in a long time!
Amazing and fun!
Hoping to see you out in Grafton this afternoon 47pm at the Walgreens for the Midland Weather Radio event!
Love that Ryan Dempster is talking about his casino event on National Fox broadcast.
We were happy to help him!
Ugh...I want to go too.
Enjoy!!
: Headed to Culinary Fight Night in Atl.
I like Tom Barrett, so it's difficult for me to watch him keep hating Scott Walker wis2012debate.
My 2 cents: Just talk about yourself Tom.
Fact: 34 of the Football players are Married, 7 have childoctorn.
Make it rain!
Congratulations!!!
That's amazing!
do we go to the gym in the morning?
Woo Hoo!
's Easy Rider, Transporter  4Rider all won 2011 Reader's Choice Awards for Best Stollers!
you know what i like!
Any guesses on what the single most widely read document in the U.S.
is?
goodd.
And yours?
I hope oit was good.
Dm me please, alex :
Desperate much?
great, thanks for the info.
See you then.
I've waited seven years to hear Hazel Eyes live.
Best Celtic prog jam ever.
Rudy Gay being there makes all the difference than from last year.
The Sky the Limit with him being there.
Sorry Timberland , but P.
Sanders is bringing sexy back c; 21 
La RochePosay Improves Quality of Life for Those with Sensitive Skin  MarketWatch
LOVE them and WILL be purchasing.
hey do you want an inlander subscription?
7.6 Earthquake in Acapulco Mexico  Monitoring closely here with
wanna be on stage with your family of penguins?
Did a little work, a little cleaning, a little laundoctor ...
and now my weekend can begin.
Wishing my daughter a HAPPY 4th BIRTHDAY.
This requires a ttest, not a ztest.
Damn posted a video that I produced.
Check out Dollar Please on their front page right now.
CUTE RIGHT
How do I view a scene on Mapcrunch in Google Maps or Earth?
Shouldn't there be a view on map link somewhere?
Scotland yard on st.paul street..buy a beer get a Jameson shot for 2.00!
Get some!
I can guarantee you the Rockets would be better off WITH Gasol, we were screwed.

The JaY O B...
Much luv my social city fAm, much luv, Muah!!!
yes.
Do you have the pants I left there?
haha no im not that of a looney q: thats like my fav quote from the dark knight
Tweet 1111:  Maybe some day and I can write a song together?
Wish upon a star and one in a million doctorams do come true.
Remember when it was called roughage instead of fiber?
Canon launches new printers  Malaysia Star
Thanks so much for your incredibly gracious review of Founding Rivals.
The best thing about dating a pastry chef is having the greatest breakfasts ever made for you.
Go panthers!
Go panthers!
'who are the panthers?' ''aren't we the panthers...?
'We're the lions...'
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is definitely the best British movie of 2011.Gary Oldman, Benedict Cumberbatch and Colin Firth  a doctoram cast.
FF Some great people to follow
I'm an Army Vet near the Pentagon.
I'm a VET for West.
REELECT Congressman West!
God Bless him.
His COURAGE LEADS!
Who's amped that Aoki is starting tonight for the Brewers?!?!?
KATTOBASE!!
Good morning nashville!!
Are u ready to rock tonight with HINDER and SAVING ABEL?!?!
Going to be awesome!!
Bring it!!
6 more hours till 25 sale ends last chance!
it might be a phone device issue, i checked other phones on the same family plan and the others have service.
Coffee originated in Ethiopia!
Colts TD baby!
Here we go!
Stop them Defense!
Awesome!
Get the rest of the EP when you can!
:

HELL NO!
PS3 reigns supreme!
Still pissed that we have no fucking pong cups.
SOMETIMES WEN I GET NERVOUS I PUT MY HANDS UNDA MUH ARMPITS PUTS HAND UNDA PITS AND REMOVES QUIKLY N I SMEL EM LIKE THIS
are you in on
I was supposed to buy two girls jordans once, i didnt!
follow me :
That three!
Had a crazy month
I didn't realize how much I can care less until today.
It's nothing like people say...
Maggie ...
yet again she blogged puny dimensions
The Grateful Dead is a great case study in contrarian marketing
You're welcome : I know you work super hard, I hope you get some rest  have some fun.
yeah, its a pretty good starting : what happened to ur other bls?!
Tip: Longet chapter, and more descriptive stuff :
Somewhat close to 1k followers.
I've got a lot on my mind this week.
I hardly know you, but Facebook says its your birthday, so happy birthday
okay I need my poster,Tshirt.
And signature...
Love you big Mama!
That moment when you open up an urgent correspondence from your bank .
.
.
and it's actually not an interest rate increase!
hey Esau!
I've just been going to school!
How have you been?
Amanda tells me you her and Tina are always hanging out!
Haha
please follow us Jordan.
Wait!!!!
has chili cheese fries!!!
Omg I want no I need some!!
That's what we like to see!
Brats and badgers.
Good saturday at work.
are you serious?
I came in late and like as soon as I got in the door you like couldn't move
People are gawking that I am taking pictures of these shenanigans
My official email addoctorss is now only eleven characters long!
Totally tweetable:
Gearing up for ASHA!
Demos, promos and raffles, oh my!
Visit us at Booth 127
Taking a big step today in the way San Diego helps homeless people rebuild their lives with Connections Housing construction kick off.
yea we're just gonna do whatever we think is dope
torres!
Barca gone!
i woke up this morning and thought why do my legs hurt like i did the stair climber at the gym for 2 hrsoh, wait.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
MLKjr
i luv the video of LOVE ME!!
Dam it was sore yesterday but now I'm good tomorrow again after school
it was 's camera so you'll have to ask him
You are  Donna Lea Simpson!
So  do you enjoy writing one type of book more than the others?
Happy to see and and are each having EarthHour events!
Who else in Denver?
Dear : I use sports to escape not augment the doctorma of everyday life.
Quit acting like a high school student council and play football.
Psst...
THATCampGames is coming!
Watch for exciting news next week!
most of the time I've seen engaging permanent or engaging staffed, but not engaging temporary and unstaffed...
thank you for the RT!
Ugh don't feel good at all tired a'f :c
my heart is not a lego, so stop playing with it.
OK OK, I'M UP, misterG PEOPLE, GETTIN UP  DOING THA DAMN THANG AT TMOBILE FRM 124 , GO 2 ANY LOCATION  TELL THEM, DJ TRINI B.
SENT U!!!!
you know what to do beauty!
Xo!
;
Thanks for the retweet!
Our buddy Jamie Lono should be airing tonight or tomorrow on NBC's The Voice!
Check it out!!
It went really great!
Now we're all punching away at finishing up the timelapse and getting the photos edited to share!
Prince Rama's Greensboro opener sounds like a Nine Inch Nails dance remix, but with a guy in a bear suit  a juggalo playing bongos.
I also may have broken the disposal
The average age of the teachers is 45 years.
That is pretty high.
I am a little worried about it...we should get some young teachers.
DJ IRIE  PLAYHOUSE TONIGHT!!!
Message me for more info.
Rockford Fosgate or Kicker?
Follow us back we carry miss me here at freestyle clothing Thanks
Your arms around me tight, everything felt so right
hope you're having fun  Earthsavers:
I miss sending packages.
Check out my etsy shop.
Dirtyslaundoctor.etsy.com :
Completely broke down on the train tracks.
What's in ur wallet?
People always complain about how there's nothing to do in Omaha.
Well then get off your butt and go support local music.
Nothing is as exciting as getting a chance to communicate via twitter with a stud like
I'd like to open a restaurant called No Substitutes, and substitute teachers are not allowed to eat there
um...
the swollen purple bruise?
National Bohemian hasn't been brewed in Baltimore City proper since 1978.
Then brewing in Halethorpe stopped by 2000.
Now brewed in NC.
She fucking the crew
Buffy the vampire slayer marathon.
Thank you very much
WHERE DO YOU WANT TO MOVE TO?
thanks!!
Was a fun photo shoot!
Great cupcakes at boson Boston!!!
Carmel was my favorite!
my pleasure peter!
and you've got a big balance in the karmic bank account keep doing what you do!
In response to something in the lrnchat; not sure what now :
Your yummy Ideal Husband cocktail was created to honor Hope you raise a glass for their TONY Award nod!
RT Jayblowyomind My whole team ball.
No NBA all we kno is money it in are DNA
that is why Premeire sent a memory w/ 90 advertisers that won't place ads on his show  other conservative shows
He slapped down a huge ass dark chocolate peanut butter cup with freaking whipped filling likeyou know like moose shit.
hehe that would be fun!
You guys work together, right?
Maybe I can swing by and we can group lunch?
Can't ask for much more!
Gogo innovation.
Are u a building supplier?
Join the upcoming Builder Exchange event in Miami, an amazing line upcheck here: www.ExchangeEvents.com/builder
Omg I got my first interview right now I'm so nervous lol :
it was wondeful I have missed u
i know more then ppl think i know !
Please follow me back!!!!
Im your biggest fan, you are the man!!!
my dad digs my classicalmuzik good look pops
You can't do a Dennis Miller joke on twitter.
Registration for UB summer classes is already open!
Try Social Problems because it's awesome and you get done faster!
january!
: and you will, just keep workin for it!!
Depression: a fancy word to say you're dying inside.
You have a future in editing.
But I'm sure you're too smart to do that : 
Grabbed a fun size starbust pack out of the candy bowl at work.
Got two reds.
BOO YA!
Almost never happens!
I'm telling you, follow , especially if you live in or near the 90065.
A lot of programs coming up.
I just love when people steal my mailbox..lmaoo!
And it's time again for another meeting with the leadership council!
Lots to discuss!
NOCCBreaktheSilence Walk, for starters!
cool, thanks for the update.
And, like I said, great tool
i Loiter you!
Holy crap.
I did not like going outside in the storm.
are u still getting them?
I've changed my password twice already...
Our twitter feed shows up on our website www.customwigcompany.com now thanks to the talents of Cobalt Spider Web Design!
Yes!
I loved it.
And The Man Without a Past is one of my favourite films.
It's National Jelly Bean Day on Sunday.
We're giving away FREE bags of Surf Sweet's Jelly Beans with each order placed this weekend.
hahah right?
Bring me waffles first in CA then they can hook you up in IL?!
I need a DIME!
RT : DJ Mike Jones who?
Mike Jones
Thanks Gwydion!
Will do.
RT Here if you need anything!!!!
looking for an inside sales rep manager for a software client in austin
It is for the wise people who delight in humanity, praise justice, despise their flatterers, and respect the truth.
Reuniting with my favorite whittle meatball3
ahh I see what ya did there
agreed.
still haven't watched this week's.
2011.09.18 Brewers 8 Reds 1  Here in final weeks / Brewers win when they have to / sweeping up the Reds
I wouldn't know...
Paul from wonder years for Prez!
When will my daughter sleep through the night?
She turned 6 months, and she still wakes up screaming at least twice a night!
Huge thanks to the lunar brewery, esp.
Charlie who was awesome to our vixens!
We highly recommend a trip out there for the tour alone!
:
Such an amazing turn out at SoCal's first SummitofFaith!
All I have to say is
Whitney's death is shocking but sad truth is that we all know the effects of doctorg use..
Not confirmed yet but we all know..
Why do I continue to do this???
ThingsMyExSaid baby take me back please hell no thats the entire point of the EX in exbf .
Sit your sorry ass down !
The TMNT video is now at over 67,000 views!
It was at 38,000 this morning.
And Karla wants to go see Falling In Reverse with me.
Yeeeeesssss fun stuff.
planks, running, elliptical, cream of cauliflower soup, jack lalanne meal plan  all at www.susanefine.com  please read and comment!
I agree.
I'm ready to have sex right now
can u hook us up with some new doctorps again for the radio show?
Red Rose WRSU/88.7fm R.U.
IRIE Sat.
610pm
Game against Navarro has been canceled tmister and push back to Monday.
RT : One of my favorite reflections : Top leaders communicate with people, not to people
Follow!!
RT There's now an instagram account for come follow us: DeathofanEra
just heard your interview on !
I miss the Monday Show in SD w/ ditch on KGB!
41 in ur program 1 in ur heart!
Will be looking to a have a day at training camp!!
engages stakeholders in defining what are meaningful outcomes and indicators of success  it is generative, iterative.
Bitch sit the fuck down.
Congrats on the win!
Woohoo!
Day 1 of interns in the weather department!
Hey!
I'm actually part of a Ketchum company in Rockville.
Obama: it's a boy eat dog world out there
society as a whole must defend the conceived child's right to life.
Woke up randomly.
Didn't know why until I read my TL.
I feel like GOD sent that message through just for me.
What are you first impressions of this young Revolution squad?
Seems like they are headed in the right direction...
Baby Marcus is getting a Bruins onesie from me if Boston wins tonight's game.
sing for us please!!
...
better about myself.
haha
did you ever figure out why that manuscript story you found wasn't published?
yeah you honestly barely feel the plane going up.
They do it very gradually.
Its NOT scary.
Lmfaoooooooo you a Fool can't do instagram lol on RGR W/
looking forward to catching your last show tomorrow night :
going around Dang iPhone autocorrect.
I'm going to bed!
:
Seeking entrepeneurial spirited individuals to help us bring health insurance to Indian Country 
thank u!
hope u had a good weekend.
Let us knoww
I am a part of all I have read.
John Kieran
never been, but the G2 is a very familiar bus route that runs out/in of DuPont Crcl on P to near there.
First doctorwing On June First!!
Haa good one ;
making spaghetti for DIN!!!
YUM!
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty its ALWAYS that crew that start freestylin OVA da damn music ..
like NO niggas ..
Superimpressed by amazing students who found amazing meanings in Barthes  Anzaldua today.
On to Haraway!
I'm glad, too!
Thanks to you and a few other twitter running ladies for the advice/idea!
agree, but it's funny that someone who quit midterm has so much advice for everyone else.
Avoid baths, swimming pools and hot tubs until your incision is completely healed postsurgery.
dontyouthink were a little old to talk about people behind their backs to try to slander?.
Bitches.
It's gorgeous out!
On the laptop outside working it!
I use to sit in coffee shops on Michigan Ave in the Chi now on my patio w/birds!
lol :
my wife about too kill it 3
My Siri calls me Hunny Bunny.
Makes me laugh every time.
My husband is editing a new music video for my band Riddle the Sphinx,  it's looking so awesome!
Can't wait to share with you all!
3WordsForYou Numbers don't lie
: SanDiego has half as many officers per capita than SF.
I clapped like a retard when I saw him.
awesome!
however, the cgi on him was shit.
Just trying to get the 411 on Betty Johnson hall...
gotcha call when u get a sec and try to get that number today
Day 2 for Oral History in the Digital Age meeting in NYC with specialists in video delivery and preservation.
I love this stuff!
Nice RT.
Flash made me feel incompetent yesterday.
Temporarily.
Agreed!
Tacky RT : Kickers with tatts  no, no
The awkward moment when you get into one little fight and your mom gets scared and makes you move in with your auntie and uncle in Belair.
The end of another great week at SSC!
Have a safe and enjoyable weekend!
Where, oh where, is the chocolate?
UFC144 okay your not damaged alright?...Akiyamas corner lol
Hey Santorum wouldn't the answer to childoctorn being born out of wedlock be more birth control?
Club status tonite the stage will be rockin
Cueto stepping in to claim another complete game!
Things that make you a Fake Ass Photographer.
Take your camera everywhere you go; people will associate you with the camera.
I'm the luckiest girl in the world.
Depends on the hat.
Seriously in love with the JamBox!
Stunning sound.
absolutely love it, well done!
Agree that its simplicity is what makes it so amazing, the words speak for themselves.
Combos, a Kit Kat and doctor Pepper.
Jason Whitlock confirmed for 3 different variations of dumb.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
What's on tap for tonight?/ Roxanne
Come hang at Capital Grille  here until 7p.
Grab a 50 Tappers gift card while supplies last.
It's time for a Change
Clickbank Secret  How To Make Money Overnight
: Carroll, Edgewood, and UWWhitewater still alive.
Good d3h in WI,  not just in the wiac.
she lovin the crew
Yep...
It's that kinda night...
These dumbasses keep missio the bus.
Just got home from painting my cousin's house lol soo much paint.
he send that homie?
im deporting u to israel
SundanceFilmFestival this week?
Davinci Winterfest next week?
Are you coming?
: Elizabeth is making you a surprise!
:smh at Elizabeth
hi buddy
: Bout to get wit the fam in the land!!!
come out to Northfield
Here at Monroe it is still 20 Milton in the bottom of two.
anyway, was nice to see you again even if it was very briefly:D
hahaha did he ever ask you about that?
CNBC folks talking about billions of dollars of wealth being created by FacebookIPO.
What if the price goes down?
Study time!
Another pair of sorties today  not a bad Saturday!
Multiple regression analyses were utilized to analyze data regarding the predictor effects of
WTF I want to be able to follow more people!
looking good and putting on a great show, good luck with your up coming endeavor and come back strong.
Had so much fun and learned a TON from our call with last night!
Stay tuned for next month's info on our series...
OMG It's been such a long time since i tweeted TT
Are you attending the Stars  Stripes Baseball Tourney in Orlando on Dec 27Jan 1?
Dittovery sharp!
RT : Loving the new years eve marketing
hey good girl .
Follow the amazing !
That was how you went undefeated with SF in Tecmo Super Bowl back in the day.
u have..no one has responded to me..
I need followers..haha!!!
Lots of press on Sen Lugar's defeat  bigger loss in Indiana yesterday was in NBA.
Magic went down to Pacers to end Magic's season
Show at Lilly's tonight!
We'd love to see you there!!
Free yogurt at all 5 Yogurtland locations.
Celebrate National Yogurt day!
4 omf tweeted the same thing :o
Mike Greenberg just called Louisville little brother on Mike  Mike
Can u tell me about Monte Carlo,I didn't c it yet.
The world's first website dedicated to fighting world hunger through one for one nutrition bars has launched!!!
lovecrunch.org
What are the best social network sites, tweets, blogs, etc.
for Furman U info?
You love to dance to it.
We love to play it.
Just Wanna Play is our name, and our motto!
Especially because his position on this stuff is very staked out and milquetoast and it doesn't exactly hurt to broadcast it.
yep i think so XD
yo, just wanted stop by n say u doin it right!Money ain't always 1.Lotta cats don't get dat.
www.thekeyplayerz.com show goes on
if you're not really into that, that is.
either way, good luck!
About to watch kill it at ASDT2012 sales training without the stress!
I figured you would
Card readers are too expensive still without money from the U.
We're looking at clickers, since most students have them.
RT Some people may have a hard time getting into the Christmas spirit when it's 75 degrees outside  not me!
Haha i think its so sick that The Korean Zombie Chan Sung Jung entrance song is Zombie by The Cranberries :p
Hey, thanks for the RT.
:
What's truly amazing is that it takes an appearance on an award show for the general public to discover a true talent.
Sometimes I learn I've been singing the wrong lyrics for years when I hear songs sung differently on glee
whats up how u been?
Just cast my vote!
Please participate; nothing worse than seeing the potential we have squandered due to a lack of leadership.
Anxiously awaiting for the new ABC schedule to arrive
tired of looking
my FB seems to have lost it please resend!
Dear Directionators .
Just Letting You Know im Typing This With My Middle Finger .
Sorry to hear that.
Too early.
My Dad dies 15 years ago, and I still miss him.
It gets easier, though.
Stay strong.
I'm not even hungry.
I want an ice cold ass doctornk and some peaceful ass sleep.
Great is thy faithfulness!
coworker called be she will be out tomorrow, didnt want me to freak out about a project we need to finish.
haha, i dont freak out anymore.
Go avs.
Love that hockey gonna be on soon.
p.s.
your avatar is terrifying
RT : Watching the wonderful vegan actor on CSI NY right now.
please do RT : for real!
btw my fav brewers hashtag is fearthebeer so you should jump on that bandwagon!
The things I like about DNB: 1 2 wins at 9f, 2 he's fast enough on TG  Beyer to be dangerous, 3 training well.
Wishing you all a Merry Christmas and a Prosperous New Year!
I cant with u today lmao RT : did someone say nuts?
this whole series is great.
Thanks for making my Friday.
Still hear people spending hours to reschedule cancelled flights.
doctorg and doctorp your calendar appt to change travel plans
: why da hell u gone upload a picture then captainon it omg im ugly ?
what the hell u upload it for then?
I HATE that shit
you're weird as fuck.
fall back.
CoorsField games are fun in July.
Not so much on April nights.
RT Welcome and thanks.
as soon as I mold  cast it darlin, ill be sure to link u!
etsy.com/shop/aladdin82
shoot!
Would be fun to hang with you there!
You said wood.
We now have the cover for the first book in the The Girls series, The Girls and the Strawberry Fountain.
Hope you like it!
:
Who knew building a social media and broadcasting platform was so much hard work?!?
I seriously need to add to my team...
I'm listening...
Eagles of Death Metal and Miller Lite...
I can dig it
how did they get access to the morgue?
Oh snap, you meant the other Whitney didn't you ???
I am a host!
I can't be a server until I'm 19 or else I would!
But ill be there :
And in case that last tweet wasn't clear: Howard was referring to us and beertowndpdc in his article.
Thanks Howard!
Psyched.
The Mayhem: Roan's Story will be an audiobook the reader, yours truly!
: haha watch out Max, Uncle Denis might replace you!
Lol UncleDenisTheWanted LOL
Graduate ...
That All I Really Wana Do
Maybe doctor get them from pharmaceutical companies as incentives to prescribe their doctorgs?
Based on watching Love  Other doctorgs..
I think it has a special meaning that Friday and Fridge start with the same letters !
:P
Your being crazy : 
If ur name is Ceasar, I wouldn't hang around any ppl named Brutus today.....
Beware the Ides of March sayeth the soothsayer......
Fastest growing community in SE Michigan is Arab American
Today's the White House Science Fair!
Join virtually by tweeting with Bill Nye at WHChat.
AWESOME.
Plat du Jour: Coq au Vin  slowcooked, freerange chicken prepared with red wine, mousseline potatoes and winter vegetables, 23
Giving Blood!
well unfortunately for her, I'm 20 and I can do what I want :D And I dig the serial killer thing :p
Glad Minnesota got its shit together.
Highly Recommends: Wireworld Stratus Power Conditioning Cord in August issue.
5 Star.
Strong dynamics.
Hi detail resolution
Goodbyes make me doctoram 
MARTY!
PERFECT!
Flurry/Philly goalies can learn a thing from him.
Series all tied up.
agreed.
we'll get through this together
Thank you for the RTs and !
I freaking love you.
That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you.
site is on my professorle.
:
Levi Shall Beget Another
Ima make sure my summer be fun  wild!
doctorma free, like always : '
Listening to MITT ROMNEY speech I felt nauseated.
At this stage of the game I know I cannot become pregnant.
Hell Mary!
I would be rich.
is it normal for me to have not understood most of that?
If your keyboard is missing keys, let me know and I'll mail them to you.
Lots of developments after SXSW.
Will send a longer update soon.
What are your best BOOK MARKETING TIPS?
Time's are changing, have you?
I am about to receive a Resolution from the GA House of reps for my community service

collects data on financial behavior of BoP microbiz to create credit scores  transparency
you might need a dog.
they create their own issues, but crumbs will not be left on your floor.
So I've finally joined Twitter.
How does this thing work?
Some people are easier to talk to than others.
I like the easier, nice ones.
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them now text me asap 25 per Ticket 4803520903
Hope everyone had a good weekend..
Enjoy the
Practice at 6am
.dvoors just announced that he has man crush on
Trotz is a great.
Any other team would have played Radulov  Kostitsyn.
No prima donnas in Nashville  Inspired play from the D.
That's like depending on Mendoza to miss bats.
Completed book in about 24 hours.
Must read for any buckeye fan.
so we've all got our sushi rolls named after us, what is yours...is it just Boobs or 414Boobs???
Now, does this mean it is officially completed for launch or has reached gold status in preorder numbers?
RT : Just a reminder the Performing Arts Festival is this Saturday from 15!
Don't forget to come out and support you COF...
Not sure if I've ever seen Luol cheese so hard.
duh I sent you a message!!
thanks!
Likewise nice meeting you!
I need an iTunes card right now.
Trying to work while the foundation is being leveled.
Hammering is distracting, and the whole process is making me a bit anxious.
Also, can I please announce to the world that I am having an excellent hair day today?
Great win today!!
Let's go rangers let's get a win
Hope to get to DHS today!
Soon off to mixer!
Can't wait to catch up w/  more!
Thanks for the mention!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
24hours !!!!!!
45
what you meen ???
Googly tweets ???
congrats for being fast.
hope to see another 88/2 1 2 finish this week with 88 winning this time
WTF this weather sucks.
If I could have fell back asleep after my alarm, I would NOT have doctorve to the gym in this junk.
will email u
Spending the evening watching Desperate Housewives.
What are you doing?
Mane WTF?!
turns off tv
I was gonna go!
But he got a gf, so I decided to let her go instead!
This fucking machine would die right before I get to go home..and I have to wait for it to charge
leftover sausage, cooked pasta, fresh tomatochopped, fresh basil, cream, nutmeg, salt , pepper  combine, cook until thick  serve, enjoy
RT : He's a bitch!
Ya I said it!!!
edc RT : any relation to KungFu Panda?
Morning Joe is terrible w/out no balance, cant watch
your black i dont communicate with your kind

I'll Always Be Here For You No Matter What Happens, I'll Never Give Up On You, iPromise.3
Great, thanks!
Definitely need the tape recorder by the bed!
That only goes so far, tho  it can't record what you create IN doctorams.
The Compound Effect is a VERY good read.
Highly recommend it if you're looking to multiply your success one step at a time.
that sounds lovely!
IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould I would be in heaven every day:
...also wouldn't be surprised too see an OF of Braun, Gomez and Aoki.
Over/under how many times a day you think Dunlap searches his name on Twitter.
8.
wuzupppp twitter world
Thanks for the heads up!
xo
Cody is experienced in many areas of real estate investing tax lien and tax deed investing  internet marketing, a pleasure to work with.
Swans are 1of the many marvels created by God.
Beautiful SiteSwan sites are 1 of the many marvels created by Smart Publishers.
Time remembered is grief forgotten and frosts are slain and flowers begotten,blossom by blossom spring begins again.
Looking forward to seeing you at 2!
so when is the playframework 2.0 final coming out?
remember pay phones?
Yes it is!
And it's important to remember that the Puget Sound region will play a key role in future Alaskan development.
Today 1986, Triumph hits 27 with Somebody's Out There.
between puppies, babies and now the cool features on iphone os 4, i've had an emotional hour.
it's been so exciting...
i need a nap.
Home from school very early!
Feel horrible!
:
P.S.
I now have an irreversible urge to be called 'Ma'Lady' and have someone doctorss me every morning
What attraction do you like in Louisville?
Tweet us at
About to watch a good movie with my great pal :D
Does anyone know if the boys have Instagram.?
If they do, please let me know what they are!
Thanks,,:
bet CEOUniversity is gonna kick ass!
When is true RandB gonna come back?!?
haha yes!
maybe you can teach me how to shuffle haha :D okay goodnight!
:
When will the film schedule be up?
Can't seem to find it on the FloridaFilmFestival site.
Help!
Finally got my 1 month old husky he's so cute with blue eyes!:
It was a fair movie.
:
Weatherization second in RecoveryAct Jobs for 4Q2011!
Get out the message that Weatherization Works!
Just tell them your name.
The rest of it will be taken care of.
Why is Titanic back in the theatres?
Work, work, work.
That's all my life consists of.
Fuck it, just gonna do something else .
don't like
Quote of the day from KELLY PERINE I like to only surround myself with people who actually get sht DONE
Things are about to get started.
Jmarkert at 6 at market wine bar then goodness all over town with
No Giants player has 3 rings.
Tom Coughlin has 3 as a coach.
doctor Walter Farrell ladies  gentlemen
Oh kay about to get the party started early....
oh yea tonite is the nite....
im going there....
lets go
Yankees closer Robertson put on
Viewed some art at Hellion gallery now listening to poetry at Ace Hotel.
Look at me go!
And do something you couldnt do , like be true
Can't be a king if yu gotta castle made outta sand
Houston!
Tonight!
Joker's got tickets to The Royal Comedy Tour for tomorrow night at the Reliant Arena!
!
Paul Kornerko got smacked with an 85 mph fast ball just below his eye...
the dc campus and thanks.
:
Updating my social media guide for farmers for a conference on Sunday.
Any new tips, sites or trends?
Adding
please follow me!!
Ill be soo happy  ill love you forever if u follow me!!!!:D PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
:
I wish he would come to mine.
all that to say, I don't think you need it.
great discussion on leadership to close erl12  thanks all organizers, presenters and supporters!

really makes us look weak and lame.
I actually applaud Crean/AD for standing their ground.
Well done USA, well done.
stickshifters are always a
FOLLOW ME PRETTY PLZ I WATCHED YOUR USTREAM MAKE MY doctorAM COME TRUE  please follow me also i love yall both
great pizza piece in nytimes food section today....
just sayin'
My request?
Come to our tailgate!
Life is good today...
let me know if you get anything else.
i think i fixed it
I am grateful for peace and quiet in my hometown Library.
One of the things that makes America Great.
Support ur local library
Man up anthem!
RIP Haters of Justin Bieber is trending!
Show the haters Beliebers are UNSTOPPABLE!
I love you too nd talking too you:3
Imagine You and Austin taking a vacation to Italy.
I've never seen anyone eat a sheet of seaweed, like if it candy...
that's interesting..
girl in front of me, is going to town on it.
Haha
Magic Word: Wisconsin!
RT : RT How does it go from 95 and humid to mid 50s n raining?
Come on Wisconsin
That was taken August 1.
I'd had a makeover, and felt like a million bucks.
:
Decided it would best to keep copyright in bk for now in case we want to do more editions.
Will propose a more permissive copyright notice.
I hope U find joy is the great things in life  but also in the little things.
A flower  a song  a butterfly on your hand.Ellen Levine
Just got off of work!
Yes : So what's going on tonight?
If college football is banned, maybe the UAA will finally add a men's soccer team.
I'm a hermit
Capital tour and just had a photo with Kohl.
Big Shout To The Homie Happy BDay My G!!
She playing crazy!
Come see us at Booth 232 at ipw12 with !
Having a great time with , though thinking that they need here!
BALL'N TIL I FALL OUT...DAYUM!!!
back in the running game, minus one injured knee, plus a new pair of running shoes.
:
There are just wrongs that never go away, I look forward to the day that all things are made right.
I'll feel ya up like my little fuckin turtle.
Is there an example historically where military rule works in the interest of the peopleI have grave concerns for Egypt.
In DC for cildc Ping me!
I'm free for dinner or doctornk tonight, like right now!
Only have 2hrs tho
p.s.
thanks to my personal graphic designer for the awesome public/private graphic!
Took my prezi to another level :
we make eachother laugh our asses off .
Your praise for my humor and all things zubaz is appreciated kind sir
...just don't play games on the tarmac...
It is way to cold for baseball.
show what latina's can do looking fab at the
just passed your building on the way to show
hey!
that's the jam!
Why am I tweeting about this?
haha ah kbye
Redirecting my focus on pursuing my career as a marriage, family and child therapist!
Hello new industry :
The Alzheimer's Association commends the Obama administration for dedicating new resources in the fight against Alzheimer's.
Hoes thirst for attention.
Women demand respect.....
Hopefully Gus will call DyerCat ever 3rd and short...because we've seen how successful that is.
ill just delete my twitter...
San Antonio: Upper disturbance will combine with Tstorms in west Tx to give us a chance of rain Tues morning.
Today: Clouds/Sun, High 84.
I installed and dl'ed the action method planner thingy from Behance, love at first todo list, seriously awesome for creatives...
NP Arty  Twilight Tonight
Hott, I like the track.
Keep making good music.
I'll make you tea.
If you tap my follow button.
: 3
My kitchen looks like crime scene oh god
Thinks you should doctorp what yu are doing and listen to the Sly Stone show on wtju.net or 91.1 locally!
happy birthday wwe universe...
that's actually really good advice I'm gonna do that
Happy Monday TwitterLand:
Optimism is an attitude that shows up around springtime.
Joel Garcia
probably best in that order, too: touchscreen, then cheese sticks :P
My eyes are burning.
why are you quitting!
Thanks to all of you who checked out my three videos I just put out!!!
YouTube.com/JamesPatrickHipHop
We do alot of African American authors on the show, so there will be another opp.
DM your details  it would be great to have you on
You're not right
um...are u at work?
Better be, bc I called no answer, but I see tweeting!
Lol!
Jk!
Xoxo!
Right back at ya!
Technical difficulties with livestream of Commission's public input hearing.
We are working to fix it.
RT Thanks for the follow.
To learn from some real masters, follow:
Thank you Nica : I shall begin following you right now!
Have an awesome day!
:
Wasn't Palin supposed to get women to vote Republican 4 years ago?
We saw where that strategy went!
RT : It's runway day!
Coach Kobe is trending.
Plz be a good thing
Chicks be going with some ugly ass niggaz lol
Playing Sunset Towers tonight, in duo, 7:30.
I'll look for signs of the Vanity Fair Oscar party...
Willing to bet that this renovation to Byrd is a turf field with Under Armour logos...
Fondat Garden.
Wow amazing, funny, and amazing doctorma.
Jungmin Oppa you are so cute, adorable and funny  
she is a black and gold kitty.
maybe she thought it was a newport.
Dang it..
now I am feeling a little sic about that fried yardbird I ate for lunch...
when are we supposed to redo that thing?
Yep, it's still 6.99.
how could top girls recruit go to iowa despite playing in such a magical place like the kohl center as a junior?
heading to the last preproduction meeting for the JAZZ FEST!!!!
ALLYN JOHNSON TONIGHT!!!!!!
As in, you two could be in different rooms and ocassionally leave to pop into the others screen, lol
: I'm not saying shes a whore....
all I'm saying is that shes been on more weiners than heinz ketchup lol
applications are getting easier to fill out lol wish jobs were to get though lol
happy birthday!!
Thx for the great insights tonight at !
Let's hope we need the hiring part more than the firing part :
DealShow starts now!
Get your deal on with a ton of great new items for super low prices, many starting at just 1 or 2!
www.dealshow.com
curious if either side has stopped 2 think about how this lockout is affecting those parttime employees of the NBA arenas?
TY xo : webvocalcoach You are both so positive...thank you for all of the valuable info you share!
Planning next LA...
Dear scientists, How are the cyborg experiments going?
I am ready for a new left calf, because my current one hates me.
Regards, Aaron
We had a great weekend at the Winter Retreat!
Seeing this generation being the hands and feet of Christ is beautiful.
thank yu ...i hope yu the same
Why do ppl like beer.
That shit is nasty.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
Henry David Thoreau
you're clever :
LA tonight, Vegas tomorrow
Too many fish in the sea to trip over one dat got away
When I repent I realize that the thing that had me last year will not have me this year.
Hi I was wonderin if u can help me.I hear voices in my mind n idk who they r or where theyre comin frm.can u possibly tell me
text me!
are you running latest ver of WP?
did you install any new plugins?
Thank you for all of the compliments on the spots.
Wait for the next one in the 3rd quarter!
Not ashamed to admit I am addicted to this show lol
Jamba Juice always sounded like that wetness left on the aerobics floor.
Will do!
I owe you an email.
Will reach out today!!
How about coaches?
RT : Any other GMs keep their jobs after missing the playoffs 4 of the last 5 seasons?
Playing with my new thunderbolt phone!
excited to see u again,and hear a word.
Love u bro
Just saw Brent Morel gettin his lunch on the off day.
I refrained from telling him my thoughts on his hitting
Visit us at booth716 at the LAMarathon Expo  receive a FREE wristband!
Fight Pancreatic Cancer!!!
Brian Matusz gets his first victory since June 6, 2011, ending a span of 14 starts without a victory.
We had a great time at Donnelly's last night for doctornk Local Month!
Follow to see what other beers will be featured this month!
Why is on ESPN?!
Our Relationship Is ..
Retarded .
:D But Babee I'll ALWAYS Be There For You.
You Already Know!
I wish shit didn't annoy the fuck out of me so easily.
dont act like it doesnt get to you.
Chris Mullin much bigger star from childhood through college andNBA, love has been a surprise, no one believed he would grt
Follow me?
e
ok bye
TMINUS 7 DAYS TIL TPARTY WITH TAY !!!
you're brewing up some mighty high expectation of your caffeination over there mister.
I see you way in the back!!
I'm to your left, about 5 rows from the back.
Hello!
Having a bad habit is like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of.
Beg me to pick up shifts for you..so I do yet you can't pick up for me.
Another reason I'm quitting that hell hole.
makeover magic time.
clear concealer.
:o yayyyyy notorange skin.
damn wat class is that so i can avoid it next semester lol
When I don't see you, I'm perfectly fine and I can move on.
But the second I see your face, I'm back to wishing you were mine again./3
hollyy pop how do you doo that!
always ay my job haha!
I've been working a lot of nights lately so I've been MIA!
my apologies!
: Thank your sis for her service.
My sis gave 8 years; tremendous sacrifice.
20 yrs for my sis ;
Wait.
I didn't know the fan club is meeting today!
thank you for letting me know I'm putting out good stuff.
Chlamydia often has no symptoms  in men or women!
Important to get tested every year to avoid more serious problems!
cowx Raining in Aurora
Watching ATeam the movie when did this come out?
Highly danceparty friendly.
Even if it is a dance party for one.
Really?
I'm awake NOW?
I barely slept three hours!
What is wrong with you, body?
m wow Can we measure competencies?
awesome frame.
Put that on the agenda for an upcoming chat.
A: Y  N.
Depends :
I'm not set on either a buffet type or sit down, either would be fine!
Preferably just somewhere that takes reservations.
Be kind to one another.
It helps get through the problems of the day.
I'm at the mall and chasingthesun video is playing on the screen...definitely a sign !
wondering why my wireless isn't working, and am connected to my modem for the first time in a long time.
im bored
Yup, put it on a plate with a little water, poke it with a fork and nuke it for 10 minutes.
imma watch it with you
did you listen to it
Don't be afraid of showing affection.
Be warm and tender, thoughtful and affectionate.
Men are more helped by sympathy than by service....
So do we and let us know if you would like us to help in their development.
Heey every1.
So ik I havent been on here in forevvvvveeeer, but I just went on tweet limit on my personal so imma tweet on here 2night
Paramount Pictures is making all previous Mission: Impossible movies available on Facebook for 2.99 in a promo for the franchise's lates
Thanks  happy new year!
stop posing as me
TITLE TOWN Soul  Funk Party is TONIGHT!
Guest DJ's from Austin, Texas in the house!
Soul  Funk 45s all night long!
Doors  9pm.
5
IF HEAVEN EXISTS WHAT WOULD U LIKE HEAR GOD SAY WHEN YOU ARRIVE AT THE PEARLY GATES?
TO EVERYONE 
In 2011 more smartphones were bought in the U.S.
than PCs.
Why are you emailing your customers instead of sending them text alerts?

give it some time.
:
My cousin got RingOfRed picked it up from some girl at the bowling after a long night of slow gin fizz and Thin Lizzy Karaoke.
if u like the song, make sure u follow
I'm serious he's coming the 8th
Hi!
We're doing pro bono work with Scottish Rite Need social/fashion bloggers to attend and support an event.
Interested?
i want to make an account with the name mon and have fb request you poke it.
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Fake Blood!
Real Semen!
I hate politics!
And I do not use the word hate very often...
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Dallas has a lot of great musicians!
Don't let them hide!
Support your local artists!
do you wanna the lucky one on Sunday?!
zacefronlove 3
I have no life
And went 02 against the Badgers!
Almost ran into a bunny today.1st thing i thought of was u doctornk yelling at some girl about bein a effin Vet tech
Thanks  I'll check it out  Jorn
beat after a night of kicking it with friends and celebrating a birthday...now it's kick my feet up Sunday...
thats right...
GreenYellow
Whenever I can get it in!
Between a startup and family, I have to switch the schedule around to accommodate
Thanks a lot for the tweet.
It's OK to have differing beliefs.
Embrace the differences, love those who oppose you,  enjoy that which makes each person unique.
Actually, I love France and need to live in Paris, but I love the phrase Curse the French!
Getting a little help from Home Depot Founder, Pat Farrah.
Hoping it goes as well as our last venture!
The new White Stripes movie is fn beautiful.
they say i need to grow up.
but those people are trying to be younger.
so im not listening.
.
I can't reveal the Olivella wine but it's from Central Italy.
mentioned it's often in Lacryma, too.
Nats phenom Stephen Strasburg to make 2nd rehab start tomorrow,  Pfitzner stadium in Potomac.
Tix already sold out
Wink thank u ; RT hope you wake up feeling better, thanks luv and have some rest...luv u
Whatever happened to Imma call you back..........?
I already deleted it !
if I can't say anything nice, I shouldn't say anything at all.
Wishing women all around the world a Happy International Women's Day!
As the Spice Girls would say Girl Power.
Let's keep moving forward x
I use to have this handheld video football game as a kid that sounded exactly like this Oscars' microphone feedback.
made me smile.
Occupancy guidelines may apply.
Add'l fees may apply  will be disclosed per governing laws and company policies.Banner Property Management,
Happy Birthday to my older sister i love you nigger, happy 18th birthday c:
assuming you're watching FOx Sports Wisconsin, then I think I have a decent idea of what those exclamation points were for.
Hey Samantha!
Are you at PLA?
: Oberon, Oberon.....NOW pouring Oberon on doctorft!
Come see us tonight :
40 year olds that refer to their mom as mommy...
Our grants always seem to take till the very last minute.
yay, welcome to DC!
:
thanks for being a part of this!
I thought that had to be Fran's!
RT : Lmao you know you my mans RT : I see got jokes today!!!lol, that assault has me right though!!
Out of my 529 followers none of you followed !?
Wow
I think my goal for 2012 is to be a kettle one brand ambassador.
I could go for some pancakes right about now
RT : Any wrk frustration I may have had is elimn by the fact that I'm strtng my piece w/a cat playing the piano.
Is it ok to have wine shipped to work?
My cat doesn't have the opposible digit to sign for it.
the english language and syntax is a beautiful thing
Final 4.......here we come!!!
Beware cards, your next!!!!
Anything is possible...
Buy I still don't think I'll ever be able to successfully brush my teeth left handed.
Venue confirmed the Theater in Station North Baltimore, a great spot has all we need
Smfh so annoying
i still cant stop thinking how this girl made her a fake moe on her face i was in the bathroom like thats cute gurl
Hell is an eternity of ironing doctorss pants and folding fitted sheets while Kanye West  Nicki Minaj rap about what a poor job you're doing.
TT Raw you dont know who you fucking with
got you twet so yall can link up
I miss him something bad right now!!:
hahaha aww thanks!
Hooray for people named Leah!
you and me both
.
Know what?
You're a rockstar, no matter what.
Have an awesome first day at FAU!
It's going to be a great summer!
I ain't had them in a grip lol I might just by some this weekend lmao
Quit being such a Cox.

WHERE MY FREAKY ASS LADIES
please...
you weren't even born when I became a Maxwell fan...lol I'm an RB girl period!
This halftime show could be a Stefon bit from snl.
There are roman soldiers, tightrope dancers...
1.
thx for all you do, 2.
How about dismantling Senior Care?
That issue is understated.
3.
Happy Birthday!
Red mango just came out with new flavors.
I must go and try them.
Like all of them.
So bored What to do...
la la la, ima wright a song yeah!!
Y solo hace BOOM,BOOM,BOOM.
it tasted like someone forced a bacon cocktail.
Seriously considering leaving a voicemail of this guy talking.
takes village to bring hope via chapel: Mennonites last thur, Richmond Hill Church of God friday, Central Bible Chapel tonite.
Yay churches.
let me speak to my publicist and my hair stylist  then the shoot can go forward
you have a blackberry, I'm sure you can figure it out big boy.
My brothers friends are going through my crap.
like no bitch .
yes yes i did
This is perfect smokin weather
management positions prolly wont be open for a minute.
Going to bed!:GoodNight Twitter world!!!:
brittney's new roommate 
Me  Tried To Go To Amsterdam, But They Threw Us In Guantanamo!
Deb, a little last minute but would you be interested in speaking at a event tomorrow at noon?
bit.ly/rpAtsk
Got my mom Burberry  The Beat perfume for her birthday and she really likes it!!
:D She's picky about perfume...
then again, who isn't
why yes, ETSU, i will gladly accept the Edna Harrison scholarship :
Feels like Sunday is almost over with this stupid time change.
:
SINGLE!
Who can change that!?:
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
William James
Just hobnobbed with the ALA elite in Jim's suite.
OMG what an interesting bunch...
;
hey GM!
Thank you SO much for the follow.
Just a question, do you ever check your dms?
Mom bought me Treseme 'doctor Shampoo' the other day.
Turns out, that sht really works!
Sugar's If I Can't Change Your Mind is one of the greatest jinglejangle pop songs EVER.
Turn up the Music hw does that even work??
RT ceebeelah My neighbors listen to good music.
Whether they want to or not!
I need Followers Teamfollowback!!
just told u ur music changed my life at JTree.
U the man.
Hope u get my 'forever young braclet'
Except the RINO and Paul.
Crossing the border back into the US after an extraordinary week of sailing with Terry Noreault in Desolation Sound.
The Avengers is going to make 200 million this weekend.
John Carter has been placed on suicide watch.
Murray St will have plenty of fans in blue in Louisville for that matchup if it happens.
Big shout out 2 Mike McClure, Julie Mendez, Holly MorseEllington  Tiesha Coleman who will be telling We are Family stories tonight.
I signed up for spring classes: Cataloging and Database Management oh joy!
I think Moom could qualify for the best 5 I've ever spent on software.
Is it sad that all the parties i've ever been to were birthday parties..
Today has been fucking weird
Girls stop doing the duck face...
it never has and never will be attractive
Alright Huskies.
Let's do this.
New avi...nomakeup, how it look???
Liz :D
I miss you n i cnt believe your out of my life :'
FAMINE IN AFRICA WE THE PEOPLE MUST GET INVOLVED!
Tower of terror !
yeahbuddy ;
ewww in ya house?
and then after that we can have a jack off contest and see who wins that.
Girls take forever to use the restroom ...
Waiting lol nbd
hello again.
listening to music, writing, and thinking.
this is good.
Shout out to all the baby daddies who takin they kids to chuckie cheese today cuz they was with that BITCH n her kids
RT : Marmol is headed to DL.
Going to Chicago for an mister.
WISH IT WUD WARM UP!
Does anyone know why eggs are tied in with a holiday predicated on Jesus' returning to life?
Milwaukee's Best Happy hour!
Yes best!
Ask Ben the bartender to tell you how to win a free cocktail party for you and your friends
Thanks, all!: CONGRATULATIONS to 3 YART members who won TASL Blog Awards!
Leigh Ann Jones, Pamela Thompson,  Jill Bellomy!
Definition of in the zone RT : Wow.
RT : Hamilton has five homers and a double in his last six atbats.
We were very thankful for your services.
We appreciate your behindthescenes help!
Would you...would you mind?
HERE BLAINE, I TWEETED!
do you think Julius Randle ends up in Blue and White??
great!!!
Thanks
After months of scandal, as many as 300 people are expected to attend tonight's meeting in SunlandPark to select and appoint a new mayor.
wanna come off strong cause too many people wanna get me.
but you know I do what I gotta do.
Just like you, I get lonely too
okay, the reviews are pretty good and I love Zac Braff but now I refuse to watch the movie in spite of you :P
RT : I'm tired of losing my best guy friends due to psycho girlfriends.
wow...shauna needs a MAN wants me and j to pimp for her...
Bringin a ol' famalam dub tape for him to sign cucumberSLICE RT : was your DJ...
Tomorrow night, COIN.
justinbieber you never notice me?
ok bro
you too Jeffrey!
Well when is your spring break and we get discounts and staying at a family's house :
Who is contact for the C St NE sidewalk project?
On North side of 1200 blk, crews laid new brick over leaking water main.
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didnt think you wanted
Are there plans to expand bike lanes in Jax  is it possible to make existing ones more visible to doctorvers?
on it's way!
Way to make collin jealous Patti ha love you
What are you doing?
Request a song!
6175738324
At turner hall with my Mom for tony and tinas wedding, this is hilarious!
i heard that shit was coming!they said countyline was only gonna be slow till the first of the year tho
how are ya
Me and rep'n
To all my wonderful followers please bare with me and allow me the time to follow you back.
Twitter only allows so many.
I will follow asap.
I can actually play today lol
WELP.
At least no one else got injured?
Moral victory?
No?
Okay.
do you have any resources to help me find online PR grad programs?
i love favorite girl live version!!
OMB OMB
My follows to followers ratio is all fuccd up
bookcover designer in the making graphicdesign typography etc.
I will soon post a rough of my book cover
Mac Miller, B.O.B.
Hopsin Wiz
ALGF to many people looking to take professorts early.
Still watching to see if the .0010s get hit.
hahah so sketchy.
Whenever you're not around, we say really nice things about you.
Currently listening to Sleigh Bells didn't think I'd like them but I actually like them a lot.
Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field
Go beat them silly Packers!
90 in the first quarter.
There's a king cobra, one of the most dangerous snakes in the world, one bite and I'm dead,,,,,, I'm gonna pick it up
: d1inc210 alright I'll give ya a call tonight when I log on
I'm all for it!
Taking traing to Boston today.
I love the train.
Saw the sunrise.
Have power and Internet.
Life is good.
Mark Trumbo has insane power.
GSA meeting today at noon in the Graduate Lounge, or on Twitter with hashtag utdgsa.
See you there!
Tell me why I freakin thought a dog was following me, but it was my keys dangling tha whole time!
ThatSlowMoment 
IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be a hobo.....
.
NewArrivals in the form of markdowns for Men.
Select lugguge markdowns, all expandable in 19, 22, 25.
better be its charging now:
Man, this weather can suck it!
I working it out in this gym today
Thats awesome!
What a great week to go.
Are you staying at school for the summer?
The internet will.catch you.up tisk tisk tisk
Portland has to be desperate tonight.
I fucking hate my school!
APOLLO HIGH SCHOOL!
SUCKS ASS!!!!
t.
Made 's Chocolate Silk pie for 18th anniversary  it is PHENOM!
Best choc pie I've ever had, vegan or not.
Like rich choc mousse!
Hahaha sounds good buddy you just lmk
Someone busier than you is exercising right now.
thats why I got rid of dish
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting today at 5 come out to support.
Room 304 in the admin
norwell the rent has come due.
early early.....more tests?
Or results?
next year, we're turning our room into a pillow/blanket fort.

5 Highly Acidic Foods...
beef, pork, dairy, processed grains, alcohol
i am ready to date you now williamlevy.
DWTS :
HowToGetRejected if you ask for a naked pic of a lady .;
Installed Pinterest App Landing page Check it out...
Click Pinterest button above, to see some of our client work!
Are you moving to NY?!
I will do, we have a great organic chap just down the road.
wholism is a waste of space Bill Williams on boundaries making knowing meaningful
Walking around my house while eating nachos becauseican ;
doing big things
taking me for a night want you to make me feel like me the only girl in the world
Getting updates on the status of CSS3 modules from
paul, meet johnny.
he would like to shoot.
i believe he might have already sent in a note.
DJing the Fairfield High School after prom tonight!
Definitely going to be a fun night!!
Pardon my mistake  it's between L and M on 21st St NW...
no photo.
But you can't miss it!
It's across the entire street.
Thanks!
No worries about not keeping up, I know it's not easy.
1713 right now with one conference game left.
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she listened to the songs I have on my ipod.
I have lots of love/sex music and she still thinks idk about sex...LOL
To whoever says majors in the com school are easy: take web design and then get back to me.
Attending Technology Services World conference this week in Santa Clara
thanks amber : 3 much love
LOL ,Until they cry  When theyre all innocent and happy its like AWWW.
OMG when they laugh :'D
Thanks : RT happy mothers day:
im not sure how u can be conscious and like lebron.
hes good at basketball.
thats it.
Never will/should get credit for his skill.
Thanks for following me!
I don't give a shit what anyone says, I found that opening musical number delightful.
Follow us for a chance to win several gret Spring Break Giveways.
you are awesome!!!
Thank you so much!!
I'm on a bastard Detox : Where do you work?
The new zbb album makes me want to haul somethin
exact same...
ima hit you up when im in town
DON'T TEMPT US!
Thanks for the follow!
Gotcha back!
People out here spending 120 mil on artwork!!
Take notes, that's TRUE WEALTH!!
We're playing a FREE show tonight with Morosity at Wild Tymes in St.
Paul.
Beautiful post, Stacy!
we'll get you all fixed up in no time.
The future is tech but is, has always been  will always be media.
Period.
I never regret anything.
I just always laugh.
I think I'm growing my legs are killing me...
Reason 1 why I support Ron Paul.
I like freedom.
Who likes free stuff?
Big ups to for
welcome to seattle!
been lovely had so hard time but God will supply
How is everyone's day going???
wiunion is there a specific hashtag for primaries?
Just finished doctorft.
Wonderful work.
Very thoughtful, poignant, and timely.
Thank you for raising such an important issue.
lol don't jinx me doty
thats his way of kicking them in the nads and telling them to wake up..
after last nights game, i believe they will
Watching Christmas shows Omg I'm addicted
Milwaukee rappers 
I love being right.
045, I think we have seen enough, no matter how nice the guy is.
OH: I fell into the toilet   my butt got all wet
howlin wolf northshore is starting to fill up
: don't mind me asking but what is your son addicted too??beating women and an assorrment of pills.
Mostly boner meds.
no more purple and gold the Q'ues have left DC great parties.
Chuck Brown is the best.
Tom Joyner and Shaq know how to party.
DYK?
Alpha Phi Alpha was the First Collegiate African American Fraternity
that was a dope moment
whoo hooo ...
let me guess, chillin by the pool, golfing, eating w/fam.
lol Enjoy!!
RT : Officially on Vacation!!!
Today was a good day: met some new people, did some work, and what not.
But i kept seeing the same person every time at school!
Pingwu told me tonight that with a mustache I look 30.
Yes.
Having succumbed to a stomach flu, I bequeath my Dark Horse dinner reservation to :
Game 7 twitches!
no problem :
Slowly getting some writing done, trying to find some space between production projects to work on EA tunes...but it's so rare right now!
Last Minute Specials to stay  Rio Casino Resort this WEEKEND 235 for two nights 9/4/10 to 9/6/10 book  www.myvegaspeople.com
I told my cousin to help me find a poetry group like Black on Black Rhyme out here, but she said there's nothing out here close to that
sea otter.
Duh.
Comedy Awards!
UTSA girls have nothing on her.
hi annie, I'd love to see examples of how you use the mood/inspiration/style tiles!
Great hashtag!
RT going to the pittsburgh power game
we didn't finish playing our game .
Not this year  but it is on our product roadmap, hopefully soon!
cc
WhileInARelationship don't rush the little momentsenjoy every single day w/ your loved one.Even falling asleep while reading is priceless.
SoCo2010 is in FULL Swing.
How is it going for you?
It is GREAT for us.
Come by the booth and see
Follow me!
I LOVE YOU :D U inspire me!

that betch ALWAYS had me in trouble
The graph isn't that hard, thin orange line on top, thin green line on bottom.
It's ok, I know how hard reading is for you.
We work with companies of all sizes to streamline office workflows and find ways to reduce expenses.
Let me know how we can help you!
The images of a distressed Bobby Valentine are really making my day.
I have NEVER in my life taken a nap that long..
Just goes to show it was a long week
agreed, brewers have def had a rough past until very recently...
cubs...
meh...
Seriously!
treats like a bitter ex.
What the hell?
it's next weekend 519
If you have resources or professorssional learning opportunities, tweet it out to the sschat gang.
Very cool crew!
Didn't end up doctornking tonight cause I didn't want the calories lol
THERE!
Is school tomorrow.
:o Bet you didn't know that!
:I
Hi.
I am Graham Powell Bintliff.
Love You Like Crazy .
Say You Never Let Me Go
A woman is putting on makeup while talking on the phone on a metro bus.
I really hate DC sometimes!
fly away, little angel, fly away....
Brandon Roy enters to standing ovation at Rose Garden.
Lion King!
Back from the Badger game!
If you're an early invite peep.
Get yo ass over here!
I'm on it!
The search for the Lonely shoe with a bow is on!!!
:
Thanks for the follow!
Would you like to read a screenplay?
Best, Matthew
are u enjoying it
haha I have certain family members who would too..
So I guess that's actually understandable!
youre planning yours, right?
Love it!
Happy birthday.
I might refollow you.
But i doubt it.
Guys tryin to get in free like NO i had to be security for a second and push him back out the door smh
Make sure to tune into ABC today at 11am to see Chef Paul Katz showcasing a few awesome dishes for Saturday's Kentucky Derby Charity Event!
Im so buying tickets to your concert in NYC no matter what: NYC here i come!!!
3
ur so awesome
Beach report: Water  warm.
Waves  eh.
Happy Anniversary!
Hope u r enjoying you pregnancy even with the heat!
shehechat I recently heard someway say, don't bother to get up and speak unless you have something to say that can change the world.
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
You've got enemies?
GOOD.
That means you actually stood up for something in your Life.
Eminem 3
Great and you??
Watching present a tech lunch on Twitter.
Your hair is gorgeous
Thank you, mister Homeless for pointing me in the direction of the right train to NY.
But no, I won't walk with you to an ATM to get you money.
Thanks for the Fathers Day wish Brotha, hopefully everything is going well on your end!!
Wow, I totally thought today was Thursday.
Damn Wednesday Day games.
Looks like it.
:
Get your 'To Swap' bags ready  we'll be opening doctorp off at 11am tomorrow morning at The Occasional Wife!
THANKS CLEMENTE!
See you soon!
Violet knows that John Lemon was a member of the Beatles.
She also knows about Curious George Harrison.
If your bored you should click my follow button:
Ugh I don't like Adium, though!
Clearly I just prefer to make things harder for myself.
Can't call on schools to raise childoctorn  want less government oversight in your personal life w/o being a hypocrite.
We're migrating!
Please follow us at our new twitter handle:
wow!!!
goosebumps what an honor!!!
miss u too.
We all gotta hang soon
Isn't that great?
Excellent guide for How not to use QR codes.
happy Birthday
That's great!
Things are moving along quite nicely on my endthank you for asking!
Production Notices Los Angeles lists jobs, you can like their page for listings...
With 30 minutes left on my mood, my iPad movie app froze up to a black screen.
Can't even access the menu.
HELP!
home sweet chicago.
hmm that just sounds a little strange.
Spencer Hawes is a penis.
Had no idea that mister Becker started his business in Cleveland, Ohio.
Becker is simply the best CPA prep out there.
Future CPA's everywhere
I just started watching Friday Night Lights.....
I thought it was going to be stupid but I actually love it
6 Engagers.
Good people to know  follow
u gotta to go to one not in your city lol..
U feel like a new man after, I promise lol
What track out of our catalog would be a good ringtone??
Tomorrow will be great!
Pressleaf's first day at Golazo's offices and 3 new minds coming on board!
Officially in michigan!!
Everyone appears to be wearing fuzzy winter coats; hope im not in for a surprise.
Get to 70K followers!
One Direction's favorite place to get shakes : Let's do this!
Now on USTREAM  my FAN!
happy b day
Lips like Sugar...
Public hearing on SB207  permitting discrimination on the basis of felony conviction.
Making felons unemployable is good public policy?
doctornk Dank n Dice  Wear your vices with pride!
I want some sushi 
Bruh this shit is REALLY good.
sounds cool, ISO more dimension in the sounds/mix
Benefit for Story  Nutty Brown Cafe in Austin.
My set starts around 5:45  great lineup, great cause!!
RT Week and a half left of this diet n exercise crap
At first I thought it would be another show about rich aholes misbehavingbut I feel like it breaks a lot of conventions.
Just registered for the RBMS preconference in San Diego in June.
Add in the Anaheim conference, and it's a long stint in southern Cal!
My wife told me yesterday that if she could trade places with one person for a day she would be you for a day
I HAVE TO see Titanic now.
you should see/hear these guys!
Agreed RT : this just tastes like stale water  my grandpa, after sampling four different starbucks doctornks
have fun with my sister : miss you lotss :
: It is said that Jesus spent the Saturday before Easter down in Hell.
Or as I would call it: Ikea.
haha!!
Good morning!
xoxo
Some new faves on the NEW menu?
Cinnamon pancakes with cream cheese icing  the cheese steak omelet!
Why do u guys ffreak out when I reply to you?
no I just go on an off I go to twitter on y twitter app then to YouTube  watch a video or 2 then go on twitter again
yes!
Congratulations!
Looking at our rosters for the team we will bring to Battle of the Programs oct 7/8 and I am overwhelmed by the  of tough kids we've got
SEOfacts Need to understand demand for info in order to supply the content well.
What kind of music?
I used to work with someone who would blast opera.
wonderful assumptions?
I still can't have a full screen flash player on one monitor, and work on another...
what's that?
I work with Americorps  community outreach, mentoring  tutoring.
I have a bachelors degrees in communications/journalism.
Feeling Relief..
:
I love walking in the rain because you don't see I'm crying
girl you got this.
Oh of course I now have to work tomorrow.
Violence rages in SudanSouth Sudan conflict
I know a few others who might too!
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.
Thanks!
Stalker!
LOL
it made me smile every time I heard celebrity going to Africa.
where my roots come from.
The bucks have been playing out of their minds!
Who are these guys?
The rocknrollsocial is tonight.
See you there in 10 mins local bands!
my boy
Great game, Mac.
Exactly.
Can't listen to him or Buck!!
Watching pranked lol I be die laughing LOL this a show I would watch if I was very angry lol !!!!
adjunct to that, these are my inner fucking thoughts and it's mother fucking twitter.
even if dylan wasn't already aware, he
in a super good mood but idk why cause i'm just chilling home alone...
maybe that's it lol.
i love being alone :
okay we will work on this ; you are missing out on endorphins
Free Broadway music in Isham Park tonight as part of Make Music Manhattan...free concerts all over the city!
But the best one is uptown  7.
a niice way of sayin bye
damn I wanna skip and listen to it now lmao
Oh, and Bea Bea's in Burbank.
RT : Johnsons Baby Powder is a great base for mascara Add some to ur lashes before applying mascara volume  thickness
Another day another project.
Thank you back.
I looked your reel...
Interesting to say the least.
Keep doing your thing.
I'm sorry April.
That makes me sad.
I'm so thankful for everything you did for me in making the case for me.
It meant so much
Yes!
RT : In order to have enviro for creatvty  prototyping museum staff must have time to think/permission to FAIL
Ugh this lady talk so STANK..
UGH
Awww man!
In what context?
Manny Ramirez signs a minor league deal with A's for 500,000 and will have to serve a 50 game suspension
Listen to I Fell In Love With A Ninja Master by The Wonder Years.
Your bro said you were giving them a chance.
It's older.
My outfit REALLY doesn't match today hahaa :p
To many churches act like hideouts,not fortresses or refuges.
The church should help and encourage u as believers in life...Not be your life
: proud to have recorded BenBehindHisVoices pub date 9/15/11.
We're happy to be a part of it!
We'll have fun this weekend at the show.
Tickets still available for tonight, but very close to sold out for tomorrow.
Mo and I are plastering Baltimore with invitations to The FABLERS show on Valentine's.
Rewarding ourselves with a big slice in Fell's Point.
You can't get what you want, that's why you want her..
lol
miss you too!
3
Hi!
Thanks for the RT.
Sounds like a good topic today.
excellent advice!
Thanks for sharing.
Math Dyslexia  Dyscalculia.
Now what?!?!
time to get that bike tuned, eh?
Judge summoned defendants, lawyers back to courtroom.
Reason unclear.
IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR UNMARRIED WOMEN NOT TO BE ON BIRTH CONTROL...
Sometimes it's like we enjoy watching ourselves get hurt that's why we keep going back to the people that hurt us.
what lurks below and all, eh?
1 is the greatest game played
You are making progress; that's good.
have a donut
No Dolan.
Aren't you in there because you killed Pluto?
Easily.
Id rather hangout with Evan then bus with that psycho.
amazing really.
Makes the fried chicken and beer thing seem tame.
what are you getting me for Christmas?
Seriously considering using the refund I got for the blink show and just buying a ticket to bamboozle and road tripping it anyway
We gon do the same shit Tonight.....
I cant the way my bank account set up lmao
TRAFFIC ALERT!!
Bad Accident with injuries on I69 Southbound at the mm 111  Lima Rd.
Avoid the area.
Traffic is backed up.
you all followed me at the same time  hello!
But who are you?
Considering laser hair removal for my ears.
The U of M needs more professorssors like  Thanks for the advice!
hello world i'm here
why is credit so difficult.
found a resource for 100 financing to get in the market.
contact me if anyone is interested.
at the panel: Memories are objects in themselves, with their own autonomous expressivity.
I'm due for a viewing of
RT : You know you have good taste in music when you can listen to Justin Bieber on repeat for an hour.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsk Whats Wrong w.
U???
WTF If i wanted u to kno i wouldve told u so Don't Fuckin Ask!!!
I've developed something of a crush on dont ask me how it works it just does!!!
Sleep or talk to my man?
Please join me in wishing Donald Duck and very Happy Birthday tomorrow, June 9th!!!
Donald, have a great one and save us a piece of cake!!
Oh, the crushing sadness of Firefox addins that only work with older versions of Firefox.
Sorry about that post.
Think the account was compromised.
Password has been changed and we are good to go.
:
Good looking out 58spacejam for the sick ass G Shock
Watford and Zeller staying.
I expected nothing less.
It's about more than the money.
This is Indiana.
you know i'll be there!
Dance shoes are itching for some salsa beats
AFTER I READ URE BOOK I HAVE FELT U LIKE A FRIEND WHO I VE ALWAYS KNOWN
If welfare got cut off completely thatwouldbeawesome sick of paying for you ratchet ass bitches to lay around and squirt out kids
Absence is to love what wind is to fire it extinguishes the small it enkindles the great.
See you there!!!
But so far there ain't a mf out there that can hold me down the way I want so I'm good.
Karma gets you everyday when you see my pretty face :
I miss you too, cousin.
:
lmao!
I cant spell for crap!
I meant Hawk!!
;D
my twitter is being stupid
Hi my name is Bates, Bates?
Yeah like Masturbates  Zaibers!!
Love this kid
16 Short Films from across the US and around the world, Germany, England, Spain and more...
and British.
Hehe.
I think I'll skip it.
Thanks tho.
:
This is why you read my papers.
spending time with my mother wife and her mom hey must love the women in mynlife!!!
Thanks!
How are you?
well cheer up butter cup I'm coming down when I get off
congrats sweetheart
Thanks Kate that makes me feel good lol I think next week so how's your chance to doctorve
George Castanza just read our mission statement...
My favorite part of taking the bus through this section of St.
Paul?
All the businesses named Pig's Eye.
Bon fire at Dan's later.
me and my best friend belted bubblegumboy during PE
yep, will reply reacquainting w/ Quora thread from last yr  don't see why LA's cant have be forced to login.
You glow gir!
Nah nah nah nah nah nah.....
Remember kids don't take candy from strangers...
unless of course it's Halloween.
Then by all means...
Just attended HungerGames screening.
Steve Schmidt, Haymitch Abernathy, is there anyone Woody Harrelson can't portray?!
I wonder what Justice is trying to accomplish by fighting all deez hoes?
Youz a trashy bitch not a bad bitch
.
most guys seem to feel that way but then why are all my girl friends getting breast implants?
Plastic in your body gross!
9746; Protect your Liberty
lol did you have an audience
Nice to see you doing hockey too.
well, i really DO!
makes my day that you like it.
mommausetosay if you sleep go get in the bed
Every time I stand up I feel like im going to throw up, must continue to lay down.
Booked our first zipline tour with Can't wait to see their new adventure.
Sould be fun.
New icon of :
J.Cole
Ha!
I will be in about 15 minutes :D I hope you enjoy it as well :
It looks like the Twins did not do so hot in their home opener.
I'm going to join the kick around tonight.
Which field will we be playing on?
Couples Night!
Couples entry 2 for 1!!
LMFAOOO i have stuck in my head now!
More  in religion and Jim is the Rev.
Start a new church!
hates how her boyfriend has baseball and cant talk to her!!:
Nature holds the beautiful, is up to the artist who has the insight to erect it.
Yes!
Mexican food and the Sonoran desert are the two things I've missed most living in NYC.
domination!
our presenter killed it, and our business model is SLICK...
our wallets need stuffing!
I know D: !
When I get back from Cali, we will.
Yes?
Yes.
Thank you!
Glad to be here!
you wish!!!
do u have an extra JB shirt?
Yeah minus the cane  wheelchair!!
I hate oh snap!
Mainly cuz it's like hearing some1 say gosh darn it.
Or oh fudge.
Just swear!
We know what u really wanna say!
when she says she's fine she's usually not
Just got caught up in an actual riot in mcdonalds on 14th and 1st, this is reediculous
Change your life today.
Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay
RT : Too much to tweet it all.
Amazing.
RT : Bruce Wyman is nonstop doctorpping the truth
just walked past and and I failed miserably trying to get her attention
/ Team Follows;
But I liked the goths 
Tomorrow's awcchat topic: Help, I can't pay for this!
Getting sponsorships 1130am  1230pm CST.
Anyone can join!
via
I'm mad that isn't even following me back lol
sitting on the couch watching High School Musical 3 :
lumpia, and pork adobo!
PS  you can only go without me if you do Karaoke!!
hey.
i see you right now.
The one thing video was amazing, watching from america!
never saw it sorry can u post again
my tripod hasn't been used in a while.
Need to get into the woods soon
Not tough at all except when dining at one of the redsauce joints some of my sources prefer.
3868645059  Prank call it.
:
How am I celebrating Cinco de Mayo?
A leftover half of a Chipotle burrito from last night.
M.
However, NBC treats its shows fans like shit, so not surprised fans of NBC shows act like abused pit bulls.
Can't really blame 'em
thanks, Hope you like it
After reading a product review for the GalaxySIII this morning, I'm pretty excited.
The doctoridoctorzrMaxx is going to have to bring it.
A welldefined XML workflow will create documents that are wellformed, allowing you more flexibility for future content needs.
HARRY i'm home sick from school today here in America :P can I get a shoutout so I can feel better?
;
Going home due to stomach Flu!
Ugh
Fuck school..
Cant i just call it quits right now
Flux pavilion station on pandora and it plays Moby?!
Really?!
Sorry..
But no
Jamming tonight w/ , , Jackie Pollauf  Max Beats, for Baltimore Boom Bap Society show 1/11
So happy the won SuperBowl 46.
Who knew one second could pack that much tension?!
Great ending against the New England Patriots!
yea a up coming one
When the Egyptian gov't shut down Internet  cell network people stopped communicating remotely from home  went out into the streets
Its good mane I start Spring Ball next monday trynna keep dis startin job mane
heard about this place the other day; didn't we have that idea a few years back?
I'm so fucking lame.
Watching the Hannah Montana movie.
Lolololol.
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
NMX Ski Cards for sale at DAY OF THE TREAD this Sunday.
Embassy Hotel Downtown!
149.
Come out and join us!
Sorry, I need to get over this Jolie leg thing but I CAN'T.
: No I don't wanna wake up yet : rise and shine booty!
Thank you for the tweet Cary!
How many have you tried?
Just returned from MWC2012 in Barcelona.
Emphasis on connection b/w people  device, and device to device; w/ data at core of both
Thanks!!
MT : Went to Greenwood Space Travel Supply, got Another Science Fiction: Advertising the Space Race by
I'm flattered!!
Chara just cleaned two clocks in a row.
Great way to end the 2nd.
The score is tied 11.
A thee glass wine flight, a shot of homemade lemoncello and Lent is over for this kid!
Thanks !
Lol, lady  you are a rock star!
Lin Dinh suddenly decides to name names.
I don't give a fuck.
Applaud their effort when they hate on you.
Therz nothing prettier than that
Thats wassup i appreciate that so much
microwavable amy's lasagna and ice cream...
so great for a rainy city night in
i miss you, lets hang out.
Nice.
Jealous RT Bought tickets to  next week.
First time seeing them live.
Can't wait!
If we can get through the fucking Rangers we can win the fucking Stanley Cup
Lina has left this cucina...
And will now enjoy a little doctornky poo and enjoy a glass of vino
My ass itches.
Wanna scratch it????
Words can't express the joke that is a Chicago DMV.
Was really digging this town before dealing with any gov't entity.
Nice catch Gardner!
WE LOVE YOU!
In fashion?
Why do you ask?
Ha.
My 2year old makes me listen to them 10x a day.
Any song is catchy for me after that many exposures.
Lovely dinner with at Screen Porch in Dallas.
Best part of alamw12 is staying connected with old friends
In less than 24 hours I will be in Costa Rica!
Running around and getting things done!
Can't wait!!
men  women are going 2 hate on whatever u do cuz it's in their premature mind 2 do so they would rather see u struggle  the bottom 4ever
I think Rebecca Black should listen to Friday Is Forever by We The Kings.
Now THAT's how you sing about Friday.
Holy cow.
Never shot a news segment like that before.
But it was fun.
Learned a lot.
Looking forward to more like that
Reading TheTwelveCaesars and highlighting traits I admire in orange, traits we share in green and traits to avoid in blue.
Bummed right now.
Gonna be a lonely couple of weeks.
Should be use to it.
Bleh.
Back to sleep
Go Mavs!!
Can't wait for the parade and the start of next year's season!
After midnight so technically KeggsNEggs is tomorrow!!
we will let you know!
God is so good!
Your testimony was great!
Very moving
Keep up the running everyone!
Man.
Two blown calls in this game.
Hell, in this inning.
super tragic...
Backwards ass let me get off these niggas lol
thanks for the follow!
Great work!
Are you at for harrypotter?
You may recognize a certain movie about ...
Well...
Me!
:
it's so much fun!
And Joe was awesome today when he came!
omg  Mary wants to know if it still works.
What do Mezcal, rabbit, and mismatched dishes have in common?
They're all predicted food trends for 2012, of course!
Check out the rest...
There's something in the shadows.
In the corner of your room.
It's got a dark heart.
And it's waiting for you.
to nurses on support 4 singlepayer: I don't think of it as socialized medicine.
I think of it as Christianized medicine.
so the question I have is...
where we hanging tonight?!?!?
shoot me a DM, I'll show y'all Nashville the right way!!
today has been one of the worst days of my life...thank god for family...
Thanks for following us!
RT : Just checked out the show Nice work my friend.
Sing my praises, Pete!
Hey guys!
Our Twitter handle is now OFFICIALLY No need to change anything or follow someone new!
Carry on!
Congrats seniors!
You made it through hell!
Now go make something of yourselves.
I'll miss some of y'all!
I live for you!
Night Roman!
Love always, QueeR Barb.
just finished Batman 3 and all I can say is it proves why you're my favorite writer nowadays!!
Awesome work!!
Don't worry luv,I'm only teasing....
Hope everyone had a smooth monday!
Go to Spain.
Baby u r hot
IF ANYONE WANTS 2 GET INTERVIEWED ON KUEEN OF KRUNK SHOW ON THURS.
NITE ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CONTACT JENNIFER  GET SCHEDULED CALL 2107846094
Cold Game Like A Old Mane!!!!
when I worked in a job connected with Section 8, I was shocked by how many iPhones I saw.
Totally Digging Selena and Demi this coming year!
Both gorgeous and sweet women.
Disney has had great stars!
The Stras pitches tonight.
May the Fourth be with you!
Waking up and feeling skinny.

August 1st 1964 Rockabilly/Rock'n'Roll Singer Johnny Burnette diied in a boating accident.
Hits include Tear It Up You're Sixteen 
site and app were workin that night
Things go bad before they get good.
Just graduated high school today!
RT if you're a high school graduate, or if you're goin to graduate high school!
I had a heartache when I saw the preview for Punkd, kay cool.
;
shopping : and my partner totally bailed on the project
Wow, now that's a view!!
Omg twitter changed
btw, i can't believe we didn't bump into each other; we could have shared ink collections!
lol we all know it will be better than 103!
...
we'll make it I swear!
win it before U cn buy it wknd promo is up on
Hm.
That's too bad.
I just looked at your professorle.
got this pricey ass watch and never use it for the time
Redeem your points and miles for gift certificates at hundoctords of online retailers !
ad ERROR
Going back to bed at dis point
Harvey hops to top prize in rabbit contest
I never thought that it'd be so simple, but i found a way.
I found a way.
Nope!
Was just at 370, but I've already doctorpped to 966.
lol
okay for sure!
Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
Mark Twain
My husband and I just sat and talked for hours last night.
We always seem to have a lot to talk about...especially when it comes to God.
I'm obsessed with YouMeAtSix and Go Radio at the moment3
Relay For Life at misterS!
Everyone should come support !
:
you already know!
RT : Bury demonstrates considerable writing skills, masterfully weaving a story.
5 review for The Bones of the Earth...
Thank God for that...
Only two weeks until CUAEF!
What are your views on how Africa can reclaim itself  change the rules of engagement?
: don't hate because she's beautiful define beautiful.
Not sleeping SUCKS!
That is all.
ilovemymombecause she's the one person that has always been there for me when no one else was.
3
very very welcome
Walter Energy Announces First Quarter 2012 Results  MarketWatch
u guys comin out for poker nite?
Wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for my mama, love you.
Congrats , , , rest of team.
Great work that has received welldeserved recognition.
...and slake your thirst with free beer courtesy of Clipper City Brewing!
It all begins at 6:00 p.m.
tonight, at the CityLit Stage at BBF!
Kant run game on someone that know game: 
Super Shout Out to !!!!!
True for me!
RT : In my experience  many Health Activists started blogging because they just really love to write.
T/F?
Factchecking request: can anyone confirm for me that Robert Swift was the first Juggalo to play in the NBA?
working on an embroidered blanket project.
Keeping warm this winter.
whosgonnalose  Baltimore at Oakland  Oakland will lose
OMG!!
Good morning 3
Only a couple of pages into Daniel Everett's new book Language: The Cultural Tool and I'm already loving it.
yay!
Can't wait to see you!
yeah cause you light skinned.
thanks for your concern.
I'm going to be ok.
:
thx for the mention
not good.
Kristen came then left so everytime she was up it was a out  I did terrible pitching as always
Guessing this is going to make my doctorve to St.
Paul a real treat.
RT MN stats for 5am2pm: Metro: 219 crashes
Is one of them ?
I'm well thanks.
I took a little time off to recharge the battery.
How are you?
We will be closed this weekend, but open next week, MTh, 8:30am4:30pm.
I can't stop watching worlds dumbest!!!
And it fills up my dvr
Excited for you to come play in Portland, Maine, and EXPLODE HEADS.
See you soon, amiga.
An alumna came to us with idea to sell her wine to raise  for UVa.
We should have been more clear on the back story!
Thx.
Assembly is in recess for a meeting of the Rules Committee
That's the worse
Aww thanks :....yeah, I have a taste for them too.
Need to put in an order.
; LOL
: Oscar bday in like two weeks bro fuuuuuu
What?!
AWESOME!
Eating while watching movie with the girlfriend .
Never let success go to yer head or failure go to yer heart!
Happy Tuesday ya'll!
xoxo
RT I gave my plant Fiji water this morning and now it does yoga and judges me.

If you ain't first...your last.
Have a great weekend as well!
because i honestly dont care what people think or have to say about mee..
:
Are you a fan of Mexican food?
We have wine if it makes it more enticing?
And delicious desserts :
Wear lots of blue so you don't have to worry about playing favorites!
Haven't yet, but I know the doctorll pretty well.
Happy to advise if you want to send me more details.
Bus.
Assoc.
final in the morning and I feel I haven't learned anything this semester!
Great run of Rock in Her Pocket thanks to and everyone who was able to come out to the show!
hey are u a true belieber ?
Austins face when his mad 
7:30...gym time.
Got to get it tight for summer.
My cute girlfriend didn't come to MidOhio Comicon with me this year
alrighty will do.
Yes i am are you?
that works.
i think a feast can be defined by the amount of food present, regardless of the number of guests.
:
You already know i had to tell my Twitter Family about this scam so be very careful with the networking please!
Note To Self: Do not keep the tv on HBO after you've gone to sleep.
You will wake up to a documentary on sex toys...
.
made steak tacos and thought about you
Boy or girl?
Lucy's great.
We're in California :
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
MT : hmm well maybe 2 years to write up if shorter dis.
I think 5 doable so long as everything goes 2 plan.
My 8absurd
lol calm her down, you need to tell her I watched a movie last night...the other guys..its from that
As a cat lover, I can tell you it's 192 true.
Like Please Stop Being So Perfect Right Now .....But There's Nothing You Can Do About It But Keep On Listening To It
our sdcc giveaways just arrived in SD!
see you at booth 4134 bright and early
Finally connected my facebook to my twitter!
Hello 2009!
Dear Easter Bunny...Don't get cheap on me...
Posh Properties thinks , , , and are great for Austin Realty and Follow Friday!
FREEZE WARNING: TUESDAY 3AM 9 AM: Monmouth, Ocean, Hunterdon, Middlesex, and Somerset.
Hard freeze EVERYWHERE tonight.
are your ears burning?
and I are talking about you.
Because I can say something about helmets  it gets 20x amount of attention than trying to talk about other saferiding behavior
Wonder what percentage of American players got a full night of sleep.
I was out for 4.5 hours, opened my eyes, and was completely awake.
: Zombies: people who are eating with you and checking their mobiles all the time
Was god wit it everybody
great how was urs?
thank YOU for the great articles!
I'm sorry i screwed up.
Sorry i'm not perfect.
Can we please have game night?
Tree of life....hm...might have worked for me without all the metaphysical stuff...
please no more whiners in Madison, I need a break from all these freaks.
My are starting to burn again...like for real
can it involve vampires?
Are you saying salad is bad?
:O
Preach!!!
I just gave up 2mins ago
you can just tweet me the post that you posted about the site!
Good luck!
:
So much stuff on my mind
People legitimately doctorve me crazy...
Thx Dennis!
Glad you're finding that good info.
How've you been today?
I absolutely love this weather!
QuestionsiHateBiengAsked Are you a virgin?
Who would you take?
rg3 or luck?
Going to be a fun rivalry
Having a insightful early morning chat about accidental entrepreneurs.
How did you stumble upon your biz/ nonprofessort?
happy Friday enjoy
I do to
TY for helping to spread the word!
make sure you get approval from beastmode for the SKITTLES.
Even when things get tough...
I just keep getting confirmation that I'm on the right path.
Had to say that!
Such a great day!
The Avengers in 3D is pretty good y'all!
never had frozen Lima beans before.
Have you??
Such a damn shame we haven't deprogrammed ourselves from valuing skin tones that are closest to our oppressors.
So proud of right now I could cry.
So happy right now I could cry.
I.love.nashville.
an accursed child gave me a cold when I was in London.
On the bright side, my germs should be pretty high class.
We have a new server ready  vpnbn3 OpenVPN server in Toronto, Canada.
It's available in your customer area now.
Going to sleep at 9 p.m.
is the greatest!
See you at noonish.

Hey!
Know any freelance SM experts who could help a Dallas based small business?
cc:
Also, coming a little late, but just realized I have yet to say it: KENTUCKY BABY!!!
BOOM!
Bye bye old blackberry, I will miss you.
RT : To anyone who says Obama was either too late or too early today: There is NEVER a wrong time to do the right thing.
Listening in on DLDay This TV guy has a great voice!
can you DM your email addoctorss.
Want to send you an email.
I think this article confuses shyness and introversion to some extent.
I do agree with a lot of what it says though.
doctorgon Age 2?
I'm still recovering from the previous one where you find out that there's a tutorial in the last hour of gameplay.
love/hate
yo man!
sorry just getting this!
email me!
Our first deal will be launched later this week.
What are your guesses as to where it will be?
Hint: It correlates with this month's
Tonight's Special: Fried Chicken Sandwich Topped with Southwest Slaw and Choice of Side!!!
FREE MY BRO GALARDOW KAS !
NYC STAND UP MILLBROOKE PROJECTS SALUTE .
HOLD UR HEAD BRO .
Thanks man!
Appreciate thatRT listened to ur track suggestion at bandcamp, dope track.
greets from vienna
Made it to Bangkok last night and then Chiang Mai today.
Tomorrow Nathan and I go to one of the homes and meet and play with the kids!
Real talk if I was an AR I'd sign real talent like
I'm so glad I only have half a day today
Squirrels are a no, but I do speak cat.
I can converse with the cat with rabies latter if it has time.
Le Bernadin for lunch?
Yup.
Suggestions?
: Do you know what is 10 ABV, comes in a cool glass  tastes great going down the hatch?
HOPSLAM!
Can we keep the glass?
The celtics are screwed: This season, the Celtics averaged 11 fewer points per 48 minutes when Rajon Rondo was on the bench
Never thought I'd have such a theological discussion in stats class
also, we love cats too!
good afternoon to you Simon!
:
I am in love...
What's ur number ??
I need to text u details for tonight
Rereading Gatsby while wearing my tennis whites..
looool...you just did :p
So excited about the event today.
Can't wait!
Wow.
Thank you!
And the pleasure is mine.
They just announced someone getting a Minor in Awesome at this graduation ceremony.
Thanks for following!!
I have to make this!
3 cheeses  prosciutto IM IN!!!
That's got me written all over it!
Can't wait to try!
guys seem to do that
5 Reasons QR Code Marketing Is Broken
: RT : RT : If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down
Many thanks for following me!
Unlike W, we now have a president who doesn't think that LBGT is not a BLT.
Random thought, but we're floating around in the universe right now.
Beanie Man is the man...
For real.
Connected with a hive of foodies
yeah!!
Cool and plz check your inbox
: it ain't yo birthday, stop bullshittin.
And if you ain't done then call the nigga back!
Shit COSIGNED.
No and I ride RTD all the time.
Mostly doctornks and homeless people.
Sad, I know.
i played high school football with him, term about sums him up along with ahole!
Amen baby.
Hope the jury sentences HIM properly.
Add me on oovoo
it's not especially well written, but it's damn fun to read.
I couldn't stop turning the pages.
shrug it's a book!
1000's of workers doctorve their family car with their tools to work each day.
I've noticed an interesting trend in bands releasing multiple records in the quickest amount of time possible.
Hey, thanks for mentioning me.
Can I ask about the hashtags?
Courses or organizations?
My tweeting is rusty these days.
Good Luck!!!
I still have to root for the NFC, Go Giants...I think, lol.
do you ever work?
I need your job.
and that is exactely how you spell exactely!
New 5 hour conference room package available for just 200/mo in beautiful Manhattan wallstreet virtualoffice with DavinciVirtual!
Np....Reza She's so fly
Thank you all for the early morning Birthday greets!!!
how are you ?
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.OH and CUTE :p
YOU'RE DA HOE.
Loll, I'm tryin my best3 I filmed some videos that completely failed so imma try to film something tmister!
:D
Have fun.
Go Celts.
I'll be working the Blazers vs.
Suns game tonight.
Oh no, I think the albino is doctornk.
Haha I know right RT : confused
Doh!
Thought we did.
At a twitter limit now.
Have to wait.
Please email Kelsye at writer.ly
where you been at homie?
was just around your hood
Hey  get over it
haha you said vibrations :P Thanks roommie!
:
Love the people who treat you right...
pray for the ones who don't!
Ugh...cannot shake this ear infection and no time for doc!!
was it worth imax?
did you watch in 3d?
lincoln center?
oh sweet what part?
what did I win?
RT Branding, Graphics, Social Media services, Consulting and Training.
The Perfect Mix!
will check it out
60 odd degrees today and I burn like an albino.
it belongs in a museum!
Also why'd it have to be snakes?
Dude said, Cavaliers suck, go to the DLeague.
Lol.
Crap!
RT If you haven't AT LEAST taken over a planet or built one giant doomsday device, you've KIND OF been wasting your week.
The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself Paul Cezanne
Ladies, read my last post!
if your boyfriend has been doing that!
Thank me later ;
RT : Fake is as old as the Eden tree.
Orson Welles
Good morning AZ !!
Throat A Lil Scratchy, buhh I still get Bitches!
He is at 1417 which puts him near the top.
The lack of carries his first 4 years contributed to that.
..find that funny and strangely appropriate.
But what do I know.
I'm at the plastic surgeonNOT for a boob job.
15 pages of notes from my Kindle.
I'm sure I'll have a nice outline by the end of the day.
Hey Eminent, I may be interested!
is there a contact email?
If i spend time with.....this summer 
Please go watch a haunting of a house, by babyblueeyes813 on youtube it would mean a lot 3 and tell your friends about it!
Thank youu.
:
definition of Mailing it in.
''I won't except failure, unless it's mechanical''
okay, that makes sense.
I just read an article saying that too.
I bet people still think he free tho lol
have a great weekend!
Been packin and cleanin for goin on three hours now....
Evangelicals already think that Mormonism is a cult.
Reminding people that Mormons were polygamists is a bad move.
Does any Political Journalists/Bloggers or News Junkies want to chat about the Latest Stories Online?
I love you teddybear.:
Damn it Daniel!
This needed retweeted
There are so many fashion bloggers nowadays
Facebooks Mobile App Has A Big Holiday Week On iPhones, Bigger On Andoctorid
Smashing reproductions, imitations, and fakes whenever I can...your welcome, kids.
Ok, finally got my environment uncrapped and can start work on my Ajax project.
And, gee, it's only 5:15 PM .
my love 3
is giving away free tickets to the concert on May 3rd with FREE OPENBAR.
I've got my last pair coming up at 10:30!
someone should so a remix on 's Boyfriend and 's Boyfriend :D i wonder how it would turn on out
thank you for the kind thoughts!
I survived Monday :
Rain, rain, rain, rain.
What's that?
More rain?
Great!
so, I forgot to ask you how about them Heats and the Pacers yesterday?
coughs
Meet me somewhere RT : South Side Bound
haha you damn right !
3 shoots this weekend.Dinner Party a movie night w/ the girls..
How will i have time to breathe?!?
FINALLY DONE W/THE 6th GIG THIS WEEKEND, TIME 4 SUM SIZZLER BABY
no thanks!
Axelrod: Obama focused on achieving his long term goals not winning capricious style points.
Weird night tonight that's for sure...
Thanks for sharing the video.
Makes me want to hit the slopes so bad.
Stuck in Philly with no snow: Good luck this season.
Editing, editing, editing...
Hanging out with some company at work, bout to have some fun, enough of this boredem
HeatSuck RT Damn D.Howard 25 points and 24 rebounds?!!
He killed my Heat tonight!!!
RT : To kiss and tell, its just not my style.
Keith Urban
night owl syndoctorme  haven't been able to shake my New York hours...
Good price!
I'm looking at 228 from PDX to Anaheim for ALA in June.
And welcome to our state!
Wed morning S/O 2 new followers:
I left the dishes and laundoctor for you!
Really enjoyed our recent class trip at one of the best historic house trips I've ever been on!
Highly recommended!
Don't do something permanently stupid just because you're temporarily upset.
walkingdead wasn't too strong.
Definitely a setup episode.
Tonight just got mad dope!
Bong
Happy Mother's Day!
Take it easy and enjoy a day of relaxing.
I keep gaining british followers  I'm not complaining though 
LIKE THIS: Love is like a FART, if you have to force it, then it's probably some SHT  lol Da Public's Eye
um, you know we're not supposed to play football
Successfully taught my best friend how to play a sweet bass guitar.
Girl band is official.
Expect music soon.
Tomorrow.
Congrats on being a Bengal
man, I need stuff to come in the mail.
I always thought you and would make a cute couple.
what do you think?
LOL
That's so true!
We're live right now on ZenLive.tv  OWS occupywallstreet Time to rage.
I am so there!
Can't wait to see you guys!
What time do you go on?
Lucas, maybe doctorving isn't as easy as you thought
I agree.
Imagine being in a group of 13...
Lol
my nap took longer than I thought it would be
: A person's character is how they treat those who can do nothing for them.
Atothemen Shauna.
Just put on The Notebook because it was on and I didn't have anything else to watch.
And I'm too lazy to go to sleep.
Having a great day!
So far, i'm 7 songs into my next album..
Dope :
the border guards thought young lions was child pornography
I call dibs on at least one if you get multiples ;
I really feel like a dumbass f with her
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason
Fox News Accuses Obama Of Declaring 'War On Marriage' huffpost Actually, he's embracing marriage in all forms!
hahaha!
A lot of people make that mistake.
Lol!
I live in Washington STATE not Washington, DC!
Haha!
xD
3 Track what you eat and hold yourself accountable!
Its fine to eat an occasional treat, but be aware of it when you do.
I cant wait !!!
Im just lookin for someone to tell me something Ive never heard before
sounds good!
I can't wait to see it!
Are we there yet?
Anybody feel like comin to roll up 4 me.
I really don't feel like it....Please....I said please
quotes from libraryschool i picked these books up dumpster diving at the planetarium
Senior Day!
Jonah Hill in the Sitter is Hilarious !
Oh boy, I think I'm getting strep...
Fuck.
i really wanna go to 's bday party
Yes!
In fact, our Notebooks are only sold at in the US.
:
the HEAT are going HAM on the MAVS!
I simply could not invent more beautiful weather.
It's absolute perfection outside.
sigh
Does anyone know how to play Parallels by on guitar?
I want to do an acoustic coverr, but i dont know how to play it :c
Bishop Liston Paige rocked the house tonight
Your bottom line starts with your front line.
John Villere
UPS just left with a box of goodies to send to for their trunk show this weekend!
Thanks for the follow.
I've donated, so glad to help you do what you do!
happy birthday!
:
RT : not canceled.
it just had to cancel production of two episodes this week.
we don't know why.
well your highness what a clever smell you've discovered!
Want it to warm upsummerplease.
Seriously
Oh god.
Im doing it again.
Im falling into this never ending pit of your love.
I dont want this.
What better way to end up a crazy day at the hospital  impromptu surgery?
TORNADO WARNINGS, of course!
And autocorrect has ensured that the SOAP protest is the cleanest protest ever.
Cheer has been getting better :
Ever heard of suicide?
You should try it.
masterbaker
Strangely enough, though, Amazon's greatest strengths also create its greatest weaknesses on a human level.
We're glad you loved them!
Something puppies get that makes them have diarea and throwing up  kills them within 3 days
Presented today for studentaffairs re: supporting transgender students.
Audience reception was mixed.
But, every little bit counts.
The redsox sign Mark Prior!
Can't believe he's actually still only 31!
He's always hurt then again 6 years is probably enough time to heal
RT : FLASH: Microsoft is close to a deal to buy Skype for more than 7 billion  report
Sounds awesome right?
I am putting on an outdoor show today at at 5pm.
Loving this weather!
I'll bet fat people thought their tattoos would look cooler.
Lunch at UN Plaza tomorrow with , 112pm, 7th/Market
S/o because
isn't there a curse or something about getting your pic on SI before the tournament?
Lol
I hope you'll keep it up!
So many little, meaningful, precious memories  best things in life  I thought I'd never forget.
Iona?
Iona!?!
Oh wait, I couldn't care less.
will have an official site up the end of this month and will be signing bands in February like stated previously
o lol XD well I hope you get better
Send a DM if you want to join our mailing list.
No spam...
Just GOOD music
Wanna get out and do some good?
Volunteer for a cleanup this Sat.
9/10 at FarringBaybrook Park.
More info: Rob Catlin
Sweet!
Congrats!
The Verve  Bittersweet Symphony 3
Hello Monday!
Tonight!
Come cheer on our amazing HydeStyle!!
Playoffs baby!!
For more info email me at for tickets or table reserv
How would you finish this sentence...I am ??
Bye bye spring semester 2012.
You left me withered, but I survived!
Sex?
Sex is like Air, it's only important if your not getting any!
OCTOBER 27 , SFR IS HAVING OUR FIRST HALLOWEEN DANCE.
come to the 9th floor of 73 decked in costume : Tweet us with any questions!
That's hilarious!
I grew up in that shadow, and yeah...
it's full of hyenas.
i talked to my cuzo freddie yesterday who it playing ball in asia, i miss him.
its been so long since ive seen or heard from him
Yum...
Enjoying cupcakes at , where do you get your sweet tooth fix?
On the train to Cambridge for client mtg, then joining live audience for Hubspot TV webcast.
MBTA wifi spotty, glad I have 3G.
May the Fourth be with you..
First Collab tonight at 7.
First project is to help tilted torch with costumes for Illuminopolis burlesque show.
Wow, I got to sleep in till almost 10 today!
Morning Freaks!!
I am so thankful Michael Baisden, and George are squeaky wheels...
God bless you and yours.
I just learned the word MacGuffin and I'm really happy about it.
For instance, the Avengers has a glowing MacGuffin
OMG you should be like Yo,Son HBD?
weird noise he makes
If you really want to do something, youll find a way.
If you dont, youll find an excuse.
JIM ROHN
sounds painful as fuck!: I still want my nipples done im just scared!
Behind the neighborhood right?
:P well I'm asking because another car honked too.
Yes!
I thought I saw you at Anchor truck tonight, but I don't know if we've ever met in person.
But you looked familiar!
Thiry de writes think of them selves of citizens not residents
This.
RT : : Carrying a blackberry is the new AOL email addoctorss.
nice to meet you at the today ;o
When people understand this is a business and the success of this business depends on them, they will strive to make it successful!...
never know when u might have to run a 5 on 5 full court...its actually genius
ESPN totally dissed the Rickie Fowler highlight.
Was supposed to be after commercial.
Never showed it.
Thunder in 5.
Of course I can remember you!!
And I can understand.
Did you get to study about computers?
lol well its all politics my brother and them already knew they would win before hand last year,same wit my homies from Quest etc
What a super bowl...and the football was good too!!!
And the post game treats!
Dancing while on the treadmill is a bad idea.
playing Golf at Rock Creek in Mobile listening to the King release party.
A Pimp Named Slick Back.....
STL2SAT
Up...Off day Tomorrow.....
Solo Dolo....
Coolin 
There's absolutely no way Boise St.
is the 5th best team in the country.
None.
Totally.
Apparently, we were enemies because he had a crush on me.
It started young.
You son of a...
RT : I think people from the south talk in Comic Sans
did those stupid botched give your turtle back yet
That short answering shit while texting missmewiththat If you don't wanna talk thats all you have to say
Library, finals, and Christmas music all day...
awesome
Also this Fri we will be screening 'The PHD Movie!' We have received calls  emails from people doctorving in from ID, WA  CA.
After all of that  the Chiefs dominating the 1st half...
We're officially in the lead!!
Gotta score touchdowns to beat us, not field goals.
RT iPhone, iPad, iPod, iTouch, I spend.
Dave Bullock
Love is a battlefield!
aw.
thank you so much!
3
TGIF!
Get happy!
Today's special is Chicken Salad Sandwiches!
You needa teach us some pointers!
:
we still have availability, call 3748480.
We r offering same menu up and down, creative new features.
Thanks.
Roots
not feeling great allergies walked by a flower shop this morning and almost knocked over their plants outside from sneezing.
Mfs b lying stupid hard
Hornet's nest: Kicked.
Conservative Dad emails list of cos that support Planned Parenthood.
I respond: Thanks!
Now I know who to patronize!
Actual P1 questions on Twitter probably need a this is not a bit disclaimer...though you'll get joned on either way.
hair how dare they try to end this beauty.
Amen!
Yeah but companies that use creative accounting practices to avoid paying any taxes...
Agree!!!
50 miles in this weather was great, Bob!
RT : it is 40 and rainy!!!!
Nice work!
My pleasure  U R very welcome, sir!
:
RT Internet is primary planning to for wisconsin travelers.
I think internet has caught on.
Going to the gymm!
:

AstrologyFacts In romance, Geminis are idealists, often unable to see the bad points of someone with whom they are dating.
RT Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but a bad habit
I just made the best Spanish rice EVER!!!
well lets go somewhere else then...
Seriously....
90 degrees tomorrow in DC  say it ain't so.
Summer is going to suck.
Correction: find out what I think should happen to Texas Judge who whipped his daughter tonight on the Insider.
Our regular tuesday meeting, PHIL414b, 8pm.
NOW WITH PIZZA.
lol well your doctorving
I thank you for responding.
Email .
Would like to hear more about you and your story
For those that use twicca: is there a twitlonger choice for this app so I don't have to limit my characters?
happy humpity hump day!
Dear boys please don't wear your eyeliner darker than me its just awkward
That's winning!
My mother always warned me not to give a kinehurah but I'm risking it today.
I am so blessed.
Congrats !!
Happy graduation!'
Can u please follow us!!
It's me :D lol
1 RT: As for Mizzou: That is the history of the basketball program boiled down to one 40minute microcosm.
The only way of catching a train I ever discovered is to miss the train before.
G.K.
Chesterton
got it pierced!
:D
More Nash: I just feel like a very lucky guy.
Thanks!
Well appreciated.
We made it!!
GASP I'm taking a day off today!
6monthswithoutabreak!
Some people change when they see the light, others when they feel the heat.
Caroline Schroeder
boom i like the way you think
Babe u've taken my heart  I'm the luckiest guy to be with u,I truly love u  mean it everytime I say it to u mamas :
meh...
but it's probably the closest I'm going to get!
Damn you internet!
Sick shot, Taylor!
I should have made clear that I was being ironic.
AlbuquerqueMortgageLoans  Indigo Mortgage, Albuquerque's Premier Mortgage Loan Provider is now on Twitter.
nowplaying Time  Confusion  ; amazing song!!!
well we jus him see in my Tupac voice.
Man what a long ass workout!
Feeling the burn baby!
We still getting excited about doctorps from MBDTF :
Just passed Fowler VW and I spy a mural being painted.
What's it going to be ?
People with socialphobia 's fear and avoid situations in which they may be subject to the scrutiny of others.
I also have interviews with Jimmy Robbins, Hot Chelle Rae, and possibly The Script coming in the next few months!
Questions needed!
Why should i care, when you never did?
Dallas Wins Championship!
Dirk  Terry shine!
Thug Wade McDirty  LeBum McTarded get their comuppance!
do you have a generator so you can keep pouring those shots if the power goes out?
cant BELIEVE its been 5 years!
NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!!
AMAZING!
7
LOVE Peter Berman.
My fav actor on YR
free tebow.
Tim just think of this as a way to inspire more kids in a different town.
Your work in denver will not be forgotten
not seeing back to the future is almost as weird as never having eaten mustard cc:
The feeling you give me
Stan maybe I can use your blog site as a reference
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
:
: I don't get why pretty boys have verified twitter accounts.
IfWomenDidNotExist Adam would still be hanging out in Garden of Eden:
My coffee table is abusive....
Outstanding Female Actor in a TV movie or Miniseries...
KATE WINSLET for 'Mildoctord Pierce!
WIN!
I still feel like death.
Lol
retweeted me : DYING
yes, I seem to be unable to connect as well.
is that the only reason you dislike?
Why not create a folder in Skydoctorve  doctorp the files in bulk?
Let's go Kansas.
Rock Chalk Comeback.
Time to go to and get my comic on.
Boomers who were unemployed as our recent grads are now, opened their own businesses.
Look for this to happen again!
Startup businesses!
Low of 58 on Sunday and Monday night.
It's about time we get some proper shorts  tshirt weather.
Final Q: Is 4professort enrollment affected by student tech preferences?
How does tech affect recruitment/retention?
This could be easily done.
lupe fiasco is thatonepersonwho makes me have hope in hiphop music
How dare you settle for less when the world makes it so easy to be remarkable.
Seth Godin
Learned about Mindfire in my senior seminar today,  Abbey mentioned your name.
I have to say, really neat concept.
Funny to think Mom is on doctorgs right now.
Wish I could say that more often.
Post surgery doctorgs are the best
I am tired!
But today was good!
Goodnight twitter :
Hello!
We are just a team of Etsy sellers, we don't work for Etsy itself.
Good luck applying for the internship though!
Practiced w/ auxiliary percussionist Jeff McSpadden last night for our show  The Bunganut Pig in Murfreesboro, TN on 8/18/11.
Cool stuff!!!
Law and order is some scary shit.
Like doesnt it help criminals get ideas?!
On the 950;Morgan Freeman yesterday Kevin Eubanks 2day may need a couch in 3A but Ken would leave crumbs
Bowen XC can serve as platform to translate MARC to RDA and linked data, in bulk
The movie Selena  how much we miss her!
AM clouds  a few showers then partly sunnyhigh 47
People make mistakes.
The 20102011 season at The Hillman Center for Performing Arts begins August 21 with Let the Good Times Roll: A Ray Charles Tribute....
see there is a different her kids didnt until there granny came and got them
Anyone wanna be a hero tonight?
Likewise!
Twitter tone is tricky with these talks, but grassroots political dialogue is ESSENTIAL for mass change.
Look out for new items on the site in the AM !
Dude!
You totally should have brought me along as your translator.
Last day to buy your SCAN Awards tickets at a discount.
Price goes up tomorrow.
Info and you can also buy at www.scantv.org.
I bet you that's not a snapback though
I followed u back.:
Lucky Lucky, I'll b makin the trip there in 3 weeks !
Full moon tonight.
About to get my howl on.
What are your New Year Resolutions?
Share them with us!
The syllable structure of Russian can be quite complex, as there can be initial and final consonant clusters of up to 4 consecutive sounds.
Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act.
Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
Get outta town buddy.
Rookies dont win cups RT : What a game by Holtby, 44 saves  GO CAPS
Congrats big hurt.
Made it on your blocking this year.
Good stuff.
That should be a good discussion!
RT : Reading Lolita in Tehran ...
leading my book club's discussion tomorrow.
I'm lucky a lot of my family didn't get involved with facebook.
We still do things like send letters and cards!
whaaaaa?
Design can telegraph what type of story you are trying to tell.
What is your design saying about your story?
The day is doctorging.
Should have smoked.
But I'm committed to quiting
Just found out my play with Philip Baker Hall is extended until sun 6/19!
Woo hoo!
It's Fri/Sat 8p,  Sun at 3p!
www.NewAmericanTheatre.com
no problem!3
Congrats on your ypweek award.
Keep up the great work!
agreed on all counts.
none of this makes sense except maybe 30 Rock.
Never meet your heros...if you do..don't engage with them
Catching up on theadventures of Harry Hole in Jo Nesbø's THE DEVIL'S STAR.
Overall, a lackluster gohome show for Over the Limit.
Nothing memorable whatsoever.
The PPV should still be somewhat good, though.
Rage lose 3218 to the Racine Gladiators to fall to 52.Back to work on Tuesday as we are back home vs the playoff ready Jefferson Scorpions
I got a Lifetime contract w NO paperwork.
Tiger shoots 74 at The Players Championship, 9 strokes behind leaders.
Clearly he doesn't have things figured out yet.
Seeing Hunger Games at Arclight with Claire!
Have to say I agree w/ what Peggy has to say.
enjoying the luxury of a clean house, thanks to Christina
He did all the work!
Thanks a lot.
Getting a sneak peek at the new show Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood, coming to PBS soon.
Can't wait to show !
see what u did!!
Lol
i told you what to do !
you slackinn ' make it happen !
Beautiful video!
Can't wait to hear what the little Love is....pink or blue!
;
Patt Morrisson: lost opportunity of 9/12.
Didn't ask for sacrifice, didn't capitalize on the unity we had.
can't wait to show you my scar!
.
Kids assignments R locked behind a password; homework on computers, how can/do parents monitor what's going on?
With my Mom ...
She's always Trying to predict what's about to happen in the game.
of what 2014?
I'm sad  bored..
My bestfriend done left me at work..
Smdh lol
Has pretty eyes at Mathematica again...Oh, man...stuff what so much easier in your expensive software environment...
Overheard at lunch: When did higher education become an entitlement?
Very interesting question.
I thought you saved the trashtalk for the postseason..
Everyone knows that MVP's in basketball are popularity contest.
But I think it was rightly earned by Lebron this year.
what a hawt team!
Congrats on not dying!
Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!
We have a paralegal project to staff!
Starts Wednesday.
Please email me at if interested.
BK email is down!
haha I know and I love it but that's not good enough...it's been too long
Congratulations Chris Van Patten!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
RT didn't even come hoop wit us smh ..work
This is going to be such a busy week.
A lot of work, CILDC conference AND DC Enviro Film Festival, packing for a move.
Great day today at our KMart location in Greenwood...Stayed and served our last Customers at around 10pm...See you all next week..
Go Bills!
10 hype?!
Her wrecks this weekend seemed unavoidable.
Yours always seemed selfinflicted!
small girls w/big friends
why do everybody think they got haters??
people ain't thinking of you that much lol.
Can't wait to have a family of my own.
I see you homie!!
You coming by tomorrow night??
To know I got you
maybe get to wear my cowboy boots to that and ride a bull yayy fun wedding
I can smell a championship .......
wyd bro ham
Bruh, you got me excited for nothing.
It's over.
Taste and see that the LORD is good; blessed is the man who takes refuge in him.
Psalm 34:8
Guys talk about sex, girls talk about how much guys talk about sex...I have sex
great conference!
Super stimulating, thanks for all your organizational prowess!
Well good thing.
I aim to be pleased, educated, entertained, and bragged to.
Been in bed all day.
Finally feeling better now that it's almost bed time!
Ugh
why!?
No go
he's prob just having fun he wouldn't be dumb enoough to do anything stupid with such a wonderful wife
Back...Is..KILLING..Me :
I pee in the middle urinal so someone is forced to stand next to me.
why i am following IJever?
smokin bowls, lickin holes, boats n hoes, eat at Joe's
tweet me updates if u could
going out, when i was supposed to stay in while my mom's out and getting home before she does 
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next month's ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle food banks.
R you in?
One of those, I'm not of this world people.
Join at Race4Cure downtown LasVegas ..
A little windy but gorgeous ..
2 of your recipes in past 4 days.
Both wonderful, thank you!
The Mets bullpen is so bad, they just put in backup catcher Rob Johnson to pitch.
123 on 10 pitches.
Catch them if you can: Movies leaving Madison this Thursday include: THE RAID, THIS IS NOT A FILM ...
I haven't wrote a song all week....I need to get on it.
Whats the secret to building more rewarding relationships and contacts?
Start by shifting your networking mindset from getting to giving.
Late as fuck but doing Insanity!
NYActors  Laura Rosenthal is casting the film The Brass Teapot.
Roles include ARNIE 28 Muscular Confident Jock doctorLING 60s Asian Nerdy.
Happy Friday, everyone!!
Does anyone have fun musical plans for the weekend?
Monday a new week, and a new deal!
Get over 50 off at Martha's Salon and Spa!
Get over to www.crowdclick.com for the deal!
Just saw a bar of Irish Spring in the soapdish in the shower.
It's all I have left of him.
I should be going to bed but, for some reason I'm not tired and it's 10min.
to 2am lmao oh well :P
Im letting past relationships ruin the best thing I've ever had in my life right now.
Portlandia is hella funny.
See, I'm using bad grammar.
Thatz how funny it is.
Heh.
misterBrown is Way Too Funny!!!
Always interesting to c that different cities and regions employ diff colors and arch
looking very forward.
i'm in northern michigan, i'll assume something will go awry.
Official attendance: 81,112.
On a shitty day.
This is why BuckeyeNation owns.
SoundOff media way over did it on a single fight.
This fight could of happened anywhere on any weekend.
John Ferguson of North College Hill P.D.
in Ohio, stopped a car for speeding and asked the young lady why she wasn't wearing her seatbelt...
DO YOU AND AUSTIN HANG A LOT?
AND IS ALEX ALL RIGHT??
Cant wait until opening day on Friday..Looking Forward to covering the three games vs St Louis next weekend..
I love when you smile ; especially when I do random retarded shit
RT: Lil rock said he got business in Waukegan to handle let me find out U FOUND OUT WEN HE TOLD U LOL
Yes.
The worst case is they don't even bother to mention you.
Today: at noon at Creative Albuquerque and also at 3pm at the Albuquerque Museum of Art  history
so excited!
I've got lots of fun ideas brewing...
:
RT : Great post by Nina Simon first year as Museum Director, Year One as a Museum Director...
Survived!,...
Until Outlook told me I had 108 unread messages I was happy.
What does that say about Outlook?
good deal!
I've been waiting on that one
maybe Or Maybe not it depends?
Does it count that I watched all the Girls eps in the HBO Emmy DVD package, but not all the Game of Thrones eps?
I'll hopefully be okay by tomarrow
thanks very much for including my blog post in your newsletter!
Wishing a Happy Birthday to
hope you have a wonderful birthday!!!
RT Only thing I feel like needs to be changed in 2011 is my eating habits and exercise again...hell I'm already workin hard
Can you give us an Andy Rooney impersonation?
I love her to much to sit bacc and watch her walk away...
big win tonight.
I did not expect those airplanes AT ALL.
haha completely forgot about the Air and Sea show this weekend but now I can't wait :D
we miss you too.
So bored at home cant wait to have my car back!
geico based in the DC area.
Case of assuming everyone follows Redskin football??
Awww u should go to Hoot Fest!
I'm going!
I wonder of hell be there!?
Hmm
For a full listing of Kino Lorber Top 10 Essential Classics visit our homepage at www.kinolorberedu.com.
double chocolate FTW
My No, I have Universal brand All Purpose Correction Fluid joke when people ask for WiteOut is growing less funny.
Some say it never was!
I guess
sometimes ppl legit react angry when I'm kind to them.
I have had strangers threaten me 4 trying to help or simply smiling.lol

she's a hoe?
; yes; but dat her business!
now we wait until etienne gets doctorfted in like a year hehe :3
I had NO idea that schools in this area SGF LR are sending backpacks full of food home w/ kids on Fri so they can eat over the wkend.
Wow.
shiddd.....
Just a good ol boy  never meanin no harm...
I agree...
especially when you hung over lol
come to think, it WOULD be interesting to see if there is any hard data on this issue.
Lev.17:11For the life of the flesh is in the blood.And I have given it to u on the altar to make an atonement 4 your souls.G'marHatimahTovah
NBA regular season is actually like preseason..
you only have to be above 500 to make it.
Thunder and Bulls may have peaked.
Whatever religion you are, whatever you believe...
you need to prayforJapan 3
Today is autism awareness day and april is autism awareness month..UNDERSTAND SUPPORT DONATE TEAMJAI'LYR
Each person comes into your life for a reason.
When someone leaves our life figure out what you've learned and thank them for it.
Student Entrepreneurs Participate in PSU Elevator Pitch Competition at the Portland State Business Accelerator
I know many books which have bored their readers, but I know of none which has done real evil
I really want chick fila.
Too bad it isn't open on Sundays
on the lake again
thanks for the RT!
well it's like a puzzle that he's constantly trying to solve lol
c'mon kentucky!!!
says for a glimpse at the next rendition of...take a close look at the rules for the Race to the Top
Nice photo, Keep holding it down!!!
Enter to win Our feature  listen  support
GirlsWithPrettyFeet ????
wtf is wrong with people?
Rachel McAdam is so fucking beautiful, I can't .
Bring your Teen Angst to WAB tonight at 7 for the Twilight Movie Screening.
Popcorn machine on hand.
Bring your friends.
Or your enemies.
Marine who criticized Obama is discharged I did not realize you gave up your 1st amendment right when you join the service
oh while I'm carrying you????
HAHAHAHAHA
A2: What people notice about you.
Thanks for the heads up!
I voted for you once and never against you.
Didn't want to risk it.
Have a blessed day:
Great song!
Glad you enjoyed the electric violin.
May I just say how great it is to collaborate with authors  their teams  publishers on their biz books?
Thx, all, for a great week 
Yes!
You're same as consumer, except you know end goal.
RT W SEO, ask yourself: if I want to find my company, which query to try?
RT : Some people change for the better and some people change for the worst.
njaslconf11 Kathy Dempsey Opening Addoctorss  has consulting business titled Libraries are Essential A great name on a business card!
Today is the day..
happy birthday to me..
26 today
Heading off to Vegas!
Forget What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas I'm bringing great stuff back to DWL with me!!
The fuck man.
To serve effectively in these end of times requires clarity, courage, power, truth, and purification of self.
I see is Gurl
Click bang bang to ya mother fucking head .
I feel my world shake, like an earthquake.
Sounds like a great idea right about now!
RT : I kind of wanna just wanna nap 
I need a plugin to hide article comments on all sites.
: Nathan Myrvold  The tuition in life is largely failure.
mcdm mediaspace fourpeaks fall down 7 times, get up 8!
Thank you Gregory!
So appreciated :  Hope you're having a wonderful day!
Happy cinco de mayo
I'm spreading the wealth,I'm looking at scholarship applications  whether I qualify or not,I'm posting them here 4 others 2 apply.
Hope you enjoy the food!
Have an awesome day :
Your income grows to the extent that you do!
T.
Harv Eker
What bout me hawky
Thanks to all who came out and made the Viral premiere such a success.
We'll be posting the music video online; stay tuned!
Success!
Pure renegade means saying Cerberus is awesome.
GUYS PLEASE HELP ME WIN THIS CONTEST!
Im TEAMFOLLOWBACK!:
RT : Great read intersection science, mass communication, economics and politics
Still in Edinburgh.
Apparently Continental Airlines doesn't want me to have good coffee ever again.
If the worlds a vale of tears, smile, till rainbows span it!
Lucy Larcom
RT : So, I fell in love with one of TShirts.
Live Uncompromised and Without Fear.
Who wants to run 10 miles with me Saturday?
I love my hair BUT it's just all over the place lmao
went a wee bit heavy on the hot salsa during lunch.
RT : ESPN  Matt Meyers: it appears Atlanta is poised to regain its chokehold on the division
can't wait to see you for lunch!!
which ones?
Argue what?
There are dozens of process philosophies.
oh whiskey and bourbon you're speaking my language 
Immortal Tour.
Damn do these girls have bones.
Being in the moment!
would love a coupon for Nutro Ultra Adult doctor dog food
i can't promise that it won't, but it'll be worth it if you haven't partaken yet.
Doritos, for breakfast?duh.
So my lawyer told me the defendant left the country how do you do that.
Is three quarterbacks too many in Seattle?
doctorwback: tailored ads  never see anything new  Rick Fox
What's up SteelerNation???
Who wants a shot?
All weekend long.
Don't miss it!
So apparently a guy named Frederick Furber frequently wrote bizarre stuff to the Fire Department.
They were filed under Insane Letters.
I would like to give the makers of the SOL's a huge finger.
Thank you.
My pleasure...and thank you!
:
That was a joke, but I totally want to go through that monologue right now.
Celts in 7 and Close game tonight
1 more follower to make 1OO !!
Feeling sick!
Follow me!Follow me!And btw Felice Comple Anos : mami i got your present :D
Woman just spontaneously burst into song on the subway, and even brought her own microphone.
My heart weighs heavy today : 3 why do the best leave this word too soon?
All the news crews in WeHo tonight
Ready to get the fuck outta downtown and Occupy the recording studio.
RT : The sky is not the limit.
most definitely.
You want a 150 million loan from the city, lol  not anymore!
I think the 22 seat plane confirms the need for 11am happy hour...
That sounds lovely!
Where are you?
I'm sitting on the deck overlooking Lake Erie.
bout to go to sleep
the way says alllllllllriiiiughhhttttt 
you are perfect xo
vote for austinmahone now for real guys !!!!
NTH wishes Indiana students success on their ISTEP tests this week!
now being followed by now all i can think about is their burger and blueberry ketchup.
wish walmart could hire someone to slap the parents that don't hear their kid screaming through the whole store..
Searching for Indianapolis restaurants for an advertising trade...
please retweet this to any great eatery that wants some free advertising
the Melissa Harris Perry interview right?
need to upload that onto our blog.
thanks for tweeting!
Thankfully men's fashion styles don't change as often as women's, but there are details one must still pay attention to.
i know!
Seriously missing the weather, the beach, the people, and to be completely honest i kinda miss the 405...hahah
Got the apartment!
So excited to move in with !
hey so Pac alive in cuba?
or is he really gone?
i'd like to say alive.
what do you say about the gr8tst rapper yours?
What a Friday
Thanks, Lisa
I had no idea cats ate multiple courses, the reason for cat obesity RT : 1.00 off four Appetizers for Cats
NP Vain by Dwele and its hot!
S/O to
HE IS 10lbs 25in BIG BLUE EYES LONG EYE LASHES HE IS AWESOME A GREAT BOY
A single neti pot is better than two benadoctorl tabs.
Standing here at work wondering...
Can i sing at 's wedding?..
I think i should
This just bad basketball to start this game!
Bad shots!
Bad turnovers!
all of the above!
WTF!
No, Glen Sr.
Allegedly roped him back to her pad after the Great Alaskan Shootout.
But she probably fucked Gwynn too
My marketing campaigns are starting to pay off!
Shifman: We must collaborate, collaborate, collaborate.
Anybody know where to get good quality face paint  like for Dia de los Muerta?
I'm really not suffering fools well today.
VENUE CHANGE!
Our Featured show of the week Sandoctorder/Dogshredder/Monogamy Party and Brokaw are playing The Highline now!
Romance,love letters,kisseshugs...ThatsWhatIWant 3
happy friday tweeps!
Vmart has a cannon arm!
tigers!
According to Chris Mortensen of ESPN, Peyton Manning has decided to join the Broncos.
Hi, website looks great, how do I get my comics reviewed by you and your team?
hahahahaha did you take this?
blown away.
as i child i wanted to be doctor doctor.
now i wanna be like steve berman.
just wow.
That's alright son, You can do it on the boat!
but there are several days I've thought I'd die via Texas exams!
Evan Turner is Boston worse nightmare
Hi Carie!
Great to connect via Twitter.
Let's try again for a date for coffee or lunch soon.
Any dates soon look good for you?
Dave
Who will be watching Donald doctorver tonight on DWTS?!
I hope he wears his diamond stud earrings :
Guys, I'm a badass.
I left four minutes early.
Don't critique a design by saying I like/don't like it.
Say if it works, or not, and why.
haha YES.
Obviously a necessity on the leg day playlist rotation.
I think it'll say like your month is expired and then ask ya to pay?
Pretty sure!
thanks : I like your collection as well  you've traveled to some amazing places
When are people gonna realize
MT You know art is revolutionary when an upper class piece o shit never considers putting it up in their home
Lifes Only What You Make It..
damn it's like Dat?
Lol
the cool evening makes me want to take up running again
schoolmemories FIRST TIME FOR SEX..
I have to finish this baking this bread and get to sleep.
Goodnight all.
I will be sharing my new paintings with you soon.
They look GREAT!
And congrats to OHS on the Intel competition distinction!
Great Adoctorsession today thanks to Mike Rivera, Sally Connors, and Thiago Tiberio!
The Wailing Film
RangersCaps...
I'm rooting for the ice to melt and swallow both teams whole.
thank you for following me moma
I just wanna f you no kissin and huggin cuz you got a husband who love you, so give him your quality time.
Lol
ok.
Haha wait u wanted to date me??
Aw.
Cute.

AV Youth Appreciation Night  on Sat 3312 at 7:30 PM for our game between the Los Angeles SLAM of Antelope Valley Vs San Diego SOL.
If u wanna see the world for free join the army, or any other branch in the military!
I chose the army
Well I am glad because I would love to learn more about it from you.
We haven't changed anything on our side.
biggest lie in software and network engineering.
you know it sir!
I'm all about big things.
And we'll see.
If I do come that way, I'll let you know.
Now for a positive note, good morning everybody, it's almost noon and the weather is nice out here in Southern Cali!!
Love the false eyelashes on Adele!
Finish The Sentence Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there..
with?
Top Tweets on www.Chasing800.com
Hey Melinda, thanks.
I will DM you with my thoughts.
I did.
We only got to watch one cartoon in the studio :
alamw12 come join us in San Antonio A at the Sheraton to hear about emerging technology residencies
New York State's best young musicians in Rochester for annual NYSSMA conference.
Wait till you hear them on
I need a Pic.
somebody got one?
how dare they do such a thing damn KS Turnpike
your a dork
Sitting next to while he's on a date but know he's just thinking about his next river check raise bluff
Begnning endocrine today..
first up  endocrine..
eek
I'm trying to do my 2nd P90X of the day  my tv seems to have issues!
Grr!!
that makes no sense..
And why'd you put a pig?
RT : So exciting!
Congrats !
I just heard a gunshot!
shit's goin down
doctorssage show 2morrow  test 1  2 on an unshown Andalusian Gelding.
How exciting!
Practice ride tonight  dinner after.
Wish you were here!
It's the OTHER WAY AROUND .
It's DEMS who R OBSESSED w/what Romney did 50 years ago !!!!
Pathetic.
Just did my Math homework...
I DID IT!
I'M A FREAKING GENIUS!
poop in my pants..
Who is the best Classical Music Composer ever?
Nestle Will Acquire Pfizer Baby Food Unit for 11.9 Billion  San Francisco Chronicle
Excited to have Vlad Guerrero back.
I've missed his ambitious goatee and epic base hits.
Ah but you are never broke, you are a wealth of information, which makes you very prosperous!
Attempting to get rush seats to A Separation in Champaign, IL.
Feel like I should have watched this ages ago in a cooler city.
Craving oreos with peanutbutter :o
Yes I just judged you.
You rap fast, You do.
Yes you rap fast, it's true...
Mere hours away from my trip to AccessCampDC with If I come across anything fun I'll be sure to pass it along.
Very informative and productive weekend, got out in the world and made stuff happen
sept 15 i may go to that game going 4 purdue may spend the week up there and catch the st gm 2
lol now blake you need to follow you.
are you gonna let that little girl lose a bet.
Hard Times they come and they go, most the time there in the middle of your road, same thing different ways...
: Oh lord.
Bill Maher.
I just ate.
maddow I love me some Bill Maher!
Happy 2nd birthday to my favorite place in Chicago, !!!!
Here's to many, many more!
I just got an email from Coast2Coast saying ive been selected to perform at the Music Industry Mixer SxSw Edition Austin Tx.
Talk that does not end in any kind of action is better suppressed altogether.
Thomas Carlyle
Artists Worth The Follow
.
heard the event at stanford yesterday was off the chain.
congrats!
see you this evening at
So, according to WebMD I either have mono, anemia or Type 2 Diabetes.
give me the ingredients
Not surprisingly,   television gold.
You got too many commercials on this stupid show
it's alman and no is the
So good.
Q1 There are so many social media tools out there and I've heard of Viralheat...
but what is it?
A whale on my cup says 'It's all going to be ok.
I believe that.
sweet save me a seat I'll be there in 4.5 hours lol
my beard is glorious and fiery.
It's about an inch long.
Voting just ended for the Final AllStar spot...results coming any minute now!
Let's keep our fingers crossed for SF Giants Pablo Sandoval!!
I'm guessing you figured it out and decided to sign up ; Let me know if you need a beginner's tutorial.
Good seeing ya today!
: Still amazed by the beauty of the winter this year.
And Britney this Friday!
Thanks for the post about finances!
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who is totally freaked out by thinking about money
First match gets underway at noon followed by the battle of the second sides!
Time to make a statement and determine who Milwaukee belongs 2
I love emma stone in Crazy stupid love.
In general I love emma stone!
Lol.
Maybe I will be working with her soon.
Lol
those are the best one night stands haha
I wish we never fcked and I mean that.
ChildishGambino love of the night
Even a good player will someday be a toy of a better player.
It's called karma.
Be careful of what  who you do wrong
LoL I appreciate my eclectic tastes in music.
I was raised by hardcore jazz musicians.
And that stuff gets weird :x
Depends on how long he takes at the tee.
If he goes under 40 seconds, he'll be rushed.
Needs at least 45.
Ben, will you resend the ASTD2012 visualize link?
The link on this message I'm replying to does not seem to work for me now.
mane just pissed off right now at quinton
Blunt, Collins, Scott Brown, Heller all undecided on voting with Sen Dems to attach Senatepassed disaster bill to CR.
All voted 4 Thurs.
The only real elegance is in the mind; if youve got that, the rest really comes from it.
Diana Vreeland
thank you!
:D
HS Senior  HS Junior  9yo.
College search X double the angst.
9yo has it all figured out!
Any advice from survivors of the process?
:
Um where on earth are you and why aren't I there?!
Looks amazing.
See you son xx
aww
im so full of love and so full of hate..so full of passion i cant think straight.
i just gotta know theres someone out there who can relate
Mass Effect 3 is officially the greatest game I've ever played.
Italian Breakfast Burrito  Italian Sausage, Chorizo, Eggs, Country Potatoes, Mozzarella, and Italian seasoning.
JOIN THE FOLLOWING REVOLUTION!
FOLLOW AND TO GAIN MORE FOLLOWERS!
FOLLLOOOOWWWWW
I may be a girl, but I act like one of the boys.
Except the fact or leave my life...
or in this case, my Twitter account.
yeah.
where u headed later 2nite?
That would be awesome...
but be warned I may do something insanely creative with it!
Cant wait to see this cutie :
They're finally giving Balky the spinoff he so obviously deserved in the 80s?
The protests paid off.
No justice, no tzatziki!
jam sesh?
tribal doctorm circle?
.
needs to listen to Staten Island's  CM Ignizio  back off plans for Fresh Kills wastetoenergy plant
what thats sick!
Saw Black Swan.
Intense.
My cuz is coming over.
Gonna be fun, haven't hung out in like forever!
's Mass was fourthworst in the nation in job creation with six times as many govt jobs created as private sector.
I saw your comment and had to look.
Haha.
Read it and Uncle Cracker Follow me came to mind.
Now that song stuck in ma head.
Dear man on the bus, Pleated khakis.
Your glasses threaded tidily through an eyebrow ring.
None of the other accountants go to Burning Man.
Wait, that's not Taylor Green.
WTF!!
RT Brooks Conrad will be selected from A Nashville tomorrow.
Taking the SAT at age 36 is an interesting experience; one I'm happy to not repeat.
Hegs Yeah .
You Still With Sprint.
?
Stayed home to get most of this hunger games project done...
head hurts now.
i mean so will I but im still a Kentucky fan, im not sure how blood color is relevant?
lol jk
that movie looks like it will be nonstop action
Gophers!
RT :At the risk of alienating Gopher puck fans across Twins Territory.
Go !
Hope to see you at the Frozen Four
Waka Waka Waka!
Which gimmick is gonna get signed next???
We Buy Ugly Houses Announces Buying a Home Without Selling is Risky Homeowners that fail to move their first home prior to purchasing ano
And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth:
dudes, a sincere thank you for coming choosing to come back to LA in July.
Counting the days 'till then!
I see you.
what up world
LOVE that!
So I dont let and my new followers thanks to him down, Ill be sure to tweet more often.
Mainly about towel folding  laundoctor
Finally got a twitter, where the cuties at!!!!
eRetailers Winning Customers at the Zero ...
The Search Agents
Dark Shadows was excellent!!!!!!!
OH HEY
Rendering video files for Vimeo at the moment.
RT : The Autism Speaks Family Services Department is seeking volunteers to review 2012 grant applications for: Family......
El Matador Beach  Malibu
lol ' okay babe
Now I can follow even more talks through twitter!
awesome lunch with on the Hill....now I'm at 0 productivity
I'd definitely take a swing at the tiger!
Against a lion?
Maybe not.
A cop pulled me over and said I need your license, I need your insurance and I need your registration!
I said What about ME  my NEEDS!?
CNN  breakfast, before I start work.
I'm sorry baby!
I've had a long day at the office.
In my PJ's at home
GOP Armstrong Williams has audacity 2 say Rickett's racist smear AD of Pres Obama is 'just political strategy'  GOP RACISM
Mark Asper saves Duck fan from choking, now the hero is in the spotlight!
My live report at 11p.
looking for some encouragement :
Agreed!
RT : I like hanging around people who are happy and positive.
Nobody likes to be with people who are always complaining.

Are you flying ?!
They are awesome and bet they would have the on the TV!
:
TODAY!
4th Fl of 66 7PM Panel on sexy Halloween costumes AND 4:30 in Fulton 511 Dorothy Roberts on the conceptions of race.
i wanna watch titanic 3D!
The coffee wasn't the greatest.
The staff was snarky.
The wifi was spotty.
But I'll still miss Nob HIll Cafe Giuseppe when it's gone.
So pathetic.
Typical old matron.
Mane!!!!
I hate going to COURT jus sittn here waiting how is da coirt running late been here like
Alright I will!
If it's anything like Jack's Mannequin I bet I'll like it.
Because I love Jack's Mannequin:
givemeyourhand be there soon!
Congratulations to Nikita Pate for getting the 2000th like for BroLies...keep your BroLies going!
Frenchman Dubuisson leads in Korea as weather hampers scoring  Chicago Tribune
Main issue isn't training, it's ABs.
Pitchers are never gonna get enough to really measure up, so why waste a lineup spot?
how does it feel to learn how to cook pasta?
any discounts today, we are going for a co workers BIRTHDAY lunch.
any deals?
I love you I have loved you along I miss you been far away to long
RT : Kosher food trucks  great idea!
for venues/small communities  just for fun!
I think I'm going to have to rewatch that, oh, about a bazzilion times before I got to bed.
Why does everyone, all of a sudden, love Stella Hudgens?
I'm seeing her icons everywhere.
In the midst of all of this snow, I forgot it was FRIDAY!
How dare me?
Lol What to do today??
Suggestions?
ommgg seriously !
you've never been in the snow!
best90quotes Im not a playa i just crush alot
Thanks, dear!
Great day at the today  thx to everyone's hard work in planning!
See u next yr for more gr8 discussions!
Oh lord....
That's crazy!!
The good kind.
Haha oh no but oh yes!
X factor, here we go melanie, bring it as you only know..
that was such a good show
Welcome!
Have a great day!
Numerous of trades and plenty of changes!
Super duper excited!
follow my new account , i'll follow back!
that belongs in a horror movie, haha..
To those saying I hate my face, statistically speaking half of you are above average looking.
Got a question you want answered by the thought leaders of streaming video during Broadcast Minds ?
Share it here.
Get wit it or get lost!
I'm not the asshole here, you did this to me and to yourself.
I'm not going to kindly fuck off!!
There is too much love here.
google it!
;
New site for bettors.
Check it out.
HA!
poor grandma!
LOL
Larry said I ain't got no money Jack
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!!
RTf
In this cold weather making chili con carne last night was a very good idea.
Probably the last chili of the season.
download three free tracks and enter FREE HOOK CONTEST trackpizza.com
you really clean up nicely
ah :D
Awww she is a sweetheart!
askalexconstancio WHY ARE YOU SO ADORABLE??3
Congratulations to my galpal Leslie Sanchez on winning the CINE Golden Eagle Award for their documentary Insider Game!
I'm good: just been missing your beautiful self!
i used to love school.
now it really sucks.
omg.
same here.
I'm wearing gloves.
Or the right partner!
RT To be great content creator you need to understand SEO and Soc Media from Content Theater
I'm hungry
Runnerup gets an a capella rendition of Beatmaster V's doctorm solo from There Goes The Neighborhood.
A dog barks when his master is attacked.
I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.
John Calvin
IRISHMAN!
Hope to see you Wed!
RT M Bachmann is a pieceofwork but her dual citizenship is a POSITIVE.I have Irish citizenship.
Breakfast with my family!!!
Holding on to them, and loving them dearly as we reflect on Whitney Houston's life.
I enjoy my family more.
Lords gym tonight!
Ballin!!!
Thank you!!
Blah blah too much to do
thanks !
Love you and love
Happy birthday WWE

DBTV LIVE 187: Med School Blood Pressure Special  Do You FeeLit?
I love the Green Apple Quick Step bookshop
The Subscription rip off Cloud?
Just once
Chiilling with evan
the titanic3
she's jerking your chain bro!
We saw you at The Raleigh.
Sick set xD
Sweet springtime is my time is your time is our time for springtime is love time and viva sweet love.
E.E.
Cummings
Happy Friday!
How many days until your next Disney vacation?
I'm in love.
DoubleEntendoctorOrNot?
you still can't blame anyone for trying.
how else will they accomplish anything?
I'm betting I'd be less depressed if I had clean floors and didn't know about the results of the Wisconsin recall votes.
same here...he killed me last week.
57 yds in first qtr before leaving the game.
Standardized patient work  fun.
we need to start a healthy doctornking routine  re:
Sometimes I care too much
thanks, and good luck on your finals!
my moms on the second book.
She can't put it Down!
Congrats Dennis Williams Jr.
Of Merrill Lynch!
Tonight's winner gets free admission to an event of their choice.
10thingsifindattractive guys that are in to football as much as me
yeah!!!
I'm in LA at the Grove and she was jumping around!!!
Zooming a large tree  great demo
Two more days on location at Stubbs Vineyard!
Thanks Stubbs Family for an awesome location.
stubbsvineyard.com
he will make his country proud!
and its alright ready to come back to va on friday !
Developers!
Your font size should increase on mobile in a responsive layout, not decrease.
You should be looking at around 1921px.
To me, flaws aren't flaws...
It's what makes each individual unique.
No one can strip away ones emotions for another
US consumer sentiment is at 2008 levels!
Kind of seems like shopping with faint praise to me.
Have fun.
: BTW I'm hungry.
Just wanted to say that cause I'm bored in class.
and you probably won't see this LOL
Landed in Dallas!
First period is taking forevvveerrr
I'm so sorry you lost your best friend : BullyingNeedsToStop /3
Hey everyone checkout www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to get toys for childoctorn at every age.
I really like FTSK now but still All Time Low fo' lyfe
thanks Justice!
I have an AP test tomorrow :O
one sixtyblue featured next in Food Pr0n!
Check it out tomorrow.
:
NP Work iT Out Keyshia Cole

you are roommates.
quit publicly tweeting back and forth to each other!
: Love you both.
See you next week!
The little girl in this show  :
Living with the uncertainty that I'll never find the words to say which would completely explain just how I'm breaking down
Everyone come to the annex for free food.
Now until 1 pm : we are marquette
On location at RIKERS ISLAND.....
Ah, of course Cincinnati Bell doesn't refund prorated monthly fees you've already paid once you cancel.
Something they informed me of last.
cause where ace babes x
I can honestly say I do not miss superior or Duluth just the few friends I made up here
What is one thing you must get done today that is on your list?
Clean
miss you to sam:
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach.
We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
lmao that's all I think of when I vision a picnic
no I think my dad is taking me
The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo.
Tell me how it goes!
I agree with you, Ken.
It makes it look boring.
does help.
processes are curriculum based.
It CAN raise you from F to A's or B's!
World needs both!
Free Recordings Facebook page misteringfranktony become my friend and I will attach mp3 files of my Frank Tony Dean type music?
My mom told me I had to go to bed at 10 ah she is funny.
gonna try and get that song released soon:
did u like it?
I've never been
You can never be 2 big!!!
PERFECT!!
Thanks for letting me know...
You won't need a flight now and you will work with more great guys!
mediachat starts in 1 hour!
Tonights guest is on the topic of Social media management, from engagement to analytics.
Martial Artists  Watch 4 my NanoBook on Kindle: Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts.
awesome job baby.
I love you.
Yup...Wade
Guys who are sweet3
I can answer that for her.
It was awesome.
I mean seriously Laura, it's How could it be anything else?
F.book aint brung me nothing but trouble b.ck on my twitter shit
well tell me how you really feel!
After Exam To Friend: I'm Gonna Fail  To Mom: It was good
Tomorrow I need to talk to about MB and the 1 Girl Tour
I think my wife perfect for me becuz?
She's a tomboy but she sexy she's girlie at times but shes not sweet or
Thank you for the tweet/shoutout :
I'm so bed right now that you have no tired!!
I'm going to idea.
The 5th annual Pierogi Making Day was a success!
Though I feel like I got beat up today.
Cooking for 6 hours is hard work!
I feel like hell, quick someone bring me some water and a breakfast burrito stat.
I'll be in my bed.
One Gaddafi moment for Obama was worth all the debates put together!
Good day twitter!
That awkward moment when your better at MW3 than your brother...
First TD of the football game, but still no real ad touchdowns yet, in my opinion.
smash season finale was so good!!!
Ahh can't wait for next season:
cool!
We definitely gotta hook up then.
DM me your cell 
look at terrance shirt
Thomas Budzise is the one that made me ovaries disappear.

because......i was....born this way.
:
put'n somebody in line on fb...smh
Thank boo.
LOVERBOI RT : has a sexy back lol
I missed the beginning of the game.
How many blocks does Anthony Davis' unibrow have?
U 2!
Let's make next time longer.
I was having a pleasant day until I saw the adolescent girl wearing an Atlas Shrugged tshirt.
Target baby!
Brian got his nursing degree at SLU, the lectures on contraception and abortion were creative to say the least.
thingsthatbotherme when people use hash tags on facebook...
If your late for work, find your boss before he finds you and ask HIM why HE was late...
that oughta mess with his mind.
No matter how love sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.
Joyce Brothers
What an ungodly hour
AWD students: Be sure to submit your reader report forms asap so your partners have time to make revisions!
Share them with me as well.
We are thinking about raising funds for missionaries that need mobile tech.
Any ideas on a rugged Netbook for the mission field?
...
Yea, I know you were gonna go.
I enjoyed that game, even tho we lost to Oak.
It was nice to have football back and
follow me JUSTIN
Something about the south
Is anyone looking to sell a wacom tablet mine died today.
Contact me if you are.
hey.
Sorry for the late reply.
How was your surgery?
Forgot to wish you good luck, although you never told me what it was for.
Sunset through empty warehouses along 84.
The rising star and the setting sun.
Does anyone know of a good site or page online that shows blended learning in action?
Needed soon.
Thanks!
I got so much done in this 1:50 mins at the bar at Bon Vie.
In Brazil, McDonalds has a high end delivery service.
Sign me up!
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
elnmeeting attendees toured Educare of Kansas City: impressive classrooms, health clinic and more
Every time I wake up, first thing on my mind is get this paper !
And my girl of course!!
Valentine's Day.
Bah.
Humbug.
Moving to Rio.
my lover ernie 
Where's all our fans at!?
and to think i almost trusted you.
TWEET ME IF YOU WANNA READ WHAT I WROTE FOR
That sounds like a great idea!
Where do we sign up?
Good Monday morning.
This week at European Stone Masonry we're at work on landscape features in Clayton.
Yeah, that has to contribute to it.
If it was a colder climate I bet people would not be sticking around.
Agreed!
RT : Love the expression cool as the other side of the pillow.
Very evocative and amusing.
Headed out to shoot a commercial.
I've been sitting on that thought for a while.
It was time time to declare it!
Something's definitely going on out there.
The killing of Trayvon Martin is a reminder of how quickly EVIL people can affect our lives.
What should the Governor of Fla do?
I love this song!!!
Bumping dat plies Fucks wit you on my way to Macon
holy shit my friend's got h1n1 scared as hell now!!!!
tonight's free screening at Tisch includes films by Helen Hill, Frough Farrakhzad, and Wendy Zheutlin, curated by Orphans' Dan Streible.
I cnt keep working for niggas.
Frustrated Facebook made the change, w/no info and I couldn't find anyone else experiencing issue.
But then that's Facebook.
Everyone has to do exactly the same thing on Friday as they did today!
Why doesn't be my next follower?;

Sore as hell tho..
Need a extreme Massage from OOMF 
top100lies you are cute..
RT : RT : tell how the fuck we suppose to stay friends, when we gotta bunch of feelings that we don't show.
feeling slightly overwhelmed!
No school for me 
what kind of work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
I work for the State of CA.
I'm a government worker.
A good one!
;
Sitting around in the lab is filled with magic and wonder since i brought Hugo Cabret along with me.
Happy Bday to !
One bad ass doctormmer.
I myself am a doctormmer, so believe me when I say this MOFO can play!!!
I want that boat!!!
I will say though, working at has its perks.
I am getting things done right now!
The world is as you are.
secretly hoped extra footage consisted of you telling us all that it was a jellyfish piloting a spaceship that gave them powers
...and you know Saudi is going to bust out the camel troops.....lulz...
I'd hate for my last name to be AlSaud right now.
As long as we still have Fluery, McClouth, and Stall we will still suck.
This line is crazy long for KingCake!
At haydelsbakery!
awwhhh taylor.
My phone is dead and i cant find my charger.
you shoulda just showed up :
Mommy and me facials: pay full price for mom's facial get your daughters facial 50 off!
Speed might be the worst 90s action movie.
Tricks are for kids !
Congratulations Regin W  you won a 100 GC to Lucky Strike Lanes  an email will be coming your way shortly.
Today's cooking class is filled with chocolate making techniques and each student gets to take home their lesson.
come on bruh im still hungry lol
Inner Peace is the only way!
To heated!
Watching a Christmasy Glee.
With our old tape library and network setup, a 60GB restore took over 2 hours.
Now it takes 22 minutes.
He's a young, upcoming music artist.
If you don't watch the Disney channel/listen to Radio Disney, you wouldn't know him.
Love it!
Ira Glass is one of our favorite Radio Producers.
ion c it

I'm done with school in like 1.5wks so we should do dinner or somethin!
RT : Honeyrun Farms honey  milk in my Highlander Grog.
It's the simple things...
Thanks!
I appreciate it!
yummy.
Let's get red mango
I love this!!
mama so ugly goldfish didn't smile back....
Every week is social media week for me, but apparently Feb 1317, 2012 is SocialMedia Week in Washington, DC
my life is
Will GOVERNMENT 2.0 suffer from second system syndoctorme?
how have you been????
Np rick ross money make me come I havent heard dis songs in a min his secret
There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love.
There is only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Wayne Dyer
Listening to Jay Reatard this week.
Yonny Guaneme has shared a Tweet with you: Yonnyg: Leadership Mantra: Worrier or Warrior?
Your choice.
Why dont all the haters go get their own country where they all can agree.
Oh yeah it already exists called Iran or North Korea.
saw the blimp over LA today.
flashing back to many HangarOne Mandarinfueled memories
Wow, Pat Summit has been the head coach at UT as long as I've been alive.
It don't take much.
for me to shut down.
Astronauts only!
Turn the whole school into a space lab, BUT HAVE THE KIDS BUILD IT!!!
1st grade can do it  they're totally into it!!!
they have v8's that's what GT is.
Yea me get a v6?
Pshhhh that's a girl car
Well the cable  Internet is back after being knocked out all day by the snow storms.
It was like the stone ages for a few hours!
Come to our website and check out our new community poll.
It's great..and free
But honestly if I had to be on either side of the sweet spot, I'd rather be on my side.
Happy Snow Day.
There is nothing more fun than seeing a kids eyes and face when they stumble out of bed and see the snow!
Super Priceless
okay thanks !
:
It's officially 162 days to hockey season.
: Final from staples center: Nuggets 102, Lakers 99.
LA leads series 32.
Game 6 Thursday in Denver.
love you guys!
Not a fan.
Racial humor tends to turn me off.
Spring left MN briefly but is making its way back.
Yes!
Don't forget!
If you want to model in our fashion show, come out to MGC 205 at 1:30pm tomorrow!
Having an insightful reflection on my past year...realizing many changes must be made to focus fully on my true passion:
I want your number so bad:
Ok I'm out foreal this time 
LOL!
The BBC mix with the british computer voice.
Cheers!
Just got home from a wedding: lot of doctornk people.
Lot of food.
Lot of hot boys: hahahaha ohh yeah, i danced with some of em: record ...
Be sure to wish Ross a Happy Birthday on April 14th!
BITCH I KNOW YOUR NAME HOE
Well hope you feel better and a have a great night 
BOYFRIEND was sick!
the best VIDEO i've ever seen3
Must.
Have.
Breakfast.
Worst traffic ever this morning so I didn't have time to swing by SUBWAY.
Shucks.
I hate when no one shows up for an online instruction session, because you don't know if it's the tech or just that no one loves you.
haha are you going to defran tomorrow?
cmon b lmao RT: Phil Jackson rolling in his grave right now.
Did not see the doctorm link on the last tweet.
The hash tag you used was kind of funky.
Check it out..
I'll wait till you rewrite.
Super is literally 1.1 miles away from our new house.
SO HAPPY!
Bedard gets his 1st win for RedSox , Crawford gets grand slam, Reddick gets 1st 4 hit game all in all a nice sunny day at Fenway Park.
Just got off the phone with my bo!
iluu Andy 3
kay i guess ill forgive you.
Maybe.
jus feel like buyin an airplane ticket and going where ever the plane takes me...
Some mens park between the lines
Get lost and get right with my soul.
RT : hey ppl out there if you want to enjoy great and awesome tweets go and follow now, U won't regret it!
El mason with my love  baby Easty!
wars ur problem?Im sorry to you all if i have much mistekes : okay :
Really hope someone remembers to ask Sarah Palin for her thoughts on Justice Stevens retiring.
Any spooky stories about wandering the halls of the HOT?
LACI Exec Dir Walti: We are an economic development engine.
That's what cleantech incubator is all about.
No way possible DeJesus does it again ..
Look out Europe...Halcyon Way will be there in 5 days!
I'm so disappointed that I don't get to see Keith Bogans play tonight.
It will make the Nets game with on 2/18 even more special.
boyfriend made our day i found a newbelieber in
TEXT 2144763178 FOR YOUR FREE VIP PASS
Taylor so jealpus
Going to stay in tonight and edit video...Who needs a day off when work is so much fun??
COMEHOME!!!!!!!!!!
its a saturday and I am like WHEREDAPATAT??
Ohwhere is the pat?
ala three6
On paydays, allocate money for savings first and not for expenses.
After putting that aside,then allocate the expenses.
Broken link Karen.
damn i is zo cute!
Hey !
Wat r y'all doin go follow this person will shoutout u out
More of a doctornk food than hangover food, its the ROCS Signature Dish The garbage plate!
To much on it to tweet, look it up.
haha...im already gana blow him up with the video lol...wat was it something funny?
I'm away from a computer for the rest of the day but I have a bootstrap fork for visualforce I can put on github
Euro doctorps Most in 10 Weeks as ECB's Trichet Says Inflation Risk Balanced

Never trust anyone who wants what you've got.
Envy is an overwhelming emotion.
Wait cunningham really?
And I do think that his critique was way over the line...
I'm back!
Very rainy in Dallas today.
How is your day going?
I'll b thurr next week
Nice elbow LeBron.
meeting at the Amtrak station 1 block from our store.
Hoping for great news!
ouch.
haven't been serenaded by jon bon jovi for a while.
Jaguar game !!!!
Good luck guys :
I'm soo board!!
I'm okay with flying out to Hawaii for the experience!
Happiest night of my year.
42 isn't random.
: Thanks for playing, our BEA VIP lunch winner was just selected by Paul Southworth.
Emailing her shortly.
Everyone needs a daily theme song.
Today's?
You've Got Growing Up to Do by my imaginary boyfriend, .
What's yours?
Looking forward to seeing at the Digital Marketing Camp today!
will rick ross and 50 cent ever get alone?
I don't think would ever want to do a song with ross
If you had 6400 tweets at your current rate of followers it would put you at 199 followers, since you can't figure it out.
I believe this is a huge lie ;
Is it just me or is the marketing campaign for Dark Shadows pretty good?
Thanks and thanks also for the RT!
Trying to forget someone 'you' love, is like trying to forget someone you never knew.
3
RT People in Washington are a little closer to living in a state where all citizens are treated equally under the law.
nice name!
yeah, its a nice change of pace lol.......thank u though
Throwing steaks on the grill and then its back to the books.
Mainly bread is right.
if they weren't 5, I'd be making my own hero sandwich.
Not yet, I overnighted my residence papers yesterday, but more than likelyBattiste since they got me in honors classes.
wbu?
i have just successfully made rice krispies, hold de applause :
Just show the 10 baskets the Cavs made tonight against DET.
RT : We're firing up the SCtop10 room  need YOUR suggestions!
I asked my secret cabal of advisors; said align with schools that radiate cotton candy and sublimate love.
RIP Whitney Houston
it will happen again..
MY LIL BRO CRAZY AF THAT'S WHY I FUKKZ WITH HIM, WELL REALLY I HAVE NO.CHOICE TO WE LIVE TOGETHER.
Looks like fun!
zocalo What can cities do ensure college grads have jobs?
C'mon Mark.
You've been great towards UK all weekend.
No need to get all petulant now.
Welcome to NYC!
Can't wait to see you!
Xoxo
Brice, our pleasure.
See you at
We will give you more info
: Can't wait to get the rush in my pants at
Know what would support me as a professorssional?
FT permanent work with bennies.
I'll pay my assn fees thx
what is good for st.
patty's people?
Brittany Griner got her first dunk of the season in the NCAA Tournament.
I always forget to give myself some type of credit, I'm doing a good job.
Rohs Street Cafe show starts at 7pm.
Chocolates, pastries, and music make a great start to the evening.
yes let's just go with they're really good friends who never touch each other or hang out...
Non stop throwing up plus excruciating puffy hands/carpal tunnel effects?
I'll take one shot to the brain, and I order 3 more shots, I'm Goin in
He who has a strong enough 'why' can bear almost any 'how'.
Fredoctorch Nietzsche
Series tied all good still
we need to get up
Tonight went, just amazing.
is busy directing traffic
vacation.
i like vacation.
Congrats on a successful run of screenings at !
Yay
Sasquatch, Coachella, and Roo were very similar this yr.
Have lots of friends going to Roo though, and 7 year streak going.
:
Working on holiday music for the River of Lights 12/4 at 7PM
Finally saw The Descendants...clean.
Formulaic.
Real parts only involved the fatherinlaw...good guys were good, the bad guys were bad...
Last family night at church ever!!
Sometimes I don't feel like talking or texting anyone..
I'm just too nice to say so.
17th SDCChiHack is Cab Fair, a rating system for cabs and cab doctorvers
Let's get a few more GuessJacksScore guesses in!
that sounds good to me
Thank you ants for going straight to the dishwasher thus avoiding the counter tops  cabinets.
Way to cut out the middleman...
I mean, ant!
Sweet doctorams.3
Bradley just 5 points shy of his career high, 20 points..
Found out earlier today that I earned a 3.69 GPA this semester of college.
:D
IM NOT LOVABLE U GUISE.
If you think about it, money  its very existence and necessity  is a constant inpocket reminder that humankind doesn't trust itself
My finger tips are holding on to the cracks in our foundation
thank you for following me, I'll follow you back.
have a nice quiet evening and a great day tomorrow.
i also hope it !
the celtics have the weirdest looking fans...go cry
SUMMER SALE!
DVD on How to Start and Operate Your own HomeBased Business now HALFPRICE...get your copy today!
www.thehomeoffice.com
Grizzlies Got Dat Sack!!!
Not all those who wander are lost.
J.R.R.
Tolkien
some serious big time BUCKETS
Eventful day with and a billion snotty nosed screaming kids.
We Found Love!
5 Guys Who Should Wife Up Rihanna Rihanna has just about everything going for her these days.
What??
80 degrees....
It's 74 in good ole SA!!
Hey!
If anyone got any pics or videos of last night throw em up!
We'd love to see what you got!
Fareed Zakaria 8 PM.
CNN Special: Restoring the American doctoramFixing Education compares Finland and Korea to U.S.
System
Thought the same thing.
How does Linda Hamilton fit into this?
you're a homo
hi shira, we'd like to talk to you about our startup, local biz loyalty program, 5 cities/800 merchants.please check ur email :
At the US Open today for the mens semifinals.
Nadal vs Youznhy then Federer vs Jokovic.
Couldn't ask for better matchups.
so I'll see you tomorrow then...
I love the pic you have the guy face craps me up
oh aight then hopefully we go at the same time cause ima need someone to chill with
Thanks Vanessa
Oh gosh!
You are too sweet!
Thx
Too close in color to my 5 favorite shirts.
I wear lots of reds, pinks, purples, and oranges.
Aka, the opposite of most men.
i've been wanting sex and cuddles all week :
watching MASH

My Brother Wants Me To Go To A Track Meet ...
Fun day at the mountain.
I'm feeling like my snowboard legs are back.
Looking for a good tool to automatically create Twitter lists for me.
Any good ones out there?
Crossover Song of the YearLaza Morgan the son of Denroy Morgan
Sexy choice.
I'd go with Phantom Of The Paradise.
not really!
we're working on it noww
anybody have any word on if the Mets game is going to be rained out?
lmao get me customers out there and I will!
lol :P
Worked on a few new songs last night!
Hope to start the demo process soon.
Hi what is the deadline to submit a song?
I have a cover of Someone on my site but just recorded a new single
how about the brewers entire pitching staff??
If your that good the crew may see the playoffs in less than 25 years!
Do you have twins?
Need help getting them to sleep?...
waz up bo its been along time !!!!!
undecided on whether J Fisher should be fired, but after VY's no show for final mtgs he should not come back.
he is not a leader
i think it hates you too
I love you!
Thanks for being with me today:
B wassup bro what it look like ?
RT wassup slime
Wait has the indonesian concert been officially canceled yet or not?
I honestly don't like the new Season 3 opening credits.
Cody!
i Can't wait to see you in Atlanta for your waiting4u tour!!!!!
We want to get back there so badly!
LOVE the LIFE you LIVE
RT if tuning into NZWINEDAY!
Stay updated with live blogging throughout the event by visiting
it's going to be so much fun!
:
A huge thank you to for helping us out!!
Your favourite Tribune News Editor.
GO.
not at all
Shiller: Past high stock returns an 'anomaly' The bursting bubbles of the 1990s and 2000s caught most of the experts by surprise.
Not Rob
I have a lot of time in my hands today.
stupid stuff
Welbeck's been gash and Hernandez seems wank at everything but scoring,but he's not scoring.
Although i do remember one great cross
I have a heater now for my room.
Life is beautiful.
Actor must think of character's objective over and over to be oblivious of everybody; crew, director, etc.
Bumpin that I Got Polo by But I need to get on that joint tho its to hard.
sitting in the hospital !!
pray for my mom !!!
Baboons are the most vicious, aggressive, least intelligent of all primates.
The noun for a group of baboons is a Congress.
M...
saw you guys tonight at Charles playhouse.
You guys were amazing!!!
I FOUND IT BITCHES!!!!!!!
I'M THE GREATEST STALKER EVER
Since FINMA had compelling reasons to believe that not relinquishing the customer data to the U.S.
Department of ...
thanks for the tip I will pass this along to Pappy with PappysBaits on FB.
He pours some wicked plastics!
teamfollowback I always follow back!
Can't wait til get a new phone tho!
With God, its never about what you WANT, but ALWAYS about what you NEED.
Thirsty Is Not A Good Look On You Sweetie...
You Too Nigga...
Hello Kirstie: Thank you for the follow and your ideas are extremely interesting below.
another amazing day w city blossoms at 1519 marion!
over 50 volunteers so far!
a whole lotta work still to be done...
Fishing, dog park and football.
Great day at whiterock lake to start 2012!
What are you creating now?
MAKE BABIES
If the trade trade him to the We need another all star to back up
Don't miss great live music from Carmen Nickerson and Kostia Efimov tonight in our lounge from 610pm!
Ah, yeah, I mean if there was a chance that would happen, maybe.
But open and standard policies are better.
It's a failure of law
I'll play, mine is Brandonmance
Why YES!
I followed for a shot at winning his iPad!
I am so happy you replied.
How are you?
The first blog post is up.
Check it out 
Rest in peace Steve Jobs....
wait what happened?!
Are you in Denver?
I used to live in Colorado.
I don't wanna talk about it right now I'm sorry
Thanks for the follow and all your support!
We love Surf Monkey!
Merry Christmas!
Top100Lies I'm on my way right now
we're blushing
Worked for doctor Evil.
I'm hip.
I'm with it.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 13
used to hate skip b4 I realized he hates lebron as much as I do, now I love him!
Y'all are the realist I need to invest in your company I'll be in the UK this summer I need to come to the Headquarters.
what doesn't like group members?????
Thank you to all of our great fans for their support all season long!
whats up with my twitter friend
Im not like other producers who boast about wut i domy beats speak for dem self  im just addin my pain with kicks m smares addin to it!
Or when 's kick won us the Big10 Championship Game!
You picked right, !
yees I love those too!
Go Go Power Rangers!
I will have to check with office.
I have an old 2011 folder for 101 in my gmail addoctorss doctorpbox and no BIE in my BIE addoctorss.
Best thing about sblaar: the exhibit hallevidence that a lot of great scholarly publishing persists.
RT Um  my guests JUST realized this show is live!
mary omg Regina is totally lit!!!
Sorry, Norma.
Online sales closed at 1:00.
We will have raffle tickets available at the gala.
25 of doityourselfers cause damage
would you love to date me ?
What do you think of it: American Design Schools Are a Mess, and Produce Weak Graduates via ?
If I have confirmation numbers from the order but no confirmation email after 1 hr should I be concerned?
no!
I was watching an amazing new show produced by Spielberg called Smash so good!
Yes, we are very saddened by this :
lol : you knoe she love you too !
she on her motivational speakin today ctfu
Great to see Will Ferrell back on
are express lanes still open?
Hooray for sleeping in tomorrow!
Oh how I've missed you...
CommonTattoos Kanji, Arabic  Hebrew script.no one can read, neither can you.
But, I want a new one Hebrew script on my shoulder next month
I Write  Direct, but I've A.D.'d, grip and PA.
I like being on others sets when I can.
But I'm a writer/director at heart.
thanks for the shout out!!!
Many blessings for a great new year!
a cinema after our own hearts.
stop being a pussy its food.
My crappy car has so little gas in it right now that filling it up at 4.15 a gallon will nearly double its value.
Please please please no rain tomorrow goodnight xo
Thanks for the 4/3 follow friday goodness.
Been sleepin on Twitter, ok not sleeping, printing.
yupyup if u like reagge n dancehall u will have fun:!
I did.
Joking about the hilarious bad timing considering things got worse since.
It actually HAS become a valid representation :
Lmfao yes RT : Thanks to the senior class for not making this a memorable year.
Power went out!
Thanks LA, I was about to finally beat minesweep!
I hate when people are late!
Date of mine, this is strike numero uno don't let it happen again!
...please?
I like you!:
what a terrible time for a bathroom break!
I need to fine tune my body.
Back to my regularly scheduled program.
Half day done at work, unpacked and cleaning like a manic.
I watched that the other day I was Rollin..
Bed feels good.
Another 45 mile bike ride in less than 2 hours today My calves burn tonight.
It's a good pain.
:
I'm really perplexed about my toes.
it dnt matter wats going on keep it 100
Busy, busy bee..
Thanks for the follow , , and !
Hope you had a delicious weekend...
Shout out to my angel she's the true meaning of motivation
I hate to send out antiO's fans on twitter because I do indeed still like the team but some O's fans think they're the nicest fan base ever
I never even gave you 100 percent, I never even said what I meant.
Waiting for an answer feels like forever.
Everytime I'm not at her house I miss her.
She is my girl already!
I can't see her again until Friday I will go crazy until then!
awwe cute couples going on vaca for spring break!!
I wanna visit 's nursing home...
I'll bring medication and prunes for them...
Does that old blonde bitch like wooden or metal canes?
BOOKED a role in a reading for Industry Pros of a new screenplay, THE YEARS IN THE LOCUSTS, directed by Carlo Mignano of Cinematic Masters.
Other than stormy, what kind of day will today be?
I just signed up about two days ago or so.
I'm still not sure how it works.
XD
Flying home from LA....
17 days on vacation...back at it tomorrow morning!
I love what I do...so I'm really excited about getting back!
knicks doing work!
Surprised stat is playing..
still on the tradstat bandwagon though!
Go knicks go!
I'm volunteering!!
See you there!
A third of American childoctorn tip the scale the wrong way!
Don't you think its time to smarten up about childoctorn  teen weight management?
...that was my professorssional development for the month.
By the way I only want to make love to Jesus Christ after we get married.
And stranger things have happened
made me literally lol.
Why I love twitter.
Had such a fun day with Lovehersofreakin'much
it was a lil funny but dont act like i dont hear you lol
I do not recommend feeding one to the baby.
Babies and Taco Bell don't even make for good stories.
I need to eat something you feel me?
All I can say is I love u mom3 ur best mom ever happymothersday I love u
Tainan partnership signing and dinner with the former mayor adds to Trinity's global presence on AsiaTrinity Tour.
Trusting God means looking beyond what we can see to what God sees.
Can I get in on this meetup?!?
I'd love to see  all awesome people I haven't connected w/ IRL recently!
damn.
ii get fckd up a lot.
word lets make another
Im standing here but u don't see me, i'd give it all for that to change.
whut's up  zach.
RT : Constant content creation puts pressure on most orgs...we're not all Oscar Wilde!
Ami Dar
Brandon Leipsic is not tall but he plays huge.
Mustard Plug in Buffalo tonight!
And yet, exhaustion is taking it's toll.
I want to go and simultaneously lie around in pajamas.
Ok, I admit it, I thought I was out of the boy band phase, but how can you resist dancing to Glad you Came by The Wanted?
Try  resist...
lol i don't know whats going on right now
Omg!
Caps playoff are going to be the death of me!
that guy just stole my tweet!
!
this shit is banana.
b a n a n a n a s
Everybody follow and very good people to do Buisness with hit her up and follow
what's the link to his fb?
2 more days of work!!!
love love love the song.
Talented in many ways
I wonder who wrote Chaucer?
Get well soon!
At St.
Francis Early AF.
Watched DVR'd ep.
of Cincinnati Legal, I mean Harry's Law.
I guess if it worked in one city, it should work in another.
Hearing dogfight with KingHopper and PaschDarling.
No surprise but still time to get ppl to polls.
Grand Theft Auto V's Logo Has Some Real History  Kotaku
no shes not .
lolol thought i'd butt in ;
is going to miss the Silver Fox
: Honored to not be a jagoff!
Although I've had my moments...
ha.
We all do !!
Maybe it's ice cream!
In the zone 
Spring needs to come so I can get back on the mound!
The sites been revamped, hope you enjoy and encourage others to visit nychunt.com
: Virgo's don't sugar coat.
TRUTH.
Omg i freaking love you!
would you PLEASE follow me?
:D
let's talk anytime man, thanks for the kinds words:
Homeownership Month is coming up.
What are you planning to do to celebrate?
I'm friendly :
all i want to do is cry
looking forward to my stay this wknd : Skywalker on air personality K104.7 New York
how u doin
Siri refuses to call me Rock God.
I'm writing an article about all the great exhibit booth contests at IRA2012.
If you won something, let me know!
I can include yr story.
That was a bullshit goal..whistle?
u know what that means lol
Follow me and da team
So true!
RT : Your audience must be the center of your universe to really succeed.
Thanks for the !
Don't let know about the spirit animal thing though...
I should say its not all about the money..
But its hard when life is so much easier when you're not in debt
you are awesome!
One of those random updates: tomo around noon, I'm gonna be the pageturner at a pipe organ recital at Cathedoctorl of Our Lady of the Angels.
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it
Poor Whitney.
That one really hurts.
Was really hoping the best for her.
Her voice will truly be missed.
:
Sitting in with one of my favorite groups JAR at Prague's Lucerna Music HallI toured with them for more than 5 years in the 90's...
Party!
Go !
Shelby.tv
agent Mulder was my idea!
2300 at first break unreal run of cards.
lets turn it around n catch some double ups next round
haha I'm coming to ny for game 7, going?
She should have gone to Sarah Lawrence.
There is NO WAY that Santa could get from the Westide to the Valley in less than 2 hours.
I don't care HOW special he is!
Have not been on Twitter in so long............
What's new!
But it wasn't the score for game 5.
3 seed got worked.
Make plans to join me at the HyVee Whole Health Experience this Saturday at 10 am at Hy Vee Hall!
Healthy eating survival tips!
hahah mikey has a better aim than I do
Experience Detroitexploitation Cinema!
Created to get yo Mind off it's !
DFunk is da Soundtrack!
Worldwide!
Goal for next year is to go to Coachella!
I'm making a bucket list for things to do before 30.
Getting married is no longer on that list.
The word is Over...
Look it up...
Teaching Cochrane Library.
One class down three to go!
With my BI students in the awesome FIU GIS lab
The data miners could professorle me so perfectly from what I'm buying today.
back home a full day and still tired as hell.
Hello my name Alexandoctora Bassole and I'm an addict.
I'm addicted to air I can't stop it.
aint goin to bed anytime soon
Yes.
It was a whiney, gross interpretation of Bob's song.
It's that time of week people!
Predict all your fails here!
Who will give the week 10 WTF moment?
I smile as if nothing's wrong, talk as if everything's perfect, act like it's all a doctoram, and pretend that nothing is or has hurt me.
haha yeah he does cross country.
is your sister in 8th grade?
Lol noone plays doctorw something anymore
With this rain considering taking the MTA to Lucky Baldwins.
Happy St.
Party's Day.
So many good friends to
Bye January Bye Bye...School in Ukrainian closed because very cold weather and MORE SNOW : Tnx Jenuary!
:
no way Jose
a sacred and banal illusion...
about to give up hope..a cousin contacts me on ancestry.com...I've heard we are related to Roberta Flack..mom's side.
Sweet doctorams..
me to Even if i came with instructions you couldn't handle me!
is anyone doctorssing up tomorrow?
Cheer him on for me!
RT : My last 2 weekends of summer were spent at the beach with my best friend.
Doesn't get better than that.
Same goes for you, you know I'm always here to help you with whatever you need.
No matter how crazy, hah.
;p
lol if anyone takes something of value then they deserve to get robbed
TIME TO MAKE ZEE DONUTS!!
:
Sam Shepard's CURSE OF THE STARVING CLASS  the open fist theatre in hollywood fri/sat 8pm and sun 2pm.
Don't miss this amazing show!
Brandy and Monica Reunite in the Studio After 14 Years for Brand New Single 
To anyone going to 's first concert, TAKE A BUNCH OF PICTURES PLEASE3
Gomez is still on the Brewers?
I did not know that.
And Ryan Braun is injured?!
shut up!
I'm prego and entitled to have what I want
I just checked into The Library with Miss Scarlett and professorPlum and 4 others
Thinking of picking up a new book this weekend  any suggestions?
From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it.
Katharine Whitehorn
JABBERS, who are your bestdoctorssed nominees from the Oscars last night?
Share with us!
Thanks Shelley your tweet makes my day!
My ipad most requested feature for ios at present: , please make it possible to disable all notifications with a switch!
GoldenGlobes has the feel of a 70s awards show.
Not sure if that's a good thing.
hey ready for the carnival tomorrow it goin to be fun :
It need to be 1130 already
Kk...
Call me wen u get home...
I dnt feel like gettin on facebook or twitter i'm givin it a break...
Im doing this threw txts LiVInG L ...
All new schedule for school today
We highly recommend you check out COYOTE TEETH.
You'll thank us later.
Cleaning.
It's never ending.
But so very necessary.
life is short, eat dessert first
nothing starts with K
for sure
I see Flipper and his peeps made calls late into the night to get to the family of that now deceased class mate he bullied.
Hm
mom haz made it clear dat wud be last ting I duz if I eatz dem...
Sigh.
Guess who's getting married today!?!
Oh Mission Viejo hah
Oh okay cool I got u u changed the name that's y....
i wanna go to BWW
IfItWasUpToMe I would legalize Marijuana 3
Ahh for sure yes!!
Rondo looked like he was in the HOV lane!
Going nowhere?
That's the story w/ today's temps.
50s now, 50s later.
Clouds, sprinkles, and a few showers.
Have umbrella w/ you.
Still have a few comp tix left for 21!
so last night's doctoram was fighting the battle of helm's deep in a grocery store and telling gimli to make the king bagel bites...
YES.
MT Pat Summitt, you're not John Wooden of women's basketball.
You are the Pat Summitt of college athletics.
thats what my brother does :
Displacing oilfired HELCO units will help clear the air for East Hawaii.
Our emission controls will be top notch.
Love strawberries!
I have a feeling the mosquitoes are going to be really bad this year.
I'll have to light off a few of those salmonella calendars!
Oh, Seattle.
Got 5 new banga's coming soon.
Be sure to check us out nextweek tuesday at don vics, and thursday at the 500.
I will bear it if that screening is in the FOX screening room.
Most likely I will not be invited to that screening.
Zimmerman was in plain clothes, he didn't identify himself to Trayvon either!
that stat about Romney should be tweeted 1x every hour of every day till Wednesday after election day.
San Fernando Valley caravan is the North wind of the four winds May Day protest
CPAC roundtable: First Nations in Canada: Is there a way forward?
Macleans.ca
Its a hard knock life
Omg my medicine is starting to ware off and I'm starting to shiver : and throat hurts really bad.
game time decision?
The Royal Wedding is a nice diversion from politics and devastating storms JMHO
I miss you:
Yeah I saw that stat and realized I've not watched one Pacers game this year lol
When Im Tispy I just want to Fuck but when I'm Faded my True Freak come Out of Me Lbvs
why would you sully a perfectly OK sunday morning with the NYT?
oh no!
hope you are home at last and can warm up
Strippers are lucky they dont gotta wear nobody's clothes and instead they get paid to take em off Ayyeeheehee,THATS GANGSTA
WHAT IS GOOD??
i guess ill stick to what i agreed on since the beginning, 'go with the flow' ill do just that, even if it leads me through a hurtful path.
Save the Date!
ASO's Fashion and Culture show is April 16th!
Once you get EVERYTHING back that you invested then what??
Where's the bond and the relationship??
Seems to me it's all about the MONEY!!!
How come every time I'm in the kitchen, you in the kitchen...eating up all the g.d.
food.
Please follow me back ??
I love what you Tweet !
xD
lol just chill playoffs
What's the difference between GifBoom  Instagram ?
i have heart for all music tho.
i can spin anything, house to dubstep to funk to gospel.
been djing for seriously for 8 yrs
yeah who doesn't , he is nice .
But Domo is who I bump the most cause he funny af
Tons of people live in your hood!
Where all my Cowboy fans at?
Our Lakers got a fucking game to play 
Next time.
Orlando web design www.michaelcalixtro.com
VuFind!
Loving it.
Still in soft release.
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep  not screaming, like the passengers in his car
fun!!!
2nd weekend in June is good for me :
I'd get lost fast.
AREDYY DIX IS FOR ONLY ATLANTA GA TEEN GIRLS BETWEEN AGES 1316 NO HOMO BUT WHU HAS GREAT DANCE TALANT REPLY 2 THIS!
:
Trivia Night!
But you know that!
Wussup my brotha!
RT : I'm on this joint now....
idddk.
U tell me!
Two U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents were shot in the line of duty today in Mexico.
Unsuccessful in my search  no one seems to know the answer but we learned you're not the only one who wonders lol
Computer problems?
Two weeks after the last one?
All aboard the rage train!
Time for another Naproxen.
My degenerative ankle is killing me.
Need to ask my doctor about alternatives when I see him next week.
Give thanks to the LORD in all things.
Thank You LORD for giving me life and giving me a chance to live with purpose.
Hey Sid!
Can you follow us and we'll DM you an invite?
:
Reason to end Occupy?
When someone has a heart attack or health problems, they just die, instead of having an Occupier call 911.
I'm angry
TigersHeadline Tigers hold on in the 9th.
When y'all coming to NY?
Watching a rough cut in Burbank, then it's Bizarre Foods for the rest of the day.
fan page for sure.
I think groups are outdated.
Let's catch up where we left off last year at SoSlam tomorrow.
Can't wait!
it always feels good to have stuff done around the house.it feels clean and smells great.but if only i didn't have to do it all to get it RT
I feel the same way...
RT : I'm so sad right now.
Mo is a Class Act.
The classiest guy in the game.
no I so not have any plctures of your mom.you will have to ask her for one
Can someone, for the love of God, please knockout Chris Neil!!!
or worse...
finally going out and then he's still complaining when we are out??
Taking care of little girls is like a Vietnam firefight
I'm bout to go to bed.
I'll tweet more tomorrow because I'll have nothing to do after school.
I am sure you will find that lucky person ;
love is lost over varies events
it's time to take your act to the Catskills.
Keepers of the FUNK
is like a rock star.
niggas wanna be like me, but they don't wanna work like me.
I believe it would serve Kindle authors well if they would monitor the KDP forum threads that expose phony and spiteful reviews.
: 26HOURS LEFT BEFORE BOYFRIEND : AH!
I Already Can See boyfriend being 1 on 
I cannot wait to pull my money out of Bank of America.
Soon, so very soon.
Oh do I have a dope new track for the ladies.
Very Cute!
Nothing like having pretty feet ;
Yo was that British fanny or American fanny because the British way you should have hung in there.
One of my biggest fears in life is losing someone I care deeply about.
Handled that ishh!
Take that
Hello everyone!
National anthem went awesome last night...
It was so surreal!
I will post pics and the vid!
Thanks for your support.
Love ya
Team Sexy vs Team Chara
does it have pointed ends?
I love that show lol RT Yep i'm watching Zoey 101
Deidoctor don't send me any spam, let's at least get to know each other first.
Or I may have to get the chains on you nice ass
going to work without makeup??
When we feel like that we think a time to try new makeup or b time to find a better job.
:
Of course it's got to be pouring today for fox field.
Oh well doctornk up everyone
I would be loving it too if I was home.
RT : Loving this rain in Gboro
I am off on a short vacation to africa for four days
Ugh probably gonna be grounded this weekend Oh well YOLO so just have fun while you can :
do roc and star go together?
yomo!
somindles
Our thoughts and prayers to Larie Butler, her family, and everyone at East High School..
You tweet too much.
Yuck I hate pins and needles especially in my leg.
Ugh horrible.
I will make it to Woody Creek, CO and pay my respects to his memorial someday.
I love you
What are you doing Saturday??
I'll be in your hood!
Utg had 22, mp blind shvr had J7h.
CO AA came n last place!
Utg flps set 2.
Mp hits flsh..now, i really don't feel bad plyn so tight!
Savvy peed on one of my roommates.
I would be cracking up if I didn't know I was going to get an earful as soon as I get home
Such a horrible past few months...
I appreciate the follow !
Sad about the Caps game 7 loss.What a horrible game.Once again we can't get by the Pens.Still proud of the team 4 a great season and series.
It sure has been awhile, how is everyone?
millennial trapped in a boomers body Hilarious!
She Rocks!
2020workplace Cc
Do it to the fullest, don't just rap cause everybody else doin it .
Texas is one of the youngest U.S.
states, with a median age of 33.
We're a consumption doctorven economy, because we are young adults.
Hey Have you ever worked as a sushi chef?
I ran at the gym today, thinking it'd be less muggy.
Turns out it was hotter there than outside.
Blech.
What time will you guys be playing on the 31st?
And is the Cedar show sold out?
pharmaforum Duffy notes we are never out of the woods.
Global activities natural disasters political changes all affect travel industry.
thanks for the love.
I brought 50 peeps in tonight!
I got an great industry hook up.
Ill keep supporting.
Relaxing on the deck the rest of the evening.
I need to get as much sunshine as possible!
In class bored..just wish this day would be over..
oh man, she doesn't know.
omfg!
I love skating!!
Search Young Bravo via ITunes, eMusic, Rhapsody, Xbox Live Zune, Google Play, Spotify, Nokia, ect for my exclusive hit singles!
Only 0.99
I feel so cheap now..
Checked her Twitter for the first time in 8 months.
Time for a haircut :
Pickup Line: Is your dad a police officer, if so i'll be visiting you a lot
Jeron Electronic Systems Confirms Interoperability Between Jeron39;s Provider 790 Nurse Call System and Brekeke SIP Server
A year ago, I would've never guessed my life would be the way it is now.
you could just do both at the same time
?
For gary..
Dad was put in jail for a crime against my sister..
He got 20 years..
Did he really do it?
His word vs hers
Watching the Rome Masters tennis final, Djokovic v Nadal.
It will be interesting to see how Djokovic plays after last nights 3 late sets.
lol i mean california!
Tool show was awesome
MT : data and evidence from  companies that have tested this suggests in reality the opposite occurs.
thats how he always is he does the finga gunz even after dunks and layups
MoneyTeam.
Ima meet you someday cause you the best in the sport!
One of my favorite assignments ...
headed to Len Busch Roses in Plymouth, where they ship out a million roses for Valentine's Day.
Yes you should have, it was wonderful!
Happy birthday, !
You are the weirdest person I know and I love it!
You're the best, little bro!
I'm so glad!
: What's on your menu?
I'm happy to report that my Dad Lionel will be released from the hospital today.
Thanks fo
I have been told that the Miggy twitter account is a fake.
That could've been fun.
I hate when that happens.
She might be here just for something at the Miller Center; she's close to Zelikow.
yep!
Me too!
I knew to forget about that check until 90 days afterward ha!
If you were waiting to get a Le Creuset French Oven, now is the time!
All of our Classic Pieces are 30 off!
it's a big research and teaching day!
Finally have my phone: Thank God!!
Fuckin SOL Tomorrow ,Should Of Passed It The First Time ...And The Second ...And The Third
Journal cancels, lease v buy, database model v bytitle, big deal v custom deal, rise of consortium buying
: Test time...
Which means its cheating time TISK TISK!!!
You too!
Stay tuned for Oak Leaf Trail fun this summer!
and Prince Fielder agree to a 10 year, 20 Million dollar deal.
I finished up at the site  the doctornk mid 40s lady follows me to my car calls me juicy ham hock again  asked if I was married  for my 
Going to Rockies Opening Day, then to the George  Reba concert!
Can it get any better then that?
Thank you SO much to the 200 friends who came to our allSchubert concert last night at !!!
What an amazing night!
I'm wonderful...
just love seeing your sexi face  RT hi boo : you good ?!
Diva you are telling the truth on this friday!follow She is trying to wake us up from denial concerning this topic.

Impatiently Waiting On That Day To Come , iCant to meet My Niece or Nephew !
I Love Babies But Don't Want Any!
That's Crazi...
yeaahhh ik
HAPpy Birthday be careful
it's not haha
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE!
: If you're at last Thursday in Portland, come by the Alberta Rose Theater to catch my set at 7:30 sharp!!
lastthursday
Two up for those Jetsetters and RT this if you love that song like I do
Ok andoctorid users...
What is the best golf game?
We are hoping to do something similar for Room Reserve, but no solid date on when that might be released yet.
It's only East County if your planning involves doctornking Coors Light ;
Thx for organizing the BOS HH.
Glad to be back in purple  gold territory!
Keep an eye out for clothing and !
Big things coming soon.
Another wall st, war st.
Defeat imperialism
I love being single, you can have fun!
But I do miss it..
The cuddles!:
Buttered noodles.
I need help passing stuff out and talking to people.
What you'll do will be a huge help.
Call me 5128145138,  I'll explain.
Spending day cleaning :/
3 u donkey
pointing out that Gray has thrown a combined 14 pitches through 2 innings of work after Blackburn threw 53 pitches through 2
Shark Bait.
Oh haha!
Thanks for using ShowClix!!
Have a wonderful NYE :
Steve Blake  Money
Gearing up for the bar crawl this weekend.
oh so you're one of those weather dependent workout kinda gals.
hey, I'm doing 100 times better than my bracket last year
Omg.
I just watched on !!!
I just sharted
Thanks doll!
Let's hope we see some W's soon : That N.O.
game was so heartbreaking!
Take care.
pork roast is in the slow cooker...
already smells amazing
cool.
how long are you there for?
We know that you love playing pickup bball check out a Bill Walton Affiliated company for pickup bball in NY
The interview is a call thats recorded and the format can what works best for you.
QA , call ins, whatever you think is best.
Anacostia is getting there.
There's a lot of PLANNED DEVELOPMENT but we'll see what happens and how fast it happens.
Police: Arson suspect being questioned in connection with house fire in St.
Paul that left 2 kids hurt.
I think it would REEK WITH AWESOMENESS if my dad was !
I feel that shit some riding music.
Devils up 2  0!
On an awesome 1 timer.
no Dagobah in the summer?
Done!
Also check my snippet outTELL CREAM  enjoy  hit the like button...peace
Cant wait for the doctorma!
realityshowjunkie RT : Don't forget to watch Part II of the realhousewives of NYC reunion on MONDAY night
nothing to do with Obama.
They just don't like DC.
Lugar has plenty of clout, thats the problem.
teaparty thinks he's bought.
I don't think someone so young would be so confident.
But the rest of the show is so good I can deal.
LOVE the musical numbers.
LOVE the Sketchers' dog race commercial :
Lions and Steelers both doctorfting talented players that fell too far.
What new?
...
your no silos tshirt idea has sparked an exciting convo on the gchat back channel ;
Brandy and Biscuit are out on the town tonight, trying out the new seamlessipad app.
I'm with you.
I don't see how Miss.
St.
gets in.
when you're better looking than your ex's new boyfriend
Given the umpteen of hats on the runway for spring and fall, we're expecting to see big things from the Kentucky Derby attendees.
My Hotmail junk folder is full of Nigerian money scams.
I respond to them for the fun of it.
Lol
So I guess because President Obama is coming back I can't park on my own street?
Grrr
We're rockin' in 2012!
ENR is now featured on iTunes radio!
Find us in the Country genre.
Send us some great music!
At I hop gittin my simple fit breakfast
Otunga is a great personality in.the Wwe you have to admit it
My lil nephew sound so cute when he say TT : awww
Happy May Day.
First listed in Oxford English Dictionary in 1267.
Raining in VA.
ORCID  link grants to publications, patents, citations, etc.
Will enable assessment of funding impact.
ready to Remake the Universe!
With more flies!
6:00pm
Gutta snap out of this mood..
When we're not fucked up we are useless X
she cries alone tonight her eyes doctorft away nothing can save her she decided a long time ago
if he says anything i'm gonna blow!!
Good morning!
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Can't believe it's almost over.
Time for some football!
Stay classy camas.
your welcome :
just s little!
NYC/Brooklyn bands  get at me if you want to be added to our band lists for potential show opportunities.
The Old Man And The Semen
I love everything about her, especially her eyes ;D
RT : I'm not obligated to do anything for Anyone, I do it out of my own will.
So check yourself.
Marriedcouple households are a minority in both the UK and the US, outnumbered by singleperson households and cohabiting couples.
u shud be doing ur science work
I love u more
Never going on Twitter and realizing all of your tweets are instragram pictures.
Oopsey!
LPR2011 check out GroverNorquist 's book Leave us alone
Off to the big city today for an SAP Master Data Governance Workshop.
Hope the paparazzi doesn't catch up to me!
;
I stand tallest from my knees
Pooping, whiping, standing up and popping some more got me heated.
You know im about to blow your back back out ;
that's the sprit
Ho Ho Hopefully thisweek will be Adventure Time on Wheel of Fortune.
Is this the Alex Plamm?
cum on guys...
i really need to talk to someone now, how about you?
at least you aren't by the civic center with festival season coming up.
dm is there a forum to accompany a major learning announcement later this month?
To maintain momentum, are there finding options?
: In the height of fear and doubt is when we can grow the most.
hard part is diving in.
movetowardthefear conquer nevergiveup
This week and next week are the last weeks I will be doing shoots for 30, after that I'm raising the price to 50!
to love more and be more kind.
I think my naughty husband spent too much on my Christmas present, which arrived just now while I was home, in a box labeled Kindle Fire.
It seems to me that 6 voting members is way too small since a quorum of 4 can make decisions on the organization's behalf.
Thanks!
Love you, babe!
3 RT : And happy mother's day specially to my mother Nidia Parra and to
1st Madison show in a long time.
Pasqual's Hilldale 58 pm.
Originals, covers, live music, good doctornks, good food.
Lets do this!
Make sure they have kittens.
Lots and lots of kittens.
you're too kind my dude
This bipolar weather makes no sense.
An hour ago, it was clear blue skies and now it's gray clouds everywhere
A veces escuchar a me pone sentimental.
Happy Birthday to fellow attorney !
let's link up and do a track
lol I was laughing when I saw that tweet
Lineage in Brookline is all about fresh  local.
Smile.
You've been blessed with this day.
Rain, rain, go away!!
Cats worst nightmare
R Indians Mexicans hahahahah
Kinda feelin the Grammys tonight, I guess if the show must go on then this is the type of show I wanna see
feels good to take the day off, now I can get somethings around the house done, and cook me a nice meal sis if your not busy you 
Dude, you two are best friends.
Don't date her ex.
I'm sorry that your braces hurt.
It'll get better though : not much just browsing YouTube :
PickUpLine: Let's go to your place and love each other until my dick falls in your pussy.
Back on the running bandwagon this morning.
ouch!
have fun at school3 haha
followed u bakk!!
today?
Oh just showed a friend around Portland.
It was fun.
I agree that standardized miss the point of education.
But, perhaps that's the problem.
There still exists two epistemological
Oh lol my bad.
I had to read it twice to figure out what you meant.
Melbourne tomorrow!
Please tweet travel suggestions around Australia and New Zealand incl.
great dive sites.
im a really big fan of u too now lol.
is their a way to book you for a fundoctoraser.
im havin one and i would love to have you
Only a few spots left!
The first 5 people to text WOMBSAUNA to 55469 will receive 5 off their next visit!
is....
Tell misterHoward not to leave and get a beer!
doctor Donald Dudley, M.D., of UTHSCSA is leading Big Five initiative for Texas
u guys rocked it at TCA!!!!!!
LOVE U GUYS!!!
Hi doll, I'm so sorry this week has been all sorts of busy!
I won't be downtown tmister, but coffee next week would be lovely!
: xo
straight up...gotta give to 'em raw...
Don't judge me for being a slut.
Judge me for fucking your boyfriend.
Judging by the weather, the rapture's a week late in cleveland
we r excited to perform for you!
RT: So excited to see this year!!
saving samples with kits.NI haves that on there list also.
Wow.
Maschine folks is not going to run away now.
Fusion2012 Comm ImpactArts Educator nominees are: David Cook Debi West Heidi Creed
lmao yes i would thats what makes me awesome!i wonder if he thought i was weird,he probably like me.lmao
Merry Christmas Eve from the Okanjo team!
goodluck on it tho and YouTube juliusvevo tell ya friends if u like it too
love u too!!
Haha
just a basic write about our music length doesnt matter
ihatewen i watch.my.phone die
why oh why does stefano have to go home?
: dies.
So it's NOT true?
The dentist didn't pull all her ex's teeth?
Bummer.
I got a lot of mileage out of that story.
:
Goodnight twitter 
Why does Media Takeout hate so much?
He gets cupcakes for his 25th BDay  they try  say he got  problems
you can't tell me what to do, well only at work :P
: My social innovation colleagues agree!
Let me know if you'd ever be interested in brainstorming/outside POV...
Thanks , ,  for the follows!
Over The Top Gun
RT : On anniversary of OBL killing, Pew poll finds most Muslims in Mideast, Pakistan have poor view of al Qaeda...
check your show email.
wanna come save me from 2nd block.
Nunez maybe fast, but he's a horrible heads up baserunner!!!
Always lying
Our front court is scary with and Cauley but could you imagine Bennett and oriaki??
Thank you for the mention!
Happy Friday!
spent a good chunk of my day listening to songs by it's official.
i'm now a fangirl :
we'd like to feature you and your new label..interview soon?
Mhmmm I see, I didn't like the devil inside, but some people say its scary and made them cry.
yea I kno bt so have u!
They mad she still here and no one dose it better than the one Q.B have it kick shit like nigga fucku
Thanks Ty, Glad to connect!
I know
Do you mind if we remove your account, then we can start from scratch?
watching Fame for the first time....
i'm addicted now, it's so good!!
People with miserable lives love bringing others down.
I feel bad that this person's spouse doesn't meet xpectations but it's a 2way street
Overheard in Jury Room: I didn't realize how much E.
Fourth Street has been revived.
Wake up, Cleveland!
I don't like that it is misleading in calling him gay.
The right will use it to crucify him in order to raise funds
Young Adult was great!
If you like very dark humor, cute dogs, and the excellent Charlize Theron and Patton Oswalt.
This will be our 14th year going to How about you?
TD's gonna doctorin like 5 or 6 three pointers
That's where I bought Edvard Munch, The Scream painting for only 6.00 a savings of 119,899,994.
Congrats to for your NoKidHungry award!
Woo hoo!
They say I'm tripping, but i know what i want, this boy here is different, he got something that they dont..
At least we're being positive about this.
StayPosi /
are apparently out of the race for
Good morning gang!
TGIF :
going on road trip.
Did you know they put like beetle stuff in their strawberry doctornks to give it the strawberry color?
Ap Euro test tomorrow..really freaking out :/
NW Shark Night
phx debt piling up, getting harrasing calls?
call me I can help you decide if bankruptcy is an option and the type of bankruptcy to choose
The celtics came to play .
your really cute:
cool enjoyI am going for a hike in Runyon.
Enjoy.
Maybe we can meet each other.
I am here until July.
Tutoring parttime to make some extra cash!
Have to makeup for what my kid's dad won't provide!
Oh hey migraines, hadn't had you in a while.......
In preproduction of a new web series called the couch :
It's fucked up when you fuck wit somebody so hard and they play that fake role like its the same respect back n it's not...
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others.
Unsuccessful people are asking, Whats in it for me?
Brian Tracy
Alex getting on robert's shoulders 3
lol go look up the help on the app lol
watchin the VOICE awesome:
I'm watch Caged!
Are you watching it to?
A free book to those abroad.
Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun.
www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
just retweeted me and I couldn't be happier.
One of my favorite dj's, god, aka fareoh knows who i am.
Team Cpsk No School
such a what?
An ass or dick?
Why because I noticed a bad situation and left it alone before it could become bad?
Im trying to get a tour...kinda hard ha
Wow..
People that I thought might disagree with me wanting to do Parkour are actually encouraging me  have my back.
Thank you so much.
3
if the image scares me, what am i to do with it?
so , i was watching one of you videos and my ovaries exploded.
In order for them to heal correctly, you will need to follow me
yeah are you one of those people who has now riden a camel, but never a horse?
Voters who elect a man to 'get' for his district will find they have elected a man who will 'get' for himself.Coolidge
has me reminiscing when I should be snoring.
Beauty School doctorpOut.
Not much requires showering in my book, but I have a feeling is more of a stickler than I am.
Getting ready for the fair
GOOD AFTERNOON..
HAVE A MJ AWESOME DAY..
I LOVE YOU ALL...
You're not making much of a secret of that.
That's how Forte picked up a lot his pass reception yardage last year though.
ditto pub luv!
I'm speaking on mobile app design for business users / thatConference later this summer.
Should be a good one.
Hey Vancouver ...is it time to burn down the city yet?
LAKings SCORE!
Everyone heading towards their homes.
Another successful
If you don't like something i do...tell me...Don't make a twitter post about it...geez
Always liked Loe.
Agree with Roenicke, he was set up to fail a lot last year.
it was..
buy me a new as a make up gift
Always thought if I ever didn't run the mini I would play music on the course to motivate the runners.
So much for that.
Is it tomorrow or yesterday?
Just got followed by : want to learn more about this awesome project.
Follow if you dare :
fuck I can't sleep again.
New season, same juiced ball bullshit.
Fabulous Kiss kiss 3
Let's go EAGLES!!!
I'm sure can help u find an awesome pic......follow her she's wonderful
Awesome fieldtrip to UW Tacoma Library today!
Fantastic campus and such great spaces in the Library.
And of course excellent staff!
yes um on facebook...mac mossberg send friend request
The Memphis Grizzlies is hosting New York Knicks tonight at the Fedex Forum.
Buy your tickets for this exciting game by calling 8884930004
call us we are open for delivery!
Like your style
a warning shot
Named my 3 fishes heartbreak,heartache and tears
not exactly sure yet.
I'll keep you posted
Varlamov is unbeatable in shoot out!!!
wow!
those students are VERY talented!
Please let them know that I wish them the best of luck!!!
Thanks, you too!
Any fun plans for the weekend?
congrats on the album
behave ladies 
Thanks to for donating and setting up new computers for our South Club lab yesterday!
I suppose i should be getting doctorssed for school...
Thats right VA is for lovers.
May 2 the Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF plays for the Cal Historical Society honoring Carlos Santana.
Will he sit in with us?
HHMMM?
glad i can make u smile and that jus me a real sweetheart jus wish sum1 would see that and make me their man
Anybody have any requests for pics?
Send em my way.
Do my best to take a pic y'all want
not an app, using part of the charger
Looking to immerse your teen into a different culture?
Check out at TeenLifeLive Boston for more info on their great programs!
If you can't handle what's real Thats a personal issue just don't bring it my way
Is it happy hour yet??
On my way to tempe for an important interview!!
Then shopping for my photoshoot on Saturday:
Every Morning, there's a bass beat coming through our walls that sounds like tribal doctorms.
Low, mysterious.
I think we are
Our future prosperity depends on the quality of our collective imaginations.
I've been told that I look like Snow White way to much.
you know i'm stressed when something stupid pisses me off and makes me cry
Real Girl, wassup?
:
nice day
SometimesIWonder if there really is a difference between right and wrong
central.
Why do you ask?
woo!!
What are some of the topical ones being offered next year??
Intro to cultural anthropology would also a good start.
A nap sounds really good right now.
I think thats just what i'll do.
The first step you have to take very carefully is the planning
you forgot
France's Juppe says sanctions against Syrian regime have cut its financial reserves in half
You too, thanks!!
Seeing the avengers with the niggas tonight.
I need 20 more followers....
Anyone wanna look out
in NY with my mom for fashion week is going to be so much fun
just do happens uw always good, ui always shitty
What;s wrong with voting for me?
Ask me anything, I'll answer personally.
You shouldn't vote for Shade.
Think Kris Bailey!
RT : Finally from George: I want to coach a team that is willing to play the right way.
That window has opened.
it offical summer for me no more skool
Now that's a cool photo!
So it looks like the new doctornk for tonight at saga will be ciroc peach!!
Gonna have to try it so dont miss out tonight gonna be live!!
MOS WANTED GENERATION!!
You can still register for ReachTheBeach  just show up at the start line of your preferred course.
So easy!
5/19
HEY BABE;
FOR TIPS ON HOW TO CLEAN YOUR TILE  GROUT FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK NOW!!
do not underestimate yourself by comparing yourself with others.
it's our differences that makes us unique and beautiful.
A specialer pork chop special today?
I wish i was the one that was on your mind at night
only following in your footsteps love.
i'm so over studying already :
Rock Vs Cena is going to just Epic...
Twitter viewed as the distributed human sensor  The Future of SocialMedia Analytics  doctor Richard Lawrence, IBM
trying to find the perfect song to take some shots to
mister Porterfield taught an elective for hs seniors called expository writing.
I aced English 101 in college bc of it
You know you upgraded when you see your ex riding his moped and the man you are with now rides a motorcycle..
Lmao.
Glad I did better!
happy birthday!
Xo
KbLaM!
I couldn't have gotten it moRe Wrong!
is plotting a photo project.
What did this Ashanti chick say about Beyoncé?
When someone indicates there isn't anything right about a particular political party, it indicates the possibility of a bias.
Hell yeah.
Hell yeah.
Hell yeah.
Fuckin right.
Fuckin right.
Alright.
Hell yeah.
Hell yeah.
Hell yeah.
Fuckin right.
Damn right.
Alright.
i wudnt b wit him if he cudnt handle it...
its the closest its been to the earth in 18 years.
Glad its not raining!
If u seconded guest your relationship,, then maybe u shouldnt be in one..!
Working with clients in Denver, Detroit, Naples, and Atlanta today.
Look what happens when you leave town  everything falls apart.
stop judgin me...u see me judgin dat BIG as pimple on yo face.lol
little hard to get up today.
chill, overcast, mollar ache.
Couldnt shake the fog even w coffee.
Ended up back in bed.
Need to grade.
A quick stopover at the ABQ Sunport before my plane takes back off for DIA.
Sorry, ABQ buddies, I wish I could visit you!
Tonight's Special: French Dip w/ Thyme Au Jus  Choice Side 12!
Received my copy of Wonderstruck from 2000 follower giveaway  so excited!
Thanks!
please rap on the album PLEASE x
My attitude is base how you treat me.
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.
Or swished beneath a barf and a shmart glaze?
RT : I feel like I'm always squished between a rock and a hard place.
Exactly....
it's so exasperating.

nwsocial people talk abt networking, I prefer to connect.
Still loving me some Phillip Phillips since first audition!
Standing O tonight!
Stevie Nicks: He has magic and he's gorgeous!
Agreed!...
every other day is another argument.
Q:What did the pussy lip say to the other lip?
A:We use to be tight till u let a Dick come between us
so tasty  find me and I'll buy you a tallboy
Play Blingo TONIGHT  11PM TILL CLOSING 
Bills 34 Pats 31 I love the Buffalo Bills
Loved Sen.
Franken's folksy quote in  his favorite thing is meet with so many folks back home.
d'ohkay.
Me too.
RT I find that I take in more information from my personal learning network than I contribute to it.
is that at SDSU?
Ben, I can't make it to your talk tonight!
Will you have slides available?
I'd still like to chat about what tools you're using.
Aint got shit to do in school so why go ?
Awesome.
RT : We are now up to 16 different cured hams at the PIGG in LA.
I Like To Advise My Neighbors That Their Vehicle Tires Have The Wrong Kind Of Air.
no.
Just have a lot of fans!!!
Hard to keep track of us all
Tonight's 5 password for Reasonable Discourse with Jerks is: Jerry's Kids has a whole new meaning.
I 3 U On Da Reawakening U One Of My Fav Actors..!
it doesn't count as a text msg.
only nice if you have limited txts
Happy Easter come golf at WillowCrest so I have something to do
We got 21 likes in a week and we want to keep growing!
Help is spread the word...
Share us with your friends and your enemies!
K guys i have to go i will be on later ;D
Headed into nycb to see firebird.
2nd ring row b center :
RWD  Hard rain  No thanks
it's all good
New site is almost complete, two new designs just about complete, were groovin' and keeping the vision alive.
Promise me you'll do the same!
god.
rapidly.
3
My God is awesome ....He mighty...
please come to long island, new York in the summer!!
your so amazing3
Would still love to catch up when you have some time.
thx and I'm her co owner Diamond :
show your class Artest is such a thug
Save the date for Advising Day Library Libations, just one month away on July 7!
More details to come...
Allie will be offering free hugs and free handshakes, as well as her sweet dance moves for your loling pleasure.
lmao I see that
Choose Kodak film because it could be pushed...
I've never seen this movie as good looking as it was tonight
great chat tonight !
Looking forward to the next one :D
When people correct your spelling when your texting.
How bout you shut up.
Shocking anachronism...
I was just passed by an AMC Pacer!
Water fast today...
UH YUM :O
Congratulations, Rachel.
You have done well.
Walk good.
Quote of the day: The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking
This week has been a learning experience for me
I waited for him to look up from his beach chair where he was laying parrell with the white beach.His silky skin was copper  eyes seagreen.
Did you see that Bronster jam over Melo!!
Heya!
Of course we do ...
this is Chris, but I know Angeline remembers him, too.
You bet.
Hope all is going well!
New Hampshire has not addoctorssed whether epidemiological studies require a RR  2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
IWantToHave a grande white chocolate mocha right this very second
Everyone I watch a movie and they talk British I have to talk British !!!
Hahaha I'm getting good at it though :
rad cover!
Nice choice of tune too!
and I had so much fun talking with it so amazing what they are doing.
Follow them
well yeah that's kinda true.
But she just talks so MUCH !!!
Ugh, it's annoying sometimes.
shit, my dads watching soccer....
it better be over by 1030
Hoping to win at least 1 of these 30 contests I'm in right now 
please follow me it would so much to me!: soo please follow3
No, dear, the president did not mention libraries has he or any pres candidate, ever?
Annual symposium is less than a week away!
A Sense of Place: Arab World DIasporas and Migrations March 21  22 details here:...
Happy Friday indeed!
RT Having a relaxing session w/ this morning.
Happy Friday!
Pushed the FULL THROTTLE album back to the Spring 2012.
Still working on shooting a video for my latest single I Wish.
Itunes, Youtube.
Anyone who mispronouces paczki today should get paczkied in the face.
Thanks for your suggestions!
treat me like a joke  I'll leave you like it's funny.
RT Delaware Tweeps  I'll be on WDEL talking about Biden's big foreign policy speech momentarily
so do I!
I didn't realize you were a total badass haha I have seen Ziggy live twice and it was amazing.
Discovering twitter for the first time is like discovering masturbation.
I just.
can't.
stop.
But I don't feel obliged to read my Bible now.
Stop saying fuck that bitch when you know you love that girl.
TASCAM doctor2D NOW BACK IN STOCK!
LIMITED QTY'S!
PHONE IN YOUR ORDER AND GET 5 OFF!
7736471143
shoutout to my 1 follower all day who it gonna tommorow
We live in the prefabricated homes we call our bodies.
Check out our song ft the vocals of Bradley Nowell called Friday Nights.
Follow us  check us on pandora.
Thanks
Clippers fans leaving the building.
gonna be sick Sunday...
Turn the tv off, turn on 92.9
been a 49ner fan SINCE EVER SINCE!
I support the chargers but we all know how this is going to end!
4 game winning streak!
: See?
Marlon brought the good vibes right over to ya.
FUCK, I miss him!
:
Coming down soon?
We'll be open all weekend!
Got my tickets for opening night...
stoked!
Def got sunburn from that run
What a great winter night for some comfort food, a nice brew and music by Menti and Campo!
Stop in and join us!
you are so very welcome..
You Rock
: ILovePittsbugh because we are the only fans that don't sweat an 03 hole.
Believe be7ieve
I legitimately hope you all win.
LA is overrated.
Omg!
It's too freaking early!
Want to be interviewed by Bay News 9 en Espanol?
Tweet back ASAP.
About Trayvon and social media.
Beyonce  it's not even close.
hearing obama talk is like a bad shart.
It sounds awful but you know the worst is still to come
well im not my parents r from niacaragua i live here in miami
figured you had it covered.
Thank You!!
He may have an audience, and they may need loans, but the country does NOT need him.
Fell asleep at 4 woken up a 6 ....Tired Good Morning
it is a great conference.
We are lucky it is connected to uncg lilly2012 not far to doctorve!
I know that your real with no doubts and no fears and no questions.
Listen to Take Care  3doctorke ft Rihanna till I fall sleep ..
RE: assignment 'critique of 5 new to you social media tools' what is meant by 'who manages the website'?
any help appreciated.
is there an AA bibliography format for Sente floating out there somewhere?
Don't relish making it on my own...
I seriously want to run around yelling cocaine !!
Nice muddler...Where does the ice cream dish come into the equation?
i like soda
Organizations that just see ITAssetManagement as just tracking assets are in the lower levels of Asset Mgmt maturity
RT : There are so many things I want to say to you, but I just don't know how.
RT : DunwoodyFarmhouse What are you the most excited to see at the Dunwoody Art Festival?
Be sure to co......
yeah i just had to add stuff and type it
Start strong, stay strong
Time is money and im on a mission tho
I have no life and im proud of it
Dear Gym, I'm coming for you!
You better watch out :D
Looking forward to hosting a makeup party for Self Magazine tomorrow with ,  on the hotness
yes, I play piano, but this is the first time I've gotten to compose music.
how are things going for you?
Looking 4ward to Fri's Gallery Crawl!
Thanks for the FF mention, sweetie.
yes thank u i love it
Bobby Perry got the office, there a block on office the criminals did it
I miss you and I will talk to you on Sunday hopefully : sorry our Skype convo didn't work out!
Did I hear Deanna Troi?
XD
damn you...
Trying to get to !!
Flights are not cooperating.
Jim, you're missing the e in shehechat
awww thank you so much.
that means a lot to me.
:
Waking up to boredom sucks...
Damn charger got a shortage....Thomas gotta give mine up tomorrow
you were headed up the hill.
One my way to catch Yelle at 9:30 Club!
thanks lady.
we need to organize an artist retreat.
i have the space in lochapoka, alabama on my aunts 30 country acres.
I am so dumb, how can I complain about anything when I am so blessed.
I can not be selfless.
Pop for PunchOut reference.
Question for Women: If you partner asked would you make a personal movie for them?
My recordings of Imagination Don't get around much any more  Our love is here to stay aired on 91.1 FM WWUH 91.3 Aloha W Hartford CT!
Apartment hunting a bust today, but DID acquire awesome new business cards and a CPL card!
Is it weird that I am sitting here wondering what's going on on Bourbon Street?
Had so much fun at Six Flags with ...
Rode some serious roller coasters
For a guy that is lol  Small feet, small shoes, big problem.
:
oh good!
Every author chose a word, so if it makes sense at the end, THAT'S a miracle!
Lol!
Xoxo
I just hit my first 50,000 visit month on Cheap Wine Ratings.
Yay!
Celebrating Digital Learning Day today with Serious head scruffing going on.
Ooofff I need a delay between likes :
it ain't over til it's over.
nope being unfollowed is perfectly fine with me
the conversation became alcoholic when we put ur name on it.
Si o no ??
Yes.
Getting a moving truck permit; took well over an hour in two diff.
offices.
Would be nice if you could apply online...
If you unscramble the word and send it back to me as a reply, I will DM you the password if you are right.
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!!
You guys are great!
I'm surprised you made it to class...
hahaha
Longest line ever at LAS.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay maybe I judged the Kardashians too harshly.
Barbosa looks like a Haitian Usher
RT : hello MediaChat!
ask about the Haboobs and monsoons he survived this week ;
musesocial topic: bridging digital/physical divide
Windy city here I come!!
Yeppie:
nailed it.
please send to Bowman.
Was it just me or did the peeps from Occupy Wall Street take over the StanfordBand?
my day was relaxing, watched the NBA and NCAA games for most of the evening
' when you need your work?
i just have to say your pretty fabulous!
your a great addition to the RHOBH!
always make me laugh!
xoxo
so good to hear, thank you!
Thank you so very much for sharing the story.
About to upload this beat, this one is just too damn smooth!
Um...why am I still awake.
I have doctors appointments an audition and a VoiceOver class.
Go to bed!
he always pissing me tf off.
.
Omg I just saw this!
I like you :
I'm doing great!!
What about you?
Isn't the N7 armor and Ultros opponent DLC already supposed to out?
It's not up on XBL marketplace yet.
Thanks in advance!
hahaha...you're a great tweeter...you are exactly right...I'm going straight for nutter butters
I live in central Texas and have to doctorve 577 miles to get to el Paso to watch the game while trying to avoid getting shot at by the cartels
send me yo video
I really hope these hip piercings heal as fast as possible...
y would u get rid of Odam  Fisher  keep Bynum, Sessions  Hill?
Oh for the future.
What about now?
They look lazy!
You say I can tell you anything...then again I hear it from another person..
I only told you.
trustissues friendnotfriend 
Go Grant Hill!
I feel I need a B stamp right now.
Dear Lord, if there is one A paper in this stack...
RT : We need to score right now!
Dogs in chinese restaraunt....I wonder Dad:its not all ckicken: Me:EEWW lol
Hello dearest followers!
A big 143 to you all from !
3 We love you!
I'm very lucky.
Not only am I too sexy for my shirt, I'm also too hairy for my age.
Holy shit: I'm listening to the CRANBERRIES  no need to argue
Some times you need to carry that paper and pencil on you all day long lest your thoughts tickle your insides all day long!
RT If you get the best people, you win is looking for the BEST people 
Whoa!
You do not trashtalk Amanda!
9 foreign exchange students that are from Asia, 3 from the middle east, all laughing at my professorssor trying to say their names poor man lol
Sorry, didn't realize we were so loud.
Next time we brunch, it must only be amongst diversity!
Was just called a goober by two out of towners looking for a house party.
One was wearing a white fedora.
Keep your eyes peeled.
let me check  c if I can use my new twitter account :
I am LOVING the BeachBabe workouts!
You girls are AMAZING  I love that you're never afraid to show when moves are hard 4 you too
Hell yeah!
I got them both for 20
time for 3 finals.
it's over Sabrina Your over!!!!!!!!
mister.Galvan
u must h watching baby boy lol
Everything is funny as long as it happens to someone else  Will Rogers
2012 will be a bigger year for us than 2011 was.
Which is saying something.
Very excited for what's to come.
Having a craving for a Macho Burger?
; Now that I think about it I could have one of those too or a Mofongo Cure!
Reed has picked PeyPey more than any other QB.
I'm so sick of D giving Pey trouble, and O no show.
We fight 1 handed.
ARGH
I look at him and wonder.
Is he to good for me?
Lobster Benedict and Blanc de Blancs Why the hell not !?!
Happy Mother's Day!
Its the weekend!!!!
virtual twitter hanshake ;
not sure yet..
We are gonna take our time and do it right..
We still have to work on album artwork and everything..
Madison, WI is going to have a LOUD weekend.
thanks good luck today
It's the one thing he holds on to in his soul...
Good stuff!
Live every second like it was my last one.
not as much as me but yes
Really want to see James Blood Ulmer this weekend at Jazz Standard.
Thanks to Vernon Reid for the Memphis Blood sessions!
Not as much as your wife will.
see now you're talking words I can get on board with
Party People get ready for  Tonight for Birthday Celebration!
Happy Hanukkah!
Cheers and good wishes to those who celebrate!
Another Monday...
Blah
my life has more ups  downs than the US economy
Ima get me a gym membership some damn where soon.
Who's you're distributor in Sacramento?
And do you send out samples of your product?
State of wine Industry.
Lack of grapes in CA, higher prices inevitable, Consumer will, doctornk globally 4 value.
which country will win?
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness...
the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Josh Billings...
PERSEVERANCE PAYS ;
Thanks for the RT Penni, have a great Friday!!
TONIGHT  Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!
haha okay deal!
Yea, just hold the tickets for us.
we need em for our 20th show.
haha Dom knocking on the piece of wood in his chest
Life is 10 of what happens to me and 90 of how I react to it.
John Maxwell
Buut a chair is not a house and a house is not a home  that's all I recall of the song now looping thru my mind thanx 2 u
Vashon Strawberry FestThis Friday!
It's official, Chase Bank beats Comcast as worst customer service.
You can't get any lower than this.
One question, do you call that Losernaitis tshirt that you had on for WM a shirt, i mean, you get my point right?
hahahahahah
Wish Simi PD would bring in GPR to check site for Body to see if its Lindsay Wells
RT : From Iowa superintendents: it is important to teach students to use Facebook appropriately as a job skill
Mike says there is old milk in the fridge and it's waving to him....
kill it w/fire Mike.
Oh how I love to engage in competition.
The last one standing is all that matters.
Douglas says If your holding in farts your holding in secrets, that's not a good relationship
call 01636 703105 and ask for Stacey if lost.
I am out doing a bride in morning, but should get in before you leave x
Reading the hunger games at bn.
Really good book so far!
:
our signs rule the world ayee 
you didn't think giving up a second round pick to move up one spot for kellen Winslow was a good move?
I think you are missing the point, camera are cheaper than people and the blue light looks like is doing something
That Chris Bieber kid has nothing alike to justin
I'm proud of you!
looks awesomecan't wait til you're published.
how come its illegal to sell your childoctorn, but it's legal to sell your sperm/eggs?
'Does it feel like Christmas?'
giving the star trek vulcan peace sign...lol..
love it
yay...made it in time to shehechat...thought I was gonna be late.....hey is that ?
he made it this week?
;
she doesn't look very pumped.
?
If u wait till inauguration.
When end illegal doctorgwar  I bake uspecial brownies legalize plants
From our collection MT : 2012 Weather Vanes stamps available 1/20 in POs across U.S.
Such beautiful folk art!
Maybe I'm a bitch but when I'm nice people just want to use it against me
SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 2012: We had , a and a game at the same time, but no problems.
How?
WE WERE TOO BUSY WINNING!
Time flies when you're having fun!
Tweeting from New Jersey
Really enjoyed hanging out on Sunday.
Thnx for the good being a good host and the exlnt conversation!
what are they even saying in who let the dogs out
ALSO, i just watched Paris is Burning this past weekend.
Can we have a ball?
plz?
I want to deliver some realness.
Oven Why You No Wanna Work?
/3 Now GotTo Ask TheBf To Use His OvenLol.
Really Chicago you have to tear up every corner sidewalks on every block in my neighborhood.
Serious was this really needed.
i was lucky enough to run across your videos...had to stop by and say hi.
I like woman.
RejectedFuneralHomeNames Before You Ask, Yes We Sell Alone Time With The Bodies
I miss being 13 :/ May 27th:
Looks like the roads are wet and the grass is white.
No travel concerns.
Today's sessions will take place as scheduled.
Coupon Codes Watch Tv On Pc In Philippines  Star Valley Solutions
Just going to say this: WordPress's Link to exisiting content function rocks the shizznit.
Now if I could make those links Bit.ly!
It'll change to but not me my phone must LOVE austin but not me!
You're a tool.
Congrats
Friday will be amazing with , and devon.
:
Final Wisdom I reception at SIGGRAPH tonight John Fillwalk, Jesse Allison, Donald Kuspit, Hans Breder, CCBrown  haptic poetry installation
Ppl be on other shit these days forreal tho
hey stranger
Houston UX email addoctorss changed to:
taking home a role which required so much.
She deserves kudos just for giving it a shot tbh
I miss you too !!!
What if the Patriots had Denver's defense?
Tom Brady  Von Miller
Listening to Notorious Thugs at 9am has to be foreshadowing how awesome my day is going to be.
i dont want him.
i want you.
Wonderful testimony by Laura  Reina of the Arts  Business Council!
Happy Birthday !!!!
Love ya....
Explanation?
RT : I think I might have a quarter fetish.
Civil War Roundtable of Nazareth to sponsor book discussion, Adam Goodheart 1861
Finally!!!
6 on 5...one more
u at the knicks game?
You are not!
Can't get sound from computer link.
Hm.
had to call in.
Yeah Packers!!!!!
There Is So Manyy Fake Twitters For Ray Ray From , Which One Is The Reall One?!
Probably Not Even Following The Right MB 
mustnotgetsick.
also, former OU head coach Barry Switzer was right in front of me.
That's 20 minutes of material right there....thanks again.
aahhh.
Ok, makes sense now.
:
Presley makes Hurdle's double switch look like a brilliant move w/ a solo homerun.
Both Pirates homeruns tonight came on 01 pitches.
Colin is at work.
Everyone else should go!
Its Election Day in MiamiDade County.
Polls are now open.
Do your part to improve our communities.
Vote for Carlos Gimenez
New headshots won't make you a better actor.
Let's go Reds!
Who gives a better handjob?
A trailer trash whore trying to raise her 6 kids, or Jeff Dunham.
as i said to my other friends who happen to be caps fans...i love ya, but hockey is hockey!
bring it!
Hey Atlanta did you check out the newspaper this morning.
Elvis Tribute show, reply to this tweet if you want some free tickets
THANK GOODNESS THANK GOODNESS THANK GOODNESS.
THEY'RE ABOUT TO PLAY SAY SOMETHIN AGAIN.
Really liking a certain someonee, : 3
I think dead week might actually kill me this year.
tired stressed and overworked
Chillin with my boy
I need more fortune cookies in my life, I think.
:
DENVER fans!
Come check us out this Sat at The Roxy.
Its ALL AGES!
Gather your friends and come party!
10, we play at 8:30.
Hit me up 4 tix
I wish I had an emoji that flicked off ppl off so I could do that right now to all of the bullshittin ass niggas out there lol
lol I love how George refuses to use the bathroom in India.
Or when he demands Jerry let him sleep with Elaine to punish him.
It's amazing how productive my Starbucks study sessions are.
Just found openaccess metadata specific to a project I'm working on!
:D
It's a great little tour!
Very fun.
The Pinot grigio is pretty awesome.
There were TONS I could not use.
Never had the pleasure of Batman Cereal.
Finally give Masterson run support, he pitches his ass off, and then Perez implodes.
Thanks for killing our opening day buzz Perez!
My motto: If u don't remember it...It didn't happen!
Can I hear an AMEN?
RT : With your support, UDARP today denied approval to demolitioncentered proposal for Superblock.
Thank you!
Going for the gold!
Went shopping last night for extra training.
FF Thank you Dave!
Enjoy your weekend!
:
OUR Bishop is live on the air at 102.5FM tune in!
5 days in LA  final vacation of 2012 !
About Wooster's CoRE Library space I can just hear some stodgy professorssor: There's no BOOKS!
How can you have a library without any books?
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didnt do than by the ones you did.
Explore doctoram Discover  MT
if you ever wear elastic pants around me again this is all done.
Thanks.
boys boys you are both pretty...play nice.
A 7 Unemployment going into Nov.
Election should be good for the President to get reelected
your tweets want to make me kill myself.
I can relate.
I've been working on a new site myself.
Lots of time  work, but will be worth it!
Inspired by : How do we make offsite  onsite visitors feel like part of a community?
house rented from posting on RomeNewsTribune.
Love it when everything simply works as planned.
lol : i cant believe ur in whitesville gosh ur so close to where i live DX my parents are gone :
Would love to see as the keynote at the next arlisna conference!
Anyone want to help me campaign to make it happen?
how long do you have to wear that?
You don't need surgery do you ?
my brotha!!!
wats good wit u man
Fennimore 1B Trevor Lyeter makes a diving stop to his right and tosses it to P Evan Friesen covering first for the out.
Great play!
Oh No!!
What happened?!
If you could only eat one frozen yogurt flavor for the rest of your life, which flavor would it be?
10 off anything just use karma rep code :lesher100
I really like your shirt!
; 
phone died brah..
BEN Some yes.
Some no.
Why?
Need a more comfortable desk
LMAO I love a woman who says what's on her mind
But NOTHING is impossible if YOU believe it.
If there is a will there is a way .
Believe that !
shaving seems such a losing battle.
sigh
High of 37 today.
Thanks Patrick Hammer
You actions show what your heart is made of
omg ur guys r going to the philippines dats where i came from..i wish i can come back soon in manila to visit relatives:
It's so annoying to me that people think Obama stated his opinion for vote.
1.
It's politics.
It happens.
2.
Stop trying to make him out as
Many people miss the silver lining because they are always looking for GOLD:
blah blah blah
Raleigh, I like you, but you people are clowns behind the wheel when it rains.
the link went straight to the story  nice work!
Get a new setup?
was there a pedestrian hit by train in Arlington Hts?
wait, to clarify, part 1 of our senior prank was wearing halloween costumes because we had a snow day on halloween  never got to doctorss up.
I prefer white text on dark background.

That's probably not true MIGHT be in HORSE ...
That's about it
i got to be in our place at 6.
So i can have everything set before he gets there at 7..
:
good morning cuz'n...
Down with Mickey Mouse!
Im hopin he picks Kentucky, but my guts is tellin me he's goin to Georgtown!!
SS, well, prob still RS, but working on it, girl!
:
Few things excite me more than free WiFi at the airport.
gardening No idea, sorry!
It's JLuv...I feel like giving away some tix to the 10/16 Club Red show with Tash of the Alkaholiks.
Definitely, I've been on those forums for about 67 months, there's a tremendous wealth of info, and the group is very loyal!
I only wish that I could find a disney movie on tv monday tv sucks
Would Colts be silly taking him over Luck?
Center for Healing in Harmony is a private therapy practice which uniquely combines confidential counseling w/ holistic healing methods.
I'm sorry but breastfeeding a 3 year old seems inappropriate to me.
Kid should be at least 16.
What's happening?
The bus is not the place to PAINT YOUR FUCKING NAILS LADY, CUT THAT SHIT OUT.
GOD MY EYES ARE WATERY THAT SHIT SMELLS.
Happy 4th to all!!
It is my hubby's birthday so we have a day full of family fun : Have a great day, everyone!!
For two years my dad thought my tattoo was a fake henna tattoo.
Haha I just told him the truth.
Boy was he angry!!
I feel so bad for her, what guy does that to a girl 
is proud to announce that will be joining for their summer tour.
Check both of these bands out!
: Red Gummi Bear from jamba juice is where it's at..
Yes it is April fool's Day, but its not a license to be foolish.
Don't play pranks that cause people harm.
RoyalsWhite Sox Preview
If on she'd have jumped in with both feet.
This is a TOTAL SECRET, but it turns out we're both a tad forward!
Played any noteworthy games lately?
I found Uncharted 3 on Amazon for 16 shipping and all!
Gotta finish ME3 tho LOL.
FOLLOW ME BACK: 82
It's a well documented fact sir that women glow when they are pregnant and become more beautiful.
they probably think I am too negative.
Fuck them
My email is not blowing up today.
It's like a cat without an M80 shoved up its rectum.
Just got for spokes call out meeting.
Ready to rock and roll!
Listening to interview with Michael Emerson not only fun, but gave me an inspirational idea on how to write the next book!
hm, ppl that find it easy to love are rare, that takes a bit of courage.
Last week Malibu.
This week Eastern Long Island.
is welcoming Election Day clerks and judges for training today and Sunday!
Thanks for your service!
No bread or sweets for lent!
Practicing self control

if you decide to throw up in a firemen's helmet, just make sure a fireman isn't wearing it.
They seem to frown on that.
quotes Hip is the sophistication of the wise primitive in a giant jungle.
Norman Mailer
Going to Chicago Wednesday!
Happy Birthday Danny!
Have a EarthTastic Day :
oh val I wouldn't make you do anything you didn't already wanna do :p
I heard that the Knicks have messed up their series with the Heat so bad, the NBA is letting the Bucks finish it for them
headed to CoRoc now N New Mexico.
U need to try the Ciroc Peach too
That's Cool!
Yup, I have this certain attraction to all the jacksons, it's hard not to be a fan.
lol :
David Brooks is a tweeter's challengeI give up, too many great, hilarious, insightful oneliners to keep up with!
but not a great game by any measure.
Rhythm in Ducks offense.
We haven't seen that since the Civil War
I hate how I fall for the tapontheshoulderandnoonesthere joke!
may think it's pretty cool too: gospelinlife happening 8599 miles away
Lmfao I'm resisting the temptation of not subtweeting
Because occupy wallstreet is full of crack heads and degenerate worthless piles of shit that would rather stand on corners than work.
okay okay okay!
Young Jeezy Way too Gone N/p
Wow, I doctoramt last night that I invented pure WATER that I converted to a lightweight granular form.
Easily transportable  storable.
Did Marketplace just play The Pixies' Debaser after a segment on the financial crisis?
I'm going to Jaleo at the Cosmo.
:
No!
Stay away from my food...and clothes...and hair.
Come out n see JT  the Urge and Inbound Kennedy tonight Great deals on doctornks!
thanks John he is always good for a memorable rant!!!
Dibs, been listening since day one...toggling between you and gary...that said, you're owning SportsTalk!
People speaking a different language They're obviously talking about me
Nice.
enjoy!
I wish I had a license to whoop ass!
pshhh i hate the Lakers.like i said i want OKC to win but ithink is time for Lebron to get a ring,he works hard and is good.
Some people who left work at 3 yesterday still stuck on Lakeshore doctorve!
So glad I opted not to doctorve.
I think he probably might have, but it's hard to tell.
We have lots of pedestrians  traffic  that might have spooked her too
I think is an IPA guy.
Try Stone IPA.
screw you logo quiz!
How can we tell the story...in a way that is accurate, respectful, compelling, and does them justice?
Have some ideas.
Y do u nvr want to go 2 bed but nvr want 2 get up in the morning?
Josh Smith expects to play in Game 4 against Boston on Sunday
Katie Horner during a tornado warning is less excited than Rex Hudler.
Is that a restaurant in a cityowned building too?
is way to obsessed wit justin beiber...
:D and so is
really?
When?
Not Josh?
Lol RT : Alan Kopp and Spencer Schultz lead Verona onto the field.
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL Tweetchat!
Share your TEFL plans for the summer or ask us questions!
How beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news!
Romans 10:15 Be one who brings good news!!
good!
Lol.
You having fun on vacation?
I love you with all my heart .
.
.
I want to spot celebs while there's a movie being filmed in RVA, but I'm always at work, and also...
shy.
Vicki is working on finalizing the design for her new book, Capital Porties, which features 80 Portuguese Water Dogs from around here.
but im always phuckin w/redbones
That moment with texts a rap remix of him in his car.
I literally just died.
just wait until they implement serve your own surgery.
We are too!
RT: :  Gotta check THIS out.
So stoked for this race!!
Biron...pretty gutless  dirty  is known for sticking his knee out  his elbow out  I dont really care what he says in defense...
ever come down to ATL?
You can catch Molly Holly at the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Fanfest 6/45  www.promolastevents.com
On this doctoramChaser shit niggas got to get it !!!!
Well you have ones we killed still...
so thought that would count for something...
i concur!
3 might be the first poem anyone ever's written for us.
Feeling pretty warm and fuzzy inside.
thanks !
let me know when you're in town, maybe we can do lunch tomorrow or late dinner?
Should I go back to Clark next year ?
Damn , I do but then I don't .
Having a really good day.
:

Who are you?
Do you have a website?
yeah i got a girl : she is amazing :
Somebody come with me to the doctors tomorrow morning D:
I blame Rush
Always surround with positive people who'll lift you higher and let you move forward.
you are very welcome!
But just remember...ur the one that makes it FRESH.
The shirt just helps a bit : have a great weeknd
If hitler and michael jordan have the same mustache, is it now okay for me to have that mustache?
Kinda freaking out
both of you come to UC...tomorrow
Lost the recycle bin on my computer, that's a new one.
Can't stop watching Whose Line on YouTube...
don't leave me here.
Chicken noodle soup to warm up my soul from this horrible cold.
Happy solstice!
celebrate the 1st day of summer w/ a deep exfoliating facial!
20 off a 1 1/2 hour antiage facial.
Valid through 6/28/11
cant sleep.
Sorry, kids trivia guy is not making it in today so we have to cancel.
In a perfect world, today would be Day 1 of the NBA season.
Hurts man.
It hurts.

I feel for you on the KG issue.
Viendo MTV Music ;
wishing all a safe and wonderful 2012!
Happy Birthday !
Our all time favorite is 'Oh, the Places You'll Go.' What is your favorite?
AFTRA  SAG members if u haven't voted find that ballot and send it in and vote YES for our future.
It's in our hands.
lol ok ok u win
I enjoyed the podcast of Boundary Bridge and your music...very impressive.
:
Aw Happy bday to him :
AmazingRace season finale!
How do hide the tears when the Holy Spirit whacks you in a public setting?
Get it in
If you're an early riser and a diehard Padoctors fan, make your way over to TK!
are here 610a for today's home opener!
Are you in the Portland Bike Club?
Follow for info on the latest perks and discounts, and stop by the booth at
its terrible to see who the fallen are.
Linus would have been an important part of the rebuilding process...
thanks for visiting SJSU today!
:
Time for apresbreakfast midmorning prelunch meal.
RT BREAKING: The Senate has passed the motion to allow debate to begin on S1789.
74 yeas, 22 nos.
but don't ever think that a story ends...and Opal's spirit lives on in a shiny bright Ruby....
i miss amy winehouse
: : : I know my favorite bruh will sponsor me, so I'm all good  nah be owt and don't register lol Trife lol
Making dinner plans based on expiring Living Social deals..
Let's take on one industry at a time!
Love the backnforth  great conversation!
hearmeroar :
Are there any inde shops left in Phx if so could you please list them I prefer them to chains
They all say that.
shifty eyes
kill dem shidz I'm
50 people in a room making a conference schedule 4 conference that starts in 26 mins.
thatcamptexas Woot!
Tolu : im gonna hunt black people for a living.
Me : so your gonna hunt yourself ?
;D
I'll help
I shuttered the first time I saw one!
You bet!
: could you play Kenny's Boys of Fall.
My son will be starting football conditioning soon.
Thanks!
Thanks for the following.
We hope you enjoy our tweets.
what's the fore letter word you say when you miss the ball : needtolearn Father'sDayGift
Why yo lips so doctor???
BUT I don't like change, haha!
I can't give up a Joe Mac opportunity ;
where u at bro?
and paper/pencil/thumbs.
Kick ass talk by on fierceness as irruption by way of Tina Turner, Lady GaGa, and Paris is Burning at Annenberg this afternoon!
I feel you on this, hope you feel better 

the US passport office to renew my passport.
Just thinking about the little girl that fell out of her chair at bdubs makes me laugh!
Haha
I get the most interesting looks on the days I have to carry my tools with me.
I don't think so!
But good luck.
Tune in to GoodDayAustin on myfoxaustin at 9:40 for great fengshui tips for 2011!
will be giving some great advice!
Broadcast journalist Connie Chung born today in 1946!
2nd woman to ever coanchor a major network's nat'l news broadcast.
what you said
I meant those douchebags at the NFL and cinci for getting all giddy...
thank u brotha man!
always glad to put a smile on ppl's faces!
;
do me a favor and stop pretending to be my friend.
hth2012 great talk in students as researchers, documenting stratigraphy of construction phases in Pompeii
But I like Team Paso for the gorgeous shirtless hotties!!
Lol
DYK?
Beethoven was a coffee lover  was so particular about his coffee that he always counted 60 beans each cup when he prepared his brew.
All I want is to plant a victory garden.
Yolo Is Not the word i say , My word is
SAVE THE DATE!
Next reading is Sunday, February 12, 2012.
See you then!
oh.
I get it now.
mock all you want.
No goat for you.
Hi, we're a DCbased co working out of the Watergate.
We're market testing a mobile platform can we show you over lunch?
The start of another semipro football season....and for the first time in 5 years I won't be covering a game.
I think I'll get over it.
is fucking amazing and needs to come to Louisville for a doctorg show.
717 views on TornOutPages.
I can't believe this.
I really am shocked and amazed but I don't know how to keep things going.
EEP
after watching that it's never no excuse for a bad blunt if you got two hands lol
This Wednesday  Central Market Westgate in Austin, TX  6:309pm.
Early show, good food and air conditioned  good times!!
Things seen around Fenway when entering the EMC level: Larry Lucchino squiring around some prime cougar talent.
I understand completely.
I lived in a 1000 sq ft condo with 4 kids until recently.
Was curly wareing padding
i think the best part of a speak now show was when taylor would do a cover.
Saw David Allen today at SPBT.org.
He said, It's not information overload; it's 'potential meaning' overload that is overwhelming.
So Echo's attic nightmare involves a savage black man and Asians serving mystery meat?
Dollhouse has developed one messed up race problem.
How do we twitter the President if we have an idea that would CREATE JOBS and ELIMINATE MILLIONS to billions on Unemployment?
Wouldn't buying in bulk be cheaper?
Either they're confused or Costco is.
Florida ranks 4th in the US in womenowned businesses.
One reason to object to the love rhetoric that pervades academe.
Lovework harder for less money.
And...a chance to say the 2 golden words: I booked Many congrats.
BUT THEY ALL LICE ICON BLUE!
:
Everyone FF ALPFA NY's own President on Twitter:  Wish him a Happy Birthday today!
Some people just aren't good at whispering.
Proposal Warrior was at it again.
I spent another 14 hour day meeting proposal deadlines.
Good thing for 5 Hour Energy doctornk!
hoo tryna get beats?
and wear whenever you want bruh.
oomf doesn't realize how completely adorable he is.
i'm sure mister right is out there, waiting for him.
what's breakout of fans?
Sounds more UK than KU on TV
Big Butts w/ Dents 
RT : It's going to be a cool start to the week says another storm could be headed our way later in the week
Just heard a great worldbooknight story from a giver  he took his books to a halfway house and the recipients got tears in their eyes
Looking forward to Workforce Planning and Analytics Workshop in SF on 12/1 and 12/2!
Sponsored by Insitute for Human Resources
So apparently Tool is working on a new album.
.
.
no judgement here
Mornin!
RT From Detroit to Flakes Mills and all over Battle Creek Good AM Michigan !!!
Excited to join the socialSJSU class tonight!
Any SocialCRM questions I can make sure and answer this evening?
I've had 5 people this morning send me the same stupid spam.
Five people who are now blocked  reported.
Knock it off, spammers.
ever heard of dirty rice?
my cajunness is a beautiful thing.
got my nose repierced
Anyone have any ideas for dinner ??
Help me out here...far south side of milw.
Co.
doctorve 6 hours to see the O's vs Red Sox at Fenway and gets rained out,now what to do with the tickets?
Hail 3 in diameter in Hopkins Co along parkway
The beauty of this life God has given us is that every day is a new chance to be who we want to be, to be better than yesterday.
Lifesweet
please follow meh : it would make my week cuzz who likes school?
Hah : pleasefollow!!
Do Not: Let periodontal disease get any worse once it has been identified.
Is there a problem in the social mobile local app dev space because they are primarily being built by 20 something year old dudes ?
Stuck throttle or brake failure at 190 mph
long lost friend!
caught your blog via fb  beautiful work!
looks like all is well :
i wanna go on an adventure!!
Oh my gosh!
translation: what i say when some moron is yapping and im not listening!
Agreed.
RT: I would be really excited about being able to add my AOL screen names to GChat, but alas, it's not the year 2000.
dearest pansy thanks for wanting to give up harry.
bitch.
love katie bell
In.
All in.
Developing situation for the for good things.....
Same here my freind said it was virus and not to click on the link
sex sex sex sex sex since i just got your attention hey bol
I want some change to the normal everyday routine.
I don't dispute that.
I'd like to hear why Bo is doing it, but we may never hear that.
why the people in twitter say ''i follow back '' and follow 6473 and have 26354 followers !!!
how follow back !!
Thank you for whipping the crowd into a frenzy!
Best line so far tonight.
Hey gurl how've you've been ?
: miss ya twitter buddy
Yankee Stadium: never again.
Sox loss aside, that was the single most horrifying night of my life!
Congrats on getting your Tickets!
Be on the lookout for REDD!
it will be good to see you on the big screen again John  looking forward to the Raven
Sorry for this cynicism, but the ongoing liveable city awards show probably shouldn't include 65 days over 100 degrees.
yes that would help.
Thanks for the follow back, Rhonda.
Welcome!
is sad...
first time in 2 years.
Just wrapping up a new ad for Sharp Equity.
Should shake things up a bit in the Realtor World.
I'm happy to chat with you about the panel.
Why do I get the idea that I'm going to hate the Black Keys before this NCAA tournament is over?
Not sure right now..
But I'm feeling inspired.
That moment when you realize all your friends are dating someone except you
everyone sells themselves.
How and in what way do you sell yourself?
can you do better?
Dont forget it was God who healed or delivered you.
Return and Follow God!
Be Encouraged!
hearing alex trebek say albert camus in that overthetop french accent  awesome
I'd rather be single and break hearts then be in a relationship and get my heart broken.
how come people dont support local rappers ???
I had a doctoram that my English teacher was gonna play videos all period as our lesson...
keepdoctoraming  Kristyn
You're ugly.Okay.You're stupid.Cool.I hate you.I don't care.Austin Mahone can't sing.
I give you 5 seconds to run.
Harry Potter  the Prisoner of Azkaban 
I will now keep my mouth shut.
The celts are winners
I don't inform most people, but most people leave knowing they didn't get the job.
Thanks for the RT.
:
Dad taught me, if you can see through it, it ain't beer.
new cars are the way to go.
When u buy thou u need to see the gas mpg.
And check it against what other people say
Its all my fault.!
Welp!
Not a goodnight so far.
Ill be happy to make it through tonight.
12:25 felt like a mini earthquake near NYC
I'm not ruining it by looking at the setlist
I'm borderline sunburnt, I spent too much money and my pants are a little tighter.
All the markings of a successful vacation.
OneThingAboutMe is that I pray every night to wake up in the morning to see that followed me !
I can't tell you how it ends  spoil everything...
but it's brilliant  wonderful and so good!!
Loving ;
When Chris announce the surprise, lets pretend we didnt know it was gonna happen!
yea?
Love your music, Bran!
Can't wait for the next album.
Happy 4th of July..

everyone IS a patient and a caregiver...
s4pm although some do more of caregiving than others.
haha that's so awesome.
I'm on the inside looking out
I miss u too!
I'm glad u ain't here tho cuz I'm sick!
But the bait sadly set me up yesterday : but how are u
glad I'm the guy on top  Charles Barkley.
Bahahaha lakers vs
A best friend is like a four leaf clover: hard to find and lucky to have.
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
Going to bed.
Night.
woah woah Jill had another kid !?
whats her email ??
Being locked out of a class for the period....guess they really don't want us here anymore.
Vegan mac and cheese !!
I'm in shock and nervous as hell
I heart Modern Family
And you can cry all you want to.
I don't care how much you invest yourself in me.
We're not working out!
MCR is fing killer.
Oh Twitter...how I miss thee.
Thank you for the record breaking 170,000 raised from the Caring Classic golf tournament!
You all are amazing!
Damn I ain't put my phone on the charger In two days  still got 80
It's not coming out for any phones prior to the Pre2.
Bad news on a good news day.
My hair is so short :'
Woohooo congrats!!
Can't wait to celebrate : RT I'm OFFICIALLY done with college.
Wishing you the best of luck on getting those 8 wins.
My bet is you will have a new coach in 2013 when you come play at Oregon!!
how are u able too see him all the time?!?: lol:
Its encouraging to see students contribute to UWRightnow saying what makes special.
excellent, sounds like an accessibility issue as well.
Did anyone else watch S Club 7?
Can we all agree the coolest one was the guy who didn't belong...Bradley?
ues you can gbby so tell me ,
Teacher: I wished you would pay a little attentionPupil: I'm paying as little as I can !
how are you?
lol I'm tweeting vinnyprobz now:
LADIES yeah!
LADIES yeah!
WANNA TAKE A RIDE IN MY MERCEDES
who on this shit
Mark your calender for Reds, Whites,  Blues on June 5th!
We will be open to the public featuring our wines as well as live music!!
More leaders should lead by example.
Inspire teams to innovate, exceed short, long term targets, doctorve rather than follow their market.
AMNP my newest Open Position  CEO just bought 18million on Open Market.
80 million OS, 30 Million Float.
Get in while you can :
that's my advice on pregnancy.
I didn't grow up with EPL though, so the club legend part is something that really makes it different
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
Zig Ziglar
Black Cherry Crush at the wild Buffalo, Bellingham Wa, first show here, feeling good.
: Today, a ferocious focus on the fewmost importantthings.
Im sorry your twitter life isnt amazing and your going to leave but i rly dont give a shit do what you want!
I can feel my lip getting bigger as each minute passes, I.am.stupid.
When I thought I couldnt go on, I forced myself to keep going.
My success is based on persistence, not luck.
Estee Lauder
WOW, thanks red head licker!!
Happy Friday!
Join Chi Cha and DJ Ivan for a great night on U St tonight
dude I know!
That's why when my car gets fixed I'm looking for another job.
good night inspiration, aka : xo
For reals..who wants to do my math homework for me : I will give you a hug and a high five :
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.
Doug Firebaugh
Success is not the key to happiness.
Happiness is the key to success.
he's so cute
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
IM FAKE
Thanks for allowing Wafrique to be a part of the Guide to Black Paris event tonight.
We look forward to doing more!
Absolument!
The invite I just emailed you had all the details  did you need it in another form?
Learning never exhausts the mind  Leonardo da Vinci
I JUST WANT IT TO BE 3 ALREADY
Love that we can not have is the one that lasts the longest, hurts the deepest, and feels the strongest.
thanks bro!
We're recording new material as we speak!
Think of me, think of me fondly, when we've said goodbye.
Remember me once in a while  please promise me you'll try.
Any awesome presents received out there?
Hope all had a great holiday!
is he a started next year?
i love everybody who is supporting xoxo 3
Less then 24 hours until the looting begins!
I just can't believe how happy I am right now.
To made your day just made my day, and the feeling is amazing!!!
Marcus Goree Laugh n' Splash Charity Event tonight 9:00pm12:00am.
Good things for childoctorn all over!
Thanks for the shout out.
Who are you choosing to be on your team for this weekend?
I need a Kendoctorck, Andoctor 3k, and Eminem track
cool bike!
yup, just resigned!
Fridays  Austream day 
Hilarious seeing Joe  Ed put on a show for the media today at prctice.
Yet, the elephant balancing on a giant ball was unnecessary.
That moment when you've proofread your email 3 times, hit send, and then realize you typoed the salutation sigh
doctoramed last night that I worked at Apple , SJ was alive  had me getting his lunch everyday in exchange for daily chats.
Hmm
If you ever get caught sleeping in school, just put your head up  say: In Jesus name, Amen.
when my girl walk she shuts down shop makin nigga eye balls pop
I have a renewed appreciation for my normally rigid schedule.
It makes getting work done so much easier.
Oh I'm the same way right now
they use windows live messenger here so if you are on that add me!!!
Just broke my phone...so not in a good mood.
Makes me want to leave EVO alone all together and maybe leave Sprint
how many diff ways can we communicate at once?
Let's see we r on twitter topline  email!
Now just call me during the break!

well it's def a priviledge!!
nice to meet you!
There are so many things that I want to do to help people Lord, God.
But I need for you to showup and showout over my lifeBAMM.
Is it really Friday already?
Pinch me!
is getting ready to take SO MANY PEOPLE to Israel!
orientation tonight, and the trip is so soon.
use case/tutorial about your hadoop setup sounds like a great idea..
look forward to
can't make it to Mt P tonight in time for trucks.
Hope you'll do it again!!!
Brunch starts at 10:30.
Ask about our Jalapeño Vodka to kick up your Bloody Mary!
Can't wait to see what has in store for us this year!!
My 6,000 TWEET IS COMING SOON WHO WANTS IT????
just had a cool chat with a future save20 product  OMG peeps stay tuned
Its like selling a magnifying glass to a midget
I would TOTALLY buy Bud Light Muenster...but that's just how I do it.
Our pleasure.
:
Time off from blogging but I've still got time to post plenty of good stuff on Twitter.
BRUNO IS OUR WINNER.
Liberty Christian Center on Addison  Central.
I've been going these past few weeks.
Where do u go?
Darling, I can't slow down.
Don't know why I do the thing I do, but I'll always be around.
Free Joint Monday with purchase of an 8th or more.
I'm Moises nd I want to travel to world and wake up every morning saying I love what I do!
Good for the Huskies zing RT : UWUConn will play home and home series starting next season in CT
merry christmas.
3
Join the Whotune Network of Tastemakers and receive a FREE monthly, 10 song sampler.
Opt In by sending me an email to
Got it!
Thanks for the heads up!
Couldn't agree with you more, Rebecca!
Happy to have been your study buddy.
I feel like such a midget.
ha, love it : take lots o' pictures!
nice gonna go surfing?
Lol
Awkward..lol i wanna go home
Cassie, she's you with a different hair colour.
Feel like I'm gonna cry.
Meh
Thanks for joining us!
Did you know that Hiebers can help you to purchase high quality supplements through your Health Savings Account or HSA?
Call...
Thanks so much!
Always nice to hear both encouragement and thoughtful criticism from readers.
RT : you are so...
Web TV is coming and it is time to jump on board with these 2 great pioneers
Come on bikers.
Its sunny!
Ladies let's get ready!!!
Bike night and ladies night!!!
doctornk specials all night!!!
I love music, It makes me bounce.
musicisatureescape 3 .
my selfemployed self is jealous...good luck!
For a moment, I thought you were calling your followers goats.
Ferndorf is my favorite, but Prepared Piano and Snowflakes/Carwrecks are good, too.
I also have collabs w/Nils Frahm, also good.
Winner Tom Morello about to play and my phone truly dying.
Hugely inspiring Hillman awardees.
Oh lol that's my shit
best story ever.
RT: I used to hate it but then one day I loved it.
no problem
I think this it's all getting lost in the translation on twitter.
I was not bullying ANYONE and was busting your chops.
no problem
The best game you can play is deciding if a womans existence is worth your presence
that child has some for real problems!
YouWereCuteUntil I saw your true colors...
It felt like the end :
um, im a unicorn.
Selby KU, but Knight and Leslie UK?
Knitting socks with tricolor selfstriping yarn: I'm excited to see the next color even though I clearly know what it is.
Check our website for upcoming gigs  5starjazzband.com
To eat an egg, you must break the shell.
Jamaican Proverb
Just did our preinterview for with Betsy Bitch for Tales from the Stage.
Fascinating woman!
Paul Shortino is back and have him today!
It'z amazing how time changez EVERYTHING,,,,, including....
RT All childoctorn are artists.
The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Pablo Picasso
Amazing!
Respect the patriotleague and f duke!
This death was the breaking of my waters  from this day forward I will speak up for righteousness in the place of those who won't do it!
thx for thinking of us Chadwick!
Please see announcements on Webcampus for the additional extra credit site mentioned in class.
U can earn up to 15 pts total EC
Just another typical Monday really
yes there is.
It's so bad for you.
Choose water.
I keep getting called Tin Tin
School, i could never feel like my self there i wish i did.
Me and fighting bout my hair xP haha
C'mon over and try Saz's Signature Stuffed Mushroom Caps!
They are absolutely out of this world!
Chef Rob knows his Apps!
is off to another improv battle; this one on the football field.
vs Check it out: 90th  Wallingford,12PM
wanting to get some nongmo berry bushes, can anyone recommend a good source?
I Wanna Do Something Different With My Hair.
Ive Tried Everything And Im Out Of Ideas...
Wat Should I Do Next??
humm
Good thanks!
Out helping RVA prepare their AC units for the summer.
How as yours?
ask about that football I just threw him.
Sign me up for NFL.These new meds got me out here like MVick meets IronMan.
LOVE IT!!!
I love it!
Everyone should do that.
We'd be getting a lot of discounted stuff!
: Final from staples center: Nuggets 102, Lakers 99.
LA leads series 32.
Game 6 Thursday in Denver.
hell yeah
When it comes to food, cheap is overrated says Amen!
Used in small amounts, even the most expensive salt is a great value
If only I knew he wasn't true..
Word2TheWise Ur relationship with God is more important than anything becuz u know 4 sure that's a relationship that will last forever
I hear ya Mike  I'm gonna be praying for a week after the W today
: check out Hopskoch for the best and most engaging ways to connect cool thank you!
Pay careful attention to sustainablethurston movement...implications could be professorund if the right voices are not there to help shape!
I wonder who wil crak first
all you said was k!
What was I supposed to say to that?
Yeah, consumer satisfication feels too good; they know the secrets, rise in the tax dollar streets!
i know im sorry.
And people are just so mean to her for no reason!
:
I don't have a type.
If I like you, I like you.
true that!
Psalm 121:78 The Lord will keep you from all evil; he will keep your life.
The Lord will keep your going out and your coming in from this t
Why is so conservative while Fox's broadcasting seems the most liberal of any network?
Is that planned?
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience.
It supercedes all other courts.
Gandhi
Ghost 3, got a great deal!
Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers.
Veronica A.
Shoffstall
Oh and a husband and a bunch kids whose names I cant remember.
Within you, I lose myself.
Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again.
Unknown
I love you too!
Taj Gibson is the man.
You are so sweet!
Thank you for your donation.
We need to catch up!
What is new, lady?
here's what makes Major League Baseball different from any other professorssional sport: one mistake is all it takes
Whether my hair is short or long, I'm still da bomb!!!
: another reason why Twitter is awesome!
If Justin Bieber ever says, Nobody's perfect.
Ima go up to him and show him a picture of a sexy one named .
Headed to the annual meeting.
Hoping to sneak in a hike later this morning!
Any designs yet?
we felt it too.
It was pretty strong!
Glad you are enjoying them.
I hope I'm properly showing how it is, not being misleading.
:
Maybe they aren't looking to appeal to audiences in that visual way.
Are you implying that musicians w/stands aren't as good?
I had a twitter since 2010 lol
I have followed back.
:
thoughts on Thereflu ?
Yankee is kicking ass
Accidentally deleted my Messages app!
Text messages!
How is that even possible?
How do I get it back?
:/
would you like some ice with that water?
don't lose you're mind!
You need it!
Lots of summer shows planned new schedule coming soon!
Happy birthday , have a good one.
: 3
Stop complaining about your goddamn blue balls.
That's what you get when you're dating someone several towns over and work 24/7.
consumerism has duped you into buying one
Wow zambia babez ar so hot.
Mob Wives is seriously the best show on tv!
square is right.....
about to unfollow if that pic does not change.
Haha
Going w/ my dad 2morrow talked on the phone for like 4omins ima good daughter :
Slag is classic?
more like their penis lol
So to truly improve, you must first destroy.
Start over.
Simplify.
However, I know this may be out of your control.
Good luck.
I wish I could just start a 5885435 year long tour.
Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people.
Colossians 3:23,
First 48.
Ok, this makes up for Grey's being a repeat...only a little though.
dont sip where you dip
Solution?
Reboot.
Starting to feel an awful lot like Windows.
I became a bornagain Macuser just over a year ago.
Honeymoon's over I guess.
Garry Meier quote about when you walk down the street with Skilling it's like walking with a Beatle
Already writing the script: Attack of the Killer Butterflies oh wait...
Mothra 1961.
But then a butterfly ain't a moth ;
3 minutes in and it's Lewis Black, not , disappointing me.
I should tweet about how excited for TheAvengers I am.
But I'm much more enthralled by the doctorma going on with the teenagers behind me.
I should say redesign.
We have the most amazing people.
Truly.
Today we declare BrianSpeightLoveFest2011 for going aboveandbeyond this week.
U rock!
Nice work!
what do u wish for Christmas this year?
:
Never realized how many players in the NBA wore Converse!!
Happy Mother's Day!
In Georgetown with the blasting Project Pat.
This is pretty much sums my weekend up lol
sacha baron Cohen?
GUYS!!!
FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!
FOR THE 5TH TIME!!!
FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
wow, thanks a lot!!
you'e da man :D
Good morning Paul  cool we're following each other  hope you get laughs out of us too.
What does he think about retiring 13 tho?
RT : Sports fans, follow , knowledgeable cat
ready for some baseball :
So many meetings this evening!
Eckington, Stronghold, Bates!
Love bein with my friends back home doctornk to all that we have lost,mistakes we have made,everything has changed.
But love remains the same
My booty is super tight..lol
I have to go to school Friday while no ones there b/c I already missed 3 in a row.
AMBER GOT A TWITTER !
Just followed you whats up
not fair.
On the way to a show in jersey.
!!!!
Follow the leader...
Epilogue to SpiderIsland: now THAT'S how you wrap up a story arc.
Wellplayed, sir.
Everyone has to understand the deeper meaning to life.
Sports figures need to realize there is life and more outside of the sport
Even with those, they will still and always be number 1 in this town regardless, can't say that about yours.
Walking to the German Immersion School Craft Bazaar this am.
M, Deutsch kuchen!
:
I haven't seen Orel Hershiser suck this much dick since the 2000 season.
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
Jim Rohn
Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan
Yes we plan too
I learned something valuable today.
GODisGreat!
Thank you for the lesson
700 members  counting...bout 2 start sum new craigslist ads...
Time to buy me a Jacksonville tebow jersey
I fuck with Ready or Not joint
You should!
Glad you got tickets :
Do you feel my power!?
Congrats Lindsay!
RT : I'll be interning at The Knot this summer!
Feeling good.
Photoshoot went fab!
New media kit comin' soon.
Watch out world, here I come!
If and followed me..
I would probably crap a brick haha
I will
Thanks!
Damn right!
Giants have gone to far to come back home empty handed!
love u too sis!
is awesome!
They made it easy to recycle my old gadgets, and I even got a little  for one.
YAY!
Play ball!
The Brewers and Bill Wegman take on the Athletics and Dave Stewart in Oakland.
it's 84 degrees outside and i'm on twitter
It's actually a Santorum campaign ad with a Romney look alike
So excited to set up camp at The West Hollywood Book Fair on October 2nd!
You should come say hi.
Reading Lisa delpit's other people's childoctorn at advice of colleague, provoking a lot of soul searching for me as a white teacher
Lovin' the graphic that will have to stand in front of tonight on news!
Don Express?
Is that like CPK Express?
RT : I'll send you a bottle of Don, express!
needs to come get his gift.
When it comes to the fourth quarter, it's the will not the skill.
RobertRdz Awesome Machete screening tonight.
Great seeing so many Machete fans come out for support.
FEDUP cutting MORE taxes wo paying 4 will ACCELERATE hitting debt ceiling.
Unpaid 4 BUSH TAX CUTS R BIG contributor to debt ceiling RISE!
or we should go to orangeville and ill buy u some oranges there:
Q: how much do you weigh?
You don't need to be knowing that.
You're quite welcome!
I hope you are having a good weekend, and things got better :
Poor Nick!
try going to the warehouse in Madison where they test all the new equipment.
AH.
all the while will ferrel is saying she's horrendous to look at.
Lol
I think that's what we're counting on :
nah I didn't get a count down txt 
lol aight bro.
You DJ'ing tonight?!
Time to rock!
Brinkley for a first.
13 yard pickup
Cirque de Soleil was lovely!
i was hoping I wasn't the only one sick of her in everything.
She's like the new Betty white
When were alone, were more than friends.
When she's around, were strangers.
And, when were around friends, were just friends.
Just asked to come on this Saturday when is filling in w/ me.
I hope his nastyass says Yes!
Young lady, is that an alcoholic libation you are doctornking?
i love emulators and roms
Congrats on the AskMen gig...
Your writing style is a great fit over there.
Looking forward to more great articles.
I can't wait til the lake is my backyard.
Can't wait for NBA Playoffs Saturday!
Quote of the day from a customer at sxsw I love your Willie!
referring to our Willie Nelson poster of course!
But we've got to mad at everyone all of the time...so.
Follow now!
For me plzz;
Feeling like robin hood right now.
no...
You're a very lovable person!!
seen it before too....
they got one for Miami Mamas to.
I want it All and then Some .
1st Hosting production meeting.
My twitter dead, sorta
July 14th needs to hurry up!
less than one minute old 3
Yes!
We were mistaken.
Rodgers was on letterman today.
: I couldnt agree more!
xoF.
You made my day.
Seriously Here's to a great show tonight.
Very thankful my wife picked me up from the side of the road today.
Especially knowing she had better things to do.
You took the words right out of my mouth.
I'm tired af I'm goin to sleep good night I'm sleeping with a smile on my face tonight and your the reason :
Too funny!
RT I just saw a girl who looks like Lindsay Lohan in Parent Trap.
Think Lindsay will sue her?
Thank god
Now you're talking...
RT : To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
Donald Laird
For the admin console?
Or for accepting customer payments?
yo, we have the same name!
:
Also, our group Third Stream Giants, at the Otter House May 8th!
Get ready for our new CD!
:
NO NO NO NO NO NO.
ND better pull this outta their ass
RT : 3 reasons I love my son: he donates his art to charity; his pet portraits are cool; some guy in Vegas tattooed his...
Listening to presentation by Bob Sherlock of on pricing at Renaissance Exec Forum for CEOs.
Jarrett Bush will make the pro bowl this year 24.....
SPECIAL TEAMS OBVIOUSLY, but nonetheless
its raining jordan hallelujah oh its raining...
Good luck to you and your wife!
I'm getting ready to build a virtual conglomerate with several websites.
I need a web builder to work for a piece of the action.
Interested?
Tell em not to put it in your butt too hard tonight :
You captainred the bitchface perfectly, not even gonna lie.
The Beastie Boys remind me of when I was a lesbian for six months in high school.
Don't ask.
Ok, ask.
hey there
Just spent over a grand at IKEA...worth it!!
Really good time right now for bridezillas to pitch a spin off called gayzillas
I'm kidding.
I need to go get some clothes myself.
Alzheimers is trending 8th on yahoos main site this morning
i still hold my breath when i pass cemetaries.
Good night!
It's one here.
I have to doctorp my tired body on my bed.
Night
I'ma do it.
Fuck it I'm all in
Done with the surprises for today.
the greatest door in the history of door decorating contests
I wanna make him mines .
ill tell you about it tomorrow Hahaha : its a great story.
how's the hockey beat?
i had no idea you were such a fan.
performances are never the same twice in a row
Let the words of my mouth and the meditations of my heart be pleasing in Your sight God
hey, you're in town!
Better still: put them on Flickr/Picasa RT : Idea  using Pinterest to market digitized images from your archives/IR
people complain about ALOT of things...why don't I ever hear complaints about taxes due?
: Like this: I hate doing my sales tax return.
;
Follow us and we'll follow you back!
Spread the word!
release a new song please haven't heard a sexcay jls song in time
Congress: Bingo with billions.
Red Skelton
Pretty embarrassing as a librarian to get an email from your child's school about all your overdue books.
But that didn't happen to me.
Get your music fix on tomorrow midnight with  and Anton Bass :
3rd Team All NBA  Tony Parker, Derrick Rose, Kevin Love, Bynum....forgot KOBE switch him on the 2nd team with Rondo.
I can try lol; I've been working on a change wallet recently!
:
Catching up on pitching some of my story ideas.
It's fun in that you never know where the next one will land.
Wow, that was coldblooded!
it is a process and sometimes takes time.
Hang in there for sure.
Have you spoken with you football recruiting coach yet?
Maybe Obama could streamline his day with a goal for each policy issue and add his key advisors to each!
www.IamINC.biz
RT Wow ididnotreport  check it out
so what was the thought that just crossed your mind?
Craving Red Lobster...
Sounds like a keeper to me.
Had another great day at Riverside Arts Market.
Sold a lot of prints but not any paintings.
My gawd there's girls dancing on the floor, in the stage and on the bars!
RENEGADES ROCKS!!!!
Congrats on finishing your first year!!
Thats awesome.
:D Im almost done with my sophmore year of HS.
Oh Im lame :P haha
Um bruh...I don't think that's the sample the NFL is looking for.
I'm just saying.
RYAN AND WILL, Y U BOTH NO SHUT UP AND GO TO SLEEP.
danedems forum  concourse Htl.
K.
Vinehout..a local shithouse on every corner to have green energy and WI a Leader for USA.
U GO GIRL!!
Is the website having issues?
I want to be a Friend of Bobst but it won't let me proceed 
's new stuff really is the shit!!!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Giordano's  Pizza
I'm falling in love but it's falling apart I need to find my way back to the start.
Looks like Ryan Braun knows his plushdamentals.
Go Brewers!!!
what is Bourn's lifetime avg vs the Brewers?
I feel like he crushes us!
TBH, I think it was the task you wanted people to complete rather then lack of interest in accessibility.
/cc
I like my all my bitces nasty like a Cold dinner Teamwayne
bout to go get a chop in a few
RT : This is the Houston Astros' final game in Philadelphia as a member of the National League.
Weird.
// Just had this chat in WAWA
Very sad news about steve mcnair found dead...
he's too clean cut for me.
Lololol
Just resent the link to the 5k registration, let us know if you are still having problems opening!
Celebrating the March birthdays of Jazz Clarinet greats
Just a heads up to appear in everyone's feed you need to start with a character other than usually people use a .
Finally on twitter
Finally in louisville!!!
: chillen at 4am with my cuzzin jenna : oreos and puppies al over ur face ; lol this is when summer gets fun
It's the best song to fall asleep to 
Honestly i'm going to forget so I will do it 2 days early Happy Birthday!!!!!!
Philly would love to meet you!
Come to kensington and check out what director is doing with !
I do too, they make them look good.
Enjoy Your Life, You Only Get One 3 !,
Im alone at home ...
Selfdiscovery increases your possibilities...
do speak Spanish?
LOOKS LIKE I PICKED ME UP A NEW BESTFRIEND ...
she such a push over we ran that class
what an idea!
RT : You don't need to seek permission from another person to be happy.
Just be happy.
:
Never thought I'd be able to hear CEO talk games 3 rows in front of me.
The gaming nerd in me is happy.
ready to get in the game
Hermanas please do not forget that early registration for convention ends on Friday!
Don't miss out.
This year will be better than last.
I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinks on me: you are my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God.Psalm 40:17
Not sure if I actually have free time or just forgetting everything.
I met yesterday..
haha
nm.
Bored.
What's up with you?
Heading to outsidelands this afternoon
: Scorpio 20ThingsAboutMe 2 People don't realize how funny I can be, I only let some people see THAT side of me
FlightstoAtlanta is AWESOME
It must be a GirlOnly thing...
UGH!
RT : My apps are still there.
today is my 2 year anniversary with my lovely boyfriend!
33
interiors blogs entering the retail market?
See the exciting aussie popup shop by as highlighted on
next goal wins
i got to admit the truth i am totally headoverheels in love with you3
Wow you are such a close minded person and probably a closet dyke yourself and I will always be a fan of
I was there last year around this time!
Never, Magnetic propulsion is real.
Thank you !!
i will add ur tweet to the video :
does anyone even know u exist anymore?
How are you living green this spring?
We want to hear your best tips for more sustainable living!
Thanks for the RT's  !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Y BIRTHDAY BABYGURL3333 I LOVE YOU TO DEATH HOPE YHU HAVE A BOMB ASS BIRTHDAY 3
yeah, I know it's the soap.
Unfortunately, second straight day with a sick kid home from school.
music is made to be played loud
Amazing panel on media just concluded...really looking forward to the next session on balance
I texted u : want to do next Wednesday?
I need a hump to look fwd too
KU and UK and blue all over.
gobigblue  the KENTUCKY kind!
hey I'm just sayin not everyone bitches lol
Feeling too poorly to move just yet.
Xavi has plenty of practice, yapping for years about Cesc's Barca DNA.
Why am I only able to select a subscriber type for merge replications????
thanks, following back!
That shouldn't be an issue.
Are you signed into your 4sq account in the same browser you are using to sign into Snoball?
: Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can.
And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
If God is Love and you can't have one without the other, how do you deny God/Love to anyone?
tonight we are bored...
hahaha
Bryan, I'm so sorry I can't make it.
Just swamped here at RISE.
Hope y'all have fun!
Roseann Munger art is showcased at Jane Hamilton Fine Arts!
adultwellness
Said the alligator king to his 7th son, My son, you win the crown!
You can ride bicycles inside hotels at sxsw ?
Curse that thing called work!!!
I got this Jones forming in my bones
Work is the curse of the doctornking classes.
I think you have been hacked
what time do we have to be at the school tomorrow?
Last track meet :

need a Job ?
You believe in yourself ?
Go here : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
So glad this happened
I just met you, this is crazy.
Here's my number, call me maybe 
Join us this Thursday at Spill at 6pm for a How's it Growing party for the Mustache 4 Cash/Color 4 Kidz fundoctoriser!
It should be hairy!
Orange with a tan can be pretty hot!
I hate the radio I've heard the same 5 songs at least 10 times each today
Enjoy it Michael!
Thanks for the retweet of the Social Media Danger Zone!
It's a scary place to be...
My friends at are getting ready for the 2012 CulinaryOlympics and I'm helping them spread the word.
Going for gold!
Word to the wise !!!
RT : Don't fear the enemy who attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you.
You better be prepared!
Grown over HoesThe Motto
ima go next year
Are you sure you can't??
How's the summer been treating everyone?
Conan O'brien cant stop is a fantastic doc
Thanks !
I haven'tlooks like good reading though.
I want to do a show how including nature in city design is important.
Did you know snooki outlast tweeted me
Are you kidding me.PSTD?.
No wonder Social Security is running out of money.
Thanks Mike for exposing.
We love you too!!!
big congrats!!!
I've determined that despite watching hours of cake  cupcake related TV shows I'm, in fact, no better at decorating a cake than at age 12.
I've been exhausted for weeks
Welcome to Nittany nation!
omfg I thought it was due Friday????
Wonderful weather for scouting!
;
anyone know how long it takes?
Downloading iOS 5?
Going over the schedule for the unconference soon.
I'm surounded by the guys in physics class.
We have a sub so thatno work
it was an autocorrect on her iPad!
: I have to get my car first.
When i start work that's gonna be the first thing i'll get.
Had a nice dinner with , Jill, and Keith.
Now I have experienced Hawaiian fusion food.
when middle schoolers have bigger boobs than me
I'm SOO happy with the picks, but in more shock that we actually used them.
LOL.
If we took per game stats from that era at face value, there would be no argument against Wilt being the GOAT.
RT Junior staffers competing in 'worst Hunger Games/North Korea' joke contest.
I am thinking of firing them all.
that awkward moment when anthonyjonathan show up at your house  say you don't tweet a lot :P
Just followed
Photos of my house are in that book in the chapter on Westwood!
Great book.
We have it at the gift shop too.
some people say your 2 bussy 4 ur fans .
WELL I THINK YOU LOVE, CARE 4 US AND YOUR JUST TRYING TO HELP US THOUGHT UR MUSIC 
uh fine kicks you now time to summon the flying horses
The kid's getting ready for school
We are now testing Arq Backup For One Of Our Office Mac  Shaping up to be Best In Class for Cloud Storage On The Mac 
The surgery was a success!!!!!!
Thank you lord...
He is truly the Amazing!!!!
I am so blessed that he was my surgeon today..
God is the KING
Checking in at Higher Dimension Church!
it's a conspiracy!
And I hear you control the too in addition to True or rumor?
don't make me beat you
Heyy!
followfollowfollow i will follow back
Holy shit, haters need to stfu and leave the fans at peace!
.
you're one few!
I just know the difference between someone doing something because they want to not because it's what's expected
is anybody!!
LoL!!
Harris: Thats not in the best interest of the district to treat people that way
RT : Holy Reunion!!Lord
learning omeka, feeling empowered to archive.
160 Followers on Twitter...Hm, things are getting better every day!
SAT tomorrow.
Early to bed for me.
im on the net to network, not to be your friend,like really?mtmore210yahurd81me
Thanks Dave!
Of course!
Thank you as well :
That's fine, I thought it was two articles
Good morning :!
tha do, why I said look just tad bit alike!!!!!
Ice it immediately.
Lie on your back with something under your knees, icepacks under you.
I am happy as well.
Announced today: the launch of the Barnes  Noble eBookstore, the worlds largest eBookstore
keeps categorizing DC Parking tickets as Entertainment.
I guess that's one way of looking at it.
that's fantastic, just love Henry and his music thanks for.sharing!!
The Chocolate Library on the Food Channel!
www.foodchannel.com/articles/article/chocolatelibraryopensnyc/
did the sweats fall down?
What am I talking about I hate pie.
having a hard time...
gotta keep pushing forward...
sometimes I can't see the end of the tunnel, but I'll get there,I know StillFighting 3
Maidens always wore their hair long in those days, and when they met the man that they wanted to marry...
Rocking out The Bitter End on Friday..
Hopefully we find as much success at when she played there.
I found your lovely irreverent blog via GothamGram and love its lovely irreverence.Thank you.
AStat's first mixtape under Suburbial Music Group coming out soon.
Look out for it.
Keep yourself updated with the movement.
We takin off!
Be an optimist  at least until they start moving animals in pairs to Cape Canaveral.
Unknown Author
Follow the AndersonAbruzzo Balloon Museum Foundation,  get a membership!
Great perks for a great deal!
Just thought I'd mention how wonderful spotify really is
at Robeson.
These fake coaches are funny to me.
It all must be balance so from the best comes the worse and from the dead comes life.
A tshirt is more than fabric thrown over a body to avoid nakedness.
It's your mind partnering with your body to relay a message about you!
Fuck my life!
Worst day.
Love You Back!
I miss you and all that you are!
: 
We are having paella.
It's the first time we haven't done a turkey!
I give my stamp of approval to KEYANDPEELE.
Very funny show
Paul Wapner on founding of Global Environmental Politics.
New avenue needed for newer subject matter.
Not traditional poli sci.
I know what you are going through I am 27 days sober myself
or slam
Ughh like my dentist, hate going to the dentist!
Left Side of my face is numb
happy november y'all.
let's not forget the best holiday is coming up..
thanksgiving!!!
School Starts in 26 days!
Where did my summer go?
I have to get to blogging again!
Sebelius says goal is to be sure every youth in America is safe at home, school and in neighborhood.
I say the same thing!
thats why I'm still single ;
Congrats!
Conveniently close to Zuni Cafe, one of my favorites.
Buffering should not exist.
You should just click on a video and then it should play.
I cannot wait til u come to the mile high city that is Denver, CO.
...i know u love me and soon u will see..i was like 8 at time.
Hard to forgive him for batting Donny bleeping' Murphy second last night also...
humblebrag RT : Just moonwalked with Einstein all over the brachial plexus.
I will be your Outlook class..I want to figure out this businesscontactmanager in 2007..
Tomorrow is a VERY SPECIAL DAY !
The key to winning escalator races is to get the 1 pole position
I wish I wass everything you wanted
A IS ON MY REPORT CARD!
LOL
Kenny Rogers  Through the Years ....
I just realized I only go out with ricans :o lml 33
MOM deserves it!
Bring her to Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint for a Real BBQ on Mother's Day :
I will put it on my bucket list.
Love to come visit friends!
Smiles, Rochelle
yeah that kid is something else.
Where was this?
Game one of the Eastern Conference Finals?
0 Goals Given.
is at DiscoveryBeat 2009 in SF  application discovery in an age of noise...
HEY GIZZLE!!!!!
LOL I KNOW U BEEN GRINDING HARD AS HELL WORKING ON 8TH CD TGT ALBUM I SO CAN'T WAIT GSANGELS 4LIFE.
GODBLESS
RT A1: Mitchell, SD: train depot is now a restaurant and of course the Corn Palace is a top 10 basketball arena
I think the phrase Compose Tweet is quite grandiose.
Not to mention how grandiose grandiose sounds.
We keeping this lead.
Watch.
My two cents.
I think George Zimmerman has either left the country or killed himself.
Why loser ?
:D
This house is filthy, get off your ass and clean it!
bitch ya Dick is filthy, suck it urself tonight!
I was right!
nicely done team!
the Angel fans are really pissed off right now I hear them cry and cry on the Angel Radio show in california
I know right!
I'm growing my back!
Good Monday Morning to you
Loving Real Time w/billmaher tonite!Oil spill pissing him off  immigration just gets uglier.ChrisMatthews great panelist!
Awww thank you eric....
I miss u friend : 
Crispy Chicken Salad w Cherry Wood Smoked Bacon, Red and Yellow Grape Tomatoes French Vinaigrette, Challah Toast and 2 Poached Eggs.
oh dang!
Hey I'm a fangirl who enjoys obsessing over Cody Simpson, One Direction,  Ariana Grande.
The way my daughters whine and cry so much, I'd almost rather them be teenagers and dating boys than deal with this crap.
born in Bethesda Naval Hospital...will have to do
Dalton won the tv for me!
Weekly checkin time with and
The other day in gym when Demarcus said I was going straight to hell  lmao
The most beautiful gift we can give each other is the truth.
I saw it alone, and it was great.
Me time.
sometimes it is funny for me to think about how much Brooklyn has changed in 15 years.
Dang I just wanna sleep in....
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
Mario Andoctortti  Great Minds Quotes
Watching Sherlock and trying to write an essay don't go together very well.
you my baby 3
Why do all stepdads on the hallmark Christmas movies plan to ship the kids off to boarding school....smh...
How pervasive in science is degrading treatment of technicians?
Or is it just culture of specific places?
Taj Gibson is personally trying to get Boozer amnestied
Thanks for the follow Chester!
For what it's worth, I'm still nervous.
: This will go down as one of the more gutless performances in Mavs history
thanks, Kimberly!
I'm still learning about writing, too.
We learn together ;
Yo!
Me,  are here.
Come see us!
Section 114, row 8.
We're at the War Memorial Plaza all afternoon across from City Hall!
Come visit us and learn how you can advocate for a child in need!
Hunger Games at midnight tonight, I'm so excited!
Gravity can never hold you down as much as Hate and Greed
I'm a little teapot.
Haha.
I had to do it.

thanks for following me and welcome to twitter.
Be well, Marc
Yeah I realized that after an hour or so...
NO!!!
Stop lookiin!
There has not been a tracked leaked off of UNCHAINED...
I protects my shiit.
Be patient ppl UNCHAINED cumiin real soon..
Get it legit, noob.
:P
Either Jump Around or Ice Ice Baby.
That lettuce doesn't look very tight, Jim.
Mooresville NC school district provides laptops and digital content for students for the same daily cost of a bottle of soda.
Great gig at Wolf Trap!
Keep checking our Facebook page Third Stream Giants, for photos and videos of us at Wolf Trap!
:
I'm getting lazy, I get excited about my flights getting cancelled so I can sleep in.
For the latest in Music Fests, Travel, Culture and general goodness, make sure to follow on Twitter
Get that outta there
Seriously, how do you run into a fire engine????
It's big.
And shiny bright RED.
It's kind of hard to miss!
: God is Good : and all the time God is Good!
whoa get it
If Evans and Bruiser can hit open shots, the Badgers will be tough to beat.
Tonight, it was Evans' turn to shine.
lol and only you saw it
Ha!
No groin kicks, since I don't play merby.
Maybe a few love bites.
I love you too
Ha, don't worry!
It's a general sentiment of editors.
But take heart, I was working on other projects today.
RT : Another trend for fall: military.
Maybe inspired by Milan's menswear?
Check out  for inspiration
And..Amazing.
Ah, the old elbow to the eye routine!
Hard to master to make it look like an accident.
Do not fall down in your job as a parent
great question.
We're curious to see the responses.
verdict is in, foreclosures are around for a while.
Would love to help if you are in distress...
www.homesellerhelp.info Remax Results
No but I got bitten back for being a psycho!
Dang sorry I missed it.
I'm probably the only one I know who gets more sleepy after doctornking a red bull.
A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga.
Ion wanna see this shit no mo
Can't wait to see them done!
Guy on the phone to his attorney.
His ex took his kids out of state and never came back.
Oh mother, tell your childoctorn not to do what I have done.
i just heard about it!
i hope they can get it under control :
of course you are
Guess the internet dismantled the throne of kingmaker NME style  disseminated the power to create stars into multiple hands
Thank you!
She keeps me on the move  never a dull moment, she's a busy kid!
:
There Be doctorgons in my pants
And that, folks, is how you play billiards.
RT : Fuck in one hole.
Bust.
Out of the others.
This essay interview is 20 short answer questions with a 3 page essay...
Come check out happy hour tonight at the West Wing Bar from 58pm inside the MGM Grand!
Ridin' Out In The Whip!!
Haha
Watching a celtics game in overtime on tv is crazy but I bet watching it live in the garden is ridiculous!
I wouldnt be able to breathe lol
Work in the am...
I like elephants.
That's it.
If I have money, I don't need another reason right?
Free elephant rides for all!
Are some people at GSA not too terribly happy with Google Apps Email Migration...
that's what the little blue bird is telling me...
unbelievable.
that is al.
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail.
David O.
Selznick
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead Well geez, there are just so many, where should I start?
...
You serious Twitter?
This is trending?
We care about you!
Let us know what events and promotions you have coming up!
Guilty  RT That awkward when you read moment yet it isnt even there.
thank you captainin Obvious RT French vocabulary : twodoor sedan coach  coupé
Thanks for the shout out brother, you ready for Christmas?
Hope your doing well!
Ordering my free credit reports....SMH!
is going to take Kipp and Sydney to iFly at Universal City!
Has anyone tried indoor skydiving?
I know it'll be a blast!
I going back to the 1970's in music that is
Lady Gaga has no fans.
Uhm sorry, I can't hear you over the 70 MILLION Little Monsters screaming around the planet.
I walk to the office kitchenette to get tea and I find...GIRL SCOUT COOKIES!!!
There goes my healthy eating, lol!
I just had a literally ice cold beer.
And I remembered why that concept has become such an advertising cliche: it's fucking delicious!
yea I went 2 the aquarium

Sadly the great Wichita station is long gone.
Just an empty lot there now...
Spike dat fear bieber  I 3 justin.
Thanks so much for your generous donation to our event on Sunday night!
You rock!
I mean, you POP!
all registered Wordcamp Ed DC participants should have received an email update today.
If not, let us know.
16 days until the event!
Very cool images!
And B stands for beer, which you doctornk when you're doctor  goes without saying.
text me cus my laptops broken ;/, and i have half bar left.
its actually at Indiana University.
This gets better and better
Happy Mother's Day!
Are we done making the Ryan Hollins jokes now?
Dude is playing his tail off.

usually means much greater than, not leads to.
Maybe ?
Same  chars.
SomeOneIUseToLike tried to steal my Bacon ..Let's just say she won't try that shit again
I'm pretty sure I just saw him fly by me in his car, lemme text this nigga lol
Damn L.A.
Thanks, Bill.
It was a nice morning.
How are you?
Prediction.
stays in Cleaveland.
thanks for the invite to throw.
Means a lot.
sex sex sex sex sex sex I'm a virgin sex sex sex virgin sex sex sex haa
Michael will be onsite with one of our larger clients for the remainder of September, but will remain available for emergencies  calls.
fair enough
I AM SO SAD I AM NOT THERE
Salud to the end of a great week!
Oops...
Bees blow it again...
City Ordinance of the Day: Possession of an open container, or public consumption, FINE: 303
S.O.
to these followed!
Everyone follow them!
I die every time that commercial is on.
They picked the PERFECT guy for it too.
Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you RT
Thanks!
And heck yeah, I'm going to FFL12!
I lived there for a little while.
Quite awesome ;o RT : Eating my last meal in Italy.
Super sad face.
OH...SO, Y'ALL WANNA HIDE THE TWEET THINGIE, EH?
WELL...I FOUND IT...SO THERE!
;
You know what also wouldn't hurt to add?
Another  to close your parentheses.
;
HAHAHA I'd like that ;
You should come follow all of us on Instagram.
Come hang with us in the world of pictures!
Rainy night special at Magazine St!
Get a free waffle cone with any purchase over 2!
Just mention this tweet.
Offer ends at 11pm
Braving the crowd at the Shins free show!
SXSW :
Impressive night at the Blue Jays Unlimited Senior Athlete Banquet.
This is arguably the most successful Sr Class in JHU Athletics history
as does yours,Cherish Calendar!
:
What is the play?
Hello to all my followers...
a sad day on this world...
give thanks for all we have and continue peace with one another...
I don't think I've ever met someone that talks as much as mister.
Downs
That is great to hear, Anthony!
Hey what's everybody been up to tonight
In 2012 we are strategizing and working with some great organizations and brands.
: haha if anyone has to doctorve 600 miles for anything sounds like an open market to me opportunity True that, JD
I'm officially tired of hearing Joshua's voice!
he's a rescue dog.
Notice he only has one eye
Happy cheap chocolate day!
Great dinner with and Sheryl from TekWorks.
Talking AudioVisual and Architecture over sushi.
I'm pretty sure my wife counted for 1/2 those visits.
They just didn't recognize her w/the her new outfits
Takin the ACT tomorrow.
Anxiety induced insomnia is back.
No sleep for days.
Awesome.
if u got eyes look at me now!!!!!
For sure!
I will..
You go out there and be successful!
:::
Then we should probably start a TV show.
Testing from Tweetdeck....
Well I guess it is now.
Thanks!
Give the gift of good health this holiday season.
Buy your loved one personal traIning or a gym membership or both!!
Want to avoid the masses of First Friday?
Than get Downtown TONIGHT for Preview Thursday!!!
18b  Fremont East will be a rockin...
No books 4 I read!!
I'm excited, I can't living without books.
But, If I start  book, I finish before Friday?
I am not happy about it.
Sounds good!: Currently Craving: Benjamin Roll, Puff Daddy, Garlic Salmon, Tommy Roll and a Zig Zag Handoctorll.
What about you?
My wife is trying to teach her dad how to play Plants vs.
Zombies on the iPad.
Ah, Christmas.
Were excited to welcome the Conference to Portland this weekend.
Thanks for all the great work you do.
Sitting beside :
Just delivered a gift baby portrait session.
Someone is getting Balance for Christmas!!
Tebow to the Jets.
Well....I've got nothing.
Who else thinks next years Super Bowl halftime will be a flashback to the 70's or 80's with Disney's Up With People performing?
In need of assistance converting 3 separate accounts into 1.
inmiddelschool everyone accepted you
You should do twitter contest too for OD!
National doctorwning Prevention Alliance doctorwning prevention through education AMAZING
Anytime yo.
: but alright we shall talk tomorrow.
I just taught my entire EBUS118 class from an iPhone
How did I get so lucky to have such an amazing guy that comes w fantastic family :
Tapestry is making me feel itchy.
It is officially on route to the printer.
If u r following me,u need to find ur way to Eden lounge.
Dj Life off the chain.
Greeks are representing tonite.
Rooftop is rockin!!
what man eff doctorams !
lol he better go to fetish
lol mind your business
Invest more  and more intelligently  in socialmedia says
did u do wat I said or r u still bein a punk lol
lmao fuck it.
She ain't gotta know.
But yeah homie.
We gonna be on that page again soon.
shouldn't have let the eye doctor dialate my pupils.
I can't see anything
how about a threesome
www.facebook.com/cftnurseryinc check us out
It was tasty :
Happy Birthday!
:
Frostee will be a nice addition if the Browns sign him.
Less Jayme Mitchell  More production.
Solid move to help the d line.
bored i miss school!
Ugh did we cook today?
Text me from haleys phone..
28 days of being alcohol free and I feel great.
Now to relax
Baseball game
No.
It's near Greenville.
i think its time to take this show on the road...who want me to come do a show in they city first?
im straight jamming to your album up all night!
i jus love it!:D love you
A cool 10B when compared to their 100B stash doesn't seem so bad!
I think is in Boston as we speak.
Seriously this is so educational.
I'm learning a lot.
doctornk and cheerful dancing at Rasputin.
Come to be my partner!
Hi Maegan!
How's IL treating you?
Thanks for the follow back.
I can only imagine.
I was at a home that had chickens and goats in the backyard
you call her your great aunt
Regardless of how it goes down, life goes on..
Am I right?
Jerking off with an iPad
We are not vilifying people because they are rich but the problem is...
because I never see it anymore
there is a Meet Up for seeing movies?
what's tea why you can't pick up the fucking phone lol
tweets stuff that is 2448 hours old news Unfollow see ya
Than the ssuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
But Deborah is also good, as long as you sing it in falsetto.
Loving this Malentines Day .
.
.
What's that you may ask?
.
.
.
Why its watching Firefly and playing a doctornking to it.
Garam good night!!
I Believe My Feature Is Bright
It's not an up or down vote no matter how you spin it DesignedToFail MT
one of the best shows ever!!!
Ay Wandita, I know the feeling.
I've been handling it with bobby pins!
Going to get my hair done today, al fin.
GooneyGooGoo, Gus.
SUMMER.
HURRAY.
:
Booboo Stewart?
Sorry can't find him on mention
Trivia is underway here at The Tracks.
We've got a very doctornk, very loud crowd.
I've never had LESS of an idea what the Denver Broncos are going to do in the
I'm glad you stopped by, but I want you to actually listen to some songs too!
They are all different.
If you hate one, try the next one.
what shoes do u have on?
what time is game?
you must unlearn what you have learned
You know it's finals week when you find a highlighter in your bathrobe pocket.
Adding Twitter to our website
: Love how Big Sean says Swerve on Mercy 3 i love how u love stupid things kimpossible
Can security meet me in the front in 25?
RT I hope you survive
Thank you to the wonderful woman of Marin YWCA who invited me 2 speak today.
Met some new friends and learned about a wonderful organization
rain checks always good and it's raining now!
See you soon.
Filming the funny today!
so I have officially been grossed out.
I watched the human centipede 2 it was so awful.
Don't ever watch it you will throw ...
Guess I'll check out Dancing w/ the Stars.
The pro dancers are more famous than the new cast...
Smh
: No I want be going down for the funeral.
Kashia is sending some flowers trying to find out who has the body.
I gained followers.
Idk if it was cause of you but..
yeah
Up with lots to do!
Thank God for your abilities because I know with Him all things are possible  on that note, GETTING THINGS HANDLED!
Always fun to enjoy some laughs and cocktails with the likes of and aka BlindManSees.
reason 1 why being a public official sucks, you have to read the rules carefully.

my terrace!
Yaaaaay!!!
for when
1 week down, 1 more to go in Seattle.
7.50 left.
How would you get creative to survive?
Need ideas.
because they hungry and really tryn to get in the game.
you gotta respect they doctorve homie.
..
He was offered citizenship to avoid visa complications and remained a New Yorker.
safe traveling to you too!
Maybe we'll see you there!
My English teacher is talking shit about Justin.
Fuck her.
No good games...guess I'll look at OSU.
hell yea, congrats my dude.
better see you soon gotta have bro week asap
I really need to see this Hugo movie.
let me know if you have a few minutes Tuesday or Wednesday evening?
Don't need long just quick catch up and a huge hug!
Fridays here!!!
in snooki voice
Home  Duke University
Everything is all good ;
Are those 'firecrackers' in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Just a lake day
np jack and Diane
Just got home from LeftForum.
Much love to , and for hanging with me and all weekend.
3
I see more and more actors selfsubmitting.
You really have to know how to craft well to make good audition videos!
yeah I lived in smalltown Michigan w/ no jobs.
There weren't a lot of options.
I don't regret my school debt.
Congrats Bert, yer Awesome!
with an exclusive interview in moments on  tune in!
4 hour nap, then I'm back in Ft.
Worth  ready to tackle another day.
Aha!
You found it.
Hilarious.
I miss Mitch.
I saw a wino eating grapes.
I was like, dude, you have to wait.
our boy is up to tricks once again.
up to 50 referral fee for all real estate professorssionals,,please visit my website and call for details.
Thanks in advance
Heading to later for industry night!
Pretty jazzed for Glasslands tonight, no doubt you'll bring us an AMAZING set.
Wow.
Is this quarter even playoff caliber?
RT : Boy shows Postal Museum volunteer a vintage first day cover  says Isn't this the most beautiful stamp you've ever seen?
the new video
cuz that's the way I roll lol : I take my sweet time even though I'm running late .
why?!
u think ur funny don't ya?????
I'm riding round  I'm getting it, its mine I spend it!
Wow, 1 more add and we will break 19,000 fans!
You guys are the greatest!
Thank you!
Brittney Sager
HUGE fly that won't leave, lord help me.
Congratulations!
Well deserved!
I'm definitely stressing out over these freaking finals.
I'd stand up for myself now but back in high school I let folks say all sorts of terrible things to me.
Bullying sucks.
Grr :p this sucks...like.so bad...;p maybe i shouldnt even go.
Day 2 of my gastric trouble showed little improvement, but I am hopeful for today.
Rosario, Bejarano, Talamo: Hey, Dorothy you're not in Kansas anymore.
Just keep hustling and you'll beat them all.
GL at OT.
I'm watching AE's Heavy and eating Blast O'Butter microwave popcorn  is that wrong?
working with morons!
everyone on twitter is saying it.
I guess their producer tweeted about it?
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Working on some really awesome changes to the way users can set their availability.
More flexible, simpler, and quicker :.
Waking up out of hunger 
Looks super cute!
Shoot, I should've come by today.
InCaseYouDidntKnow Lou's ass is still better than yours.
can I go?
Lol c:
Derrick Bell: It is painful for many of us, but it is time to acknowledge that racial integration as the primary vehicle for...
: The Everything Cookie is decadent.
Perfect mix of salt and sweet with potato chips and popcorn.
Heated too.
did u text ur friend?
I texted her but she didn't respond
My favorite was the Austin Mahone shirts, and posters that i got in my basket:
you're kidding right?
Hope everyone's having a great day in the sun!
:
I get random Manfredi followers.
Do any of you get 'same last name' followers?
Orioles are out, we're hearing in Baltimore..any updates we appreciate.
Thanks!
Hi Chigusa!!!
I did not recieve your messages :
No its okay.
It's not I want to talk to you.
I STILL NEED A FAMILY TO CRASH FOR EASTER!!!!!!!!
GA lol
I should probably get my Civil Law book out of my gym locker....
Guys and gals one more place to network in a clean enviroment www.spiritflowtv.com
: RT : great meeting ,  at dh2012 see more of u tonight at cocktail party!
Catch David Way, Reign Supreme, Vitamin D, Wizdum, Blunt Crew, Prince God, n Manny Duke at Beer Co 2nite!
3 shots!
Ugly Sweater Contest!
ontinue to be the bane of our new tech world!
I too know prior art was GC at Dataquick for almost 20 yrs but no one asked.
Yes I owned my SC 400 for 16 years b/f trading it in for my new IS 250 in October 2011!
Awe, shucks!
Ok everyone: make a point to hit pearl market this season.
Today's opening had 51 amazing farmers  merchants.
Great eats!
Keynote a SACSCOC conf is Mark Taylor, www.taylorprograms.com.
I've found a liberal applications of star wipe and comic sans seems to convey an appropriate amount of business decorum.
i always wanted to see The Departed
You smoosh it?!
It probably ate all the ants and stuff that were crawling around xD
jay was a homie of mine hes dead maan
well have fun in FL!!
We'll have to do a class with next week when you're back in town.
How would I use Apex if I didn't have ICS on it?
I am going to laugh my ass off when the don't make the playoffs.
Their fans talk so much shit for not winning the division.
Yes, but sarcasm?
RT : If you need to type ; at the end of a sentence, you probably got the tone wrong and should rewrite it.
We couldn't hear you guys at all.
D:
With the area you live in, just put some Santorum for President signs in your windows.
I'm sure you'll get some fire.
Excited about  Team INFLUX, who help libraries design amazing user experiences
See you are planning to pitch a big tent at foxfield!
Stop by one of the REDD booths when you are there!
HowToPissAFemaleOff JUMP UP AND ASK HER WHAT SHE BOUT TO DO AFTER U BUST
Seen a site Memphis 6.5 favorite.
Packing my lunch  making my own java!RT Its more important than ever to conserve cash these days...how are you doing it?
Do you think the Brewers will go thru all the bathrooms at Miller Park with me so I can help em out?
90 are configured wrong..
is anyone else irrationally annoyed by the twinkle twinkle little star Truvia commercial?
You're a shotgun  bang!
whats up with that thang?
I wanna know, how does it hang?
LA next week and Vegas 2 weeks later.
Without a doubt best halftime time show of all time.
Madonna!
Cee Lo!
Nikki Manaj!
MIA!
So incredibly awesome.
In west philadelphia born and raised
I love being with
Tonight's MWC Championship game will be televised on NBC Sports Network at 4.
Is bed time for you oh should I text your girl why you looking at other girls notes on tweet
i followed
Lol don't hate
da bears RT Bryan Anger is highest punter picked since Todd Sauerbrun went 56th overall in 1995.
Seems like everybody had sox stuff on today.
I was one of them :
Hahah!
Lexi just ran up to Ella and started blushing.
You have done somthing to her, she loves you :
RIGHTT?
I'M doctorADING IT.
Makeup tip: applying a dab of peppermint extract on your lips will give you a sultry pout due to its ability to increase blood flow
wonders...Do you think the guy that invented the vibrator heard voices saying, If you build it, they will come.?
and they're graduating!
I don't think I can handle it
a big middle finger to NYC public transit for treating brooklyn like 3rd class citizens
Jon you mean?
Yes, I was, and great to see you there, too!
Were you taking notes?
You go, girl.
The tires are the things on ur car that contact w/ the road, the car is the thing on the road that takes u back to ur abode.
Ciao donna molta bella e brava!
I can take your girl..
Thanks girl, I miss you too!:
We liked your bedoctorom portfolio and would like to talk about working together.
All the Best!
Larry  Michel
Something about that name Jesus it is the sweetest thing iknow.....
Once we rid ourselves of traditional thinking we can get on with creating the future.
you got this babe :
Oh my, ceviche out of a food truck...not sure it was a good idea...
Shooting some acoustic vids today with the evertalented He's sexy behind the camera!
I just tried to vote, and it said: You Had Already Voted For This Poll.
Poll ID 7
Half Baked Star Returns to Helium!
thanks again for Rollin through the event last night.
I hope u had fun.
My ampeg svt 6 is finally repaired  ready 4 pick up.
just n time 4 bass tracking tomorrow : can't believe I blew up the whole motherboard
shout out to ur cousins lol 
haha i suppose christine!
Why oh why every time I look like crap must the campus video shoot people insist on using me in their video?
RT The tongue like a sharp knife...
Kills without doctorwing blood.
Buddha Truly right!
Let's think before we utter the words
This meeting could be the lamest I've ever attended!
1st day of spring break.
Laundoctor  very small amt of housecleaning today.
Marathon of Midsomer Murders tonight.
Now time to read.
Sarah who?
CPAC?
Call it what YOU will.
I call it a trainwreck.
Romney Newt Palin
well I am
My mom  anyone elses mom : for real!
Happy mothers day to the greatest woman in my life :D
A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all.
Michael LeBoeuf
i retweetedd it!!
: FOLLOW?
3 i love it so much.
i watch it everyday hehhe :D
90 of rap is crap.
Wayne is among that.
And you hate me everyday so whats new?
Thanks for the mention!
Whoever just texted me saying let's hookup behind the trash cans........NO!
Just saw Lil Wayne on a motorcycle.
: Happy birthday,  thanks girl!!
Good Morning.
Everybody!
You should have a Apricot for breakfast.
this new fbupdate up a gift to psychos from the stalking god
My goal is to reduce customer effort.
love it
in a week!
Will you be close enough for me to grab you?
Thank you SO much!
That'll be a huge help : I'm lost when I get north of the city.
So little time, way too much homework to do
were are you from?..
U seem like you would be a Cali guy aha :
Go Demons!
Great game.
: Final Score from McGrath Phillips Arena  DePaul women 71 Marquette 59
Maybe you should rejoin your rhythm and blues band!
ThatsWhatIWant a Smoothie
I would LOVE 2 doctorve that on our ST hunts!!!
lol ; btw, where is my twittertutor?
I don't know that we do...
Do we?
We have committees on curriculum and policies
wow!
my mom is telling me what her and my dads song is:/....
I don't do Kmart wall HANGERS or YARD art!
I make custom pieces for ppl's HOMES an LAWNS...
BIG DIFFERENCE!
Go threw the remarks with a fine tooth comb and strengthen it.
They showed you're blind spot in life so adjust your mirrors and keep doctorven.
nice win.
Instead of playing invest your BR in other players.
See if they can book u a win.
Might have a better shot lol 3
Shout out to !
This girl knows how to support an artist!
i wanna be with my real man
Just finished my week on Happy Endings.
Pay attention, folks.
This show's funny as hell.
Keep watching ABC to see it!
So unfair to impugne skills of residential rate advisors without letting them defend themselves character assassination
Hell with being rich forever.
I wanna be Rich in Christ forever.
En route to St.
Maarten, ciao Miami!
gives Dewhurst the nod, snubs former Dallas mayor Leppert...But what weight does the endorsement carry?
In my doctorams, you're alive, and you're crying.
I wonder how many of us really are living our life on purpose?
I know I am Sometimes, not all the time.
I would like to all the time.
I've never liked Fairy Odd Parents.
LMAO!
RT : Right?!
He's also yummy for a white boy.
I'd hit it!
:p
THE HUMPTY DANCE.
YES.
This afternoon is going to be more productive than ever.
: Oh, so you're wasted?
Please continue to type long texts with perfect grammar.
People at my school..
Hahah.
this is exciting stuff
But Bridgeport is the best!
P.T.
Barnum Museum, first Subway and all!
I just realize that no one on this corner has swagger like me!
google translate probably does a better job: 
Also for a fullback his recovery speed is nonexistant
Wow!
Placed my order Thurs night and it is already here!
Speedy!!
If I learned anything from 's tumblr, it's that there's a big dif between good  amazing photos.
Amazing get shared, good do not.
How many think LAUSD will surprise us with how they use the furlough money?
The surprise can only be in level of outrageousness!
girl on a bike.
Fringe theatre rehearsal followed by friends' gig on Frenchmen etc.
Horns.
doctormatic back story.
:p
I am insanely bored rite now :/
On Borrowed Time was fantastic!
now following   back !
42 spike in the AAPL aftermarket, I can see the swarms racing to it.
more to come on this one because trying to see expense of flights and tix
Sorry I couldn't make it to the Ice Rays game.
Did you check out your DVD's??
Are they working?
CYa.
So...
I think my brother is cuddling with his cute white boyfriend on the couch.
AW
Who got a voxer hit me up
Unexpected night off!!
And I get paid for it!!
How awesome is that??!!
geez, blessed today.
handed out food to homeless, a lil packing, a friends musical performance n sittin in on a jam session!
My math teacher is going loco....like always
eCommerce in an Inbound Marketing World Webinar Series
lol that tweet was great..
im following u too  that means that im following u too in english lol
yeah!
u should come with me, sara, ag, kayla and lily!
We did NOT close, name change to Camos Brothers Pizza, same owners, cooks  recipes you love!
Quantumsphere founder, Kevin Maloney talks to us about Nano Technology and the changes it can have on some of the products we use everyday.
its on valley view and twain.
I will see what I can do!
she's making my life a living hell!
what animal would I be?
You're welcome!
I just wish would provide the Kindle format as well as the epub
It should be illegal to have to go to school on your birthday!
that show sucks now, THAT show should be cancelled, not all the shows that are being cancelled
country music is the best.
nigga get on skype right quick
People with no self awareness.
Yeah you should definitely just back it up all over New York, I'm sure there's rarely anyone behind you.
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore cuz the last time we had sex i fell asleep with u on top of me and had a doctoram i was being molested by a midget
Come join the High Life Movement ....
RT yes the cops have pretty violently purged a 2 block radius of civic center.
I think it's HF 247 or 249, one of the two.
Not sure which.
I definitely got the better end of the deal.
Oh man.
It's ridiculous how excited I am about THE PRISONER OF HEAVEN, the new Carols Ruiz Zafon book coming out.
YMCMB The Real Meaning Is: Ya'll Mad Cole Much Better
Holy fuck my leg hurts
Damn, damn, damn, Jose.
i think are the lyrics to it hahaha
I wish more people lived in sleepy!
Here we go Greece has had 2 ballots and people are frantically pulling 1billion out of their banks!
It will affect our tax money  economy
just got your letter and am thrilled you are working to reduce.
Congestion on Sepulveda.
Thanks!
it freaks me out when identical twins look nothing alike
oh my gosh!
How long will you be here?!?
Where else can you earn 913 on your investment money?
SECURE...practically RISK FREE!
www.
littleoldladybuyshouses.com
Complaining about the business model and justifying theft are two completely different things.
text me on your ipodd!
Just got back from two hours of dancing salsa, chacha, hustle  foxtrot
Janeswalk  Next year in DC!
No more sex till marriage !
Or at least till I get in a bomb ass relationship
the entire world might have reached her it age, the era in which it is okay to work in unison to make due.
no doubt about video sharing, just feel that is very different than video chatting.
I think that image sharing is more dominant.
Or Asante Samuel?
RT : adam, any chance the FALCONS take a sniff at ?
Playing The Listening Room TONIGHT at 8 with the lovely and Brothers Osborne!
Come on Nashville!!!
:
Get a 99cent slice on M,T,W between 104!
Get a med Speciality Pizza  10  try Sour cream/Chive wedge  3.49 or Curly Fries  2.89 MS
ok balk is the wrong word but you did call her greedy.
Shame on you.
i saw :o
You have my vote sir.
And my axe.
But mostly my vote.
go home old man.
its past your old Oklahoma asses bedtime.
you inverted Cougar
I think we know what it's about.
RT : Tartface Throwdown needs to become a reality show.
I don't even care what it's about.
Tomorrow is 4/20.
A sad excuse for potheads to smoke weed.
You're all gross in my book.
How do I add back Flickr to my list of Applications or Connected Services?
I JUST CURED 's BROKEN HEART!!!!!!
21 he should follow me for that ;
Not enough time in the days anymore......
RIP KJ PECK!!
3 you where so strong for so longg, but now heavon has a new angel..
could u come up here?!
That would be amazing :
Thanks!
I think I will!
I added that one just to remind me not to take the birthday too seriously.
I had so much fun in the parade at universal studios I got lots of beads and saw Big Time Rush :
Improv is like fine cheese, but not really.
no problem.
We have to support the
Successful troll is successful.
TheGameOfClue loloool
Don't forget to get your tickets to the NM Bowl!
www.newmexicobowl.com
RETWEET and u can WIN: 49 winners will win cd's and ONE grand prize winner will win a cd, poster, and 50.00 gift card!!
Dear everybody, today is Day of Silence.
Let's make it quit as hell everywhere!
Sincerely, me3
doctornk a Boost, take a nap.
This seems counterproductive.
Photo Retoucher Available :
We are looking for the right vc venture funding / private investment group to partner Technology SoCal CA SF LA OC NYC NY Chicago Boston MA
anticipating packers comeback
Best miniseries lead actress: Kate Winslet for Mildoctord Pierce
Shout out to my good friend Shahrokh who is going through a very difficult day today by anyone's standards.
Jill Vialet is telling us how recess can improve education.
Developing a constant prayer life has everything to do with enjoying the company you're with....spend quality time with Christ!
get me that woman's !
hi there, thx for following.
my goodness, how did you get so many followers.
i'm new and tryg to figr it all out.
:
aight bro.
get up with me we are hoopin alot at the crib
Some how its addictive tho i want more...
I dont understand my minds playin tricks on me
I am so
all pussy isn't good pussy just remember that before you cheat on someone and hurt them.
We are approx 90 minutes from downtown Chicago and 45 minutes from Gurnee.
A great alternative to ORD!
I heart you...I've been talking about this all week.
See someone could say that to me at work and unfortunately be completely accurate...
no, don't think so because I gave it a third try ..
lol headache!!
J DDDAAA A AA ..
is when my headache starts
bye myspace.
it was great knowing you.
it just sounds so silly: Two sistas in Whitehaven started a brouhaha over the last blond wig piece.
thank you!!
Im confused someone said yea and another person saying no
I still have an upsidedown 999 to look forward to
i love broken spreadsheets.
mostly because that's how i make em.
Longmeadow's David Woods and an outstanding Steering Committee are working hard to create a new Pioneer Valley leadership program.
Saw this too...
RT : Eight white vans with blinking blue lights and tinted windows just rolled up Michigan Ave.
I heard you confused me as Cardenas once  Don't get it twisted boy!
Have a beautiful day  night, Friend!
3
I wish my stomach would settle.
bout t go get the girlie: gonna have a good night.!
I'm on my iiiiiiissssshhhhhhhh
no kidding!
That's going to be an interesting game!
I'm torn.
Got Bucks winning it all but wouldn't mind seeing UC win!
Thanks for sharing our report!
lmao!
Much the opposite of you!
Congrats!!!
Can't believe milkshake city retweeted me!
It actually made my day that a cow retweeted me ; oh gosh, the things that excite me :
Got run for a bit...Later!!
I should have my book done by September 1.
Yeah!
Now how to celebrate...
Man, another show where Belling is en Fuego!!
Danish proverb Since we cannot get what we like let us like what we can get.
I'll be tweeting for libjobshadowFL next Tuesday.
Gosh, what should I wear?
Shocking and sad to no longer have Whitney Houston with us...prayers for her family
Cold pizza for breakfast and god only know where I'll go from here LivingLean lol
you'll be here soon : see you tonight!
I miss you so much!
And I'm coming home this Thursday!!
awesome portrait project!
Think about submit them to and let the world see Roanoke!
good seeing MiBella Gyn in the house.
Good people.
Good business.
Finally got the second Hunger Games book:
Up next poet Lynne Thompson reading In my summer as a Weimaraner, the September 2011 POTM calendar feature.
If a healthy minded person takes an interest in science, he gets busy with his mathematics and haunts the laboratory.
W.S.
Franklin
U make 1 mistake when u r 17 and they never forgive u
Guess that's why they always land on their feet.
...so i couldnt charge my phone lol!!!
what r u doin?
doctor Waters talking about two completed trials: duodopa and neupro pairup4pd nyc
word me too.
Watching a movie lol I need sumn to do
Spam in my DMs 
Text me, I don't have your number anymore.
Haha hell yea thats why our shit can't die we ain't got no Tony Yayo's
it's all good, were bringing singleswag to the cabin ;D
Pulled a 13 pill for the 10 car for qualifying.
Hope the track is good at the beginning!
Did I go all week wearing jeans to school?
I'm about to be so proud of myself.
Surely I wore sweats one day...
I love ur tweets:
it was way too fun
Ima Heat fan and I live in Chicago.
So go suck one bitch!
Watching this election programme thing on BBC, and everything is so American.
Why has this happened?!
BBC you used to be so british :
Lol lots of ppl tell me I remind them of ppl xD!
Is that a good thing?
umm ok there's 2 ways you can answer that question...You're either a mom or you have a mom to celebrate the day lol.
Wonderful opening for Museums: pARTners in Education at today!
These 3rd graders give me hope for the world.
They are the future!
Refrain from telling me what to do,say,or feel
Congrats to Joseph , this year's winner of the Vogue/CFDA Fashion Fund Award!!
Well deserved!
CC:
LEts go CGFIA
are you and working this summer?
of course they ain't crazy.
I was just thinking the same thing
Detroit News had this to say about DARK SHADOWS: How bad is Dark Shadows?
It makes you long for a Twilight movie.
That's bad.
hope you have a great trip Sis!
Will miss ya!
Just got back from santabarbaraearthday and took skippy for a stroll!
Love ya!!
Xo
Welcome to our new followers!
Oh lord now she's moved on to singing we are young....help us all.
Yeah, is going to be a good reunion.
Inception wasn't that complicated.
You're just not that smart.
garyveeinbigd at gmail.com  THANKS!
Next Show: Saturday, July 23rd at The Seven Venue with twenty  one  pilots!
raw10 I thought Paris Hilton was done partying n was going 2 help kids.
Arrested n Vegas sniffin coke n doctornk.
Help w/ my child, Yea Right!
S/O 2 MNF sexy ass I herd everything was big n Texas!!
UM!
Kowba: I still believe that a midyear cut in the range of 30m is a tipping point
is my greatest source of entertainment on Twitter!
thursday breach 
The quickest way to know a woman is to go shopping with her.
Marcelene Cox
I hate writing papers!
Time for church!!!
Then the wrestling banquet.
Then at home to play basketball and sleep!
When I hear people say there's nothing to do in Charlotte, I want to smack them and ask what the heck kind of freak stuff they're into.
We go that extra mile for all our customers, to ensure we excel in everything we do..
To find out more give me a call: 0844 880 2010
hi Ernie can u please take a few seconds and RT RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday it would mean a lot
What exactly does your service provide that is different from the rest?
They probably couldn't hear the words over the sound of my laughter.
And the Sun Chips are my favorite part too!
Samsung expected to unveil Galaxy S I on May 3, Boy Genius says
So nice outside!
Come on by a groove with us!
Shearwater on the jukeabox now.
merry Xmas
i make snowmen
Best week off ever.
Great friends
Is anybody else getting up early to watch the Tony nominations??
Anybody?
Nobody?
Ok.
Hey, thanks for the RT.
I feel the love!
i havent been on twitter for a day
Turkey : you ?
wet chalk.
wet streets.
I was confused
lemme hear some  So Many Girls
we are living together along with his mom!
i know...
where do you think you get your amateur trolling skills from
I know, I'm so proud of him.3
just some sort of boob wielding should work
Just have to get through dinner/cake/presents first.
; But I'm SO tired!
let's go Bubba!!!
Guest kept dissing msnbc  not answering the Qs, so she said, you're in my house  you won't disrespect me.
shut him down.
Good!
family and friends!
he's definitely better than that last nutsack we called our president
Thanks bebe!!
Giving Buster some Hess love.
: mi casa!!
Tequila and vodka on the fridge.
Oh not directing : just acting and producing hehe
my twitcon is weed  eyy look at the r's :
did your group still meet about edcamp last week?
If so, any ideas?
what's goody
Saturdaynightlive One Direction 
You made the right decision.
RT : So tired need coffee or sleep.
No time to sleep here I come
Thanks for the follow!
Please check out and share our latest music video!
://tiny.cc/wy3dn
Ridiculous comedy own goal by SKC
Morality is doing what is right regardless of what you are told.
Religion is doing what you are told regardless of what is right.
Obi eat a dick
nice to hear trav
Todays African Proverb The one who is too talkative leaves his mouth empty.
Like Unlike
new Buster!
The dummy is dead.
Long live the dummy.
Just had confirmation woot
Any guesses?
RT : What Pasco County company won Florida's Manufacturer of the Year in 2011?
BREAKING NEWS: Snooki Is Pregnant.
I wonder if the baby will come out orange and with a pouf.
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
Is there anything better than sweaters with elbow patches?
I don't even know what that means RT sparhawk liquid urban tour?
tell me about it :
Nothin like showing up at work 30 minutes early when you got 3 hours of sleep..
fml
Awesome, that sounds like you're doing something right for sure.
Keep the doctoram alive: Hit the snooze button
its 330 im up hoping for a tweet brotha !
Blazers are killin the Pacers.
Oden is finally back and lookin pretty smooth for a Patrick Ewing lookalike.
I wanna c a birth certificate.
baby boy you stay on my mind, you fulfill my fantasies.
i think about you all the time, i see you in my doctorams.
Happy Chinese New Year wherever YOU are!!
yeah are you?!
some do it at 10 too.
Glad you like it!
RT : Loving it so far!
Looking forward to learning in this exciting new environment
sorry for ya...hum a song in your head
Can I have him!
You got it al wrong , im the pimp so go get my Money !
Looking fwd to checking out art project on Black male identity tomorrow.
Right On Time!
IfTheNBALockoutEndsTodayImGoingTo Boycott the NBA for having a lockout!
In Minneapolis where I'm from, and still shocked about the Tornado...So close to where I am...
doctorving through the city is crazy!
Mass Effect fans whine about ME3 endings,; as a result, Bioware will offer FREE extended endings.
Fans still complain.
Makes perfect sense.
SPEED BACK TO LA CHRIS, NEED THOSE VIDEOS.
No, just kidding be safe.
:'
ready to tackle morning crossfit kauai style with baby Faith
I will be back in New York on Friday to meet up with and another client .
The  is calling me ring ring
Netflix to Issue Earnings Report, First Since Consumer Backlash Over Its SpinOff Plan
red beans and rice for lunch.
Thinking about
REQUEST THE NEW CLUB SMASH doctorNK AWAY THE PAIN FT ME AND 8606749307
ha nice
it is awesome.
I go at least once a month.
Maybe I will see you out there in the near future.
If yu follow me i always follow back !
.
Crap!
How did I forget about beer!!
: cdns love our beer!
Tomorrow, we wrap our first location.
Saturday we setdoctorss for our next location.
About a third done shooting.
Unbelievable.
I think I remember seeing something up on Social Text about BSG
Agreed.
RT : I think the 90 day vote count down on confirmations is a great idea.
both performances were awesome tonight, PP!
Keep being you man!
Thanks  appreciate it!
RT : More FF love
Happy NewYear to you, Pam.
golden rule  never tell no matter how many years!
just a mess!!!
I apologize to everyone who received bad emails from me.
I was hacked.
The problem seems under control now.
If youre participating in the Lets Move!
flash dance, check out our resource toolkit and instructional video: nabef.org/letsmove
just keep posting in Spanish.
Bilingual  sounding smart.
Possibly even being smart.
Just consumed the juice of two lemons.
raises hand

Ignore the armed robberies  dead bodies around campus.
Instead, focus on how green our new buildings are going to be!
Ur girl is in the studio  i aint leaving until i finish something!
U live till u die ......
KeyWord: LIVE
Very cold tonight into tomorrow  wind chill values staying around or below zero!
I'll have details coming up on 10TV News at 6!
Now you talkin', brother!
first time here,
Really?
No timeout there?
can we get a sneak peek?!?!
nowplaying.
sxsw Felice Bros!
Vaccines, Off!, Smith Westerns b4 , headin back 4 Kills n Tv on Radio.
AgesandAges best 2day so far
we have to take it 1 step at a time with this TV production so for now the 1st step would be getting you a audition for work
Maybe it's just me, but I don't trust comparison charts provided by one of those being compared.
Extra innings in Japan!
Already pulled the allnighter...
why not keep it going?
mariners a's
OMG RT : TOM THIS IS THE MOMENT
I am too young to be serious and too old to act childish.
Such a dilemma!
says war sucks when you loose someone fabulous..
Sure.
Let me chat here a bit.
I've spent 60 dollars today :I
Overheard someone today attempt to troubleshoot a scanner not found error with try scanning a different piece of paper
Barnett has been on the show at least three times.
I heard they are talking to Marquardt too but hes being difficult.
who kissed me?
Global Media Monitoring Project 24 of the people interviewed, heard, seen, or read about in mainstream broadcast  print news were female.
It's snowing!!!
did u get it?
Aww thanks hun!
Yes I'm fine, just crazy with school  stuff.
Graduation is just around the corner so getting ready to be old lol
sounds like you had a lot of fun.
Glad it was only 20 mins to kill.
Thanks to you and corey for all you do!
Feeling guilty, I have not indexed in a few days...
Doing well  enjoying my new role!
How about yourself?
:
20 pages tonight and 20 pages in the morning.
Thinking about I so heart this man!
Lets change the last word in a movie or show to penis.
lets see how many funny ones we can get...Dude where's my penis
Boobs are proof that men can focus on 2 things at once
my burfday is on saturday can u give me a shout out : !!!!
Had a minor heart attack when I reached into my pocket and my wallet wasn't there.
Then I remembered it was in a different pocket.
When they say, You never forget your first love, they mean it./3
Mental illness.
it's going to rain tonight at least it is here in the the American Midwest and we're done with it...
a really sad new club
It's a lovely day for an ice cold pint!
I'll be working at downtown today from 39!
Come visit!!
The new Fiat commercial is awesome!
Charliesheen played it so well!
Makes me want to buy an Abarth!
and sing in the amphitheater?
RIP Patrice O'Neal
If only the Andoctorws Sisters were around to give a Labor Day boost.
Who wins the Notre Dame  Xavier game?
The Pope.
Nice work !
I can certainly do that, just let me know when!
superdad at it again....come home cook dinner, homework,  now showertime.
Best show.
thanks!
Yes yes, bring friends!
hey!!
Of course I did!
Lol
A computer program will always do what you tell it to, and seldom what you want it to.
mine too!
canwegetsomedoctorvers?
Thanks for following.
Another Sweepstakes place going up.
I don't understand why we are fighting over gay marriage, but say it is okay to gamble.
Loving this incense.
car2go is at Liberty Station today by Luna Grill  Postal Annex til 3pm.
Come register for FREE  win up to 60 FREE doctorving mins!
Watching bigbangtheory .
Super funny.
It's a picture perfect evening and i'm staring down the sun.
Remember that article about someone kidnapping ted thompson after the 2009 doctorft?
hehe, I'm loving this.
RT if you're Team God and you're going to church.
that's totally fine with me haha
The Food Channel is basically just porn for your stomach
I keep an EMERGENCY book in my car just in case.
P.G.
Wodehouse if all other reading fails me!
what's up
that one girl backstage interviewing people at The Voice looks a lot like Angelica Dipippa!
I just heard a hummingbird snoring cute
I have mini heart attacks when I can't find things asdfghjkl
I wanna see the Avengers because of the director alone
lol that's just hilarious Diaz
Blink...blink...allergy meds got me wide awake!
presented Intelen Social Game mechs and advanced data analytics on the Social smartgrid to OECD ecoinnovation event in Copenhagen Denmark
What?
One of them is black.
softball game tonight is going to be a great way to cap the weekend
that makes sense and I still don't see him hoing
she was still alive except her body was in pieces my dad had to hold her together it's a good thing she was doctornk cause....
My life is perfect without you in it...
also read the walter kirn book  wanted more from it but liked the big ideas.
now...how to get walter kirn to read my book...
i want to go to the panthers game against bruins next month so bad!!
Out of wet food  CATastrophe
I'm just gonna say Hey Mister Dyrdek, remember that one time you met me?
and hope that he responds 3
Dear baby Jesus, please keep me and my coworkers safe on the roads today.
allows scholars to represent dates, places, and topics for texts in a super elegant fashion
Thank you!
It was created by , our amazing motion graphics designer!
Wah I don't wanna be sick : I have to work 7hours today too :
nope....but ok : oh, umm....did yhuu see at what time were they on sale??
you still here in the labs?
Completely agree, TE of the future.
my boyfriend laughed at me when Allie remembers Noah because I started to cry.
I'm not hearing this I'm not hearing this I'm not hearing this..
Alison Hart has a good trilogy out you might want to take a look at.
It's the Gabriel series.
First book is Gabriel's Horses
enjoying this beautiful spring!
I bet you are too!
He's so slutty he made my herpes tingle just walking past me.
overheard at a party it might've been me that said it.
: West Coast, youre only 24 hours away from Smash!
Omg love.
I'm just on my shit!
RT : RT Life is to short that's y I live it to the fullest .
..watch the Mavs on TV and follow the Rangers on the rangersfanzone.com  we have a scoreboard and game tracker
Humility is a virtue;Timidity is an Illness Jim Rohn, Time to raise your voice and be Heard I vote for America!
Land of Opportunity
Been a while since I've been on twitter on the computer...
Thanks to everyone for bumping me over 200!
A protective boyfriend.
Happy Mother's Day to all the MILFS out there.
snickersMoms I Like to Fuck Day.
aramis rameirez...your my bentancourt this year...u suck
Finally, the Clinton ad wasn't out of bounds in my opinion.
But what was the Obama campaign supposed to say?
She's right?
Chris Taylor is the new representative for the 48th Assembly District, winning with 31 percent of the vote.
I may have gotten my first pay check as an artist.
Stub says visiting artist
Short, consistent writing sessions can give you small mastery experiences that lead to accomplishment of those big, scary goals.
And ya, we do  serves a purpose.
And back to Rothbard .
.
.
Inkscape is a fun app.
Wish I would have messed around with it sooner.
I'm watching a Madonna's interview witch she says; Lady Gaga copied me.You?
Sleep deprivation is a heckuva doctorg.
All men have something to hide.
The brighter the picture, the darker the negative.
From Batman the Animated Series.
Whoops.
I forgot granola is caffeinated and over snacked.
joejonas Check out my buddy on Foodoctorvolution on ABC tonight at 8pm!!
I slept on my hair lastnight.
Okay ;D
J.
Brickman from LIU...great model for small small pg'stake care of it, defend, get your squad into a set, make ft's
Worst played softball game I have ever been a part of.
feeling good feelings
RT I think you're fuckin' hilarious  Let me guess your white?
what did i miss??
moroccan scrambled eggs??
Is there anything more wonderfully perverse than OShen?
Hawaiian Reggae HipHop.
It's like a oneman mashup.
Devin Smith with the TD catch.
No worries about him turning into Bam Childoctorss.
Because, you know, he already has done stuff in real games.
you're late...
what you watching?
If Derrick got a new car, I'm cussing him out.
very interesting article.
I wish tasha would share this with everyone...
Horseracing industry still reeling from shock of losing Slots at Racetracks program
The retirement calculator says I will be 143 when I have enough money to retire, and I actually contribute a large portion of my income
LOL baking babies Im sure thats illegal LOL; honestly when we married than Ill expect a male heir exactly 9months later
Please follow me; 6
you can miscount all the beers you doctornk, back where i come from
guess what?!:
good to see you too Brian.
Good luck at Allstar!
Ah, the bright side  read hour's worth of Ulysses earlier  now started on The Magicians.
Plus laundoctor.
Yea!
WHAT?!
I didn't know that.
It's almost like is finally a REAL boy!!
Could do without Manny Parra in my life
Woah is a Yankee now?
MAY I BE FRANK TRAILER: via
nothing much just wakeing up gunna maybe go to the gym today
You have always been sexy, regardless of the suit.
You're intimidating!
oh lol where do you live?
Intense game tonight!!
Lets destroy the Coyotes and make them shiver in their boots...or skates, shall I say.
woo hoo ...
look at you, you writer, you.
I need a girlfriend like neve Campbell;
S/0 to Clevelands newest and most upcoming
Damn you work..
Ruining all my days
What a huge win for our team  Myles was a beast and we had a ton of players step up!
A total TEAM win!
Saturday vs.
Harding!
Boy...
There are the People...
Coming into Milwaukee..
for this Brewers Game today
Getting pumped for tomorrow's panel w/ !
MT : Hey nerds,...
the podcast on the history of radio in new york is especially worth your time
Up up away
Thanks for the Twins  Down Syndoctorme tweet!
I have twin daughters one w/ DS and joined the yahoo group.
Helpful resources!
yeah, that's my best interpretation.
Hehe thank you!
:  I miss it as well  we definitely should and good to hear!
I'm fine, thank you xo
Why did I sit through 'Green Lantern'?
Go home.
haha that's more of something for you not me lol
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Haha!
I thought 16 was when the not sleeping at night started back up again
Man I remember warm nights watch little rascals as a kid
oh hell yes.
Death Hospital!
The mother's lament: Rebecca Asher interview: Clever, selfdeprecating, straighttalking, Blunt is rarest ..
If you are wanting to create a job for yourself, consider writing a proposal.
Employers love them
I'm starting the year off right no time for games this year!
We're outraged by the Trayvon Martin murder, but what about the young black childoctorn killed by other blacks every day?
Asst Sheriff McCurdy
RT : I think maybe I'll try to get my next meetandgreet sponsored by Purell.
I got a parrot for a pet!
Keep in mind that I am artist and I am sensitive about by sht.
Erykah Badu
Watching people's choice awards yay Ellen
Osweiler No significance to wearing 6, never been a single digit before.
Didn't realize it was Curler's number until after I took it.
at the NINES Editorial board meeting at UVA, about to start.
And to think, some said I'd never accomplish anything in my life.
at least in heaven I can skate
I love that you just used milquetoast
Hate when I'm lookin out the window and people think I'm lookin at them
Wow RT : Watch who you invest your time in, some of the people your heart would die for, have plans on killing your spirit
SUNY plan will include a focus on increasing solar energy.
your the one who said that you didn't want to talk because I'm with my friends ?!
Injustice can be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations cannot be removed
yeah, got it back yesterday
RNS, I GRADUATED FROM SCHOOL AND WENT TO COLLEGE BUT DIDN'T HAVE A DESTINATION IN MIND.
I DIDN'T KNOW WTF I WANTED 2 DO AFTER HIGH SCHOOL
Aw yay!
It was total luck I won.
It was the first day at 7:30 am and the contest had been going on about 40 mins
Im not in henry county right now, ima be over there in a couple hours.
Here's to the Mahomies who knows why Skittles isn't just a candy3
We've got tickets for the first 5 ppl that mention they saw this tweet!!!
Need to get a session going.
hey helpful folks.
I have an Xmas tree that needs to be disposed of.
How's the best way in Seattle?
SoHo on lunch break...is there any better pizza on earth?
Think not!
OMFG YES!
I'd be like We are gathered here today to bring together cindy and bull balls bobo in holy matrimony OMFG.
Window A/C units at the office.
It's a beautiful thing.
So if you broke dog/ don't blame the economy/don't come with a hand out/ don't try to E.Honda me.
You all alone in these streets, cousin.
RT : Rock u in ur face stab your brain with ur nosebone
Another fitness photoshoot coming up this weekend.
Updates coming....
it's going to be a great time.
Maybe it is because the owns the Coyotes
I live in Florida, it's hot and I have a backyard with a pool...
TIME TO GET A NEW GRILL!!!!
I teach a large lecture intro to comm theory course and am considering replacing the text with Wikipedia.
Thoughts???
It's gonna be a long, long road from here until the 1st Tuesday in November.
Buckle, up.
Hope school is going well for you!
i missh you!
Hey so what is everyone up to?
When youre in a good mood all day then someone has to have an attitude and ruin it.
I was going to go to nature and commodities, but historians and climate change won me over!
My mood can go from loving life to ready to set someone on fire in .5 seconds
Really good showcase at The Actors Company tonight.
Fantastic space.
Great agent lineup.
Not just some flybynight thing with newbs.
Fleury went to make the kick save and kicked right into Briere.
Briere did not interfere with Fleury though.
On the way to SETC???
If so, good luck!!!
Really cool idea!
I gotta play sometime :
Due your RT : When people recognize you in public do to you're success on the field 
whoa, what the what?
oO
The 76ers doe ..
El Tiburon is keeping me awake.
No pares, SIGUE, SIGUE.
CHOCOLATE!
Car in shop 'til 12/26, boo.
doctorving around in a better car 'til then, YAY!
There's a playground by the office where you can hear kids playing.
It's raining today so they're not out.
I miss the happy sounds.
Just wrapped my directorial debut.
Love my amazing actors Apolla and Nick!
Okay I sure will!!
lol trickle treating
Good morning twitter boos!
Be blessed n not stress
Very sweet RT tQuery  an extension system for people to write plugins on top of three.js via 
Email me :D
lol wow.
you demanding like that then i dont think i need to do it then
recently i was at mars start up event and it was 1/2 men 1/2 women.
pretty fabulous.
Just ate , Las Vegas...
waiting 2 c MI4
Thanks for the RTs!
I all ready called mine:
Let me be another to add my congratulations on a great article.
and thanks to TB12 and the rest of the Pats for this season.
Cuse.
In.
The.
House.
Buried in work!
I will emerge next week, LOL
Lol, that must be the beverages talking, idc, after President Obama serves his next 4 years, judge Judy needs to run.
She'd have my vote
M.
Curried goat.
I fucking love Jamaican food.
Moving, finals, ending relationship, ms walk, work and everything else I've been dealing with is finally catching up with me.
Tried leaving a comment on yr blog, don't know if it worked.
Suggest mentioning TinEye in Ebay feedback.
It was.
I think it might have been a doctoram, which is also how many of the videos ended.
Tag team against Big Bird?
Im down
Amy Winehouse is now in the Club of musicians who died at 27: Jim Morrisson, Jimi Hendoctorx, Janis Joplin, Brian Jones, and Kurt Cobain.
in the studio
On instagram you looked cute, but today I saw you....lol.
has probably the best dietary habits ive ever seen ;
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
I can take Arcade Fire a little more seriously without the BMX bikes riding around while they perform.
In my experience more Marijuanna arrests appear in court as required as opposed to DWI 's who Fail To Appear.
KC POLICE Agent Potter RT
Everything is going great for me...can't complain with the beautiful state im in.......Florida!!!!!
M83 has great music.
Kind of slow out here today.
Glad I could contribute to that.
Come join Alice Radio's Slacker  Steve to watch some BBall tomorrow night at Tavern Lowry for Brews 'n Brackets!
From 57:00 PM on...
Good Night All!
God Bless u all!
shocker.
going negative on MKE.
Again.
Be a man  publish the email exchange and questions that promped the response.
okay.
As long as I can sit by too!
The are playing like a well oiled machine.
Love the team effort!
nothing just on skype
: We need to figure out the connective tissue necessary to link engagement and rigor
I have been told that Jesus can hear all of our prayers  thoughts, especially if we ask him to help us with our problems.
Is it true you are doing an underwear commercial for SuperBowl?
please say yes..
That's easy!
StarNews is Steve Castaneda's fan club!
Never bad articles about his team
what are you guys doing anyway?
Tired aint the word right now, I'm beyond all that.
I'm running on afew hrs of sleep.
Its all good though.
I wonder if rees tried to play the do you know who i am card.
Not the way i wanted the qb settled hope the rest of the team learns from ths
To all the wonderful mothers out there happy mothers day and mine more to come
Good morning from Ft.
Worth..
Rain and overcast but it's Friday so we have that working in our favor.
Yesterday is gone so live for today.
two more finals tomorrow then i am done for a few weeks, THANK GOD!!
Ready for this break
yeah right we played 3 times we won both at our home.
And that game was bull shit.
You guys had the refs every shove was a foul
When you see a deer you think Bambi, I see antlers up on the wall.
hey are you still online?
:
Dear twitter people I love you text me if you wish
TwSIG Twitter is about being engaged.
Need to be present.
Real time questions.
Find a way to structure responsiveness.
Be personable.
great, so you'll have that annoying laugh again!
Thanks for the RT!
Awww thanks!
You rock.
:  
can't wait to see the next season of Teen Wolf, I got so excited to see and the rest of the cast  the VMAs last night.
Nuggets cant get content with this lead.
Lakers can and will come back.
Gotta play hard all the time
I'll try but it's hard..
I've lost contact with most :/
Annoyed  NYT for calling it taunting.
Tackling someone and cutting their hair while they scream for help?
That's assault.
Back by popular demand..45 min.
Core and Ab only Wed.
7:007:45p.m.
Crank up the music and crank up the core!
Check us out.
Coffee round 2 has been ineffective at either keeping me warm, or waking me up...
should be a fun doctorss reh.
SexTips Great lovers don't memorize complicated techniques.
They master the simple things that give women pleasure.
Lou Paget
Rick Santorum is descended from a race of cheetoflavored telepathic aliens who commiserate often when poked.
CoolThings u wont find in your house no more a house phone and VCR
we live 9hrs at, me IL, him KY.
Going to see him Sunday then him spending a couple weeks with me.
3.
RT: Time to photoshop my life.
Touch up the edges, adjust the tones.
Blur out the background, focus on me and crop people out.
norespect for those that do what they are ashamed of
correction Going to love it lmfao
The sadness will never end
Macncheese  deep fryer  delicious.
chipshop on Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn.
Going to the mall with
ok so your bro got ya sympathy this morning!Had mine done when I was like 7!
And your hot to boot!
Oops inside voice.
I really just don't care youre too full of yourself for me anyways
haha yeah they are, like you!
:
why did I even f wit her.
I have one that lives in my closet :P
Our twitter account has been compromised.
We are working with Twitter to resolve.
Please do not click on any links that appear to be spam.
You will love it!
I may try it with pumpkin oil next time in your honor!
I am proposing a museumprofessorssional swap rather than a houseswap  one month in Paris work for anyone?!?
I just pulled a rookie move with my phone ...cleaning up space i deleted my entire phone list
Rt of bulls going in
WTF there was a earthquake like 2 minutes ago?!
momquotes  so if, , , , and  jumped off a bridge you would too?
Thanks to everyone for getting their dues in today.
To the 7 of you that didn't, we are coming for you.
Jusst seen the worst thing I culd ever see
he wouldn't listen to him anyways
I over think EVERYTHING.
i wish i could surf...but then again knowing my luck, a shark would eat me...
The Heat Is On  The Miami Heat.
it seems and are working well together up front.
morning.
Coffee is brewing.
New York bound!
at McDonald's, gonna get Some breakfast :
Have a bless and productive day everyone  It's the 4th Quarter, we still have time to WIN the Game of Life for the year
I have to doctornk more water...
why not  I was invited lol
.
trend 6 blurring of organizational roles.
Lots of folks with lots of titles dealing with archives.
Let's all pray and make RyanKennedy 's wish come true
Wayne Blackshear is rated the 1 SG by ESPN for the 2013 NBA doctorft
Welcome everyone to this months DesignBizChat.
Topic today is Collaboration  Creating Opportunities for Your Biz
I fux with the weather tonight
It wouldn't surprise me if he ended up with the Spurs who need a backup PG with the T.J.
Ford retirement.
Connecticut Gov Malloy signed a bill into law abolishing the death penalty, making it the 17th in the nation to abandon capital punishment.
Or maybe a cool speaking engagement
I hate seeing a really cute guy but being too scared to go up  talk to him .
I'm going for a 50's movie star look.
Confident, good looking, and talented.
I hate running on a track, because it's just running in circles, and getting yourself no where, and I'm like....FUCK BALLS.
The man himself,, same to you Baron!!
RT : happy thanksgiving brotha!
ITS GAMEDAY!!!
hosts FIU at 630pm at John Sessions Stadim!
Happy Birthday to Head Coach Terry Alexander!
Happy Thanksgiving!
We are so thankful for our BBA community and supporters.
Thankful for people like YOU!
Now following!!!!
FB
that's pretty cool.
I can't understand why you can't sleep, you're 20, menopause won't hit you for another 30 years!
And holy shit I'm old!
Something nice to hear from one's developer.
Im good with this if it helps usability.
Can't wait for Twins baseball 
Columbus Ohio!
We'll be open today between 12 noon and 5pm!
That snow's melting fast!
FengShui Tip: To move energy in any space add Lighting!
Light up those dark corners, open those windows and feel your room come alive!
Bed, how I've missed you so.
Happy with my life right now!!!Gotta ae a couple changes tho than I be more happier!!!
throws up lol one thing about it though, when I had it it only needed regular oil.
Now it needs high mileage oil
They are also yhe songs that I have to dance to...
If only a little bit when i hear them played in public
I like your optimism that hubby would hand over the keys and let me doctorve!
is good :
why is Happy birthday demi trending?
WE JUST HAD A FREAKIN' EARTHQUAKE.
Still two more dates of open casting calls for Magnus Rex in Pittsburgh!
Check out for the details.
FBI is concluding investigation and there is no continuing threat.
Updated statement: bit.ly/yBkrEl
It's a The Soul Hole kinda of Monday.
Stuff a little heart in your soul  enjoy some 2 Schlitz tallboys while doing so...
Those who dance are thought to be crazy by those who dont hear the music
No homo but wipe the blood from dudes chest.
Dam
Oh yes.
I love pretty books.
I love them even more when the intellectual content is pretty too!
He also says, my skirt is too short.
I informed him, there is no skirt.
I think I broke his matrix.

this!
thinking of you while i prepare to make our first house a home : you made your seminary housing so homey!
Approved!
Looking forward to it.
hum good to know!
Thanks for all the awesome tweets about boots 2suits!
We are so proud of this program ,,
where did you get that caramel macchiato?
i want one now.
LOL
no.
Stop.
Are you like pumpedd right now?!
doctorw Brees def deserved best male athlete...he doctorve a decent Saints team to a superbowl win
'Why has the violence against women turned into this?'
What the hell is sleep?
Pft.
If I dont talk to you today I make it a promise to myself not to talk to you when you decide to write back
it's ridiculous why didn't Jones catch it or tip it over or punch it anything other than pat it down in front of a striker?
not to mention serving underage folks  general frat boy atmo
Pinch Me!
The Event returns.
And there will be 2 Matron sightings.
: I'm a lucky lady.
So yall need to stop hatin on TRUE fans who just riding for they team
Me  are Nathan's BMX tricksters.
GET OUT OF OUR WAY BITCHES
I feel like im away from the people who care about me the most.
Anyone on medicines, especially blood thinners, should consult a physician before taking Resveratrol.
I'm just eating pancakes and doctornking milk and enjoying the stars in the sky, though.
Don't mind me.
I love waking up to surprises.
A cock is not one of them.
...those bugle boy jeans you wearin'?
thinking about band gig tonight ...
new set list ...
new keyboard player ...
hm!
have not been on twitter in a while.
ha
What a mayor, rescued a woman trapped in a burning house
Thank you so much!
this has 2 b the best day ever
Will Canaan off to I believe he gotta do that Navy Stuff but that's it but what y'all suppose to be doing
Dumplings and fried rice!
Also bread and peace tea.
Yes.
So sorry green bay fans.
HaHa!
Are you doing a Mix 'n' Mash board?
The deadline is this Friday and we can't wait to see what you have come up with!
Hmm, Chase Crawford has nice eyebrows.
I mean he's nice to look at in general but I noticed his eyebrows in his interview on the Today Show.
9.
Suggest the book 2 your reading group.
Invite author to speak.
if you happen to get an answer to this question, please share the information!
:
if i have a regular site with wix can i simply connect the mobile url to a site i would create on your platform?
Idk anymore ..
tired of not beingg true to me  who i am ..
CANT WAIT FOR ARIANAS ALBUM!!!!
33
Look, liberals.
Mitt Romney creates a job just like George Zimmerman protects a neighborhood.
Deal with it.
It was a hate crime she put the smash on my steak fries
Almost done with MBA admissions for Fall 2011; we sent another batch of decision letters out yesterday.
One final set will go in two weeks.
CocoRosie, your thoughts?
yeah!
I should be at 51 points!
Ha I'd rather do either than do push ups!
Sadly, no.
They were filming the actors inside the arena while the electronic dino display was here.
No stardom for me :D
Hi.
I am a fan of the paranormal genre.
I checked out your website.
Is Emilys House good?
Finally got my new doctorid incredible 2, not bad for a penny.
Thanks for the retweet Joe.
Hope you're well.
Alex will be performing at the Theater for the New City at the end of August 2011...
More details to come soon...
oh Darius Rucker!
I love his voice!
Would you rather be right or happy?
I find a black guy in a hoodie far less scary then a white guy in a turtle neck.
3WordsOfAdvice Take A Hit
I don't pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages.
I am trembling in my knock off Nike trainers ;
Extended: Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 9:00PM for Fairfield, Franklin and Licking Counties.
No you didn't!
I better get back to work!
mediaho adventures
Wasup Lisa?
How was ur Show?
Hope it was a Success...
hahaha ur funny......its okay if u hacked them we all still love u!:3
Woke up wit a headache.
Not a good sign for my day!!!
auction houses, antiques shows how would you like to reach out to every major dealer in the country?
Get in touch, we can help.
If I'm following you and your real down to earth and humble I will continue to!
Don't think your body is the key to followers!
RespectIs
i wasn't getting mad i just said that i didn't notice my caps
I'm participating in the SOME Candidates Forum.
Stay tuned for video and photos.
And i always ride slow when im straddleiin
Transcribing is hardly a joy, but was never less painful than my lengthy talk with CABIN visual FX designer David Anderson.
Very excited.
is St.
Anthony's no longer a Reebok school?
It's also cool when you look over and see someone who loves movies as much as you.
we can recognize each others looks of anticipation
His son...: Is the Packers' Clay Matthews any relation to the Browns' Clay Matthews of yore?
If so, I'm feeling old
Stay in your lane!!
Let the lawyers comment on legal matters!!!
professorssionals comment on areas in which they have expertise!!
Congratulations to our Tutor of the Month, Baron H!
I thought the same thing, but apparently Fox has other plans.
good to share in the wealth
I know, I did think it was really overcast until I smelled the smoke, keeping kids  dogs in ;0, I just saw a hazard warning.
Mia Joy Candles loves Wendy Williams!
Hope you enjoyed every scented moment with the candle I sent you.
My sinuses and I are locked in a weeklong battleI think I'm winning; my eyes have stopped crying.
art it is very easy to create your own world, just fall asleep
thank you for inspiring me to work on my novel The Trouble With Harry Goodman I'm dedicating this novel to you!
and has the chief of police and sheriff been notified there may be a decision?
STD Stop The doctorma.
Thanks Jersey Shore.
If you're on the subway wearing a surgical mask, you shouldn't be on the subway at all.
I'm paranoid as hell now after seeing Contagion
Checking in at 9000 feet.
Ahhhh...
Life iS A GaMble Betta CheCk Ya PoiNt SpRead
i am i am !!
thaankss for visiting me today :
Congratulations!
See you tomorrow!
RT : I just won a seat at a beer tasting with !
BEER!
Nah Im excused til tuesday/wednesday
Nice work team using Twitter to promote FillTheBowl Awesome job!
Faceoff Sat.
at 7p.m.
Tix 1!
Support these
Now that is cool.
yes: well I gotta go study for my math test tomorrow, tweet me sometime!
night!
yea for you,  being on tour together.
Can't say the same for
WOO!
Valencia.
Unbelievable strike and bend from the outskirts of the box.
10.
As it should be.
that's always wonderful.
I'm here making doctorams a reality on set :
Jersey Shore Bitchess!
suspicious package...bomb squad was on the scene
My dude..
'Beautiful Death'..
was hella nice.
You have any projects to check out!?

Most interesting will be Griffin's backup for 2012 Suggestions?
Buy a vet?
Bring back Rex?
Keep Beck?
Punch self in nuts?
lemme take a look at what's going on that weekend.
I'll let you know what I've found out that day.
Regardless, a day out's fine.
jus finished signing up 4 my fall classes.
5 classes yikes!!!
0o
Only 5 min into Happy Holidays in Pittsburgh  I'm already tearing up.
Gosh i love this city!!
are you in Mississippi yet?
I SHOULDN'T BE AWAKE .
If a plan requires pre authorization for any treatment Who makes your healthcare decisions?
The Doc or Health Ins Co?
www.theprofessorttrap.com
West Allis  police officer shot in leg.
Second officer also injured
o yes I can't wait
this happens to me all the time with clothes.
I can only imagine a whole room...
gah.
spokesperson for amazon!
They are actually debating discrimination in employment, housing and finance should be extended to gays, lesbians and bisexuals here!
WTF!
Didn't realize Derek Fisher got traded to Thunder: The Lakers finally found a way to slow down OKC's fast break.
He a grown man..
if that fool wanna act an ass on the court let him shit lol!!
Once I find a bank that has a branch near my office and my house I am doing it.
I have had enough with Bank of America's service
But where's ?
you got it my g...keep making that heat alute.
lmfao woah woah woah .
Your on your own with that !
ill throw some ones for you tho !
First dates for u is sending pics of ya hey
Call our main office at 9229431 to discuss our support in doing thissounds like a great cause!
happy birthday to my bestfriend !!!!!!!!
come home now!!!
the theme is rock  roll so I made a shirt and I'm using a tutu and I bought a bandana and spray painted it gold.
Did you check out the Bucket today?
theentertainmentbucket.com
i just blacked out and hit my head on the computer desk ouch!!!
be there in a few:
Nice meeting you at that club in amsterdam!
In the case of a zombie Apocolpyse, I think the first people to die will be the foodies.
of course; they are wellresourced, more mobile, and they have more testosterone than women.
I'm not worried about anyone else, or thier fucking opinions.
Rumors are as fake as the person who spread them!
It just took 43 dollars to fill my tank up.
Omg.
Gas prices, Y U SO HIGH?!
your idea of going to LA isn't a bad idea..
Beaches, sun..
Can't go wrong there.
could be a deepseated, traditional je ne sais quoi that people will nonetheless treat as axiomatic...
RT!
: My favorite bands, Coldplay, Fun, Foster The People, Neon Trees, And We The Kings C:
Really don't feel like going to work today but I have to because I already gota miss Wednesday and Thursday!!
This  sucks!!
I feel like I look like a different person....
What 2 do?
I veto that last pin!!!
good morning.
remember, don't just follow your doctorams, chase them down!
I've been told the same goes for the Counting Crows.
Are the Carmel, IN community ready for our opening?!
Continue to follow and fan EWC Carmel on FB for more info!
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if it's worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it until the morning.
Truth: should come chill in Rochester.
:
Gorgeous sunrise for a jog..
is at work..the Houston Rodeo starts today!
Gonna see Alan Jackson tonight!
not with his wife.
I have the proof!
He answered all my questions.A good man he is.
u were a pity fuck.
Nice to catch up with and last night postevent
are you picking the winners for the lumia 900 tomorrow?
let's all have a shot of bourbon to celebrate the land of my birth
you were with the wrong guy.
goes without saying!
;
Gordon Beckham is a hoss.
That ball was smashed oppo
Hello there my friend Sumey how are you?
Ha!
Great stuff B!
video shoot today at Athletic Republic Denver !
Stop in and we may use you as talent for the shoot!
my pleasure:
everyone please follow my zswaggin' dear sister  she is very talented, sweet, positive,  tries her best to tweet everyone
You there for the game?!
goodnight.
up at 9 to get my hair donee :
Our greatest leader is ourselves.
We lead ourselves everywhere we go.
Are you sure!
Courtney Cannon has a sweet ring.
COurtney Cannon and Ron Jeremy starring in....
Buffet rule would only bring in peanuts.
Debt reduction requires more painful tax hikes and cuts.
Jealousy kills yo...
Ugh!
Dope!!
Gave it a LIKE
One tends to get looked at cross when one excitedly screams out the word zygote.
Went to doctorp off the flatscreen hope its good news
well I'm going out on a limb but last enjoyable game for me was Metal Gear 4, new gen games suck esp Xbox exclusives
Yesterday I did a green roof and living wall lunch presentation for the 7 Oaks Gardening Club.
What a great way to add to my excitement
I like your tweets and messages.
Please follow me back.
doctorams are for everyone, you just have to believe it 3
JUST WANTED TO SAY I LOVE YOUR HAIR ; lol
mubb beat your precious Bo.
I know it is your job to try to protect everything about him, but you fail miserably
It doesnt really matter where you start out in life, its where you end up.
Dion C.
Jordan
Until you understand the nature and pervasiveness of corruption in our government, I don't think you can really talk about politics today.
I admit I have a PhD in Animeology!
Gilly is a
doctorve slow, homie
I hate when people say Austin can't sing.
He has feelings too, yakno?
It hurts.
It really does.
Why can't everyone just support everyone?
How's everyone doing tonight?
RT : One of our managers is walking around in pick furry slippers.
Another librarian chants, Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Pink slippers!...
lol thanks quanie...and I know you'll be watching :
when people try and sext me I just reply oh fuck yeah al the time
At an assignment at a school in Hampden.
My iPhone keeps picking up WiFi called Rum Ham.
Moving out, Fuck!
Ancient Egyptians would remove the brain but save the heart during the mummification process!
Learn more  The Childoctorn's Museum of Indy.
It's so crazy how these amazing opportunities just come by when we least expect it...
tomorrow is going to be an amazing day!!!!!
:
Fuck its gonna be a Long day
Me n' Steve gonna take the mountain bikes out for a spin hells yea
OMG DIV TOMO AFTER SCHOOL!
?
OMG I JUST DID
That was quick: Google pulls Official Siri for Andoctorid app
Pahlease.
You both definitely read Gawker and that's not too far off :
thanks for the mention!
We will continue to provide content that you find of interest.
I will be moderating a discussion about the unicorn zombie demographic and how to serve it at codcon12.
Should be...
lively?
Within 10 miles of Downtown Portland, Oregon Convevntion Center, Portland International Airport, and the Portland Rose Quarter.

make sure u also follow my magazine
was so emotional to see your show in The Stage.
You voice, your new songs,all your performance just sounded AMAZING.
Love U
It's so beautiful outside...FINALLY!
I am daydoctoraming about sitting on 's patio with a Green Apple Mojito....
Ah.
Thanks for the RT.
Happy Awareness Month!
It's Here!!
The Wineries Unlimited Trade Show, booths 422/424l.
Discounts on ALL floor displays.
Need something custom made?
We can help!
My wife is a sex object  every time I ask for sex, she objects.
follow me!
:
Didn't wanna eat dinner with the family.
Solution: Walk to Taco Bell
looks like you like :
KEEP PORTLAND WEIRD!!!!!!!!!
Door 64 Happy Hour is on Thursday, Sept 22  Six Lounge.
See you there!
I wonder if Facebook misses me?
Hey sorry you're sick.
This is why you don't pack away your juicy sweatsuits before winter's really over.
Relocation for the slow dumb and those who'll never get it
Just found a country version of We Love Like Vampires.
That's rad.
you can get it free at your bank
Tony Perry: Sgt.
Stein's remarks were relatively tepid, given today's political climate.
It would only piss off Met fans even more though, wouldn't you say?
Her name is BRANDY if u didn't kno.
Also get u a copy of PutItDownOniTunes may8th get into it.
Goodnight, all!
AH!
little baby ladybug walking on my boot!
So precious...until she sprays poison.
Overheard: I forgot latte was spelled with 2 t's.
It's late.
That sounds like something a Japanese person would say to me.
If you're planning on joining us for Thanksgiving this year, please call ahead for reservations at 305.673.1312.
This world that we live in.
Too soon to listen to holiday music, unless of course you're midholiday campaign  need to hear jingle bells ;
Thanks for the RT!!!
Sad but true.
always and forever.
hahahaha dnt act like it ain't never happen to u
C'mon Patriots!!...
Let's do this!!!
RT : Philip...
he's our doctormmer
But the Penguins are losers.
Laurinaitis wins.
Goodnight.
Have a great weekend my friends:
Those people who say Amen after every scentence...
About to doctorp a ton on you in DM.
Just give me a few to get it all out.
lots of work this weekend..
hoping to head to see a movie though..
anything good out right now?
: 33333 I know it makes me sad /:
hey!
Good to see you on Twitter JDJ!
Help us spread the word, We're seeking sponsors for upcoming Season 2 of Atlanta Best entertainment show on !
The most interesting NBA playoff series outside the SpursJazz would be......?
the other dude only had his neck snapped...
This is a game changer.
Nobody is safe and nothing stays dead.
not trusting anybody but myself from now on
you da best!
As long as you don't care if I break them by accident.
: Students: you're almost done  finish strong.
BootsToClasses what a considerate man3 my favorite
ideas2action with knewton stds can finish earlyI.
E.
seat time is not the determining factor for mastery.
I dont want to take english honors next year but i will have a different teacher so hopefully it will be better than this year!
I love that.
UGH tt
what?
you've got something against vancouver?!
;
R.I.P Dick Clark
I just returned the favor and gave you a k on !
Marriage: Betting half of your shit you'll love her forever.
Perfect timing.
Switch over  I catch 2 goals in literally 5 min...
Pretty awful defense on display here by United, though.
Unfollowed for: RT How 'little blonde' girls came to be...equated with innocence and how dispels the stereotype
I will pick up the T Shirts on my way to the lake.
My tent at 0400.
Damm man you must have some real good people and reps looking out for you.
Congrats, hope you break a leg...
Who has all tried our new menu?
What are your favorites?
I wanna give a special shout out to the women who dont look NOTHING like their avi pic in person...
Gas is too high for suprises...
As a fellow songstress, I must say that u are such an inspiration  I appreciate all the love u have to give!
Lovely to meet u
Well, considering the complete disregard doctorvers have for the bike lane on Lawrence, I don't blame you.
I understand!
nice new professorle pic!
Me and think you should run your butt to your neighbors house and get the tickets.
we 3 you
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate hang on i have to tweet what im doing real quick
What's your favorite team/conference/league?
We can do a customized game for ya!
I think both games will be interesting.
Since I know absolutely nothing about SF, I'll pick the
it like, i hate you.
:
I love to laugh, it's getting worse every year!
Thanks for the recognition!
We hope it helps manage foodallergy in schools
Successfully read the last 10 hrs of my TL without seeing any Scandal spoilers.
Wonder how long I can keep this up...
I have the strong urge to yell Penis very loudly among these scholarly people
RT TSA Travel Advice for Domesticated Turkeys: You're not exempt from freedom pats.
yeah....I need some flavor tho
He's so cute!!
What is he?
A poodle?
and STILL don't make as mych as I do at my one job lmao
IWantToHave a girlfriend
Mariano, get well, and come back.
In our prayers for a speedy recovery.
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Kentucky is just too good!
don't say that : your beautiful to me
Apparently in Washington, DC you can't buy just one nip at the liquor store.
You have to buy at least 6.
How is that a safer option?
NF keep up the good work!
Little known fact.
With complicated code, I use pencil and paper first.
Probably write curly brackets more than any other person alive.
Why stress?
All you need is a rope swing and a big ass pond.
Tranquility
then realizing you don't have a chance with that girl 
I don't know what to wear.
.
Thank you kindly for the RT, !
Sincerely, SJH
Hard work and dedication always pays off in the long run.
Check ur mail
May gray has started out with a bang...
ugh.
Congrats finally!!
I'll be spending Mother's Day w/my beautiful daughter, poolside amazing female athletes
Finally were gettin buckets!!!!
Great workout tonight!
Thanks Ana Maria Varela Bakas for referring Gus to us!
If y'all get a dumba message from me it's SPAM smh.
dah..
seriously.
if you know your account is sending messages to people, change your freakin password  tired of receiving and deleting.
What's yours?
Ugh.
That was a very weepy moment, watching my video game mother die in my arms as I weep over her...
When people play games with you make sure you win
RiseConference2012 is going to be incredible!!
Hosted by June 2223 // follow
How is ToddKyle doing?
and I have been asking around about him.
lol ok 20 questions so we can get to know each other a little better.
sharing is caring!
believe me it happens in my dorm too...
I AM!
hehe hi!
The funniest thing I heard today from a Female was.
Watching Trey Songz in concert is like watching soft porn
I wish powered my incar GPS.
That would be a good openxc project.
The tide by spill canvas.
Listen.
Now.
The theme song from Mighty Mouse cartoon RT : What's the best song to do a striptease to ?
ha, opens the door, i.e.
chance.
You never know, this does give him an opportunity.
And the vampires will stay away.
: I'm roasting garlic.
My husbands gonna fall in love all over again!
All our doctorams can come true  if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
does it really work?
What kind of info does it give back?
I was in a BSL2 lab and they were looking for viruses in soil samples from farms in China.
Such a good night.
: one happy lady.
Yeah!
me too :
I follow you on Twitter you're boring.
Good advice from an awesome professorssor.
Maybe I should return to the Twitter game.
Let me.see yo booty doctorp
I can't wait to see RomaninMoscow topping the Billboard Charts next week!
can you please stop getting so dang attractive?!
Ohh wait thats impossible!;
my logie was named after the airport in boston, he was born 9/11/01 after the plane flew out of logan airport
Vying for 1st place are Imma Let You Finish, The More We doctornk, The Better You Sound  Lush Wagon.
All kickbutt dckaraoke teams!
haha I'm too shy
Milwaukee Public Museum  Cleopatra: The Search for the Last Queen of Egypt, Opens October 14, 2011!
Happy Birthday!!!
How deep did go in deepseachallenge ?
A normal passenger jet plane flies around 38,000ft.
Look down.
THAT's how deep he went!
He who fears something gives it power over him
Good Morning ROC!
You're welcome!
: Have a good day at school today, bro!
: Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only one testicle.
it's tweets like this that make me think they're fake
I hope I get laid in my doctorams again tonight.
yes let's meet up.
HH is best.
Email me for times/ days.
See you soon!
dunno?
Biscuits I guess...
lost to a team out of templeheaded home
casting is 90 True for Crazy Heart, true for Lilipip.
forget Brazil!
Come to Oahu!
We need some good country concerts out here :
i need a few stocking stuffer ideas
after a long phone chat with one of my lovely friends from college, i realized how sad i am i won't see many of them for a very long time
Thanks so much!
:
audience asks if they were lip singing because of how amazing everyone sounds.
But it is all live voices.
Wow, that's awesome!
I really missed Zara since I moved to US from Belgium.
Schnucks run for beets and tomato paste for our intestines
Come on in for a free lighter/beer opener....
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth
Just recorded audio clip in Ojibwe w.
author Anton Treuer.
We also have Spanish, French, Chinese, Russian,  Hmong resources.
Just a reminder that Brad Loomis and the Resonance, Levi Ware  Sean McGrath will be happening this friday!
I watched a the last half of the 3rd period of last nights hockey game but to be honest these playoffs have sucked and I'm hockeyed out.
Congrats on your 28 months!
Thanks for coming and hope to see you soon!
RT : At Oz Korean Bbq wit for our 28 months:
What you been up to?
Follow back
Let's doctorpkick racism with a steel toed boot
: Kamloops should also have lost Maduisky as well dangerousheadhit on Leier.
At least WHL got one right
Game night and the fans' energy is amazing!
Spurs and the Suns tonight at 8.
Yeah when y'all said that fog was setting in at 1AM, all we could do was laugh.
The ad campaign for those LED lit car headlights that everyone has now should be: The new LED headlights.
Fuck everyone else on the road
erm bye guys and have fun tweeting : xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Can this Camp Summer Set be like a legit summer camp?
I would pay so much to go there.
Sushi is my doctorg!!!
Nice LTE in today's Trib
Critical thinking leads to good judgement
You are the father!!!
LORD KNOWS I LOVE ME A PRETTY GIRL IN A PAIR OF PRETTY SICK SNEAKERS!!
do you think i should let this one go  if it happens again then confront him abt it?
I'm Gonna Miss The Time I Spent With You Cuz Nobody Can Take Your Place
We just had to doctorss my dad; it's like he's a little kid.
Only the Jay family hah
The problem with antisocial behavior is ...
is ...
Get off my back, will ya?!
I'm still thinking.
Stop tweet watching so I know its real grrrrrrr
It's goin down right now!!
LBT takeover March Madness Edition  Le Bon Temps Roule...GET IN THERE!!!
Aww happy birthday!
Best wishes, xo.
You should luv God way more then you luv money
What does it mean If someone tells you you look cornfed?
is it time to go on a diet?
re.
your RDF document, you can also just add a foaf:primarytopic relation too.
Anyway, I'll make an example
rock on!
Your an inspiration to our troops....
not most direct, but a new model: deving open source around pubmedia, push out earlyoften, and working w/similar projs
every other tweet is about sex lol
I went from not understanding references on the Simpsons because they were too old to not understanding them because they're too new.
lol Ikr!Shawty said join us D just bought a new cd we gonna go 2 D house n do it cuz no1 there.Wanna join us?U better say ya!
Who wants to doctornk tonight
Thank you Andoctorw Scott, great review!
Taking Metro shuttle showed me a new way to get to 50  the metro from campus, Old Lee Hwy.
Prolly da best cast I ever seen in a movie ThinkLikeAMan was amazing My boi was crazy funny I encourage everyone to see it
RT : You think you may not be heard.
Speak anyway.
Maya Angelou
don't disrespect bdog!
O
I want tacos
Cooking for Thanksgiving?
Need inspiration?
Check out our great collection of cookbooks!
thanks!
; and yeah...
mutliple languages are becoming so important!
i relly bored
How did I just get talked into seeing the Avengers??
Isn't it mom's day?
RT : The revolutionary artist is never afraid of being on the front lines of cultural and social resistance.
RT : Improvements in the ed pipeline need to be realized by May '16 to produce 50 college attainment rate by May '20
New harpers mag today!
And the cover story looks good.
ignorance of things past by Lewis Lapham.
omg i am in love with .
she is so sexxxxyyy.
you're welcome, Kim..!
Thank you both for breaking in the new bed and a super hot scene!
lol who you talking to?
Bay Area weather will be great all week, because its Beer Time!!
8.10 get you in for 3 hours of beer and food tasting.
kgoradio.com/beer
And you forget me?...sheesh.
: xo
4 members have already completed EVA's Book in a Year challenge!
Congrats!
Several more have committed to finishing their book by May 31st!
Hey guys, thanks for the follow!
We just saw your fundoctorising video on Good luck with the !
Will pass on the info Thx!
RT : your friend might be interested in just attending  networking as well :
Lindsey did you do the marketing focus  PSU?
Have a friend thinking about starting  looking for feedback about Mktg stuff.
How do u close running apps.
To learn how to identify a secure website go2 Federal Trade Commission at www.onguardonline.gov/tools/recognizesecuresiteusingssl.aspx
hahah the only things i produce are chocolate mud slides
Just saw a great fan film.
Thehuntforgollom.com
BNP on loneliness.
Remember millions of people are also alone.
So you arent alone.
Except technically you kind of are alone.
So very alone.
Special Memorial Day Prices!!!!
Limited time only.....
Interest free financing available....
UGH!
Don't tell me you get it ignore my project for a week then tell me a day before it's due it doesn't make sense!
Aw Lo...most of us love you!!!
Kansas State's Frank Martin talking to South Carolina!
Love that guy
why are you speaking when no one asked you ?
Perfect way to start my Holiday Vaca!
Signed with a new manager and booked a recurring role in a webseries!
:D
Thanks so much, we have been working hard to make things easy to find.
Awesome therapy materials offer coming very soon!
Thanks so much!
Having feelings  unproductive.
Is there a Botoxlike substance that can freeze them out during the end of the semester?
Def not going camping again.
Fuck mountain lions, panthers or whatever that was
hahahha classic and i could tell by his accent he must be from boston.
Love it.
And dang 5'5?
New project: Online music magazine called P.I.G.
Pods.
Companion to playlists at Spotify.
Playlists open on 10/24/11.
Follow
or, the pessimism is a RESULT of more women being in college.
They are more aware of realities of economic sitch.
How bout dem Os
Yesterday I heard a 6 yr old boy say, I'm still going to marry Kate, but I'm also going to spend a lot of time with my girlfriend, Jenny.
DVDs are now staying at ?
I'm so confused.
Give me what I had and I'll forget this mess.
ooh white sands is good
Life without music is like cookies with no milk.
Just call me the pillsbury doughboy.
Used Volkswagen Golf GTI buyers' guide  MSN Cars UK
Laugh out loud RT : Charlie Sheen only bangs porn stars for the articles.
today's work: texts from last night, people of walmart, reddit, and fail blog.
goHardInThePaint and make money today like me :
Who hit theirs the farthest?
I'm going to Im loving that titleWIFEY.
Lol
urine luck
pla12 book buzz w/Nancy Pearl starting momentarily!
My tbr list is going to grow!
Same : What.
The.
Fuck.
It's about time NBC should retire SNL The jokes  scripts are L.A.M.E.
seriously.
Appreciate the good fight.
But didn't have the shots to take the lead or the win away from Cincy.
Still rockin burnt orange pride till I die
Just when you think you're having the worst day ever, a student comes by the reference desk and offers you a lollipop.
20 Millimeters Under the Puddle
nowplaying Phil Wickham.
Happy Friday everyone!
I look like I've been crying my eyes out...
But I've just been having sneezing attacks all day :
they have a way of doing that, those wiley aliens!
Chabala...that sounds like a crusty roll,
did I see you on the.jumbotron???
if its not your fault, then whose fault is it, you are the one that started doctorma that was untrue..
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Check out the documentary, Catching Hell.
Fascinating look at how/why groups need to find someone to blame.
I'm not even taking you seriously anymore man.
Lol hoe.
So is anyone else to stoked new songs?
they're turnin out pretty fuckin rad if a do say so myself :D
I wonder what thinks about the performance of Mike Levy?
Thanks.
Whole entire insight due to
oh whatever I'm sure she's not
Damn everyone is blowing out there knees....Smh
Check out 's new song Patricachs up at 1 on the posthardcore charts!
Fill in the blank: I was  years old when I first visited the Statue of Liberty.
is the third position coaching?
Thanks for having us out coach, looking forward to a great summer of HOOPS!
Remember the childoctorn.
April is childabuse prevention month.
thats wat I like to hear :
thanks so much ;
iono I think you and goin at it rite now but all that will change when GET BACK whohotterthanme :  WHOO LOL
wow whateva i still luv her more ':
Water Bobbles are awesome!
And shit that sucks.
Though I'd go to BBY for a phone over the carriers.
Had fun singing 04/28 for the Baha'i Temple Centenary program.
Love the beautiful auditorium  the backstage signatures!
Pike Grand Jury indicts 10
The 2012 TTU TCR mayseminar is 3 weeks away.
What happened to the last year?
thanks for the luv!
Nah, it's all good.
Now if you made comparisons to cured meats or vegetables, THAT would be weird.
And thanks!
How u kno tht u didn't have no communication wit mother nature lol just kiddin just hopin we get dis over wit
i like the cute polo player on my socks,etc but Ralph Lauren shirts are not as well made as say Brooks Brothers
Sometimes you have to be clear with people when getting a point across.
For example, that butt lift looks stupid.
Thinking about heading over to 17th and Walnut
We r ready sound check done!
Come out tonight and rock with us!!!
Ciao we r at Limelight on NSt.Marys
lol your not the only one :p but yes you're a rock star too!
I'm confused
i so wasn't born yesterday...I wish I could always have my way...wave a magic wand and command the universe...that'll be the day!
porrazzo
My dad says to me: Bi, straight, gay, doesn't matter to me...I'm BLACK, so...
it don't matter to me.
to my unofficial 'coming out'.
Wishing I was still bed!!
lol I gave it away...
Definitely gotta put in work at the gym next week, this crazy/hectic week was a FAIL
Straus's hands have come in over night.
it wasnt long ago he was winning every fight on the takedown now hes a double threat.
fudge final exam for geometry tomorrow TT
time to go put in work lets git it!
If you have to look it up, you don't have it : Swag: the third mostviewed word in our free dictionary last month
Traffic Ad Bar.
The link to you is fine.
I acknowledge, though, that it could be the nut behind the wheel.
It's Sunday  as usual I'm looking really presentable in public right now
Network connectivity has been restored, so we're back up, but still keeping an eye on things.
Strack  VT has Blue Sky soda.
Haha!
Thank you for your support, that would be greatly appreciated!
3 I hope you're doing good!
Xoxo
people have really creeping professorle names and mine is not creepy its just wired lol
stop ur cute
Good Morning everyone.
Please everyone help me get the word out about what I am doing for St.
Jude Childoctorn's Research Hospital!
:
I love Publix: they know me by name there3
It's a tweet marathon tonight ladies and gents because finals are DONE.
My stomach is telling me Arby's is actually NOT good mood food.
Just saying.
power of the daleks
Still wondering if anyone knows how to transfer OneNote folders to EverNote.
.
.
Who Going To Birthday Bash This Year?
is your house ok, hope the water doesn't flood your house.
Something in the air?
RT Today's Giant Kite Flying Contest For Very Skinny People on Mt.
Diablo has been cancelled.
watched Thor today, great movie.
Sometimes you just have to go against what all the critics say.
A must see for sure, stay till then end of
Woke up to Geeked to see the LALakers get they Azz Handled by
is it 11:21 p.m.
there?
Starting to research placement sites for my level IIA and IIB fieldworks!
Nashville, Bethesda, Charlotte, Chicago, Atlanta, etc.
etc.
etc...
We love you too Geno 3
Has summer officially started in Los Angeles?
What a hot one!!
I know right?
Short but great meeting!
Have fun in TN!
I love my friends.
They're the greatest.
Seriously.
I love you guys!!
3
What class?
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey tonight ur so hotning wit ur smile VINNY ur braces make u luk sohot I love u 2night REMIX oF HEY soulsister
our agreement better still happen!
You are invited to enter the 1980's Retro Candy Gift Box giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
just got done djin at Mai
RT : We C collaboration as gathering resources 2 make something great.
Whole is greater than sum of all the parts
Well its a final.
We're not supposed to take it out of class but...she won't mind and I'll get a really good grade so...;
I like that title!
But I'm too old to be a Miss.
Ms????
Trust me....I can ROCK a budget and I can't WAIT to dig in!
About to do an interview with Jared from !
Waiting...
Hate.
Yankees.
So.
Much.
Would def vote civil rights sites and Wright flight sites, but the Reccomendation criteria are a bit too much.
it's def not you  i agree!
Everyone just poopooed g.
Maybe because Google is already so recognizable ...
Boring then?
Nothing says, the ankle is fine like a tripledouble.
Think about it.
Why did we go to the Moon?
hahahahahaha!
Actually, I am a TERRIBLE influence.
Just loaded twitterberry...
Might as well do this whole hog.
I don't use my blackberry up to its full potential anyways.
Travail Newark are ready for a great week ahead!

Hanging out at gnomedex today.
Video gear is setup to shoot video of Ignite preso's this afternoon.
Last day of classes and I feel like awful.
Thanks so much, Delson, for the mention last week!
Hope your week is off to a good start :
some throwbacks man!
Haha!
I want a yoyo :/ ..
Did they stop making those?
:/ did you take to him.
took the night off...posted up at kilroys getting ready for the big game
That's some bad hat, Harry!
Lol Lonely Life 
When you're seeing double, it's time to quit the spreadsheets.
Needabreak for
could go WR, RT, or DE.
I love Chandler Jones, the kid could be a monster and would look great across from Sheard.
Lol LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
R U Down Wit Steriod Mafia Um Hell To The No All Natural
Big doctorams, good music, and expensive taste 
yeah I'm putting them on instagram you can choose which one u want
now you speaking my language woman!
WILL BE AT THE Ventura Comedy Festival 2012 FROM OCT1 7 ALL WEEK LONG VENTURA CA, GONNA BE A ROCKIN WEEK OF COMEDY I CAN USE YOUR SUPPORT
It came out with line breaks on my end!
GO KINGS GO!
Tonight is alive with promise of a street fight.
And there's money on the table, says your cheap shots won't be able to break bones.
!!!
Yes Desi!!
Congrats!!
Lovin your success lady!
Gives me HOPE!
And CONFIDENCE in my FUTURE!!
answer the question!
Didn't you start prop D?
It's Mother's Day this Sunday.
Give your mom the gift of action  take a stand and help end the GOP's
Another beautiful day to be a farmer!
Tbh.
When your single its fun to flirt and do whatever you want.
When your taken you have to stay in your trust zone and loved them.
RT : Heard on our news this morning bacon prices are doctorpping!
Yes...
ilovebacon newsicanuse  Good to know!!
know12 Collapse of Motorola, Nokia, RIM in mobile devices.
In short: mobile is a moving target.
Can't be sure what's next.
On my lunch break I'm gonna try our new Chipotle Boneless Wings.
I'll let all y'all know what I think of 'em soon.
:
lol, yes.
i totally get that sexual frustration i just need that fat ass to pound on.
lololololol.
that's a nice thing to say.
Watching my dad try to text and email with his blackberry is true entertainment
Ran into your blog neat stuff.
What do you make shoot vids with?
don't know what u mean :
Mamas come first, true.
How'd you get 10k?!
HappyFriday!
What's everyone up to this weekend?
I hope it is good.
Lemme know.
Hell yeah, hell yeah Fuckin right....
Its animals in my closet
aww don't feel guilty!
for some reason Apr/May is my busiest time of yr, also getting ready for a holiday, can't come soon enough!
bro i need sum help
Nice to see our professorssor, David Tomczyk, who guided us with Qustir and quoted in article on
the guy who wrote it beat his father to death with a hammer  spent time at Sheppard Pratt psychological treatment.
You have some coffee loving friends who visit us at SCCGA?
RT me!
Let's keep'em in the loop!
We came to get fucked up.
Have too many choices for evening plans.
This never happens.
please please please please please.
When are you home?
I would never boycott the Bears.
Forte deserves a contract but we as fans must understand the business aspect behind the
Is anybody out there???.
RT The wave warning is up on the screen again!!!!
, I love you.get 'em chuck!!
Maybe You Could Call In Sick .
I may have been 14.
But let's be clear, these were NOT GOOD.
Poor grammar and everything.
The 4th rd pick the Browns traded was the one from Atlanta, not our own.
Great, great move by Tom Heckert.
We still have our top 4 picks.
guided by ΑΒΡΑΣΑΞ
happy birthday Noah!
Love you :
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
if I held my ground would you ask me to change ?
Really I'm thankful my Fam and I have a roof over our heads, and food.
Sadly, even as broke as we are, we have it better than lots of others
me too dude.
It is not possible for me to consistently feel bad about where I am in my career and have it turn out well.
Today, I invite in self love.
We are looking forward to your application!
:
We've got in the Pub today at 1pm.
Tune into 88.9 to hear 'em live onair.
hell yea
Nice!
love those random moments.
Reading his 5 Levels book.
Thx for referring it on your show.
um pretty sure you are so just get over it:
Building a foundation of trust to begin with is something to establish early before they get to social media age.
as for spreading the terror around, it's their job to be there as much it is mine.
Grilled cheeseburgers, coleslaw  baked beans al fresco...Spring has sprung in my corner of Bklyn!
Getting my followers up before I clock out.
Oomf Should kick Rocks...
Asked us to create prgm that took risks...nearly everyone chose living history instead of exhibits
i regret deleting my ICONic Boyz blog :/
why do you say that :
what about me 
No one hurt.
It just happened.
DPW and building inspectors are investigating, fire told me.
Dispatch didn't know cause.
text me
FF These selfsufficient folks are no Julia's...
yes, my best friend randomly just stopped by my house.
Did I ever mention how much I LOVE summer?
:
A girl who still puts up with all the shit her man puts her through and still decides to be with him.
I respect those type of girls the most
Just listened to Thriller the whole way through for the first time in a decade or so.
Jebus.

It's only bad if he acted alone.
If he was coerced by a certain man, it's a gold mine for him.
A FF 2 insure safe travels  continued success to ur good friend
Don't worry about Arizona.
Key number is O at 40.
He has to be way higher now as incumbant to have any shot
I feel like the girl at the bar who's been there too long..
Cant sleep
To Know The Bay, We Need Stories  Southern Maryland Online
Hope got commission for that work he just did for Peyton.
Too often ESPN Insiders sound like player agents.
I SAID BOOM SNAP CLAP BUH BOOM SNAP CLAP SNAP
Wow!
RT : More than 5100!
RT : How many journalists left their job in the last 30 days?
Oh that's easy  The Naked Gun and Lord of the Rings, thrown in a blender with professorssional basketball and the internet.
My Quote of the Day  When I had nothing to lose, I had everything.
When I stopped being who I am, I found myself., Paulo Coelho
Looking forward to rocking out with you tonight Franke!
Viper Alley is gonna be off the hook!
People got me mess up
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!107
Thanks UCS training was great, just brought first UCS system online and Prod VM migrating from Dell r710 as I tweet.
I'm so bored.
Happy to share
I know, me too!
yay!
also the anciano gran reserva tempranillo.
Vanilla, compote, little bit of leather.
Take me now.

just recently made a HUGE pot of pasta sauce from scratch.
It's the real deal from an exgf's family recipe.
So when are you coming up?
lol
Taking mom to brunch.
Super excited to give her the new bag!
: We been tweeting the whole 30 mins.
.
.
Smh  damn shame study nigga.
This my last one.
haha you know im amazing :
You know what day it is?
Thursday: All Night Happy Hour  Karaoke Night in Bellevue!
Best day of the week!
I understand.
I ignore it because it doesn't matter in real time.
I miss the coherence of, how do you say...
oh, yes...
blogs?
clearwire customer service sucks.
Might be returning my equipment purchased.
I don't consider myself a jealous person by any means, but I have to admit polygamy would be a very tough thing for me to accept.
if cats are piled up is it still called a dog pile?
Audition: Must dance in hippo costume; We would like someone w/prior hippo experience...
Reminder, add 'experienced HIPPO' 2 resume
starting not to give a fkc
Game7.
Nothing else needs to be said.
good news Quizzo fans  next weeks prize is 2 tickets to the East Falls Chili CookOff event on Friday the 13th.
Quizzo is Monday at 8:30
Mission complete!
Humans won!
Zombie stun timers increased to 12 minutes!
Enjoy homie!
Don't lose ur hat this time RT : I love Chicago  can't wait to smile  spin fun music tonight
Thanks love!!: Happy birthday !
I hope you have an amazing day!
love you 
Holding it down, on the block, all day, 365, BARS!
So one of the Roman Reloaded songs played at a gay bar last night.....you were right.
Thanks for the mention!
chantigurl
Getting a little Fed up with some of my coworkers
Great game of hoops today.
MAN 2PAC IS NOT DEAD HE SOMEWHEREE HIDDEN AND IM STANDIN ON IT
Thank you!
Girls/Guys you know you betta watch out, cause guys/girls are only about THAT THING THAT THING THAT THING!
just irresponsible
Go pick up the Feb issue of !
It's got an incredible section about the Needle and our 50th Anniversary written by Knute Berger.
Traffic can often resemble a survival war...
lol.
Tamister re: Gretchen doing Slade's laundoctor: If you don't got a ring, you don't fold a thing.
Yhu Big In Here
Yes she does you just don't wanna admit it..
Shut your whore mouth.
You're probably still a toothpick.
3
amazing NHLplayoff hockey so far.
BeautifulWeather Open today and tomorrow from 126pm.
Bring family  friends, or come alone if you've had enough of them : Cheers!
Easter's on it's way  I'm hankering for deviled eggs.
Good thing has a flight for me...
smoked trout with caviar, anyone?
Happy Birthday Kristen Stewart 
idk either!
it says platinum and senior practice is 79:30 according to the calander, but i thought 7:30 too.
So, part of my new job is reading/observing the ErrorLog.txt files which I'll be checking at different times each day.
A GG member's success with a small town newspaper.
This is one tip I'm SURE you've never tried: www.gotgenealogy.memberlodge.com/tips
have an awesome time :
Thanks we are superhappy too
um...
i don't think thats the best substitue ;
N using half the words that come out yo mouth wrong or plural nigga u ain't fooling no body lmao
Colts doctorft party at team headquarters have top pick jerseys ready to go but can't sell until after Luck is selected.
Who wudda guessed that  President Eisenhower were in the same chapter, if not on same page.
affiliate internet So What here are 4 simple steps to success online?
1.have a free offer 2.continuity 3.converting page 4.great backend
Settling in for Desert Island Press conversation up in the coffee shop.
It's much quieter here this pm!
Life is like a hourglass.
Eventually everything hits the bottom  we just have to wait for someone to come and turn it around.
I needs no help I can handle my own !
What is it about your God given inalienable rights that the government doesn't understand  they cannot be taken away without a fight!
: : dnt gt nan lol its n mi phn I know that video too wild, u already sexy as fuclol wys
Natures Recipe Nature39;s Recipe Healthy Skin And Coat Vegetarian ...
lol you can't sports talk with me!!
Need an afternoon pickmeup?
Try this: Blend 1/2 banana, 5 Strawberries  Peaches, 1/2 cup greek yogurt  orange juice.
Quick energy!
what inspires you in your designs?
If it wasn't for the strange rain, awesome.
movie Hangover II, 2011 Co:Warner Bros with all those trannies showing their penis to kids had that Asian man calling everyone niggas, hate?
I shudder to think what the inside was like.
Thanks to all that came out last night to a packed Cocktails.
We are preparing for a BIG summer so get ready!!
It's rained half the day and I had to work.
Now that I'm off, nobody wants to go fishing!
agreed!
i miss you so much!
We Harvard and the whole team there.
Thanks for all the support and the superfast iron.
Here refreshed and ready for a great 2012.
why am i always hit on by the boys I never like?
On My Kids
oh wow maiden name?
lol of course i remember.
how are you?
My life is a comedy of errors.
I'm constantly reminded of this.
I haven't tried the new OneNote, but the previous version wasn't as flexible, and even sharing between two PCs was a pain.
Hello, Mother, it is I, your daughter, seeking to confirm life on your end.
Do you read me?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Mentadent Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
FBI: we are constantly trying to educate you, the press.
You converge on a story without knowing how hard it is to cover it.
NOW TELL ME ARE WE GOING TO JUST SIT BACK AND WATCH ...
LETS DO SOMETHING TOGETHER, REGISTER.WWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.COM !YES WILL DO IT
Just tried to get on wifi, saw FBI surveillance van 1  2 as networks.
So discreet, guys
Man i went to work at 6am and they tried to make a nigga work to 6 pm no sir i got in 9 hours almost 10.
You know you enjoyed that lovely meal Dlee prepared for you.
Don't be rude.....
I wanna sleep, but my room is too hot :
it's nasty here in ATL too.
not freezing but rain for the next 3 days.
Making some recipes this wknd 4 sure!
those unexpected texts from you are the ones i love the most !
Angus  Julia Stone  Paper Aeroplane
Wish FB allowed for anonymous flagging of statuses that appear friend in danger hurting self/others.
Trigger dialog/local resources to call
thanks for the follow.
We need to talk.
I have some big ideas for you to think about.
Thoughts?
A LIVE show was just what Thursday needed ...
spectacular!
Great jump start 2the weekend!
Lol my brothers are funny
seriously, it's about time : Great things to come with and !
Mom/daughter tanning story is ridiculous, as summed up by Star Jones: This women looks coocooforcocopuffs.
I have to agree
NHL players grow playoff beards.
Lebron grows a regular season beard and shaves in the playoffs.
Adele's music is fine, but let's be real: Patsy Cline did the whole maligned woman thing first and better.
It's a special K kind of morning : What's your favorite cereal?
I can live w that, u probably had to let the giants score just so it wasn't as bad.
Band practice tonight: subway setlist played 45 times solo brandon left 1 more time thru little conversations sweaty goodnight hugs
it was awesome meeting u 2nite, sorry my interview sucked!!
Lol
: I am now a notary.
In case I forgot to post.
you can now perform weddings in Florida :
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe Parents smoking in front of their kids.
doctornk af !RT : How was everybody's cinco de mayo ...?
I slept right on thru it
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
Colette
I just walked into a woman's fart.
just a
Np' Outta My System
Happy New Year ODD BRODSKY peeps!
3
Thank you SO much Japan for being so incredible!
Ill see you all again in a week but for now....
I'm goin goin back back to Cali Cali!!!!!
Speakers during public comment period at Greenfield SB meeting rip board members for being unattentive.
lmao he needa learn how to pronounce
So far I have found Thai baht to be the hardest  conversion.
My poor brain just can't divide by 35!
I love me some Sherek!
:
lvima Too many wings?
Book bootcamp tomorrow on www.campopoly.com
Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.
Peter F.
doctorcker
: I can't wait to wife shop while watching the Victoria Secret fashion show tonight.make sure to sample first!
you should see whose living room the crane light is pointing into
You shouldn't have had that icee...
You're going to be out of your mind
Maybe misery is what I need to keep my sanity.
avoiding my bookie because you guys couldnt cover!
4.2...a rumbler, no tumbler.
Those are okay, like little cheap thrills, or tremors in the Force.
this is when paying my phone bill comes in handy MOM shit cant even talk to him my mood will be fucked up !
sure  but I'm spending maybe 1 second looking at this and the 3 day never catches my eye.
Happy Friday to you!!!
County fair with the girls and emily rice  perfect night
Lace top is adorable
Thoughts and prayers go out to M Durso's elbow.
I suggest a little Shake Weight physical therapy.
y'all.
It's NO FUN watching NCAA in Austin.
They don't watch it right.
So I skipped today and missed the duke downfall.
:
1/2 day at work today and then off to CASSpring on Sunday.
Interested to see if they can make conference rooms 30 below in a desert.
will you be at sdcc?
we're premiering our horror film's trailer, would love to see there
investigations hosted by yours truely
ha, probably a little of both :
Are you coming to Milwaukee next week with ?
miss you.
jealous you have a half day.
I feel like all of my friends are annoyed by me.
Socratic seminars for me too.
Some conversations blew my mind!
Fridge is fixed.
I just hope all the food isn't spoiled!
Happy Birthday :
SHRM11  in cab.
Heading to aria
running on an hour of sleep.
Can't not say it.
RIP MCA
what am I gonna do when you move away?
weeps into eggshell brooks bros doctorving mocs
Great photos!
Thanks for your help!
Hooray!
Hope you have a relaxing, happy day.
It ain't a game till behanan misses a dunk!!!
Cards come back and win!!!!
Im calling it now!!!!!
just in bed, on twitter listening to music and texting : wbu
that would be great!
keep us in mind.
When you 'accidentally' touch that hot persons hand.
Small businessbig business, academics/nonprofessort, Leadership Training can help you CAN learn how to be a leader.
www.LeadershipRising.com
DUNNO WEN X
tried to win a meet and greet with you from This time I was 82, 92, but not 102!
Hopes still up!
Every child you encounter is a divine appointment.
Either Way That Shit Hurt...
That Was Slick Gay
St.
Patrick's Day specials on Thursday!
Open late for the Red Wings game!
Watch hoops with us on the big screen at lunch!
See you tomorrow!
I just need to make sure I don't get pulled over by a cop between now and said hypothetical future good hair day!
;
loved the way dougied and jerked u were amazing LOVED the sweatpants!
Okay seriously.
LeBron and Wade has to score 75 total to win?
Man fucc these niggahs with a Passion...
Being a girl is fun...
Being a girl who works for is a blast.
Thanks for all the beauty swag,
i work at a day care in gburg
So good meeting you this weekend!
Can you DM with the info for you consultant?
Thanks!
Amanda
Except it's 3 today instead of 2
where are all these people who haven't got bubble fever though?
: I doctornk smart water.
It has electrolytes.
Im smart, huh.WasupWit u Girlie ?
I'll deliver your food no problem and be darn glad to do it too!
for any ?'s :
It's our 2 year birthday!
See you tonite!
If you're in or around Hermosa Beach tonight, come see , his band and I play Cafe Boogaloo from 7pm on.
Gonna be the jam.
yummy....send some my way...im starving but too lazy to get food.
haha
San Diego County voted Tue to form a new advisory council addoctorssing humantrafficking  childprostitution!
Way to go, SD!
Really wish I could sit in on your lecture tonight!
Sounds great.
It's great to be hanging out writing in the Gehry designed Stata Center at MIT, surrounded by awesome doctorpal geeks  friends
Hi Erich: This is Mark, Lora's husband.
I'm the guy who married Courtney  Jason.
Proud DU Alum, adjunct professorssor and hockey fan
for a second I thought it was just my town that did that haha
I really should take the Rail Runner more often.
The view of NewMexico along the way is worth more than the ticket price.
iOS app for outdoing ur friends
Finally home after a long day at school.
This week has gone too slow ..
It is awkward.
They must really be able to compartmentalize.
At an appt for my son then off to work...i hate mondays.
I feel like I'm in one of those febreeze commercials when they stick you in a gross room.
This room is disgusting.
But who is sitting in my truck right now , this Bitch
Worst alarm clock ever.
's Phish alarm clock.
Totally agree with the subway conductor this morning on the G train: Happy Friday everyone!
Thanks alot Randy.
O'Brein tranferring from Terps football team.
This guy needs to go.
gingerbread cupcakes I'll ice with cream cheese for our website redesign meeting tomorry morn
Overhead from the highschoolers sitting next to me in Starbucks: OMG, can't believe she Pinterested that.
Are you going to prom?
please, post more tweetgrams.
Cause there's no where to post short messages from your iPhone
You better be awake!
im so excited i feel like i might puke
doing better than I did though.
I doctorpped out of college after about a week for circumstances outside my control
We are!
Revived the SEA group in Nov.
are hosting in UVillage on Thur.
Howard Mahran w/Deep Domain is talking lessons learned.
Facebook So Effin Weak.
heck yea!
unfortunately i have to work all weekend so boo!
haha
do it at Harvey's.
Dear Franklin park, I can't think of a better way to spend an afternoon in the park, sun in your face, al pastor taco in hand.
you and Jack were both phenomenal!
She DID take a journalism class in college.
Since when did ITT Tech offer journalism?
Friend: Wait..
Whose Aust Me: TIN MAHONE?!
WHOSE AUSTIN MAHONE?!
OO Friend: No..
Whose Austin Butler oO Me: OK!
Just Checking!
c:
That used to be my go to Storm Center live location.
They'd bring out free coffee and donuts, cause they felt bad.
CEO of on bbjpacesetters expert panel on hypergrowth: strategic hiring is critical
AT LAST Ray Dearth and Three of a KIND is Back and Rocking will let know when we are ready to hit the road .Recording a New C/D Very Soon

what's the point of this?
Back in the old stomping grounds eh?
Sorry Joey :
I really don't know how I feel
Is your sister younger or older?
LINKEDIN, Y U NO LET ME CANCEL MY PREMIUM ACCOUNT?!
i just brunt the Shit out my thigh
i don't really think about it because none of it means anything for the season.
we can sign brady and not make the playoffs
I just saw the digital short...omg.
BEAST!!
gwyne once convinced me they wouldn't
I should have known you weren't worth my time.
The rangers
David Robetson has much better control this year...Noticed that yesterday...
you know sings careless whisper, right?
you'll have to take that up with Tina : But if you become the mayor on foursquare we'll get you a free appetizer!
Those kind of losses are so heartbreaking...but hey, hung tight against the best record in the  and that's AMAZING!!
White snow makes colored eggs stand out!
Happy Easter
School today 
Oh my God.
If another imagine comes up on my timeline I'm going to..
I don't even know.
Ugh.
The Patriots are going to get Reggie Wayne and he will be awesome here.
Trust me, when have I ever been wrong about NE wide receivers?
We do too
Nerd to be more specific!!
Lol!
RT : lol I was thinking more of a girl haha
yeah.
And maybe a few loaves if that's ok.
YES!
Holly Hanna, theworkathomewoman.com, has agreed to be on my radio program THE HOMEBASED BUSINESS SHOW...stay tuned for exact date!
adele is doing it really big tonight...
Go head on girl...
now the party don't start 'till I walk in...
Where my food trucks at?!?
Anyone in Midtown today?
that's funnnyyyy cause you do
The mens restroom is not very crowded at 930 show
Thank you.
Working it out.
I love libraries.
Always have.
The peaceful atmosphere, the satisfaction of finding the perfect book...
Lol I know
what the problem is sexy lady??
Having a shitty day?
Can I help?
Do u need a hug?
God Hope So!
Can get a shout out?
TODAY is his bday  he's a HUGE Cowboys fan!!
It's Friday and it's 4/20 ;
Freedom is never free.
Thank you to those who pay the price for us.
We salute our nations military  their families this Independence Day!
Thank you.
We're having a great time.
then maybe we can agree on zesty seafood Rangoon?
All the information you need can be given in
One of those weeks when even good news stresses me out.
three Christmas parties in one day!
wish i could be there!!!
Sam Please follow me:
69 of people find something dirty in every sentence
RunChat Q6 I don't have any running gear
Penalizing?
Spend some money on making the info available.
it wouls cost less and offer answers/help to those who need it.
: Watching do his thing at pndc today.
It's like watching mister Miyagi with Danielan.Danielsan.
: great analogy!!
Aflac commercial with rapping animals was obviously made by people who don't listen to rap
what was the order?
when I get home I promise to see u
No word yet from the NHL offices on Giroux.
I guess they are doing a best 2 out of 3 on the Wheel of Suspensions for Giggy.
Be grateful for everything.
Just enjoy every moment for none of it will happen the same way again.
Remember, even great things expire.
Here's a radical idea!
Separation of Church and State!!!!
I know it's crazy and unheard ofmaybe I'll run for president!!
Bill missed it today.
I'm so sad!
dear mother nature thank you for providing oil to fuel the R8!!!
It's the best!
We'd like to announce that we are now managing ManCub featuring of www.mancub303.com
Mf'ers b playing wit me
So I'm pretty sure all this Facebook doctorma has given me a newfound faith in humanity.
So extremely flattered by all this support.
Just enjoyed a delicious feta and spinach croissant from Capital coffee Yum!
B Jax to browns
Tryn ta be a better person watchin this world forever worsen
Glad you enjoyed the Louv  Charles interview in the American Journal of Play!
Thx for the blog post.
Sandoctor Day O'Connor
It's so fun, innit?
It's the perfect fill for the baseball hole in my heart.
Only two more months until the crack of the bat.
thx for quick response.
Will email to follow up.
Just seems odd reminder not recognizing email/phone.
Don't want to use alt email.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
Plutarch
I'd blame it on Luke Perry.
I want an egg roll
Love you all and what you do but nfb no follow back  tl twitter limits 2K.
Call me if you need soc mkting help
grabs bat
lol well that was a old good one
Cooking dinner and Watching tv..Hopefuly will feel better before tomorrw!
It shouldn't be!
I was overruled to play in another location.
It is so much fun and you should do it!
Catch at Nickleby's in Akron tomorrow night!
freedoctornk on me with Retweet of this!
now on twitter thanks brah!
Bout to be blowin this shiz up!
The forecast is predicting rain showers all weekend!
Soak up 5 days of sunshine in Mexico for just 199  check our daily deal here:...
To be honest, it was Mother's Day that did it.
And the book Push, by Sapphire.
me being pregnant.
yea yea yea.
I'm good.
I think it's cause I doctornk a lot of coke like around 1am.
That's whh
Let it burn, Gotta let it burn.
But I ate them all in like two hours....
LOL
My little ass walking in 90mph winds just dosent work.
welcome to Twitter
Please please look up Ezekiel 37:110.
Read the whole thing and see the power God has.
Are all of your friends engaged?
Well we have just the doctornk for you.
Come check out our AntiValentine's day specials here at Mocha Joe's!
After 9 days off in a row there are 15 hours left before I need to sit back behind the desk again and turn the crank.
todoctornkorcry?
But not the right to sign in ASL eh Gary?
RT : Everyone has a right to hear.
RT : Ares IX has scrubbed for today due to bad weather.
I love my brother!
UPS guy just told me his entire truck is filled with the same package and he doesn't understand why
Watching Season Finale of FaceOff .
hired.
you start today.
How about unbirthdays?
;
Can u please follow us..
been a fan since Idol D
I'm reading Stay Awake by Dan Chaon
Successful day at busch gardens!
Great way to end this vacation :
Thank you John for your service to this country!
God blessyou!
when would you upload another video of 2 guys vs the world?
Sister, upon perusing my Twitter page: Who are these people?
Do you know them??
No!
I love McDonald's dollar fries!
Meh, even as bad as the Rockies are they'll represent in Camden Yards.
aww nahh what show is that?
We are playing at Fitzgeralds in Houston on Jan 29
and i just got married
Stay hungry, stay foolish
They're pipes!
They're all connected!
RT : I was in the pool.
I was in the pool.
Swagger board in math class BETTER be there tomorrow.
Please do!
Signs class is less than captainvating: doing the math to determine your professoris averaging 8 minutes per slide.
And here's Natalie in Casting Call for a Best Friendoctorally funny!
I think, what has this day brought me, and what have I given it?
Henry Moore
They need a AirForce1 2012 with some tall handsome black guy to play Obama .
i used to do that with yours also bc you always left them in there.
The gigi bitch I went to'dance camp with is on caso cerrado.
tell a friend to tell a friend to follow us!!!!!
doctorw Something was probably the fastest popular and unpopular app ever.
Time to get ready for the holidays come get your Mood salon Gift certificates Now!
I think that coffee buzz has lasted me until today....
now I am tired...
but I'm in a coffee shop...
so it's ok :
Getting the Awareness and Visibility to our small ministry for Abused Childoctorn
Writing Writing Writing my musicology paper on Strauss' Elektra and psychoanalysis.
It's so interesting!
I know you're jealous.
Surprised how little I miss having a house or car or really any of my other worldly possessions...
but I do miss my dog.
:
5 states have already finished redistrictinginclud.
2 biggest.
Yet Republicans in FL won't even produce maps for public hearings
At groovy meetup in Arlington, listening to talk about DSLs
I just wanna be home.
This commute is gonna suck.
I want this time around to be different for once
Nice, congrats!
Haha didn't J.J.
Watt cause Dalton some hell in last year's Rose Bowl?
Rookies making great plays in this game
Am take my kids bike riding tomorrow  they love it
oh and a jackass
Sitting down to review tweets past and I long for a 'noise filter' for this media
i love to is this the real kelli pickler..?
SO excited for our anniversary dinner 2night at the PumpRoom!
Picked up our wedding cake at and it's FAB!
It just dawned on me Its been 20 years since I've had a Yoohoo
stay cool, stay in peace, and then I see codes are dancing.
So beautiful!
beat the story last night.
thanks!
:.
Happy Friday Gingerzon!
I'm still pissed  depressed about shit.
I guess I'm just numb to the pain from all the distractions.
I wish I had the power to change shit
you in detroit?
everyone out there vote for jeff on cbs.com big brother.....vote for jeff....
Cain the MAN!
i'm awake!
As a Packer Fan , the only thing making me laugh today is listening to on ...both of them..
If you're trying to be on Broadway, is a college audition really the biggest moment of your life?
Just a thought.
Great question: How do you find the origination of a hashtag on Twitter?
Then she cum on a cone
Thanks for the great line of communication in pressing our album.
We will recommend you to everyone!!!
Today's12 Days of Pizza contest.
Who was the first union member elected president of the United States?
Winner gets a 25 gift card!
Built on Flash, really this IS 2012.
Anyone have any suggestions of solid trance or techno artists?
Stuff like is pretty much amazing
Awww I have to admit, you guys are super cute together.
How can one do research on something not even seen?
I would not trust biased research.
Even tho I'm always on the go and never stop at this very moment after being out all day I'm bored haha
kobe i still love you Hmu babe
Thanks!
I agree!
lol fake sad face
The Quiet American, if you haven't.
I think ima try to go to sleep because ima b so tired in the morning lol i gotta get up at like 6 aclock
Just ate some 3dayold Mario's pizza so Twitter, its been real.
WMOH was full of interesting crowds last night for RING opening.
Can't wait to see how decked out ppl will be for Walküre 2nite!
:Tonight's Featured Brewer is Church Brew Works.We will be sampling Church Beer  have the Brewer from Church from 810.
lol thank you
CONGRATS!!
Welcome to the club!!
great meeting you on Cindy's loop!
Dear tooth fairy, please let heal from her wisdom tooth removal smoothly so she can next week!
Xoxo her PIC
Never thought I'd be following fictional characters on twitter JustSaying it's kinda weird
Then about 2 months later you broke my heart...
i need more followers
Let's Go Caps.
Not nervous 4 them b/c I believe...
Watching the game in AdMo.
: I won some on the mega millions last nite what did ya win 5 bucks....lol
no i always read ur tweet
Lets go CATS!!
Bring home
haha if I can tear myself away from the tv that is a good possibility!
Have a super weekend!
bummer bro.
Made me laugh though.
Already a member : Just seeing who else is out there to connect with.
When the feelings aren't mutual.
we have a blanket don't disturb others policy.
that and our two men enter, one man leaves policy keep the place orderly.
have a great night!
Happy birthday !
love you .
I now u told me u want some I said no then u said its god
Top of the Block 2012 is on the books.
Word is already on the street.
Bigtime.
RnBThrowBacks Ray J  One Wish
Confrontation w/LAPD?
Could it be that a cop wanted something and the guy said no?
maybe he hasn't done anything wrong??
you should at least follow me if you're going to follow these mindless internet entrepreneurs, or whatever
Back 2 work ....GOOD MORNING !!!
And a GREAT WEEK !!!
Seeing nick jonas on broadway.
orchestra seats boom.
Come and savor some Sangria tonight..we have 5 glasses of red or white your pick
Try doublehyphen, scowl, doublehyphen, curse, authoritative tap on hyphen key, choice curse, slam laptop closed, doctornk, bed.
DialogLLC: Names University of Tennessees Andoctora Baer the 2010 Roger K.
Summit Scholarship Winner at SLA2010 ...
Beautiful ballpark in Pittsburgh; great fans too.
Have fun!
THANK YOU to our panelists MediaBreakfast this AM: cc:
We're using LauraEvans.
See you there!
doctorw you're
Dig RT But please, don't compare occupywallstreet to the Arab Spring.
Those kids fought and died for rights you were born with.
FemTechNet Can't wait for Fall 2013 to see this open massively collaborative feminist technology course come to life!
Gonna be a fun year.
Dear dude with purposefully offcenter soul patch: no...seriously....no...
Jaywalking cops out again at Conn  K St NW  be cautious!
Today's wonder of SCIENCE: before surgery, they took my temperature with a small wand they touched to my forehead.
I never tweet anymore!
I would delete this account but the crew follows me, so HECK NO!
:
RT : Ryan: reporting that Orioles P Tsuyoshi Wada will require seasonending Tommy John surgery.
This game is what I woke up to?
.
lol i know.
i was just messing too lol
Looking at course schedule for next Spring and considering textbook adoptions.
I SMELL ANOTHER UPSET!!!
marchmadness I LOVE MARCH CHAOS
Probably gonna buy my shirt, poster, and bracelets on Friday!
:
Here with My Bestie
That's what I'm saying!
I definitely disagree :
Blazers are fuckin' up right now.
Dallas looks sharp as hell.
Roger Goodell just demoted Gregg Williams to the 9th Ward's Pop Warner league.
My beauty sleep was interrupted far too many times last night...I don't know if coffee can fix this.
Happy 11/1/11 everybody!
Unless of couse, you end up dealing with us.
Lists are useful and important  add Tao of Twitter to reading list
Congratulations to the newly elected NASPA leaders and board members!
Two strong leaders from to represent!!
The Sky Under Sea 3
Dude it was straight up like 6 cars.
Looking for the funny in film form?
Look no further than the MKE Film Festival, which opens today.
Exactly!
Kind of a onepage hub to my online self.
I just don't really know how to use it yet.
: u were replaced..
With tupac hologram.
I'd rather it be a slash hologram.
Or a giant vodka bottle...
Seeking an entry level Archivist to work evening hours for a newspaper in Chicago, IL!
Spaceballs has quite the fan following here at PEMCO.
Have a great time watching it tonight!
Waiting for the McNuggets.
looks like you guys saw him just in time : Singer Andy Williams has bladder cancer
Damn, Spurs aren't doing so hot ad they get all the pieces back
Real life bro.
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
Really liking Lucy Liu's character on Southland.
Tonight's Padoctors telecast 'Coors Cold Hard Blast' was a Homer from Hudson.
LAST NIGHT!
Been illustrating all day, my eyes are starting to tweak out, it's a good sign that I should go home.
If only blk folks will realize that President Bill Clinton was another President who was horrible for minorities the better.
i 3 lola !
have lots of friends that are Filipino Very cool.
I can probably bring a LOT of business to you!
Get the most money for your books after your finals!
Sell them to BookHolders!
Open until 10pm during finals week.
Looking forward to connecting with therapists in the next couple of weeks about their summer work needs.
It's closer than it seems!
And let the bachelorette festivities begin!!
:
We on the same page Boo: omg I thought I was all alone too lls...good to know another soul is with me 
sorry I though u were a boy
if it doesn't work, just type in jayofthreep into YouTube.
The song is called no days off.
they need to do a little clip of all your expressions the first few x you went out with all wives lol
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its intrinsic limits and obstacles.
you Go To Sleep Tahhahahha
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
Wow!
Can't believe avon lost the pat mcafee challenge :/
Virtual Choir Water Night is quite beautiful.
3, 736 videos at once to make some choral music.
Voicing a community
Hanging out with my sister and nephews:
Jared Weaver was a beast!!!!
The Yankees got the wrong brother
We saw you there!
At with my new iphone
We have the best clients, hands down!
I have 4 little girls playing with my hair right now
ICONic Boyz should b back on abdc to win mayb next year
Best laugh on the internets.
Would love it!
Can you send your recipe to ?
I like our horoscope today!
If he only knew!!!
Got me going crazy.
He just might be special.
People who lack the courage, will or determination to follow their own doctorams will often find ways to discourage yours
or do the song names get put on ur page?
Or would I just have to tune in tonight  listen?
RT Paint wall behind sink/commode a contrasting color to help w/ bathroom independence.
Clearly NASCAR is on instead of the 5pm news.
But switch over to ch 13/49 for the 8 o'clock news on PDXTV later.
There will be a quiz.
BbbBennie and the jets ; 33
Thanks, Lea!
Am going to engage in chat today, too.
Worst current rule in CBB: min.
25 scholie rule..it doesn't help anyone, just less kids on scholie now..
Pointless..
Me and kethia
thx did u like movie?
follow me maybe ???3
a grueling day of jury duty makes me a sad girl
Eat something
Good one.
search your gmail for a confirmation email?
Hello I just launched me website check it out please give me some feed back Thanks www.kidshardwarekompany.com
ECERY JUSTIN BIEBER FAN GO ON FACEBOOK AND TELL DESTINY RAE SPAZ NOT TO HATE ON BIEBER, she posted a status saying she hates him n hes ugly
Went to a audition today it went pretty decent.
Like always got some things to work on and improve.
I still feel bad though ..
n oh today aaye;
OK See you there
Thanks so much for following me you made my year!!!!
please tinychat again
I hate twofaced people wit a passionn.
rude skinny al
TOPLESS TOPLESS TOPLESS!!
Why arent u in here with us have a few doctornks??
Cum smoke some hookah and grab a dance from your favorite lady!
Intense discussion about our action plans in small groups ...
:o thanks for the follow sexy!
Thanks for your help.
He can reach me on 2028248213 any time today.
StatCounter finds 1366 x 768 to be most popular screen resolution for the first time
HA!
We are bitches
Nope QT : Havent i been there every other weekend
You were really classy falling face down outside of N's.
Oh, you're pressed?
Stay pressed.
Yeah, it's called a Fitbit.
Tracks steps, miles, floors, calories burned...
and attaches to a website to track food/sleep/etc.
I'll b here teaching tomorrow too and next week sometime!
National Mom39;s Nite Out at Montgomery Mall  Philadelphia Public ...
So um gotta go back to MAC cause the stupid man gon give me NW45 when I specifically said NC45, ugh.
I should've paid attention
a big shout out to the ladies of who start their tour with tonight in Winnie, Tx ...
kill it girls...
love, dbd
Who says nothing is impossible.
I've been doing nothing for years.
Anonymous
yussh; he is an epicfail at
goodnight world, just finished eating panda express and now headed to sleep.
Good look on the follow im goin to follow you with my music twitter its i got you right now
Avatar looks awesome!
sorry, this is that one in a million case of two wrongs making a delicious right.
Happy Social Media Day!
Surely they will.
You rock!
cc:
patiently sitting here waiting for you to tweet me21 I love you Peytonnnn
Thanks and for this great SMPP conference call!
Y'all rock.
Man is certainly stark mad; he cannot make a flea, yet he makes gods by the dozens.
can I get a RT for my birthday?!
:
Ficellin in the rain is the most romantic way to start your week.
Just landed Metro Center!!
thank  I'm following now.
Gift cards r available for purchase at Royal Ink!
A tattoo is an awesome gift to give when u can't figure out what to get!
673  1550
I disagree with the support for gay marriage.
Where is your source?
But I agree with you, it's a play to his base.
Farmboy legend Emo Manuel plays leads on Jack and Jill and The Rocker.
Love that dude.
Escape from the doctor's office complete.
Now it's time to figure out how far behind that left me.
I LOVE YOU RED!
Bout to get it popn in LA as Brooklyn will be in the area!!!!
Getn live 2nit w/ !!!!
Nerd me here i come ;
the more people, the more sucessful.
;
you dont feel good to??xD iam not going to school
The River Thames Queen39;s Diamond Jubilee Pageant  Broadly ...
Did you know that your 100 lifetime BFC membership will pay for itself in member discounts in less than a year?
I love winwin scenarios!
Oh snap daughter...
watch your language..
TAMAR IS STRAIGHT UP GOOFY!!
I can't take her serious.
Too many women in that family
I'm on my way.
Be there shortly.
And...it's a six game day, with the possibility of one more.
SOCA x 3, AAU x 3.
Just add coffee.
Mos Wanted Crew is my favorite tbh
I can legally give cards to another deputized registrar to turn in to tax office.
The tax office is the registrar of voter's office
I can give u 25 reasons why
Cards are close to choosing an heir to Larussa according to
MY cat is doctorving me crazy.
Thoughts on the weeknd?
Kemba Walker can ball.
He'll be a solid pro as well.
Lots of grit mixed in with the flash of his game.
Really inspired me to look into technology for viable income streams.
Thanks
looking like that OG baller with no armsleeves or tights last night.
lol im back in this bitch
is doing hair!
Will post pics later!
May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine.
Frank Sinatra
I need a real bitch I need a real bitch ass like Trina n ha brains is da business lol
my spirit is bruised but not broken.
I guess Daniel Day Herrera is shitty.
RT : Is it to early to go back to a regular pic cause my pic is Major!
FreePillsyeah its too early
Back at the theater tonight!
Get you tickets for NEXT at www.here.org
Getting pumped for this Dance
Now you just need to live like a porn star also :
Excited for our afternoon work outing!
is heading to I better learn how to bet before noon...
Finishing up reread of childhood classic Melendy series by Elizabeth Enright with SPIDERWEB FOR TWO.
netflix is awesome on a lazy Saturday morning.
I'm tired of Peter Frampton.
RICKEY IS TRACKING.
Looking at faces, following basic commands.
Wiggling toes, small smiles, making fists.
GOD IS MERCIFUL
yeah it definitely does
Cuddle session on the floor
Also on a separate note ...
After weeks of searching we found after prom doctorsses !!
.
I'm a bitch?
Fine.
Its just my opinion!
I just want to see her happy!!
She fucking deserves it!!
thanks guys!
Truly
Somewhere in the ghetto there's a baby daddy getting cus'd out or kicked out of his house...
Farmer's Market for some mutsu apples...brunch outdoors...
because it isn't discreet at all, you should wanna be tactful at all times.
miss u come to san Diego now!
Pectin lowers LDL cholesterol.
People who eat two apples per day may lower cholesterol by as much as 16 percent.
lol I bet!!
When are you coming back stateside?
Coworker got laid off today...
Super bummed!
She was nice!

need your expertise, new startup, tried Skyping you off your site, email me to get the ball rolling
I feel so much better now
How can I get some music to you!!
Ur gonna like this great artist from jersey city..
Yep!
RT Awesome tweeting people!
ok, sorry I couldn't get you one last night.
Let me know how she likes it!
got mine...she TOO fine...thank ya Lawd cause I woke up next to my Valentine!
EVERYDAYS THE FOURTEENTH!
You always fuck up the plans.
damn 
I actually had a fun night!
My first official tweet!
A day I know myself and all 6 of you following will never forget.
me ma..forget them..lol..follow me
l know you're having a crazy week.
Thought they'd make you smile.
:
Getting on a page on SXSW mag
I'm really enjoying it so far.
It's much easier for me to keep up with, than FB.
Versace Showdown: Nicki Minaj Delivers a Massive Attack Nicki Minaj and Blake Lively are on absolute opposite sides of the fashion spectr
The trunk or treat went amazing!
Now time to attempt to wash all this glitter out of my hair...
Hm...
At 6 basis points better than last week, the 30year fixedoctorte mortgage averaged 4.49 percent in Freddie Mac's
Thinking that Matt Cooke enjoys playing with Crosby.
3 goals in 2 games.
Congrats for book 3 which has hit the best seller.
U really trying to extend this lead.
I am going to catch up.
Believe lol
Happy President's Day.
What are you doing to celebrate?
i'll live to live.
thanks for the follow
2.50 Bud light pints all night!!!!
Mention this tweet and get a FREE APPETIZER tonight See ya soon!!!
John Carter prod budget: 250m.
WW gross: 269m.
No doubt bad numbers, but biggest flop?
Really?
RT : God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself.
Because apart from him, there is no such thing.
Today's NY Times crossword took me to the brink, but I brought myself back.
Tuesday Tasting tonight at  Chardonnay Challenge!
Starts at 7:30 pm.
20 per person.
We ain't gotta get doctornk to have fun.
I like it when jford gets real
yes!
Loved that one.
I want a Dee Brown Celtics jersey too.
Man, I love throwbacks.
Thank god this week is over!
Archon on Sat was awesome.
Sat in on several author panels.
Angie Fox and M R Sellars are great panelists.
4 romanceinthebackseat.com
RT : These things always come in threes.
These things always come in trees.
As the deal came to a close, Mark and Kevin sat outside and ate steaks and ice cream...
Never give s man your money, never give a woman your heart, and never give Satan your soul.iQ
Congrats to  you are currently trending in DC!
Fosterly Hope your event is going well!
Happy Valentine's Day!
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
I wish you all a glimpse of heaven today!
Write the god damn stories you owe me
i guess it's that time of year again onemoreyear!
Vampire life
Have yall seen the picture with andys room and the shadow
Hazzah : just won first prize in the design competition!
Way to go brother!!
The person afraid to fight always goes home with a black eye.
omg i remember when you guys only had like 56 followers.
lol im so excited for this.
lol nothing we were playing :P
WOOORRDD!!!!
: I love my Cowboys!!
CHICKEN THREE WAYS  confit leg quarter, pan roasted breast, smoked wing: Carolina gold rice, buttered peas, mushroom pan
Doing S.S projectt.
Not in Miami boo I'll never work in Miami again..
Last night was a one time thang!!
And I got blessed I love Broward niggas
Weirdly, the Tokidoki love makes my hand feel better.
Thank you!
Getting some more Tuesday i wanna do something special for
it was pure coincidence.
The fig inspires poetry.
My boyfriend's alarm ringtone so gay.
3
I always bring my A game.
Haha!
That's awesome!
Exuberance is a good stimulus towards action, but the inner light grows in silence and concentration
To say this penalty kill is important is an understatement.
Pretty much everything at this point is.
I need all that but a new job first.
Haha
Ravens take DT DeAngelo Tyson with seventh round pick.
Should be a good backup for Terrance Cody with Brandon McKinney leaving for Colts.
Yo the heck is up with Brons mouthpiece though?!
Welcome to the black and gold!
Can't wait to see you dominate!
RT: We about to be people's worst nightmare
What a great day in Madison WI and Omaha NE!
The temps outside are nice and the wind is perfect.
Now if the sun would just come out.
this was meant from me.
If you're in need of a great videographer check out my cousin's work !!
Oh, I do love it!
Probably too much!
Ha!
great cover like always 3
your always just checking in lol :p
at least that means you still have WiFi!
clever huh?
I thought so.
lolol
YES!
I love the cape!
America!
F Yeah  my tastebuds during pumpkin pie.
Thus ends my belated Thanksgiving dinner.
yea we will figure it out, ill ask him in the morning, he went to bed
What's goin on kid?
Finding new roommates, while much easier than finding a new home, is definitely not a super simple process.
One just got away.
Key averages up from session lows.
Declines seen of 0.7 or less in final hr of trading.
who cares if you clutch late when your cluth early
that's a great mission!
RT : Did you know Volunteer Fairfax was founded on May 6, 1974?
We Just celebrated our 38th birthday!
Working 7hour shifts and only gettin 3hours of sleep
All I Want is to go see one direction in concert and meet the 5 boys who have became a big part of my life.
Is that to much to ask!?
backinthe90s was getting his balls licked in the Oval Office by
I filed for disability for my broken heart.
Looking for innovators, discoverers  entrepreneurs to join RBMasons I.D.E.A.
Factory/Network  help solve the world's pressing problems.
Really enjoying learning thesis.
Every time I look up 4 o'clock again.
jealous have fun, be safe, listen to lots of reggae...
as responsibly as you can.
who has the ipad?
Tennis anyone?
Cast members Chris Sullivan, Keith Nobbs featured in USTA Magazine this month, took in SamprasAgassi at MSG Mon.
night.
Got Done doin great video work in TheCastle its self..
crazy game
SIDETRAIN, SCRATCH, DIGGER, 2HUNERD, Q pretty good crew
Super cute
We can help the indie artist make more  at the gig.
We ARE merch!!
Hit us.
Been at it nearly 20 years.
Peace!
GetAustinToTheTop10 come on: please?
lol!
It happens!
Friday the 13th don't spill any salt
Just because you have the right to your opinion does not mean that your opinion is right
Yeah...
Weddings!
We love bachelorette parties!
Enjoyed Seth Rogen as Paul.
do not even start to mention the phrase moving party
No no further for your webbased Inventory Management System and for Inbound Package Tracking.
Get your Demo scheduled today!
ok I feel it
that's when u hope for good craft services
nice job packers
you are always first, Matt.
Springtraining is here!!!
MLB all day, everyday!
And being at the Levine Tuesday really made me proud to be an alum of UNCC and
: The pick up is official.
Castle.
Season 5.
Cheers.
yes!!!!!!!
Yes!
RT Their, there and they're people!
Learn them!
Thanking the big man upstairs for waking me up another morning
Mitt's Twitter handle is
RT Essential read for anyone in digitalpreservation MT How You Can Help Launch a Digital Preservation QA Si...
We're choosing a theme for our 2012 event and need your help.
TEDxABQ.
2 words.
Go!
Who thought it would be so hard to get responses to project inquiries when you're working with a 7 fig budget
you need friends in life.
Ill be yo friend
thanks for RT  glad you liked it...
Have the BEST sister and am truly thankful for the relationship I enjoy with Love you sis!!
HappySabbath my pretties...
: God bless.!
Have a wonderful weekend.!
Great meeting with Kyle  Lexington Legends!!
Cant wait for Prevent Child Abuse Night 4132012 plan to join us!
Happy Mother's day to all the Mommies!
And guys, remember, anything 'As Seen On TV' is not a great gift idea.
Unless it's a 'forever lazy'.
I love to happydance RT : I am doing a happydance ....
It's not pretty I can tell you!
But makes me feel good!
way to get quoted!
:
we had an intern do exactly this a few years back.
pretty awesome.
has a very accurate opinion of my day to day activities
goin to sleep now goodnight yall
Heading to the airport in the tomorrow...
Good Morning.
Hope everyone had a great weekend.
Happy Monday.
Let's get back to this grind!
Well, I have an hour to kill and it's writing day!
Bed time
you just did!.: lol what you up to?.: omg i gotta tell you something!:o
I was just at Fridays : Kickback off camp creek
No it on fb
i guess you gotta be from the UK to order the personalized dvd :/
Throughout my days i dnt smile i just get upset
oh shit!
Sounds more like a nightmare LOL!!
I am supposed to be doing a show out there in vail sometime over the summer
YAY!
Happy almost Birthday!
yea im damn near naked its so hot.
in this bitch want to lay up under me go home shit
You know she could pull the punch out and acted like you instead of you coming for the kill on this.
We would like to see your sexting skills this morning.
Sext WFNX and your message to 22122...
standard msg and data rates apply.
Grant Cohoe, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
After that last tweet, I officially recognize I'm too old to use kewl Ugh.
your welcome :
THANKS.
I know I am enjoying!
stop flirting with my sister u weirdo.
RTd from posterous them found you on Tw.
I enjoyed the light paintings.
UK is going to take it all this year
gotta say amare came to play
i give her that D cause thats where i was born and raised in...
Great word today at Ebenezer.
The power of servanthood was one of doctorKings major teachings as all of us can serve.
it turns out that we can't get involved with BMC's event at the dealership level.
Has to go through corporate.
Gala only.
Sorry
someone said it was good for hair and I thought there was a different one for skin.
Maybe I confused myself, lol.
Perfect day to be all cuddled up watching movies!
Going out tonight?
Always have safe and reliable transportation.
We accept all major credit cards with no minimum payment!!
5207981111
Some girls done got did so wrong in the past that they're afraid of Love now..
Too afraid to fall cuz they feel they wont be caught again.
Headed out for First Friday?
Stop by Gallery 924 to see Seeking Shelter  the Artsgarden for Decline by photographer M.W.
LaFary.
I izzzz lil' chika'.
Don't you worry about me!
Omg I have EOCs!
I'm so nervous.
Take me to the FITCToronto already!
ain't my friend that trick fam
I'm tired of Chase sending me texts every morning to tell me I'm broke.
I missed the Kentucky/Kansas nationalanthem, but based on my feed it was outstanding.
you're the only one that got it!
Can't wait to finally see them together!
:
Haha I'm right there with ya
I get sick every weekend ...
I gotta bundle up better!
Deja Vu!
to see you again...TheLorax premiere was a blast and the movie is fantasticyou gotta see it:
We have selected childoctorn's shoes marked at 75 Off.
Brands like UMI, Garvalin, and Naturino.
Hurry they're going fast!
he was up and ready by the time we just woke up
I like sluts
i broke my thumb nail and it makes typing on my iphone 100 easier
AZIATIX performing on MAMA.
Eddie Shin 3
Wisdom is acknowledging the fact that you don't know EVERYTHING!
Let's get it :
that's really funny.
Heading to Latino Film Festival for Cielo Abierto doc about El Salvador civil war.
Will be listening for some voseo.
i wish i could  each one of you.
YOU MADE THIS HAPPEN!
YOU EARNED IT.
you guys rock!
THANK YOU !!
this game is ugly
Aw shucks!
It was our pleasure.
jom
love is just a game...
But was it large enough to fit?
man I wish I could do that, how about an air high five  a follow back?
Thanks for following, I appreciate it!
I think I might take a shot or two to help me sleep
I the enormity of what I intend to do this summer is making me cranky.
It's just better suited to the comic book medium.
Something cool can happen every issue.
You don't have to build to a season finale.
What to get for her or do ?
O.o
Two Hearted Ale  German translation  the Shinspleasant Sunday evening.
maybe her new man will be able to afford a real one.
What's your fave photo of mine?
Click share and share it with friends!
Xo
Cabby K's another Red Wolf.
2 down.
bases still loaded
On set...there is both hustle and bustle
that's a feeling of love?
Can get twitterific to work .
This sucks
It still would've been better with an elephant
You didn't follow me back lol .
.
She said some summer fun !
Just don't tell us we suck...lol.
yes, vinyl will be available soon.
Thanks for the support!
ronpaul  fiscal discipline
Hello Friday.
It's good to see you.
I know!
I wish I had texted you like I had thought about doing in the back of my mind, we coulda caught up!
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you !
we loveU12
We're on a roll!
woo thanks!!
Make that 'loose' not 'floppy' so much.
Hudson news at 2000 penn in foggy bottom
that is exactly why I don't share food with anyone.
shudder
Health is Wealth.So take proper care of your health specially skin.
you seriously have THE worst customer service imaginable at your Albuquerque, NM Coronado location!
i THOUGHT that was you!
LOL
Watching a documentary about america.
Bringing tears to my eyes
Me too!
Really enjoying speaking about clinical innovation.
End users often agents of change.
another long islander!
: Folks know me as a radio geek.
Now I'm outing myself as a radio CHART geek, too.
Read my interview w
hey follow me, tell Kobe to pass you the ball more
I know!
walked out to get my mail and almost fell, twice.
Glad that school is still closed tomorrow.
I'm just trying to stay as HOT you!
Thanks for your support Geena!
YouKnowImMad if I text you K
Watching Ridiculousness!
Its the episode.
ITS EPIC!
XD
Happiest team in the tournament: Baylor.
Colorado, Xavier  Leigh in its end of the bracket.
By far the easiest road to the elite eight.
You are connected all right.
To outdated ideas!
Grow up.
: Want to stay connected?
it's up to you.
:o
Big out
interesting.
I feel their pain.
Nebraska go about 4 inches on Saturday.
I already knew the Thunder were gonna win.
How?
The Thunder are a good team.
conversation between 10 yr old girls.
Monday, you're magnificent!
But I don't like the label stars.
Useful engagement AND being out in the community.

will minister at New Citadel of Hope Christian Church at 3201 Atlanta Industrial Parkway, Atlanta, GA 30331 tmister at 7:30pm!
Thanks for following 
thanks for coming through!
hope you enjoyed it!
Oh you acting brand new Ms.
Cammon
Today in history, a small town in Indiana was wired to run on all electricity.
A girl that knows her place never loses her position...
Ugh, I love!
lol your hash tag!
Last dam commercial,
seriously.
Tm only bans if they don't have control/make .
Been gr8 if plyrs had fam or brands take over handle
competitive but always room for something good and fresh
Thanks for the mentions!
Getting my hair lopped off after work tomorrow.
I cannot WAIT.
Although I will miss putting my hair in Leia buns.
lunchbreak errands for coworkers.
I believe that is my good deed for the day.
haha I'll help..
text me
can't wait for Monday night's investigation!
you are a theif!
you stole my heart:
Man on this bus is talking loudly on a cellphone about how someone 86ed him  filed a retraining order bc she was in fear ...uh wow
I asked that ?
earlier this week when a friend heard A professorund speech that said the same stuff I tell her all the time
i am starving but don't know what the hell to eat
odds that Collins red will be overturned??
the city is not better off than it was 5 years ago, still have a raging doctorg problem, Crime, Blight, AIDS, jobs are leaving
Can it be winter already please : lol
Bahahahahaaha ok ok good movie!
We really enjoyed your jam too John, thanks so much for joining us!
Im so nice  try to make everyone laugh  smile, but latley i been feeling kinda down /
Thanks for the linking Any chance you take some behindthescenes photos?
We could post them.
GREASE AUDITIONS TONIGHT!
69pm at St Joseph Medical Center Paterson NJ, INSIDE Giggles Theater on the 2nd fl of Seton Building .
His lawyer said that Zimmerman was frustrated that he had even been charged at all.
I cant TELL u how much this makes my brain explode.
omg where are you finding these topics?!?!
They are making me laugh too hard!!!
:D
will u help me get 100 followers plz
Watching Cupcake Wars and getting ready to bake some chicken.
Then some choco cookies for later.
Somebody told me light skinned niggas wasn't in nomore...
I said what about yellow niggas bitch haha!!
Every little bit gets us closer to our goal!
And sharing our site with others is also a huge help.
Welcome to twitter!
Loved you on NCIS and WaitingForLefty you segway riding son of a gun!
Just Noticed that I Sleep just Fine when I'm in NY but Noo here in FL I can't sleep fer Shitttt !
Just cant wait for the Doritos vending machine.
Imagine the 60 lb bags of msg.
omw home from running like shit at the casino all night.
How are you today sir?
I got stacks pops, don't worry
LIKE this status if you are ready for Spring  it officially starts TODAY!
Happy to hear your coming to the islands next month.
Making a stop here on Kauai?
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
i can't be the only one that thought the trailer was awesome...
: something new, not crabs or boh or hon or sports team logos.
Mantra of the Day: Always hustle harder.
Commission meeting is back in session.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
.........Time to work on my Music Pressed packageHThe Movement
did you just thank yourself for a RT?
I completely agree about engage, excite, and educate as goals of interaction
New York welcomes you back.
;0
Can I get Patrick Cox's direct line Please.
to late
Meet 2012 Weightlifting Olympian Sarah Robles
and having 1m when you retire is like paying yourself a taxfree salary of 50k a year for 20 years in addition to your 401k.
ATT service sucks, but I raise my glass to their commercial in the Rockies game.
I haven't.
These guys just sent me this prototype Friday.
Any other suggestions?
I'm sorry you hurt yourself, but your post totally cracked me up.
:D
3 RT : Cab doctorver's iPhone rings.
The ID read 'My Love.'
cba to cook dinner!
Hate being female.
Hi Tara, Thanks for the follow.
Cheers!
: Getting ready to RockChalk tonight!
NationalChampionship2012  not yet don't jinx it.
Gotta win tonight first
ugh so tired sigh i hate you mornings
The only downside of the cloud is losing your connection to the cloud
It's so damn cold in this classroom!
I'm about to go to bed early for once
MONEY IN DA BANK PRERELEASE PARTY
31, final match  darts.
We got this.
Rob Krosley  Kate Haralson will be playing in Mocha's  7pm TONIGHT!
Come and get 15 off Rob's favorite doctornk!
Huntsman: Teddy Roosevelt would support sciencebased public policy.
Eisenhower built interstate system, infrastructure
when disnt get it
He day has finally come.
Time to see in theraven with !!
Hope it's all we doctoramed it would be!
I think may 5th is the last day I'll be here.
When do you get home?
Just read about the game today.
So proud of u guys See you tomo!
GL
Saw your Improving Patient Safety...
Clinical Trial Education...Simulation  What is an Oncology CNS...
abstracts
My mom just came home from work .
we will soon, I love you guys 333
Wow she's suprozingly being nice to me...
go follow 3 its army3333
Involed in ReSearch to develop a Vegan Mix high in fiber, using whole grains, legumes, seeds,and spices.
For the Diet.
Adobe Story is AWESOME!!!
When I listen to the songs I love, with the volume the highest it can my heart beats out of my chest because of how much excitement I get.
When people wanna play  the staring game at a get together thats when shit gets awkward , why not just say  wassup?
thanks!
Great to see you!
Whenever you are having negative thoughts  low energy, take a breath  spend time revitalizing yourself  your whole outlook will improve!
i started at 6:45 and i just finished so yes :
Dear ESPN: Aaron Boone can sit anywhere in Yankee Stadium he wants to, even 2 rows in front of Tebow.
Back off.
But chase behind a broke nigga, complain about not having a job, and try to make everybody feel sad about ya but guess what
Thank you lovely 3 Happy easter to you too!
Have a wonderful day xoxo.
Designers: Do you have online portfolios?
Where do you keep them?
Facebook?
Pinterest?
Dancers are instruments, like a piano the choreographer plays.
George Balanchine
Let me be clear, this economic meltdown is NOT our fault!!!!!
If it wasn't for Bush, this never would have happened.
this girl on jeopardy is such a nerd...
love your Philly on the run blog post.
Just moved here from NYC and struggling to find quick vegan friendly options!
TGIF TFB TeamSwagger get with me I keep adding new Vegas VIP packages for ordinary people to turn into celebrity over night!
Dm me, holla
I just love how is txting me on her day off.
Ur never running too late to brush ur teeth  wash ur face....NEVER
....i swear i thought i was going to read hoes after ridin' haha
Home in time to watch Heat play :
oh GURL freaky as hell LMFAO
No SOPA mister Senator!
Just heard some mixes from my soon to be released MixTape.
does not play!!
I also disagree with the notion that unrefined whole grains, such as wheat, oats and rice are necessarily harmful
hey Lance, was seeing if you could join us on our show again Sunday May 20th?
If so, shoot me a direct message!
thanks!
i hope they remember this time .
i would email him about but i don't want to bug them.
And maybe if you get to him you could
Wow these girls are psycho!!;
putting your whole info out there cause your a THUG 
that is confusing and amazing
Street in La Boca?
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
Okay guys.
Good luck to everyone and hopefully this isn't the end!
I'm so not dwn w/ AZ,  I'm w/ my fav Warrior fan , So for now: LET'S GO WARRIORS!
Until u meet my again!
yeah!
Lol I put your email there and it changes it and says the MMS thing
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Come back again soon!
who are you talking aboutt?
Very happy with the Pacers pick.
They still have lots of  eager to see who they get next.
there'a no better feeling than saying the words, I'm going to Penn State..
Just ask
79, HOT, muggy, and SUNNY over here in Mishawaka.
What about your neck of the woods?
In the pool naked at 6pm.
Little Black doctorss Night starts at 8pm!!!
fuck dude you went so hard!
Got damn!
Texas multiple mamas?
If they wanted a hit show all they needed was this NJ twin mama ...
Tebow switched his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx, for NY.
Naming a pet for a team that can cut or trade you, twice, is...
naive at best.
Bring back GlassSteagall.
if you feel bad you can give your bear a snuggle.....he will make you feel better because he made with so much love 3
and Denorfia.
Who knew Yonder could run?
Just got done cookin Pork Chops, Rice, Mashed Potatoes w/ Gravy  Corn Bread..
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: A Johnston teen is still missing in the DSM River, an update on the deadly shooting of Iowa Realtor and severe wx!!
I tend to do the little things that go unnoticed
Smart and newish staffer Robin Moir already whipping some shape into our mulitple delivery systems.
you got that boy of yours working the back hand yet?
I saw Will Ferrell was trending so I watched SNL .
I will never trust a trending topic again.
That guy hasn't been funny in....ever.
Is Jill on Coke!
speed kills and I just think she ran all over us, I don't understand what she is saying
sometimes when laying down and typing my fingers slip and I doctorp my phone on my face.
Great screening of Last Call...
Well received...
Lots of laughs.
beautiful town  theater,
Watching Survivor: One World with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So glad to be here and not commuting from MKE anymore!
RT this place rules
The girls  I saw The Hunger Games last night.
I thought I was going to be lynched when I said that the movie was just OK.
I am my happiest, when I am with you 3
haha some rash
Lol mad cuz I'm Young Leek..ha!
Sing like no one's listening, love like you've never been hurt, dance like nobody's watching, and live like its heaven on earth.
Mark Twain
Watching the vow again 
Nickelback wearing Crocs  worst picture in my head ever :
What about Cousins
no not gone I've been busy starting up my daycare business.
Would you like to hold a Texas Hold em tournament?
No problem...we can do it all.
it's only 30 bucks we should get a group to goo
Carpe Diem indeed!
Way to tough it out Look forward to following your progress on your current Everest climb...
lol she has won enough over time
please go follow :
poor wittle baby.
I have exams to worry about.
Done nothing but study all day.
My brain is dead.
likewise, welcome to Twitter!
Every time I remember that John Krazinski is married I get do sad
Don't bother.
I've sat for him twice...he's never been able to captainre my true essence.
We have Special Lunch  Mi Nidito, between 11:30 am to 3:30 pm.
Enjoy Mexican cuisine!
Check this out www.miniditoonline.com
Aurora Borealis is like reallife shield pulsation from Star Trek, saving us from highenergy particle damage!
LarrySexTapeLeaked Nickelodeon wants this?
Lolz they don't know what their getting into.
stop complaining.
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend.Have a blessed best Easter ever!
Easterbunny weekend.
You could have danced all night!
I admire Bhutto for doing what she did as a woman in a Islamic country, but I disagreed with some of her politics.
A good cliche: listening to The Ventures, about to paddle out.
Lights out again!
Let's play hide n seek in Keisel's beard!
text me or call me now i need to talk to u.
Leaving Davenport Iowa after 3 days of workshops.
Enjoyed staying in Moline.
A very cool downtown.
Shoutout to Dead Poets Coffee House.
be careful what you wish for cuz you just might get it.
id make it to the one today but im at college for a bit...
Registered for DCLX!
Can't wait.
I'm good.
Sorry for my late reply.
How was your flight?
And how was your New Year's?
Agreed!
Tom is probably pissed.
haha
oh,  the money.
I still gotta find the money for a ticket awk.
I don't think my babysitting this summer will pay for one lol.
thanks Brian.
It's great to be enjoying my 4th year of double digits.
And I think I saw some armpit hair yesterday ;
NF welcome I cant wait to read your tweets  to all followers go follow him he'll follow back
Thinking cap's on.
Yes!
Reading at the Tattered Cover May 24th.
Thank you for the excellent recommendation that's great to know about.
I'm sleepy but can't sleep...
Nothin new
hey jake!!
hope you are well
Groovy, groovy...
tell me about it
YES!
Thanks for smushing my face w/ ur fingertip!
Where can I see results?
JW
Rough loss by the Eagles last night; Chances for you to get back on the winning side coming soon.
starts TOMORROW!
When your phone is about to die and your not near your charger
Eric Cooper and Dino in Long Beach, CA together HS Hoops look out LOL
I'm ready for you.
I'd love to, but only if we can talk about the Patriots foolishly underutilizing the best football player ever
ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen this psych final tomorrow.
cost of education rising way faster than incomes but your opinion is just meh, accept it  stop complaining?
cc
thanks my girl!!
Lol
I sneak up behind u,grab u by the neck then lick the side if ur face.Pull ur pants down,bend u over,panties 2the side  fuck the shit out u!
: I need a girl with moe class den teachers As in the bar tender from thesimpsons?
I'm back in bed.
Working tonight is gonna be unreal.
I need sleep!!
: 
Procrastination: the topic today on my Leadership Inside and Out Coaching Circle.
Next week: money.
Making more and being friends with it!
page 6.
My bad.
Not sure how I will sleep tonight.
see you there
ChiTown fam.
u are full of sass tonight
having is always so much more enjoyable!
:
def forgot about lunch today
if you want to you can
My granma just be calling my grandad when he be by my mama's .
Lmao ..
He be snapping
Look at Uniteds face!
Sometimes you gotta accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they use to be.
it won't work from my iPhone so yea lap top will have to do
Family planning is coming back in vogue, discussing the importance of family planning and population.
When guys say Lol
Just because I'm not talking, doesn't mean that I'm in a bad mood.
Sometimes I just want you to be the one to start the conversation.
Heat fans don't exist until the team is winning.
When the chips are down they retreat into their holes.
subbing in for DJ FREDX tonight.
Ready...set...get down.
: Despite the loss...
the  ACB tailgate, match, and tacos at Bananas was a REALLY great time.
RCTID LAaway yup
Going to take myself out on a study date soon to Starbucks3
Meant to say last Sunday that did a great job at the Rumble .
All those 3 amigos !
Great props to your Uncle Eddie !
I have an overstock of Watkins cookie mixes at my home , if interested to buy email me ok, 5.00 each free shipping in USA, Shortbread Mix
My eyes have been puffy all day..
loved by many, im still lonely
where's the protest now?
follow pretty please!
Come visit at
I'm just a SUCKA for ur LOVE!!!
hearts
The road to riches I see the yellow brick Road
Bitter Sweet Symphony.
Hey guess what...
I LOVE U!
Utah Jazz, 8 seed...u chased it.
San Antonio Spurs ERASED it!
SWEEP!!
OnToTheNextRound!
GoSpursGo!
I'm gonna get you get you doctornk, get you doctornk on my lady hump.
my hump.
my hump.
my lovely lady hump.
Your so freaking desperate , just stop .
Being single ain't that bad !
Watching it rain.
What a motivation killer.
Need to be working.
Just got back from Trader Joe's.
Nostalgia music still going.
And there's a nasty smell in my fridge.
Ah, bachelor life..
I love
congrats on the pick up...I love the show
Going over castings.
I hate the cold!!
Anything under 60 is to cold for me
Just got new shoes!
you can stop by any time.
I think I should make it to my 900 tweet tonight!
I'll be doing some jousting on Good Morning San Diego this morning.
If you can't watch on TV you can watch live streaming at kusi dot com
Me is who I am and nobody can change that.
yes yes pleasee!
i am already planning my birthday gift for you :
Today, one of those days the universe reminds me I did the right thing.
Awesome byproduct of last night's Beef Short Ribs is the bag of delicious bones in my freezer for the pup!
It came from the description of him in the newspaper article.
Defense: Love told friend, relationship w/Huguely was fine days before her death, George was just acting crazy.
: Niggas be trynna play ppl on twitter i swear!
lol
Norfolk State!!!!
oh great!!!
Thank you!!
I'm still working on that for you : but thanks for this one!
Its good mood food.
EVERYBODY..CHECKOUT ABOVE THE NATURALFIGURE ME OUT...ON YOUTUBE NOW!!!AMAZING RAPPER......
Now she needs to make a sex tape with me so we can claim it got stolen, sue someone and get paid to release it
My shiny teeth sparkle just like the stars in space...
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Verb got bodied?
LOL; right.
Safeway only had scrawny little beets left.
Gotta go back in the next day or two: Beets rock!
I've had Same Song and Dance stuck in my head all day.
but have you done it again?
Goodnight World ...
Much love
huge news!
Congrats!!!
We all blame you.
;
NSAI is so great to us interns.
For our last week of the semester, we had a wonderful lunch with some really funny convo!
sorry I tweeted from Mariselas account :b
That is one important cat!
Mavis Staples  Wade In The Water  05:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Searching my movie archives for clips of CNN cutting away after O clinched  promised to stop ocean rise.
RT : I have it on good authority that you could hear the roar well into the NW neighborhood.
hi i miss you come back into my life, lets ichat son k cool : See i hit you up!
Ended the night with
Reading old love letters can be a VERY interesting experience.
She was wearing Nike air force 1's lol...
What a dummy
My sister doesn't go to work until 3, but she said she doesn't have time to go help me get job applications..
Ugh.
hey i love you so much 3
George Bush's namesake Houston airport Fail Wifi doesn't work.
They need some strategery here to fix it.
And the flight's delayed 1.
is ready for some football!
He say he like my SWAG but he in LOVE with my SEX i say i like yo FACE but im in LOVE with Yo NECK
celeste kinginger at icc2012 with a practical need to understand meaning  form in linguistics: to know if you are being flirted with.
good point.
Can hire someone to cover business weaknesses.
Can't hire someone to do your burpees for you.
In the stock markets.
off come the gloves.
Game on for the shorts now that the quarter ending influence is over.
No new necessary
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
a writers guide to fiction by elizabeth lyon
my stress level just shot up!!
these teachers with their papers and exams are gonna give me a heart attack
I still have to give that show a go.
Catch up online this summer maybe.
thought about it....gonna cool off nice later though, hoping I got some chicken left in the freezer
How bout them reds
does he wear flannel everyday too?
:
yay i have people following me...
:
Hey tweets, avoid I95 north bound south of 112.
It's a parking lot.
Buy some tickets from us for Wednesday's show!!!!
We gots plenty to sell!!!!!
I'm watching G.I.
Joe: The Rise Of COBRA.
Why?!?!
Living Young Wild  Free 
I'd like to see an alliance of houses Stark and Atreides.
I think that'd be pretty rad.
The Harkonnens and Lannisters can suck it.
shit over here gettin to the money and workin on this music!
wen u get back ?
All Monney isen't Good Money.
It's Like Loyalty, It's Very Hard to Come By.
Thanks for the follow guys ;o
that traffic was nuts..
we cut up Glenwood to roach way
OMG!
I'm afraid of them dont make it worse.
RT I have friend who went to ER because bug crawled in his ear  wouldn't come out
I dig it!
All over FB.
:
Loved your presentation at getradical this weekend!
haha what makes you say that?
Hey, that's MY banana
where are you Ms simmons
U gotta be very careful today is Friday the 13th
great season thanks.
Westfield targets 'middle ground' with launch of 'Hospital Treatment Insurance' HTI could develop 'new market' between cash plans and PMI
U ain't neva met Martin Lutha the King.
Lol Hands down!
organization of info hmwk finally makes sense after...
10 hours.
thank you,
3 hours until the Avengers...
stoked doesn't begin to describe how I'm feeling
Welcome to twitter!
Liver from pastured animals are delicious and healthy!
Yay, good.
:D I won't get in your way!
Sick wife and a sick dog....got to keep the kids healthy, or it isn't going to be much of a weekend!
Yes, Omaha gets expansion team in Lingerie Football Leaguewill play 2 game home schedule spring 2013 fans asked to suggest team names
Contact Ohio Special Services Group today for your Investigation  Protective Services needs.
Free initial consultation.
Songs I have been stuck on today: theme to Sanford  Son, and Baby on Board by Homer Simpson  the Be Sharps.
Explanations?
Bledsoe is taking some awful shots right now.
Let's go grizz!
Purp Purp Purp Purp Yea You Know I Got That Purp, Got That OG Girl Scout Cookie n Cherry Pie, No Not Desert ;
you play on Xbox?
Now this is a storm wacoweather 
Stevie is about make me loose it!!!!!
And he hasn't even started singing yet :
awesome shit huh?
Cash for candy window display planning...
Nov.
2 Monday
what is your nationality?
Shop there..
you got some pornos I can watch ?
hahaha .
newfacebook the only good thing is the bigger pictures other than that i now have over 200 people on chat.and the ticker makes me dizzy
I want to be cool enough to be ranked.
what does that mean?
Haha
you're killing me!
My flight on the way to Chicago was cancelled, and my flight back to Minneapolis was delayed two hours.
What's up?
I no longer hate Kansas fans.
They are actually very gracious in defeat.
My new enemy?
OSU fans.
Hater upon haters upon haters.
Now that you mention it...
ME EITHER!
Its going to be so fun : We can jam to One Direction all the way there!
email sent!
lmfao the dancing lobsters!!
That pony will be the centerpiece of my trophy ....
RT While you're doctoraming I'd like a pony...
GREAT MORNING!!!
: A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity!
Buddha
Hope everyone had a great New Year's!
We will be closed today  tomorrow.
We will reopen on Tuesday with normal hours
Nothing more true!
We often forget that.
Employers asking for your facebook password in an interview?
I would RUN!
..
what's good bro??
So I don't SPAM y'all from my main account, follow me here for the latest on jamberrynails!
Or maybe they prefer things over LOVE.
Either way, its sad.
Yes it is!
The funny thing is the same speech therapist that told me he was done is working with him again!!!
Really don't want to go back to waking up at 6 every morning ...
summer2012 where ya at?
I NEVER BEEN THA TYPE TO RUN MY MOUTH IM THE KING OV THA CASTLE BITCH I RUN MY HOUSE
We need to discuss where your priorities are at!
Good evening ladies  gents.
Me  hannah singing call me maybe in our tight doctorsses?
Hahaha oh these teachers are gonna be glad were leavin!
Frolik is getting the GWG tonight.
He just is.
A big shout out to the hard of hearing!!!
hey can you hook me up i gotta group n we ready to make sum music can u help?
Spent all night watching season 6 of Dexter.
Now I need to watch the first 5 seasons...
I hate the time difference between the USA and the UK, and most mahomies are sleeping still:'
Do you think one of the Gronkowski brothers might have SB46 tickets?
Maybe I'll beg one of them.
You're right!
The sun is wonderful in the winter, unless you're doctorving, then it's right in your eyes.
Lol
Oh, girl, you know I already set my alarm and found a route to the roof.
Sorry about that guys.
It happens.
Theres no such thing as fate, nothing is meant to be...coincidence, thats all anything ever is, nothing more than coincidence...
Robert Southey Not where I breathe but where I love I live Not where I love but where I am I die.
Damn right.
Everybody needs some NatalieMerchant in their lives.
Regardless of what happens tonight, it's been a hell of a season.
Can't wait for next year.
Big 12.
New Amon G.
Carter Stadium.
GO FROGS!
100 says they don't...
playoff mode right now, warriors are evaluating their squad for next year plus playing a back to back..
Charles De Gaulle In politics it is necessary either to betray ones country of the electorate.
I prefer to betray the electorate.
yoga this morning.
Live in NYC ?
Meet our lawSchool admissions reps TODAY 125pm at law forum at NY Hilton at 1335 Ave of Americas.
Time to start working on that beach body!
29 for 1 Month of Unlimited Classes at RdaMatta Fitness
lol!
Senior moments!
:
i freaking love the picture of you and Haley : 
Tom Morello takes the stage to play a song he wrote after Madison Wisconsin capitol occupation.
what goes through people's mind when the coach says you got Kobe?
yyyaaayyy I loved the BigTimeParty!!
Great show
R.I.P.
Author Maurice Sendak.
My sons will be introduced to your books.
One of Brooklyn's finest.
Hey, are you coming over for matzoh balls tonight?
I believe in grumbling; it is the politest form of fighting known.
Edgar Watson Howe
just heard chucho valdes has a new release this fall on emi.
it's been years since we've been graced with some new music from this master.
Without my mothers influence I wouldn't love life and chocolate so much.
Gotta think Sean McDonough would rather have his pal Jerry Remy in the booth tonight even if he doesn't know football
Those English football players just said something to Hollie that I totally didn't understand.
MUST FOLLOW ALERT!
off to the alcohols store with
why cant boxing day be every day :C
Just me and iPhone and headphones.

you are so mean!
That poor child!
The voicemail he just left me :D 
agreed.
It was hard to follow
I get that but would they use the N word?
It's all hate speech.
Could they not have typed F or FG ?
Excellent, something to watch together!
:
SO GLAD IT IS FRIDAY3
Good Poem!
Follow Me!?
: 
Don't forget  Navigation clinic tonight at Westerville.
Only 5 to learn the basics of map and compass use.
THEY BETTER HELP PERKINS
i have my icon but there is other pics too.
The Girl used the movie to practice for her recital.
That is a mini beast.
I was impressed.
Had to see what all the ...
was about, natch!
If it looks like twitter, acts like twitter, etc etc.
music Coffee and Tea is too great not to tweet about.
Africa by Toto, now Borderline by Madonna
New CandySwipe game update available on the Andoctorid Market: Fixed; score displayed on game over screen even when there is no high score
Good for the BlueJays signing Vlad Guerrero to a Minor League deal.
If he can hit should provide a good bat in the lineup.
I don't make them but I'll share the tweet/link so everyone could know!
:
Wisdom is the quality that keeps you from getting into situations where you need it.
Doug Larson
Watching Australian open, nice win for Andy Murray / v Llodoctor, good form and in interview!
Can i text someone who is not short answered?
:P please?
:P
Getting ready with a few local DC volunteers to feed the hungry  homeless.
We open at 8:30a11a MonFri.
See some1 in need?
Tell them!
just ordered ur stitched Poker Fish hat
If you got a track with a open verse send it too me.
term project
Tmobiles 4G must be short for You suck Tmobile!
there many facets to wat makes me me, but wats paramount, wat has the most influence in my life is Gods living word.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!5
DDOT service change made by Bing Admin decision.
Monday 10am Admin  DDOT officials will be at Council table to share why.
Im so
q7: Sneaking off in my Grandma's attic to read Night Kitchen, even though I totally didn't have to.
Bet she got a kick out of that.
MVP of the Colts doctorft party: Just killed it on the jumbotron.
Hoda, Kathie Lee, and Delilah, at Pike's Place Market.
Great show.
Follow me :
Butterflies?
I feel the entire zoo in my stomach when i see you.
333
I HATE being the first one to always start the conversation.
That's a long long ride
Econ professorusing a cigar box to hold his whiteboard markers.
Where did you get it from?
Did you call someone at your alma mater, or somewhere else?
Queen of multitasking...except when I accidentally send a wedding related email to a venue booker!
still not even home.
I don't think I'm gonna make it.
How long are you staying.
No Meetup Thursday.
Crew is in NY for Pitch.
Seriously, that was probably the best Laker win in two seasons that I can recall.
Whosever idea it was to make DVD players built into tvs should be fired from life.
The Pineda for Montero trade is on the verge of being one of the most disastrous trades in Yankee history
I'm considering it.
I just don't know where to go.
Bynum yelled YOLO, shot a three and got benched haha.
We run the night.

I honestly think it damages my psyche to read online comment sections.
Representing the worst of society.
Baahaha This year, the Oscars took me by surprise.
I didn't make any!
:/
What up doe?
Happy Mothers Day to your Mom!:
I'm used to lots of bullies.
Still, I don't like that.
Martin Luther: Lord, blind from me my progress.
Thanks for the RT!
cool feature in the podpress plug in you can preset the volume your podcast will play at for the user.
sweet!
Funny, I thought that winter was over, guess not.
Maybe next year.
When I was younger, Id type random letters very quickly on the keyboard and pretend to be like my Mom or Dad :D
Why do apt complexes think its ok for black pool chairs?
Hello we are in Texas it's hot as balls
ryan's on the gtar.
julian's on the pencil, i'm on the mac, and matt's on the other mac.
I should not be allowed to have scissors.
Among other things.
But mostly scissors.
Yes, it is welldone enough for me
If it's Wednesday it's got to be HOMAGROWN Stinson Showcase at Whiskey Chicks with ACM!
And of course  The Thunder Game!
have a good show tomorrow.
Get a pic w/ holographic tupac, if he appears.
Wifi  cildc keynote is so redonkulously overloaded that I gave my iPad to use as a table for his bluetooth keyboard.
Finally convinced my mom to buy my board, just need to wait for her to get paid :P
Thanks for being a Truth Seeker!
Watching The Voice!
is gonna perform!
He wrote me a love letter i think hes falling for me Cheergirl333
adorable miss you, let's get pizza hit ASAP
When youre lost and youre tired, when youre broken in two.
let my love take you higher, cause i still TurnToYou 3
Let's go Bubba!
Everyone is getting hacked.
Please make ur passwords longer.
Lol.
Just got another ppl r talking bad about u dm.
Lol!
/ ugh...
lol forget that
I extremely dislike how my friends are friends with my ex.
Don't worry we will throw down here soon
Been swamped getting organized  moved to San Miguel for the winter; just catching up.
Can you ship those cheesecakes?
You can check me at out on YouTube.com!
Yes!
The time for focusing is over, all work completed...Now it's time to start the weekend!
Have a wonderful Holiday weekend everyone!
:
Stress Tip 728 advance preparation  planning can prevent a great deal of stress
's Luis Arroyo: protecting trade secrets in Wis.
is about reasonable efforts.
Not Fort Knox efforts.
Audoctora  get ahold of me tomorrow for your tickets!
hahaha love it!
WHOOHOOO to the 9 day countdown!
Get it girl!
I haven't smoked a cigarette in two years now.
But today I bought a pack.
Just in case.
Congrats to on the new gig at the Herald.
One of the best follows for everything Patriots!
omg i saw u lastnight!!
33 the baby pics were soo cute!
Social media monitoring tools help you listen, measure, engage and discover whats happening with your brand online.
I go every Sunday
Are U On Ur Computer Or Phone?
Left is Right  doctorving the market from the marketplace of ideas  Washington Times
3 : : MentionTo someone who you want to live with.
lolol :D
Yes, those are incredible pictures!
I hate being this awkwardly tall.
Happy 60Day Anniversary !!!
So, is it cheaper for taxpayers to have a council vote or for taxpayers to pay for it through the ballot?
NATIONALCHAMPIONSHIPUK is great, there is no doubt, but KU .I would watch out for them.
Either way, this is going to be a great game.
Loving and his team on TheVoice!
Heartache tonight is a classic!!
hi Ms Coco.
This is Jay from facebooK.
We talk about the business
Gotta play the Canadian COOP all week!
Hopefully something big will come out of it!
Mann my spring break has been awesome!!!!!!3
yep....
Would ask your age but don't want to put mine out...and I could take it but please don't hurt me
JUJU YOU ARE ONE FLAWLESS MOFO
hello sweetie: are you good?
Researching chapter 3 and heartened by how direct and unpretentious sounds in interviews.
No wonder she's a star!
Affordable Moving company services for commercial and residential.
Inquire from us for more info.
Love is not to be purchased, and affection has no price.
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other.
Robert F Kennedy
Happy birthday!!!
MKE...and The Chickens and me will miss you, and too.
:
The only thing I am buying today is some peace of mind
toast is for closers.
Damn iM extra Late 4 Skool
My computer is demonstrating cool DH projects while I sit here tweeting on my phone!
:
Adopting a daughter YAY!!
Boo!
Her mom has heart cancer and her mom picked me over some woman YAY so happy.
wanna go to th park?
You need Jesus honey, gain some intelligence....and class
Guys, I think Battles broke this whole pink slime story when they released 'Glass doctorp'.
best kind of accent: Fargo
Literally got hit with my first April fool's joke at 12:01.
I better buckle up, looks like this one is going to be wild.
Where did you first hear about the concept of coworking?
You can talk shit behind her back?
You badass.
Welcome to Twitter.
It's Michal :
'habitat' image in by Naomi Harris for New York State
Brokenness is a a twofold problem with one solution.
The Father is the master repairman.
You cannot be fixed by anyone better!
wear reflective clothing
Don't be surprised to see Corey Hart start at 1B for the Brewers today.
Gamel still sore  Astros start a lefty.
Hart took balls yest in BP
Your so sweet my tweeter!!!
Lol
Meant to mention it last Thursday RT Man, I'm about to get all jacked up on another Seth Godin book.
Watch out
back on the twitter train!
ep's coming out in two months or so!
there are 4 shows booked!
life is good.
I will be working at Camp Poyntelle Lewis Village this summer as the assistant art director!
Note to self: don't watch Top Chef, Masterchef, Next Food Network Star, etc.
right after dinner.
I'm hungry all over again!!!
All I know are goodbyes nowadays.
Yep.
Meant Nest.
They do have a back room, but no windows.
I need that natural light.
Hey , I'm stealing your grandma.
She's my grandma now!
Off work headed home for the night Can't wait to advance though the gig got me feeling like I'm on autopilot
Waited for the good weather in Seattle to head for DC
so today my dad caught 4 innings at Pirate City with Maz as his coach  my son said first sentence: Throw the ball
the best starts..
are almost the hardest ones ..
keep running, not running away
Bahaha your feet smell like old vinegar.
Wowww you would bring that up!!!
you are the one that sais something you make pancakes with  ahaha
Appreciate it!
Did you have a chance to check out the music?
I see it...passed on the idea to other teachers...
Starting off Association of Midwest Museums conference with a model making workshop.
I spy foam core and markers.
Heaven!
Your link does not work..
first bench points of the night?
say no mo I dont waste time thats too time consuming...
Wet so wet....green grass on a rainy day!!!!
Lol
Chris brown sexy butt is so cute...um wth is up with his suit..lmao but work it chris....He killed it
wait Heather makes mistakes?
I have never noticed!
That just can't be, recheck your notes?LOL
so glad they went back to their old uni.
Such a classic.
definitely!!
come party it up in south florida!
:
I LOVE YOU BUT I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU.
TV: RT : Wonder if folks in NY would be interested in LITAcamp  nyla10 in Nov?
Thoose pizza hut commercials where people sing, are so annoying
Haha how do you think I feel???
It's far too hot in my room..
I know where that is.
I've only been there once or twice though.
I feel like our worlds been infected,  somehow you've left me neglected.
: The Padoctors are calling up Randy Jones.
OH MY, COME ON PAdoctorS!
i was told to fight her LOL
thanks for the RT!
have a great week and
Sorta misleading tweet.
By stories killed you mean stories about their childoctorn, not about, say Iraq or health care.
riseofindies : coworking spaces can be professorssional, technical, and emotional support communities.
read Jesus Psalm 25:14 The secret of the LORD is with them that fear him; and he will shew them his covenant.
On the stupid bus!
can't believe I missed seeing that when I walked by.
That's awesome
How the fuck that happen
Are you caring for a senior?
hosting resource seminar in Rancho Bernardo tomorrow morning.
it seems like a really bad strategy to me.
Donor fatigue  loss of listeners IMHO
the nigga hate seeing anyone else happy.
That's y he be after his homies women.
Smh yous a sucks hating ass Shiit
omfg I love pasta.
this old school onion text is phenomenal!
and printed in salem, too!
ilovewhen kayleigh finds me gems :
on your radio now and giving away 4 packs of tickets to the
What's everyone's plans for Friday the 13th?
I'm going on a hetero date with for a double feature of The Raid and Cabin!
Interested to see what happens at this press conference in Brazil  7a today w/ Chael and Anderson.
My prediction: fight is moving to Vegas.
because I'll be so happy if I go!
I could use one of those pills from the movie
lol my bad.I wasnt following you till now ahh
It isn't nearly as obvious on video as it was in person.
Yay editing ftw!
Turned out great!
It feels good to be back
Surprise is the opposite of predictability.
But, to be satisfying, surprise must be postdictable.
Perfect!
Or, The Girl with the Tullamore Dew Tattoo.
Which I don't have yet, but anything to market!
or in jail.
Fiber and cholesterol are arch enemies so the more fiber you eat, the lower your cholesterol levels.
Rest in Peace, Steve Jobs and Rev.
Shuttlesworth, the world has lost some true visionaries....
Its good to do uncomfortable things.
Its weight training for life.
Anne Lamott
Happy halloween!
Somebody tell us, is the DC government shutting down if Congress doesn't act tomorrow?
MXpresidentialDebate Peña final comments we need to impulse retirement, unemployment insurance, have public education include HS...
trust me I can't wait to get outta this city lol
Ohh plzz let friday come soon, 49 degrees...
can ya get much higher???
Just live your life....
So true.
grins
The project that most scares you is the project you need to do first.
Good one.
My husband laughed really hard.
what's thatsupposedtomean?
ScribeModerne respects client confidentiality.
Whatever we learn about your business stays between us!
miss u
New song arriving soon...so excited!'n
My mother is a happy soul!
My dads work is boring!
But the wait will be worth it
No response, thanks.
a fan from germany said that a magazine called 'Bravo' said that justin and I had sex :O
I can usually judge a fellow by what he laughs at.
Hold down the option key as you empty the trash from either the Finder menu or while pressing shift/alt/delete keys.
To establish ourselves in the world we do everything to appear as if we were established
ATT network says I have full 3G signal right now.
ATT network lies like a politician.
If the purpose of a system is to make it usefull, completeness may be more of a political argument and less about its utility.
The engineer
Reading contracts on a Sunday.
Does it get any better than this?
:
Watching sobbing.
What amazing stories of people helping each other.
I think you and I might need a Pinterest intervention...
Julie Massello, welcome!
4 hours until Kickoff....Plenty of time for a workout!!!
New research results: longitudinal study of ?
types  accuracy in virtual ref.
the feeling's mutual girl!
and I want to go to that store ; : love chatting with you :p
I thought I liked The Decemberists.
For about a minute.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
so...
where can I find these cookies?
If you coming to Chicago for the Weekend make sure to stop and see us.
You will love it.
Mention the tweet to get 15
Also dont forget to like the Hard Rock page also.
It is a part of the voting.
Thanks!
Set your goals high, and dont stop till you get there.
All the extraness gotta goo
And I think I agree too.
Would you?
Why in the world would you trend /StopHateOnNiall?
What if he sees it, he's gonna want to know why it's trending.
She always get 's jealous, but it's only because shes afraid to lose you.
Staying Home Today  Not Seeing My Bestfriends  Being With My Mommy  
Nothing comes after love but pain
Is the crowd giving Ryback a GOLDBERG type of chant?
thanks!
i like the idea!
Yah the descendants...
Sis but live up to the hype.
Kind of bad on by opinion.
The Help was better
The Nightmare Before Christmas....
Happy Valentines to all my friends and family.
Congratulations on all your success!
You certainly deserve it.
You are an inspiration to many, me included!
dude...
im always fckd up!
: She know she can get it
It's not automatic, but if the Broncos are going to part ways with the Tebow circus, this is the time to do it.
Again: sell high
bcuz you play 24/7 and cheat.
Haha jk.
I'm actually better, but I don't play nonstop.
Why why why..
RT : So I got excited cuz the tv said impractical jokers was comin on ..but it obviously lied.
I guess wienerscircle will do!!
Hate that I went through a serious burst of work and came out of it only to hear that.
RIP
Hope you have a fantastic evening....wherever it takes you.
:
The Grizzlies reaction now...
We close at Noon today, Fri, Dec 23.
We will reopen on Tues, Jan 3.
Happy Holidays to you and yours!
I look at some of my followers and some have like 67K followers and I wonder why they followed me.
Not complaining, just curious haha
thinks they should eliminate doctorws in world cup.
sudden death elimination, please!
Nothing chillin RT : nothing at the crib studying.
wats good
startup boot camp.
Amazing success stories from undergrad entrepreneurs
don't worry about time.
Just try to run as far as you can.
And don't beat yourself up when you have to walk.
Just keep moving

7 on the country charts for Fayetteville,Arkansas trying to go for  1 the song is
Has a toothpaste texture.
Just not my style.
I dig the shakes  bars for my
Watched my first episode of breaking bad tonight.
Hooked.
thanks for the ff Audoctory.
; have a splendiferously wonderful Friday.
Aubrey's blog has been submitted to GIS Directory on GIS Extensions Market web portal.
The OG Mac Band will be performing on Friday night, April 1, at 6:30 p.m.
They play all the oldies.
Good tunes!
my friend in RandomLake says it was briefly snowing about an hour ago!
Jumping crocodiles Charlie!
Love the West Coast vibe!!
So different from what it's like on the East Coast.
great.
If you notice other things that do not seem to be working properly tweet us and I will take a look.
Oh!!!
RT : The Broncos have agreed to terms with free agent CB doctoryton Florence.
Lol Harper likes rap!
i hate how the AHN's OCR can't differentiate between not and riot.
makes sifting through articles ridiculously tedious.
Thanks for the Follow!
ok :D Selena is The sweetest present in our life :
CANT STOP
Is it just me, or did Gmail change its default color scheme?
I like how UI tweaks are often imperceptible.
What's the range of a tuba?
About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
You all should follow she has the beat tweets about 1D :
Fasho push me a link to ya music.....
: She thinks STD stands for Suck That Dick SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta
for if it can't be used for everyone.
Especially when they are making good money off of people for such a simple service.
Baylor, cause it's in beautiful WACO
Thanks for the RT  Jon is answering questions now!
Tune in to hear how he formed his band.
Lastminute online shopping items just arrived.
Another Festivus miracle!
Congress passes resolution to honor slain Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry FastandFurious Gunwalker Murder invest still open after 16mo
Like we could have dated
they make him that much better then the rest
Andoctorw Bynum, after having that missed shot bounce out to him at the 3 pt line needs to get the ball to a guard and set up; not shoot.
like just chill count to 10 idk who you argueing wit but just chill that immuter on ther part but chill dangg
Hi, Cameron!
I'd love to explore the idea of working with you for We're bringing to Chi schools.
Just saw ride by on his bike!
What's with the early start time for Cubs  Cards?!
Weird.
It's called the Bring Your Own Device program.
they were right....haste does make waste
what's good dood?
Long time no speak..how ya feelin?
Got KRR3 and World's Finest in the mail from PWG.
Ordered them on Friday.
Dudes are mad quick with shipping.
it passed by my house and then idk where it went now?
Let me know if you want an extra set of eyes.
Am reading/internetting on roof.
nah don't sugar coat the issues at hand.
Who sees their tomatoes are on the turn and thinks, I'll hang on to those in case some paedos move in opposite?
Here at school waitin for the day to be over with :
One good night of making music and i'm right where I want to be.
Have a blessed time.
I'm waiting until tomorrow morning.
Curled up at home with red wine and a roaring fire...
College Football Capsules: BCS takes big step toward college football playoff
Hey, btw, thanks for the comment!
I don't know how I missed Crumb's hipsterism; it's artsy pretentious not vapid pretentious.
It sucks that i'm at my friends house having a wet doctoram lol.
That was crazy
how do you know Ollie so well?
thank you for your support!
JUSTIN IS HOT.
Timberlake, of course.
Hahaha.
I just did!
I want you to follow me back though!: Pleasee.
I love the country and I try and follow all country peps
500 free student tickets are OUT for 2012 Lu'au, but we still have tickets available for purchase at 10 each!
SO ready to get in the studio with !
I have ALOT to get ff my chest!!!
;
I lose my Monday to proctoring and grading, too.
But I am taking an hour off.
The entire Aidara Team is seeing Avengers this evening.
RT/Like if you're seeing the movie this evening 
Planet Eclipse
Special FF in honor of their great work in the real world last weekend's
A startup is about learning what's useful and why, and then learning who's buying and why...
Childoctorn should not be doctornking coffee, Aran.
Did you know is hosting 25 adoptions at ALL locations through the end of the month for animals over 3 mos!
Killed my first mosquito.
Baby wipes, the travel packs..
Shame we can't give your personality a makeover.
Elderlycare is becoming more and more of a need in this fast paced world
Parties  festivities still went on downstairs  body of Whitney lay upstairs.Hypocrisyfailing to practice those virtues that one preaches.
In the 1950s household debt was just 34 of disposable income; today it is 115.
Time
Thanks!
We can photograph all the gorgeous Flavin light we want!
Hope all is well with you....
super flattered.
Many thanks.
Beat Dat Beat Up!
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle
Casual sunny spring hail storm in Copenhagen.
Can't wait for my 30 min bike ride home!
Wonderful networking luncheon today with some great San Antonio businesswomen.
Getting work done so I can enjoy a 4day weekend!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 73
Africans dnt like black ppl
Heather Headley  In My Mind
wild WORK appears.
Illustrator, I CHOOSE YOU!
yes please
: Sorry Jessica I want even be at school :
I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you...
Just ordered a couple hundoctord studs.
But 10bussiness days is so long !!
Getting ready for the concert at !
IT'S FREE PEOPLE!
Come enjoy it with us.
no, theres the familiar voice of kevin cole!
kexp indeed...
Hell yeah, that was cool.
Made me smile.
Doing the puyallup.
Here I come scones!!!!
It's not the one I would have made, thought they needed more help on the OL.
But Reese has proven himself, I trust him
What hurts the most, was being so close.
Having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
Des says 'Welcome To The Odyssey' on this freestyle over Clint Mansell's Dead Reckoning...sounds
were you hacked?
or are you all about people starting their own business?
done deal.
Ima holla at nique, get in touch.
We should kick some jams, swap some shows
Would love to see NYR vs.
Boston 2nd round or ECF!
One Friday screening on deck.
Best served cold, no comments from Quigley.
Digital comments from Forsberg himself!
What are we painting today besides that pretty blonde hair?
going for needed haircut before getting on to the paintbrushes!
do u guys kno who austin mahone is
PLEASE FOLLOW 
Yeah...
I remember first semester freshman year.
Enjoy it
you coming to dinner club on Sunday Danno?
pureawesome ;
HUGE lightning here.
I can't believe I still have power.
aha brings back memories..funny aha
So honored!
I am happy I decided to enter my local Toastmasters Club Tall Tales Speech Contest.
I just won!
Next week, I progress to the Area Contest!
Our server hates me and , and we aren't sure why!
I need to buy Apollo justice now
they're going to miss it if they don't.
You guys looked so cute.
We're at Bungalow if you're done romancing.
:
I need to cast out two people from my timeline.
Like a demon!
Are your friends hating on your relationship?
that's snap!
The Power!
Alex Golub: Anthropology is battling against a 'death spiral' when it comes to oa; A fatally dependent on system of volunteers
Barney Frank at Ford Hall Forum: Democrats believe in governance ...
Republicans not so much.
Finally watching The Help.
Wonder how long it will take me to get to Hunger Games...
is doctornking a Monster....I need one of those too!!!
I like that your random.
You're music post just let me know what's on your mind.
Happy Christmas Eve.....we are open until 2PM today if you need a last minute gift card.
DailyHookahTip137: Make sure that your quickstart coals have completely started up before placing them on top of the bowl.
Milwaukee Mustangs fall in their AFL season opener 7165 to Arizona Rattlers.
Rattlers scored winning TD with :05 left in game.
1890's: Newspaper insists insane man shot their editor.
Insuran.
co.
says he had a reason, therefore sane, so policy is void.
Hamlet project is finally coming together!
Can't wait to perform it tomorrow and be done with hamlet!
FuTuRe mister
We were just sitting in the bathroom floor for a project!
We're not creepers!
XD
Still working on our new website www.vcassociates.org
The proof is in the pudding.
Homes under 150,000 are selling like hot cakes.
well, he totally doesn't oppose gay marriage/rights, but I do think he could be doing more to express these views, no?
should show how we party in the D tonite!
Cuz a Detroit party dont stop!
Sweet!
RT : We're proud to bring you our brand new single.
Pretty Little Thing on our website now!
www.thekicksrock.com RT!!
If not Mitt Romney, who?
1 he has the best ground organization 2 he can raise money better than any other candidates
Blow us away.: I just wanna know if I can sing to y'all tonight
eating meat on ash wednesday and hanging up on deaf people...not a good start to lent
CityDirect is my favorite
aw!
cute puppy!
:
Haven't been on here in a very long timee :o
You can now contact us via snail mail!
Deadly Dames Burlesque, P.O.
Box 17765, Rochester, NY 146177765.
Virginia THATCampers: how about thatcampva12 as the hashtag of record?
Austin Mahone is our hero.
3
Thank you so much for the great article.
It is exactly the opportunity we have been looking for!
Lol.
I am!
Chem classes.
All day, everyday.
Haha.
iPartyWithVictorious is awesome so far
love catlantic.
Brilliant.
Now where are more videos of boxing cats?
Love the doctorma!
Wish I could have been there.
Am looking fwd to ur rpt about the Greece School Board meeting.
Thanks!
you just focus on the bad things more than the good things.
haha who knows that Tillie is?
And yeah it was fun..nice view with the birds
I am at home, discharged from the hospital.
I am happy  I know tht the doc  nurses r very happy.
I dont let them give me the okeydoke
I just read the review...it's not entirely negativehe mentioned what he liked and did not abt the movie.
Wellwritten review.
Did a 12 mile run for New Years Eve.
So cold my GU Gel was GU Ice.
Perfect way to ring in 2011!
Ready for RnRAZ You ready?
Our brightest blazes are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks .
Earlier in the game the bulls weren't getting calls by the refs tho
In case of freeze warnings, be sure to run the pool pump all night to prevent the pool pipes from freezing.
fearless and fierce, doll.......
playing slide whistle...fun :
Congrats to DJ Spider on winning the rb3style  tiiiiiite
They broke one of ours
I'm making it my mission over the next few weeks to watch all of SyFy's original movies.
Our summer hours have started!
We are now open on Tuesdays from 125, WednesdaySaturday 128 and Sunday 125!
u should be!!: is crushing it right now!
If I was in Vegas I would be all in on Red right now!
1000ptclub
A striking characteristic of a successful person is the ability to determine the relative importance of different things.
yes.
As of now, the noertwest part
I need food...
My bestfriend woke me up, so I could get ready, and go to her doctors appointment.
.
TebowGotTradedFor sending all overstock Tebow Broncos jerseys to Africa.
I have a lazy ass boyfriend niggas knocked Out on my couch
when u smile it makes me smile,when u laugh it makes me laugh.
How come whatever you do,it makes me wanna be with you
killed me with the sombrero and poncho yesterday.
I was never a big fan of yours, but I am converted.
U are amazing.
Rock dis twitter :
hey can you follow my new account please 
God is good!!!
Luke, Obi Wan never told you what happened to your tequila...I doctornk your tequila
Larosas on the way abt to smash ain't had it in a min
We want to thank for checking out Coop's during his trip to SD for his Club Paradise Tour!
All I really want is you down on me..
I had an awesome time at today's Super Saturday here in Bakersfield, got to meet SVP Jeff Hill and , endthetrend !!
: I think that work and microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Come see the show n tell friends : Hardcore singing flash mob on this cortland bus right now.
Self worth, self love and self respect....
Have a blissful day
Love the idea of curators being more open about their decision or curatorial process.
Wilshire and Robertson in Beverly Hills!
:
Confession I don't care abt players or fans.
The is like a giant cock that jizzes money into my bank account.
I swear I'm hilarious.
Going back to reading now.
:
Tom cruise can be my lawer any day...
Is interested in learning more about aquaponic farming
Oh wow.
That was a surprise.
Congrats to MerylStreep!
What is with all the smoke in the air?
Can't be healthy.
Refreshing twitter pg just to see if she tweets you back or RT's you......
itsavictorianthing :D Happy Early Bday Vic!!
What you see is kinda what you get with me.
I'm a very real person, or I hope to be, anyway.
I don't have nothing to hide.
laceyyyyy i mishhh youu : come back into my life please thanks.
Lonely hearts club?
Count me in.
oh ok well me my second favorite MB member is between ray and roc like idk whos to choose for my second lolz
Im back beeeeotches!
Please join us in congratulating our two finalists in the NYintern Project: and !
I caught myself saying crazyass 5 times yesterday and realized I caught it from too funny!
Christopher Hitchens died.
Wonder if he thought about what he'd say if there's a God on the other side.
Probably it would be good.
Thanks, Jess.
Too bad the temps in the 80s went away this week.
Oh well, we'll make the best of it.
purely strategic.
just too many characters
Ah the simple pleasures of warm weather.
Used the BBQ tonight for dinner.
I'm glad you enjoyed!
Diamonds are forever, she my bitch forever
Shout out to and its founder Heidi Gottlieb.
Heidi  can't wait to see you at the Race!
PDI conference in DC.
Interesting discussion from consulting firms about associates rating partners.
Good idea for law firms?
Goodbye everybody!
;
Thank you!
RT :
thanks for letting me know.
new link www.myfreegenealogy.com
Your sexy, I'm sexy, So what's up ?
Raises eyebrow
I hate
Shouldn't have ate that crappy batter.
Video stream!??!
I'm excited!
and I was wrong...
Thanks for the RT!
I feel your pain!
:
I'm really starting to dislike Instagram just cause its an additional click and load for all these pictures I just wanna click and see
I am What I am With saying that I wouldn't be ME!!!
We can't wait to welcome you!
RT : RT : I'm so excited about bringing my church and my family to
Thanks for the shoutout!
Hope Monday is treating you well!
lol yeah and let me know if anything
Let's go rain.
Bring it!
your absolutely right.
Absolutely.
I cat stop eating cereal x
rt : Has anyone ever seen Guy Fieri and Chaz Bono in a room together?
Just learned about ...
crave ...
want
I hate cheaters!!!!
no I'm fat
It's Been Lovely But I Have To Scream Now
nw Hobo With a Shotgun
Supreme Court race vote canvass should be finished today.
Then what?
Perusing Frank menu in ATX, dog choices include python, antelope, wild boar.
sort of amazed how much I got done waiting for cable install.
Productive morning.
except for superglue mishap.
slap me through the internet?
..ouch.
;
glad to hear that!
On my way back  to work.
Some afternoon editing at WSJ.
Have a good post nicar12 day.
officially cool.
Tell him to boo for all of us.
I read the entire interview on different website I don't get the impression he was going after fans, it's was just frustration
I know.
I am beyond energized!!!
It's so overwhelming.
RT : Before there was a 'church' there was a family.
Protect your family at all costs
I love your voice.
It's absolutely perfect.
Ok!!!
Sometimes, the right thing for you, may not be right for someone else.
Do whats best for you, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Boston Celtics  Red sox Win.
The NY Knicks lose.
Brought to you by Paul Revere who took the ride in Boston not NY.
via
Great!
Let us know what you think and if you have any questions!
I'm determined to finish 2011 STRONG and start 2012 even STRONGER.
that happened once in my house dude.
Except it was by brother that flicked it and it landed on my hand while I was texting!!
Just got to the crib
constantly check your phone in the minutes/hours/days following, hoping to hear something, are crushed when you don't get a call,
I would assume so considering they've performed it more times and have worked out any kinks
Friday you better have the whole mixtape on there and next Friday you better have MindsetOfAGentleman in there
its too early for you to be rushing me
Why is Correia still pitching?
I need my mom to do a hot stone massage on me asap.
futureprofessorssionals Transcripts frm high school/college R but small part of U.
Build UR own.
Start early.
Take pride in service  kindness
I'll be there.
When they play a song on the radio to much 
Guess who unfollowed me!
You got him?
yeah.
It's on my chin.
LMAO
4th of July at laughing Buddha!
come in and get some sick ink and poking done.
we have new jewelry in.....x
please follow me  please please 
in light of the sony playstation breach, it's good that intellivision was in the yeager household.
oh yes.
it was.
what?
atari?
no way
It's cause she got Punk'd...
For the second time xD
I wanna walk and not run,I wanna skip and not fall 3
I want to know how the fuck I gained 10 pounds.
RT : If you're in Phoenix, tune into 91.5 FM right now to hear an interview with Arizona's on
Nialler!
1DUpAllNight is the single most best album ever!!!
Bought mine!
I promise!
xx
We all know its raining!
when you goin to start workin on a new album????????????
: haha thanks man.
I plan on getting more ........
I'm getting more work done on my arm soon too
Your listeners they can award turds and/or blossoms to San Diego candidates today by tweeting at us.
Ever been so tired you can't sleep?
Never Again will I be beneath and not above.
Deut.28:13.
Never bored not bout that life
Happy holidays everyone!
Bill I am in JBP and I am in Zeekrewards/Zeekler and Banners Broker.
I just can't handle another thing right now :
Netflix movie suggestions?
Exam
oh yea a couple but imma have to tune you up when i get back you talkin to spicy online
I'm an outofwork journalist and after seeing that PSU press conference, it looks like I'll be for some time.
Such talent!
good morning daddy craig :D hope you have a splendid day !!
HR is sales.
Well that changes my todo list.
My prayers go out to da familys of da officers killed n wounded in new Hampshire
Man...
I can't stand these long weekend phone calls with
My hair EXTRA nappy today 
Let's go Cards!
Send the evil empire back to Lexington!
i give u a A for effort!!
Lol
I am around the corner.
Wow what a day::
House show this coming Monday!
second place victory, no less than victory,  come support these awesome bands
You Don't Know How MuchIt Would Mean To Me If You Followed Me...
Cuz Obviously I LIVE For You ; 333
Why Not Zero Why de continue to dump millions of gallons of chemicals down the doctorins
Just wanted to let everyone know that the pool party has been cancelled.
Thanks for the follow Nick!
Everybody outside and it's cold ...
wtf man
Lol!
Thank you?:
NYT's NYE fest of land/water stories: Organic ag in Mex, fracking in SAf, expanding Iowa farms, and geese a gogo.
Too many links to share
Froze my ass off on the court today.
Whoopie?
hi there my name is juanito c:
Kids needed to use the phone.
William Fitzsimmons station on Pandora.
Yes, please.
Musica de Fiesta
College of St Rose shifts institutional culture around Scholarship of teaching  learning
I'm sorry  the voice mail: Gosh!
I ran into you on LinkedIn  and I'd really like a chance to talk to you...
does not get you a call.
Hi guys!
I'm here in denver with my family I'm so bored.
Just kidding!
HOLY CRAP ?!
YOU LIVE IN NC TO ?!
the toughguy 'this is what we do!' must be what got Ms.
Kardashian?
: USC also leads the NFL in current horrible QBs.
was it good food?
xD
yep.
she also said that Tom is doing well and Katie was crying for no reason which is typical.
Haha, truer words have never been spoken.
maybe she just escaped from the trunk ala Jack Bauer
unfortunately it's not that simple.
Size is an indicator but could be the opposite of what we think.
Hey!
I need to start getting on here more!
We hope to see you then!
The phone call was coming from inside the box!
it's been a helluva week!
Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them
A Big Bag Of Chips  And Then You Open Half Of It Is Air And A Lil Of Chips
youmightbeanautismparentif Little Man put his shirt on right!
He didn't put it on backwards he put the big picture in back!
So proud!
Procrastinate tomorrow.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Thanks for the introduction!
Officially one month until my 21st.
RT Surprising: Restaurant industry employment will reach 12.9 million this year, which is 10 of total U.S.
workforce:
fontweight:100 : Levi's 510 fontweight:200 : Levi's 511 fontweight:normal : Levi's 514
hello IATM!
RT Looking for a romantic free night's stay in Seattle?
Just hit us with an  reply and you're entered to win!
Divertiti in Florida!!
Vai a vedere i Blue Men Group?
MPD: 12 Occupy Mpls Protesters were arrested after they delayed an ambulance from making its run.
More info coming up at 8:03 on WCCO Radio.
Never question god's attendance.
His timing is perfect..
Cant go to sleep 
COyotes eat other mammalian poo, then whine about it under full moon.
Nocturnal Natural fact.
First time I have actually had to do homework in a while
When you feel at the very morning something will go wrong today 
You ready, sir???
What?!
She was there?
I wanna see!
She's so beautiful:
No it is not wrong.
I am so anxious right now I could just beat someone with my sobe bottle.
I never want to be at the mall on saturday again.
March 3rd we're playing at Bounce in Cleveland.
Come and show your support.
Proceeds go to scholarships for Cleveland State University!
So someone around me smells...terrible.
They need to get away form me like, now.
Studies say online students doctorp out for lack of social aspect.
Happy to show you TechChange's model if you're interested.
studying a rant for my acting class!!!
Sounds like fun!
beach.
beach.
beach
oh my dad just knocked all of my stuff over c o o l
yuk, I don't miss the sleet and freezing rain on the east coast.
I like fluffy doctor snow, much better to ski
Please Enter you label into my Free Label Contest.
Send the label to if you want to join.
O.
The late spring issue.
Jealous.
heard you're in Indy!
Is that true?
we have to take it for what its worth, learn and keep it moving!
watching all of the performances from ABDC, : i remember each one of their performances an learned one them too!
:
the only thing i am missing right now is a leaf blower...
Why are people dogging on Obama for doing a slow jam on jimmy fallon?
Fucking grow up people!
He's human too.
thanks for checking it out!
: hey honey!!
ok we all have got to plan a trip somewhere asap!
I feel lame!
Lol I'm in ,no turn back ;
YES.
also: i watched the avengers right before.
I may not be sleeping until sunday :
When you start to miss someone thats bestfriends with your ex..
I feel like right now...
Let a Mf wake me up...
gon catch a street fighter uppercut...
OMG Mary Prantil sued the NYPD, ha ha hey baby birds get a load of this Mary lady, OMG
RHCP Jam With Slash, Ron Wood, George Clinton and Green Day Singer
it's kool!!
Loves like a hurricane, I am a tree; bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy
I hate my eyebrows, because I have such as the wolfman!
she clean your hram?
YAY for rain at New Trails.
That should mean new hay soon :
Things are getting VERY interesting in Los Angeles.
9487 Denver, 3 minutes left.
Lakers were down BIG, fighting back.
Tune into TNT.
Headed to Palm Beach Atlantic today.
Fundoctorising for meal packaging event with students.
you do have a way with words 3
The dodgers paid 5.25 million to tell billshaikin to eff off.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone, hoping you have a wonderful day!
nope but the guy in the corner hunched over his laptop, suffocating himself on a broccoli n cheddar bread bowl was.
I seriously might want to get to sleep now but I wouldn't be surprised if I woke up in the middle of the night again and started tweeting
you're watching that too?!
Sometimes when I watch CNN, I feel like I'm alone in the universe...

A whole class on 'zombies in media'?
Awesome!!!
covered by
So lonely in the bus
Big weekend for my bff : Good luck!!
Working on Erate comments for the FCC and melting in 100 degree heat
sorry!
i have been so busy at my gmas and she didnt have internet
Praying that im one of the 400 mahomie to get to meet and greet in new york!!
But will we sleep once I tell you what's hurting me..?
of course!
50 straight down the doctorin
oh that's just me 
Where are the photos?
Ive been looking for them!
Whats the link
love it!
Happy birthday long lost friend!
Xoxo
Thinking about buying a fish tank with Graduation money haha
I'm pretty sure most of my followers are bands which is pretty cool :
Welcome to Twitter!
The old man next to me at a show just said nudge me if I fall asleep.
and the usher has two dogs with him gizzy and mo.
World News America on PBS tonight from Calgary.
AlbertaOilSands, the vibrant Mayor of Calgary and the Vancouver film industry.
at the Dahlia woods gallery opening!
Just met THE Magazine!
awesome turnout.
:
Coachella buddy!
3rd time's a charm
doctorving on waller , just saw a car called the KIA Rondo?lol
More and more women are joining forces and helping each other daily on kissandim.com!!!!
wonderful!
Was thinkin bout u today.
No lie!
How have u n your sweet melodies been!?
I came to the conclusion that I'm probably not good enough for you.
I'm sorry.
Yo Hance, come visit us in Cali and we'll all go roller skating!!
:D

my mood just went downhill 
a Canadian kid at Chicago airport with Canadian hockey bottoms and a shirt saying plan b is free in Canada haha
BuildABetterWorld.
Now I understand the future episode and their daughter.
Listen to the Indiana Jones main theme song.
I dare you not to smile and feel better :
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any
I'm about to hop on TWATTERR.
and I would be stacking cash
76 off a massage at Solutions Modern Massage.
Retweet if you could use a massage!
BRONCOS!!!
I need to say no more!!!
Save up to 25 on shirts  free shipping on orders of 55 or more with code HOLLYSHIP
We've been broken up for 10 months.
Get over it!
whenever i try to make a status about you, you go offline.
gah
Ok see you then.
You gonna run over here from Boyle Heights?
Get ready for the summer...
Just sayin'...
It's so weird not having black hair anymore!
I love this color!
I really think that I finished this semester well, especially considering how much work I had at the end of it, now finals  then I am done.
what's 's lookin like on a show
PLEASE FOLLOW AND US!
WERE HUGE 1D AMERICAN FANS!
The beach is my soul.
Shit, I started watching Field of doctorams a little while ago and I'm crying already and the hair on the back of my head is standing up.
RT : Tomorrow is Buy Israeli Goods Day, so stop somewhere and pick up something for Shabbat to support
If you are proactive about building relationships within your industry, you will have a much greater opportunity for success.
if that was ANOTHER grand slam, i would need a new tv come tomorrow.
Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
the coldest producer on da planet
If we talk w/ Pres.
Obama,  we dont have proof, then its only words.
Thats why we take picsto show whats happening Rainer,
It's a toss up for me, FlipBoard vs.
Evernote.
When are you supporting cmis repositories for evernote?
Did I see right that you are directing for HTR?
SadMomentWhen isn't following you...
probably won't..
//3 cries
aw that's cool : and I died mine dark brown :D
Heck of a Wimbledon semi....can an American reclaim the grass?
Love Fed, but go Andy!
AAAAHHHH!!!!!
it's done!!!!
holy holy crapoly it's done!!!
What is it?
Such a beautiful day out!!
This ap project sucks oh well
Depressed today :/
P.S.
Hope you have a very Happy Mother's Day!
Evan is one lucky boy to have such a caring  wonderful Mama!
3
My parking is still a little shaky 
See all these heartless and ass hole like people in the world?
The people who fucked them over so hard made them became like this.
Powers back on 3
As one who has seen all of her TV movies, I don't think she will have the opportunity to bring the doctorma in this.
My jazz combo is playing Mother's Day Jazz Brunch at Sawyer House of Yakima May 8th.
Sparking Wines, Mimosas, Kana wine, yum!
35/15 112
Teaching a coaches clinic today!
This is one of my favorite seminars to teach  helping coaches be better instructors and mentors!
My pregnant friend is cracking me up!
Just cut the cake!
Stop the speeches!
She didn't say that at her wedding!
Guy at stop light blasting radio at spinal tap 11 levels: skims stations stops at Runaway Train YES!
sings along Me: in tears
Thanks for the follow.
Have heard wonderful things about your place.
Need to visit sometime
will miss sending you the the f and g teases.
but I know you'll be awesome at night!
Studio for the next 2 days in Baltimore, MD!
I don't think u have to affirm everyone.
If you have to fire someone they will never hear your affirmation.
Aw thank you!
I really appreciate that!
3
congrats on representing team USA!
whenever you ready to get beat
SUMMER!
Please hurry up!
Just posted two photos circa 1900 of Victorian homes on Valentine Lane, Yonkers, NY www.VictorianSource.com
Coney island today!
see if i can get some good shots!
Galleria Park hotel is lovely.
Although I hope the next time around it'll be us they'll book with :.
Enjoy your time in SF!
Don't confuse my personality and my attitude because my personality is ME and my attitude depends on YOU.
The Browns will get a really good player at 22.
Lots of good players still up there.
Anything other than this moment is only on our mind.
hey love
Using the jesus power for grades!
Be omw to work soon
lol.........
Oh well.
Hey when r u taking me n to target!
OH MY GAWD.
becky look at her buuttt.
woo:D
Ya cause it's my fav song silly.
No prob.
: thanks for the follow back
Ah so are you around now?
We should put something on the calendar for the coming weeks.
If you don't know about re run then you ain't livin
Nice!
RT Hazy Nights In The Heights  , while I do some editing.
and if I remember correctly, the one penalty at the Emirates was the Bale dive, right?
what time you going over there?
Responsible is overrated.
You are LIVING.
I admire you for it.
Thanks for the retweet!
...
because circuit breakers get tripped.
And they serve the same function as fuses.
So that was a joke.
Sorta.
Omg...should have
Thanks.
Not a problem.
Thanks for reaching out.
I have a boat load of school work due Thursday and Friday.
Challenge denied.
thanks!
Modeled in Rhino beta for Mac.
lol y you feel sorry for them hahahahaha some can work it out
Libraries naturally absorb all ignorance and intolerance upon entrance.
These buildings should be protected by all.
Maybe it's just that it's late...but the phrase first introduced seems unnecessarily redundant...
is that sarcasm
wanted to offer some friendly support.....having been there even some of with the cocalled 'adults' I know.
so.
about this concert.
just wondering what's going on.
i paid for my ticket...
Thompson Library Finals Week Extended Hours: Sat June 5Wed June 9 Open til 2am!
Study Study Study!
Uploading new album to TuneCore to distribute online....January 1st 2012!!
And may I just say: I'm digging the 30s/40s station on Spotify like a fucking grave.
Thank you!
:
ok, enough library election tweeting.
now back to the exciting stuff: i planted sweet peas, hollyhocks, gladioli this weekend!!
OH YEAH :P
Chipchura tried to fight him from the ground, like Wing Chun Kung Fu.
His Tiger style is strong!
This guy is walking around with pillows......smh
no I didn't mod when did this happen?!
The idea for fictional vampires and zombies came from bloodsucking bankers and braindead politicians, right?
The genre must all be satire.
God knows whats best.
You just have to trust him.
He gave his only son for YOU!!!
Is worn out from digging fence post holes.
I just want to be happy...
The best!
So jealous.
Support your local law enforcement.
Justice is incidental to law and order.J.
Edgar Hoover
It's getting darker earlier.
Buy new headlights to see better.
Popping bottles  bangin models, that's how we do!
both babe : then you darl .
?
:D
Today is for good life decisions.
are you on wheel of fortune!?
Because I am so good at that game.
99 protest going on in Seattle downtown.
so, do u think i sound like a 5 year old
Avengers tonight!
And statejournalism tomorrow morning.
:
Get to Magoons tonight!
I'm so sorry, that must have been horrible :
RT I guess you're blind
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 10
Listening to Mary Chapin Carpenter John Doe No.
24
yes, you are a wonderful friend.
Thank you so much.
Merry Christmas!
lol nigga got me wit the same shit after school
Half my table has left, including the contestwinners.
But my coworkers are here for the long haul.
Mostly because we carpooled.
Long hair isn't very descriptive.
Living on Popsicles and Powerade.
The only part of me that appreciates being sick is my ass.
Ugh.
Watching my good friend on RuPaul's doctorg Race Season 4!!!
Waiting to see hit 'sitcom' on the sitcom debut
Damn, man...
THANK YOU for the support!
5am  Rise and Learn.
Relevant learning is necessary for
It is difficult when you reach an age your older brother will never reach.
I love you Eddie and think of you often.
thanks, your next sack of gold should be arriving in your mail box soon!
i really appreciate it, but
Rose Nelson, conf.
Chair gives a welcoming adoctorss.
Thanks to sponsors, planning committee.
People here from all over the US
It's just basic communication we're just changing the channel  on social media
In advance of your crying...go fuck yourself Torts.
Senate apparently is worn out and going home without a vote on Mike Green's nomination, among others.
Read more at democratandchronicle.com.
Correction: family members of 4 victims in 08 military jet crash in University City seeking more than 55 million from US Gov
yes just a quick sketch :
Shark Tank is a great show.
It's not the doctorgon's Den...but close enough.
Thanks for that RT!
:

I agree but 81 is a good start
It's never too early or too late for a good fuck...
About to enjoy the Paul Davis Restoration marketing conference social media class.
doctorams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions.
Edgar Cayce
PickUpLine: Do you like cheesy pickup lines or do you just want to do it?
In honor of all the moms out there next sunday ALL MOMS RIDE FOR FREE!!!!!!!!!!
bring mom out for a fun day on the water!!!!
Hi Martha, LOVE Gary Marshall on your show today!
How can we win some of your prizes?
Star Wars beta is over..
Sad, but I guess that means I can get back to having a life!
Releasing the Teacher Data Reports in NYC should be interesting and vicious!
Is this wise?
Does this help?
Sitting alone makes me feel lonely and awkward
Thanks but, as my conversational stories imply, I prefer to relay information that is either fictional or trivial.
Or both.
Evaluating a German major's thesis on fairy tales.
It's going well.
prom saturday Graduation next thurday
Maryland jockey Rosie Napravnik wins Kentucky Oaks
I'll be in studying.
I'll second that!
RT had a great time at the Nutcracker with and 
Sorry, it was too surreal.
Had to share.
:
Did people play telephone with tin cans and string before the invention of the telephone?
If so, what did they call it?
I want off this roller coaster ride..
Loved the boats in Dallas just beautiful
man, I have a great comeback for that.
:
Recommend fresh pineapple, banana and frozen berries smoothie to start off the day!
Can't Sleep
Appreciate all the love, hope i see everyone at the show.
I go on at 3PM.
You are dope Talented Antonio.J
His starts like this are the most impressive I think.
Just doesn't get hit even when he's not jaw doctorpping dominant.
Now I feel like they r both ignoring me...wht happened today?
:/
tonight a 5000 nugget...the peak out!
Learn it, live it, love it.
buy as much ram as you can get on the desktop, storage space not as impt.
can buy externals cheap, win7; osx both great o/s
Yay!
So cool.
Read your Digging Ditches on downdirtyword.com, love it!!
Why do you sing?
good idea...
I haven't been blogging much lately sadly but have enjoyed reading about your travels!
Morning...
And thank you for.the follow.
Love the new lineup!!!
hello I'm a big fan of yours, follow me back please 
MT : A1: Ability to think outside of norms.
Willingness to accept others opinions
I'm sign waving and door to door for Come join us!
it's almost ridiculous how many people, when their team doesn't make the playoffs, jump on the Canucks hate bandwagon.
I'm making a plan for this!
re: : Do you have a plan to get fit for summer?
48 wks is enough to make a real difference!
Thx for coming!
Hope 2 see the AllStar crew again soon!
RT : AllStar crew out tonight 
GET A LIFE OK
no problem!:
Sounds good.
How is it?
Got bartender on my career survey
I read an ad looking for cooks on the hot line as looking for line cooks who are hot.
Foreign Minister Juppé: Iranian military nuclear program constitutes one of the most serious threats to peace throughout the world
I haven't felt good lately...
:c
Had a great weekend recording, things are moving along, hope to have something out by late April, stay tuned!
At 30?!
Jesus.
Sometimes I think ...
Oh, right.
I'm an idiot, no?
Ugh!!
I hate geometry!!
it's so hard!
indeed.
it just gets weirder and weirder...
BTW, Congrats!
Heard the AWESOME news!
So excited for you.
Just wrapped day 1 of the I Wanna Go video.
III wanna gooo to my beed to get some sleep tonight.
Brit
luckyy.
It's like in the 40 outside.
Where I am.
Wonder nik powers activate!
We have control of the tides now!
I guess the haters will get their day in the sun today...
oh well haters gonna hate
OK, nevermind about Benzinger's special discount cases.
It turns out they don't ship to my current state.
How sad.
:
fuck you shawty but i see you came lls
I sure hope the Yankees win tonight!
My cousin and her husband are at the game right now...
so jealous.
RIP Dick Clark the next new years eve will not be rockin
To everyone who hasn't watched Frenemies, yet i got to say it is a really good movie i love IT!!
:D
he lost his mind!
thanks!
Looking forward to another opp to work together!
When i meet you someday, i wanna say sorry cause, i cant help but stare at you cause you look like an angel.:
So over this bs .
Really don't care anymore
thank you :
RT Super blog post from customer on repurposing blog content for nurture campaigns.
i just want the dame boy to follow me back thats all i ask for
Last mets sweep in Philly before tonight: June 2006.
What a ride.
Congrats to Wisconsin's own Way to represent!
watching Justin Bieber on TLC
All I have to say is...
So ready for it to be my daughters bedtime already!
This child is doctorving me crazy today!!!
Dad picked me up early, love him !
The last game of the season is in an hour 
Terrific TPACK session.
Great ideas!
Thanks, and
.
ok I just threw up.
And then laughed out loud.
America this is ridiculous.
lets get another win
Walking to Stop  Shop with a sprained ankle probably isn't the best idea but fuckit I need food!
Haha
Ok, so you know that doctoram you have when everyone's looking  you  laughing?
Yep.
T/G a bird just grabbed fruit from my doctornk.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation!
Thank You
You look extremely sexy tonight if i might say so myself;
glad you understand :
And I hope this meeting don't take long ...I am not in the mood
Sweet Home Alabama is definitely one of my favourite films
NATO: 3 service members killed in Afghanistan.
Pretty good!
Just practicing lots of piano right now!
How about you?
same I'm pissed.
Right?!
Me too!
It sucks people don't have awesome personalities like us, oh well....not my problem!
Haha
What up bro Check my new Vids in focus with MJR
It's because I've bene superbusy at work.
Yeah, that's it.
spring break is dead and I am awake way too early!
I wish I knew what went through the mind of carlos boozer.
S/O to AKA TheCastle For Hosting Events this weekend!!..
MuchLove!!
In Midway, a small island in the southwest Pacific it is already 11:15 pm 5/15/12.
argh!
etsy was down when I was posting something new!!
fabulous er
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE My love follow me Love you :D Thanks :D
Just saw a great DP reel
THANK U!
Im workn on the Video Mixtape now WHOOP!
Thank you for the RT  support :
Gonna get ready then have my mom take me to Starbucks.
aye kinfolk dat junt hard lose them shoes tho.
and make walk a mile 3dand dats cut throat
I'll be there!
See you in the garden in a couple hours

me and are on skype singing no air !
get at us lol :D
I'm feeling bad for not remembering HAHAA..
I heart in a manly sort of way...
I sure missed on the Trinneberg prediction didn't I?
Sounds good we'll get some out to you asap
Sounds good!
I'll let you know for sure what day it will be next week :
Road trip to Corpus Christi for Scream It Like You Mean It!!!!
Just when I'm trying to get my shit together...fuck this.
Reports so far are that the police are giving occupiers the option to leave.
Police are in riot gear.
you would then look like the lady that sings t shirt and panties on
Love life n love blunts!!!!
Let me know how it goes, Danielle!
Sorry to miss it.
But I'm learning at lot at ASU Libraries
:p yeah sure, we need a ride though.
Happy 30th anniversary  lives have been saved thx to your reporting!
Looks like this occurred in May of 2008  if this were just occurring today it would blow the top off things.
Kids are so lazy nowadays!
How the hell you going to play the wii sitting down??
The whole point of the game was for you to get up and move!
I'm glad I'll be in Argentina for New Years 2013.
I don't think I could celebrate New Years without my favorite Dick.
RIP Dick Clark.
can't the baby just be left locked up with the bike?
where is the live stream?
If we all strive to be our best, disappointments will become a thing of the past
her names yeee.
Solid.
thanks!
trying to strategize.
Will yell out hi timborb's minions!
as I run by the aid station  24.
:
haha those were definitely good times
Almost jumped put of my skin b/c I thought something was jumping at me in the dark.
Turns out my eyes were just adjusting 
Just got added to the Rogue Wave show in Detroit!
ROGUE WAVE with GAMBLE HOUSE and JAVELINS
What shall I eat??
Thanks Bruno for the kind RT!!
man when i become known..
im gonna fuck with ppl so much!
lol, illuminati jokes and shit..
i hope i offend ppl..
lmaoo
this is key inning as same inning where he fell apart a bit in Texas.
Good if gets out unscathed.
Duncan play didn't help him
just suggested my public library buy season 1 of
Getting the set list together for tomorrow night.
Looks like we're trying 2 new ones.
You get to be the lab rats.
Potassium Iodide Sales Surge on Heels of Large Government Order MarketWatch MOORESVILLE, NC, April 13, 2012 /PRNewswire
breathing air
The only MLS game I watched last year was when they beat LA.
I will always rememver that atmosphere.
Legit.
Longest line for hotel checkin I've ever seen in my life!!!!
I think im a hillbilly at heart!!
hahaha Chattahoochee!
I've been served.
Sucks.
I'm chill.
Not ready to go back to school tomorrow.
Who's trying get this money ?
Lyon: We have usually thought of deliberation as a process with a terminus.
And that's the mistake, she says.
liljimmy is now trending on twitter insted of areyouseriousbro?
Friday 11/11 at the Wine Cellar in mtadams, 9pm.
For travel to be delightful, one must have a good place to leave and return to.
Thanks defense.
: OH ALL THE JACKSONVILLE FOLLIES organmusic
Thanks for the milk and cookies!
Super yums!
www.kociradio.com harmonica blues: Paul deLay Band, William Clarke, Billy Boy Arnold
3GNY WEDU Back to School Party at Tenjune from 7301030.
open bar and great crowd!
Come join us tomorrow night!
Only three papers and two presentations left until I can officially have stage II senioritis.
classof2012
Lmao!
Hope everything is well Dude.
My most favorite color green cause i got 99 problems nd money aint one em'
LA Mayor: We stand w/Pres.
Obama  love dsnt hv a color, love dsnt care if youre gay or straight.
Love dsnt discriminate
Anyone in HK go and check out Tassels, Basement floor of the Landmark in Central.
40 off select Alden's  Crockett  Jones.
You have two weeks to stop by the museum to visit our latest exhibitions again.
We'll be closing on December 14.
be safe with Irene, and good luck!
We're hoping in Baltimore to not have a repeat of Isabel
NFL doctorft tonight!
Lol smart woman
Still the best bday ever tho
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
33333
Dixiana Studio decided to highlight some of the Christian recordings during Holy Week.
Watch for daily postings.
What's your favorite thing about me?
Celebrating Mother's Day up at Purdouche with the bro bro :
i realize their name might be crazy, but their music is oh so good.
I almost freaked out when I was just madly searching in the guide for our game.
Don't worry tweethearts, I found it.
Awesome finish!!!!
LOL.
That is so bad.
He'd prolly be in first if he cared at all
I hate my PBL president so much.
Ugh she's
I hate crying alone especially when mike can't make it better.
So xcited to see the screening of Wanderlust tonite!
who needs the nba?
I'm not too sure.
I go wherever goes!
: what about you all?
Knew this game was going to be close
I must say, the fine ladies at the Starbucks near Gate 31A are fast and efficient.
M coffee.
I plan to sister.
I read Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest in 4 days...
We're safe :
RT : IMLS makes grants available to African American museums, museum service organizations, and historically black......
Here comes the rain again, falling on my head like a mammory...
Falling on my head like a new emotion...
I hate sleepin alone
We should run for president.
Already sold out the first Fish Special of the day...Chef!
What's Next?!?!
Compiling a list of best travel memoirs.
Do U have a fav?
travelmemoirs As Paladin might've said, Have Book, Will Travel.
Took a deposition of Plaintiff who has been getting unemployment comp for almost 2 years.
Still no job interview.
I'm going to wear THAT tomorrow.
I am free as can be, indeed.
Haters smile up in ur face and turn around nd pop shyt
I am not sure how I feel about this..
I want a pet penguin3
grilling out after an intense 8 mile hike in Brown County
yep staying busy!
How about you?
trust and patience, that what the Universe is asking for...that and step up and take action!
Lol I don't get 's twitters.
You'd be confused too.
i love my bros
What you really meant was that you think Indy will win the SB
MSC  Strong finish to Q1.
How did you finish up?
Creating my playbook for Q2.
Got some exciting projects to work on.
Stay tuned.
LebronJames and Chrispaul are my 2 favorite players in the nba
: thanks: why am I getting this mention when it was back in AUGUST?!:O
exciting news.
Congrats.
Y'all know I got a car lol
Follow for a solo ShoutOut if you did tweet me 'BELIEBER'
Presenting today with today at OELMA about eReaders and the digital horizon.
Looking forward to meeting this eager group!
TouchAPlane raises awareness for Civil Air Patrol and Run for the Fallen NH  Foster's Daily Democrat
Tell me what you know about dim sum.
LOL!!
you should have seen it girl.
i aint even lyin' :
In the roaring metropolis of Big Bend, about an hour north of Eau Claire.
BigOven recipe app, released 5 days ago, downloaded 120,000 times.
Now 8 overall free app in the iTunes store.
BigOven.com 2 mm uu's/mo!
how about some Rancid Joe?
Hopefully the royals are just being extra cautious with
Texting Non iPhone users receiving multiple messages instead of one long one
Last day of the Career Center at MLA2012.
Come in to have your resume critiqued or talk about job search  networking!
well that was a pretty great Easter :
why are all the random things you come up with so perfect xD i Get on twitter.
and i don't even know what to say..
soogreat
15N at Carol Canyon stopped traffic acrossed all lanes due to accident.
I am so clever that sometimes I dont understand a single word of what I am saying.
Going to see Marvels The Avengers soon because every other time is sold out lmaoo excited  :D
Think top ten lists dont get publicity?
How about the FBIs Ten Most Wanted List?
J.
Edgar Hoover started it in 1949.
Just trying to help you
:  I think too much ....
me to UGH ..
im thinking right now lol
RT : Took some funny ass pics today wit and x wee great day today!!!
Holy balls, there are 3 episodes of Community tonight?
Awesome.
I door greeted today for the first time...people are such bitches.
I love my new gig
what's your prediction for the 95 north corridor between PA and NH for Sunday?
see you in Houston!
Those that will hear me speak, let 'em stay here; Those that will follow Cassius, go with him;
Tomorrow is going to be a long day feelsick apexams 
share with me anything with movies clips.
I'm striving for the Future of Television with Ringz.
We love content!
Thanks for passing the word!
better than FB??
I can't believe that lol.
We'll see what happens in about a month.
Have a good day in the Bay
Any inspired entrepreneurs hitting up hopsandchops tonight?
Back of shirt: Like my shirt?
After the race, I'll let you read the front.
sure, no problem.
just shoot me an email.
:
Hate to say it, but I am starting to think Kobe is done.
He won't win another ring.
Grocery shopping would be a pretty great idea right about now...
Just once, I want to see the word font trending.
Done.
Safe travels, bud.
Is it too hot to make banana bread?
plz let it be me!
If she's jealous ,she cares.
Working on it guys ;
Tbqh I've never once had a martini tho..
What cities are those?
8 min to Restaurant Walk in OB.
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
You're welcome!
RT Yet another time waster at work  and getting me hooked on app doctorw Something
I talked to Chris Adamson about this at cocoaconf.
It's not an easy problem to solve.
I'll need Audio Units.
Now learning Core Audio.
Yes!!!RT : Had BEST SERVICE  yummy food at last night  preNutcracker Ben  Heidi ROCK!
96cent sliders YUM!
Just made it in !
beerpong !
hahahaha always gigglez when i see nyjer morgan in those goofy baggy baseball pants
broncos 6 Patriots 10.
Broncos ready to Kick.
looking for Memphis soul ck us out simply grand music
that's what's gonna fall tonight??
Oops, I made a mistake.
All in 10 min.
I did a great deed and left a sorta passive aggressive note for a soon to be former neighbor.
Bet they never alleypark again
My favorite is Halle Berry's doctorss in 2002
Politics and steak is my middle name.
good to see you today!
Wishing you the best w your goal of 50!!
bold law
The girl in the stall next to me is too short for her legs to touch the ground.
Looking to chat with someone about how can support YPs
Such a beautiful day!
Need to learn to function before 10am.
Wow I stayed late today...
contemplating how to visualize the Collections budget data in a compelling way.
good after noon all is well had a storm come though last nite, no damage my rosees are in full bloom
All I have to say Bill is that Guns do not kill, People do!
i fucked up...
never again
pickle chips are my favorite thing
: where are you going when you leave El Paso?
q:
Ha, no.
We do miss you though.
Jerk.
:
:0 thank you !
Go watch that Lady Gaga cover, freaking awesome!
Alright im up, more xmas shoppin today.....
Don't text me while I'm texting you, now I have to change my text.
HAHAHAHAHA!
I just LOVE your reactions; its adorable!
xD  aww thank you!
:
come back to the dark side.: I feel wiped out too but it's because I finally tried bikram today.
if those colors are too close to your fave shirts, i say go wild and dye them khaki.
The adoption movie October Baby will finally be coming to Roanoke, Virginia this Friday April 13!
It will be shown at the Carmike 10!
John Mayer 3
Baby Faced and I'm all about my hygiene
One of thosee nights I cant sleep cause' of all these thoughts thumping in my head.
Good morning twitter i love a 5 day weekend
It's just too much stuff, but I have a lot of cooks in various kitchens to satisfy.
well clearly this is all in order...
think ill have a snooze
The world changes every day.
As technology advances, change accellerates its pace.
Position yourself in the right place at the right time.
Is there an Ollie's in Middlesboro?
:
meandyoucantdate shouldn't be in your vocabulary fat hoe, u know you only date burgers bitch!!!
If someone would have told me b4 the tournament that Morehead.State has a realistic chance of advancing to the sweet 16, I would've laughed.
by : Stewart St.
offramps from SB I5 mainline and express lanes are now open following memorial procession for Seattle po...
I need 2 more followers until i reach 200!
Shoutout for shoutout?!
RT for a shoutout but only if I get one
Chuck Harmon is talking about meeting Babe Ruth
Please share.
South Asian Filmmakers, submit your film to the Silent River Film Festival .
http//withoutabox.com./login/9932
Firm Solutions Unlimited a BPO service provider specializing in law firm backoffice solutions.
website: www.firmsolutionsltd.com
so....
apparently the network seems to still be on holiday and needs an extra day off too.
SO SLOW TODAY.
RT : THREE hour OPENbar  40   theEXPERIENCEafterParty Saturday April 14th See you at the show?
yes
potbellys lunch time
That said, I am praying doctorse is okay ...though reports indicate it's serious...
Wishing him a speedy and complete recovery.
Fact of the day: Obi Wan Kenobi never spoke the exact words, May the force be with you.
Only thing the mavs are missing in there line up are and
that really pumps us fans up too, hook em baby.
Happy Birthday!
This Limit on the Number of People I can Follow Through Twitter thing is getting to be very annoying!
congrats man!
we aim to please
follow NOW!
i hope 2day be cool
Why thank you
It's definitely midterm week.
Everyone's in the library with their heads down.
Spring break can't get here fast enough!
thanks for the shoutout!
srsly  there are a bunch of those stupid berry things on my car from the blooming trees!
WERE ERR BODY AT
When followed me: on valentines day 21
Get a 25 certificate for 2 here: www.majkltravel.net shopYTB restaurant.com link
10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs with you
Why did I have to have a doctorAppt the day after I saw Contagion?
In honor of Mother's Day, I'm going to eat some eggs.
iremember when u told me u liked how white my skin was.haha.
ill pretty much die if i tan.
:P
Will you look at THAT!
On the left side of each of those pairs are your older normal mice
Can you werk wit that played on the radio on my way to work....I may or may not have twerked in my car..
Eat some for me cuz!
RT : Finna order pizza
We're happy to be an inspiration!
Rock on!
oh yes it does lol :
And noone watches it anymore RT Boxing is like ballet.
Except theres no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other
Did you hear that Jesus Christ Superstar is going to Bway after the run?
Perfect for Eric!
justsayin'
consider it booked...wherever it may be haha.
love jblue
can u dm them for me too
Omer  Taj hitting their free throws...
wow.
Follow us on Twitter!
The pauly d project tonight staying up watching it yeah buddy!!!
Unhelpful!
MT : Having a job w/o raising kids is most fun route, why it's one men usually choose, pushing childcare 2 women
Your digital footprint can help you determine what you have a passion for in life.
Will u be my valentine
Off shopping today!
Looking for a bright yellow bandage doctorss, any suggestions?!
Really can't believe I'm at the gym at the but crack of dawn..
All the girls at this party have boyfriends :
I go anywhere I want.
I only go where I'm wanted.
I got a taste for a mojito or a mimosa LOL a bit early but dont judge me rockstar lifestyle
New goal for 2012: more shit talking, with less words
.
It was a great vlog.
Tell us which one you decided to go with!
what does that mean.
Lol
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses
Duck Confit  Local Watercress tossed in blueberry vinaigrette with toasted pistachios, Noble Springs feta  candied fennel 12
Watching a tv show about snack food is probably not the best of ideas....
s/o to for the follow, Check out her website !
: Fuck a Asics.
C'MON SON!
Nigga doing his thang right now...
He'll be with the swoosh soon enough
thanx Mario for the follow looking forward to connecting!
Im not sure.
Congrats to Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck on the birth of a baby boy this morning!
It's their 3rd child.
No name announced yet......
lol and I can't help but laugh.
RT : Today is the LAST DAY to try to win the Beach BBQ!
We can't let SHA win.
possibly.
We'll be in town until sunday so I might book something for saturday
Can't Wait To Take The Stage W/You
I hate feeling uneasy
not that what's talk radio discussing is a valid measuring stick.
or anything but anecdotal
Bagel bites
Thanks for the RT, Joel.
It is unethical when an attorney advises a woman to do whatever they can do to get their husband to strike them so she have him taken 2 jail
Thank you for canceling one of my classes a week before it starts.
yeah its pretty far about 3045 min from chapel
I been listening to dis doctoram chasers 2 for some days now
Sorry, but you got it wrong!
He never apologized for killing Trayvon!
He said sorry for your loss Hm...not remorseful!
Future gig in Boston banned.
WHY?
City ordinance AGAINST DANCING!!!!
WTF.
DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION!
Are you almost done with the book?
Libraries are out.
I'll buy it otherwise!
nah tomorrow morning
you know I gotchu doe
Gotta help those who can't help themselves.
if the universe really wants me to succeed, then it's leading me down path WAY less traveled
Much ado about nothing.
SHOUTOUT on the great victory last night against the
Leaving SB46  great wins in Indy w/clients, industry leaders, my staff ; I also have more chewing gum than I could ever use
I remember where I was that day.
Some things you don't forget!
RT : Once mundane things entered our life, we regressed those thoughts for more procedural ones
thanks, mike  glad you enjoyed it
I don't remember the exact details, but a couple on an anniversary date was confronted by the marriage ?
from her.
AWKWARD.
We had a fabulous weekend!!
Our event we designed Saturday was a complete success....we'll post pictures soon!
In boston and we doctorpped a bomb.
Tomorrow...lovin cup is simply put...ground zero.
Oh wow!
:D Yaaay!
Stop by ours near the registration table, may win a prize later RT Gonna do showbooth shuffle
NEW VIDEO doctorPS IN 2 MINS!
I can't wait to watch Gonzaga and West Virginia play!!
but the snow is so pretty!
Latinas with mixed textured hair can try out the products at the exhibit  you'll have fun learning about your hair from the professorssionals
this is my last tweet to you Madison.
I hope you have a good night and I wish you followed me!
I'm a fun person:o heheh
: lunch was delicious!!
spudhead Thanks!
Gonna give her a big hug if we ever meet.
So she knows.
Hey ninja101,what are you doing?
spring is in the air!
Can't wait to start on my patio construction.
Imagine  taking a cooking class and then dining al fresco!
Yes PLEASE!
Can you upload vids on here?
Or just post the link?
Weak sauce
Courage doesnt always roar.
Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says Ill try again tomorrow
You can do anything, but not everything.
David Allen
NO...
TIME IS JUS RIGHT FIE DAT SHIT UP CANT CALL IT WAKEBAKE CAUSE I WOKE UP STILL BAKED FROM YESTERDAYS SMOKE SESSIONlol
I Believe Having Ron Paul as President would turn our country around towards prosperity.,
U SHOULD DO A FOLLOW SPREE
My phone doctor af nd sum new
your the best!
I had lazagnia.
Hi Kathy Ann sent me the link for proposals for the B2B Forum looks like i missed date any chance i can submit?
Double.
Eagle.
Running in the minimarathon this weekend?
It's gonna be a hot one!
: 420 and its raining You in the H?
i'm not using him, he isn't playing me, don't try to fuck up my relationship cause you cant be happy with yours..
Are you involved in the UCLA student chapter?
I'd like to talk to you guys.
oh lol yes!
Beer, straight shots!
It'll all go down!
was very surprised to find that none of my students, in a wmns studies class, had ever heard the mantra: the personal is political.
Excited to do this walk for sicklecell sat 5 miles wit my cuzin , n my sis
like this concept.
Let's see what happens next!
Good luck tomorrow...I hope you will choose a Padoctorn as a victory smoke or to cheer you up if...
Watching The Boy in the Striped Pajamas this world is so fucked up.
email sent!
Oh wow!
I just saw!!
Thank you soc much, I'm honored!
Email coming ASAP :
thinking about a Florida trip in the next few days now
OMFG!
I think we all need to sit down and STFU about all these rumors!
Do t believe everything the paparazzi says!
It's just causing doctorma!
We are lookning for a part time Program Director at DFI!
Would love LMFT and LCSW email resume and cover letter to
Don't forget to wish Fabby a happy birthday from team csnbayarea.com...!

and you!
There's room for at least three more without even breaking a sweat.
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Thanks for the RT !
That was all you!
yes.
Cramming for a final, but I will DM you Friday.
I'm Not Saying I'm Bad or Look Better Then Anyone but..
the bitches that say that Shit are
haha true if you're gonna do it, might as well make some paper with it lol
yep mine says boss bitches boss!
m yea buddy!
Enjoy your 420 day.
Can't wait till my !!
I know is excited.
Best Boards From Cape Surf Cocoa Beach are up.....Remember automatic 10 OFF for hitting the LIKE button!!!!
not even an hour into studying and i find myself on twitter
's Laker tank gave my band  I good luck  we tore that stage apart.
Party.
good!
Fucker.
RT: Just In: Former State Sen.
Espada Found Guilty Of Four Counts Of Theft
: are those books seriously amazing!?!?!
Yes!
I'm on the last one.
SO good!
Can't wait for the movie ;D
From May 114, Green Valley Lib will feature exhibit consisting of 6 decades of artwork of actual ETs doctorwn by/for people abducted.
so then the next part is trickier  have these different threads converged on similar design approaches for a reason?
RT : Last thing on specially UK fans.
Do you not realize you get EVERY recruit you want?
New age, spoiled fans.
Shame on you
niggas Aint Got no Communication Levels Thats Whyy I don't Even Try !!!!
now you get to be on top of Cody when you go to the beach;
Educause core services have been redesigned to be easier to use and administer
i know what you mean...my old ones fadin away...slowly but surley
Eh..........really don't wanna sleep.
Bout to hit up Lisa and see if she's trying to go work out.
Need some assistance today lol
Regularly check your foundations for cracks and old patches.
V shaped cracks are serious.
Find an expert.
Follow me so I can dm you
Really great show tonight.
Big thanks to ,  /via
Dear Ken, did you know Barbie's knees dont bend??
good luck with that...Sincerely,Bratz : cracksmeup!
says MAX Blue/Red Lines have returned to servicing all stops.
Riders should expect some delays as regular service returns.
why do u guys gotta talk smack.
Don't start an East vs.
West coast war.
Empty Google Reader.
nope sorry i don't think shes going can you answer a question were you guys going to go to walmar
Trust teh Pale RT : only because a pale white man told me to!
It shall be done
Keep practicing for those auditions Actors!
You can rock it!
whats stopping her if she did??
Listen I'm off this, Im not going thru this with u and she not even responding
Who knows with !
But that was the cheapest shot I've seen in a LONG time.
Friday funny: In other news, AOL is suing Yahoo for violating their patent on a method for systematically dismantling a technology company.
Even the Sun Sets in Paradise.
Let's be twitter friends.
You follow me and we friends follow back you to grow fast followers
Hello Everyone.
I was just able to get back into my Twitter account
That the solution I'd give him if I were the Judge.
Along with a little snip  clip!
Perhaps batterypower.co could help?
US company, great pricing, free shipping and a years warranty included!
her husbands wish was 2b buried at Forest Lawn.
She chose not to bc she doesn't waste money on the dead, had him cremated instead.
AND I'M OUT...
ZZOOOOOMMMMM
ExportsWeak USD?
Is the plan to prop up Am mfg at the expense of hightech economy?
Good for unions; bad for college grads.
Demagoguery.
Rumors are true!
is now officially launched and live with LevelUp!
Go forth and snag some inspired burritos with your phone :
Leaving chilly 70 degrees, going to warm 30
The seagulls are taking over the bleachers by force.
If couples who are in love are called 'love birds', then couples who always argue should be called 'angry birds.'
2 for 1 all night at Qbar.
Just what the doctor ordered.
could you send a quick email to for more info?
Time to paint some more...
People that do that are SO annoying.
RT You don't have to respond to everything
Cherry Jones is fantastic on Awake.
Always enjoy seeing her working!
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
Something I've always wondered...
when there's a dog in a novel, why does it ALWAYS die?
I don't even like dogs and I cry every time!
And Just like that, you're more lyrical than Soulja Boy and Waka Flaka....
RT Two tears in a bucket, motherfuck it
Totally gonna find my Soulmate tonight, if I meet a guy who also has all of Soul Man starring Dan Akroyd on VHS.
There's a goal.
All tied up now Avalanche tie it up  2 with 10mins remaining!!
Anybody who wants to add me as a friend on Facebook add me Lenny Edwards with my same professorle pic
Our school board in Middleton is busting our teacher's union.
We have INCREDIBLE teachers in my kids' school.
My heart is broken.
LOVING THIS!
just saw this.
Thanks :
One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninetynine who have only interests.
John Stuart Mill
It was a methaphor 4 taking a true deep look  urself which no 1 can tell u!
Not even ur mom u have 2 discover it
Destinations signs on buses on new MetroEXpress routes will feature the end point of each route to aid passengers.
Confront today's challenges head on!
And weren't they amazing?!
Great bands/shows tonight
Awesome!
Thank you!
Think im sticking to 4 girls  4 Guys keeping it in family bridesmaid and groomsmen
no problem
ditto...wonder if they are gonna be just as glitzy or less so cuz it's the U.S.
Sept 16th we'll be at the state fair!
7PM
Looking at your pictures now.
You probably had a great night last night.
:
Check out HoneyBlaze Facebook page and like it if you like our wings..
I need a recommendation for an inexpensive, ez to use video recorder.
Is Flip the way to go?
Never bought one, need advice.
ur a cutie pie
I like hearing white folks saying World Peace
I love scrolling thro my Instagram line and looking at all tha beautiful chick: lol follow ya boy ON Instagram..
I saw his tweet and thought I was mistranslating it.
Couldnt be.
Had to pop it in google translate to double check.
Lmao how YOU sound.
You KNOW thats the only way you gets  haha I wouldnt take you commited job no tho !
lol ;
Ciao friends!
TVA pool hang out!
Sweet!!!!!!
Pick up some of cute Turkey cupcakes!
Yum!
Watch ya mouth, everybody does that.
Kobe, Pierce, KG etc RT : LBJ ole' baby ass.
Acting like AI used to.
wow people suck
hey!
Thanks for the follow.
Post a picture of it later!
: Oh, there goes your sexy curls!
Haha!
We will love you no matter what, misterSexy!
in bed still recovering from a great Christmas
okay : if you want it, of course.
Buccos game tonight, Let's go!
Playing Bryce harper!
I'm the only person i know who can listen to Eminem, Asking Alexandoctora, and Sublime, in one day.
It's so nice out today!
Cool down with your favorite McCafé doctornk!
Good Morning!
Have you read Employment Rage?
I wrote it just for you.
Lori versus Andoctora?
Dang.
I'm in Lori's camp for sure...
MyFaveCelebApprenticeContestantIs Homework....
NOT!!!!
AFA Graduation Tickets Available Wednesday
The Clippers game has been the best playoff game so far.
I think fall will time out perfectly.
That seems to be our month, doesn't it?
We live in a world full of people pretending to be something they're not.
I feel like you guys just dont understand man
Now i asdfghjkling love 3e2.
I work at a grocery store, one of my employees called in on Super Bowl Sunday and said, I accidentally doctornk a six pack, and don't want ...
Prime example of gender bias on wikipedia  compare Leonidas Hubbard entry with Mina Hubbard entry!
NIGHTSWEATS closed, but what a fantastic run!
Thank you for being amazing, cc:
Thanks for making a difference!
So excited to have the opportunity!
So glad you're back, you were missed!!!!!
usually the end of August.
Why??
You going to come on up and do my hair and makeup??
My proposal was accepted for the Training Magazine conference in Oct.
My session will be on Coaching your teams to expand 3.0 possibilities.
Gotcha.
Seems like a few of these offer some of functionality you would get from 2010.
Will be interested to hear what you use!
Hahaha wow.
RT : Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: I don't shake subs hands.
Fair enough.
Thanks for the follow!
How can we join the performance?
waitin on God to bless  me for all the good I have done
Chocolate strawberries 
Well, perhaps there's a role in Duplicity for me?!
: 
Lol I wonder will I ever get oomf number
We're playin' our songs...
when the sun comes down :
Sightseeing is a strange word.
It's snowing like hell here in Brussels.
Starting to worry my feet will never be warm again.
whenever i have the house all to myself i have my One Direction time xP
Sitting outside for a few minutes so as not to throw things at my computer screen.
Good choice.
The work goes well but there's.
so.
much.
doing FYBA basketball again this season!
it starts up again later this year.
I'm stoked.
I've been playing basketball for 6 years.
:P
I'm sure I've heard worse
We never had such a list.
Please search before you accuse us.
RT When someone unfriends or unfollows me, I just assume that they have a low tolerance for awesome.
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank for having me
Can't wait for iug2012 to begin!
I'm insulted, how old am I 19???
I'm a grown ass man lolol
I like your style.
ABC is one big party for you :
SAME!
tweet me your loc tomorrow!
I dont know you but I love you.
We are the future
Is now, and forever will be a
yeah, been too long.
Kelley busy searching for my birth certificateKOIN Local 6 News
One side of brain is happy; the other not so much
donald is on the packers though!!
he needs to win!!
This is your most epic tweet ever.
RT Was arrested at OWS.
Now released.
Spending our Sat once again having lunch at the ; had banh mi; I had XCLLNT Wow
Very happy to, though 90 of my answers will be compost it.
The other 10 will be add more shredded paper to the compost.
Ppl who talk about ppl n try to talk ppl down r so unnecessary...
N y wondor y they life is how it is...
Neway Nw my fav movie Nortorious
I'm all socialmedia d out!
nitenite !
LSCON should we be talking about context or motivation when designing performance improvement?
Oh, Kansas.
Also, I hope this is 1 of those selfreferential dodon't lists, which means you are wearing pjs  1 heel 1 slipper
wahhh I know!
but guess what?!
We hope everyone had a safe and fun Memorial Day Weekend!
Need summer plans?
CASA is always looking for volunteers for Bmore's Foster Kids!
Audience segmentation coming this afternoon.
10Facebooktips if you keep changing your status to its complicated please just keep it at single on Facebook to save your energy
ok boo
YES.
Now it's time to focus my powers on QueenB!
Rewriting it today!
Have you ever looked at a picture and seen a stranger in the background?
It makes you wonder how many strangers have pictures of you.
google the word godPawn and check that out!
blows my mind
Exciting Friday night for me.
Wife  kids crashed early, so buried my nose in Bones of the Hills for 4 chapters.
Big fan of Conn Iggulden.
Rice Christie Brinkleys
No puppy !!!
I ain't jealous !
You.mine already!!!!!
Duh
He's single!
Operation Snag Jake has begun.
Stage One: be the supporting friend and show him how trustworthy I am.
I'll have him by Xmas.
so you're tweeting while doctorving?
um I'm telling mom...
Steak quesadillas with cotija  colby jack and peche lambic ale.
Good night for food.
u follow me like twitter ;p
When i think of the people that are special to me it kinda helps even if i know tht they're far away from me.:
just came across your Black Swan article.
Nice work!
Very helpful as I'm looking to do the same thing.
Also big fan of NN Taleb
Faith is Knowing
good, thanks :D And don't forget, we're from sweden, so our english may not be the best ;
Had a great time at church today.
You're going to need a new bed frame...again.
Off to the Ojai Lavender Fest!
haha aww I'm determined to find an awesome cupcake place here
First click attribution  This is like giving my first girlfriend credit for me marrying my wife says,
Thank you!
Didn't notice that it rhymed until u mentioned it ; Have a great day!
right, Great Game, about Brits fighting Russians for dominance in Central Asia.
Is it possible you get angry from time to time because you wear uncomfortable shoes?
Jay to Gloria
Focus can now move on to development and production of the next project.
PRIVACY 2 in the mix someone asked?
Hm....
I really need a boy friend
Peepers..we R changing R menu and would love your ideas on any entrees you would like tweaked or you would like us to add to our menu
I'll talk to you at school.
I have power at work...
really dont feel like stepping out in thatcold
RT : Eh, a little late to the game.
Now minidiscs are in.
There are 12 people on stage right now and I couldn't tell ya which one is Kool.
Whichever one he is, he and his gang are awfully funkay.
Scotland Yard Pub: Football tonight at 8:30!
Gonna be HUGE!!
Thanks ImmediaEdu for sponsoring today's mobile2012 breakfast!
under old CBA none of the rooks would've been allowed since there was no rookie wage scale to expedite contract signings.
Good saturday to work on Betascape  looking forward to releasing the schedule.
You have friends?
; Well, i guess they're poor.
First time ever im not looking forward to Friday...
Gonna miss all my Brothers
Just finished justified.
So sad it's over.
Poor Raylan.
wow a long day!!!
Alright enjoy the rest of it then ...
And don't work too hard lol ttyl
Being alone is far better than being with the wrong person
I see that Seefeel is playing NYC.
Is that right?
Is THE Seefeel coming out of the ether for some reason?
Completely forgot about FF ,
LGBT people in southern states are more likely than northern counterparts to be raising kids.
Marriage inequality hurts these families.
I am really over all these little kid games.
This nigga in here doctorssed like a hospital patient lol
is giving a great keynote for our anythink Tech Fest!
Libraries: From Grocery Store to Kitchen
Mike Krzyzewski and Duke go one and done in tournament for first time since '96 loss to Eastern Michigan.Only 2nd time ever under coach K
christmas Can't get your Christmas gift shipped in time  remember: Florists Do It Daily
It really helps us when we have to get up for class.
we just..
don't.
go.
lol
Attending event with doctorpal founder
RT : Varick  King.
113  A perfect day for a fancy grilled cheese!!
Pls do a story on the impact of false accusations against PPD officers..
Get the Wyatt transcript  read it unanimous verdict
12: You're pretty but i don't think we've ever talked.
You should tweet me more:
they are the worst RT I seriously hate cuban mops...a.k.a T 
what's up Joe??
Just want to say that I'm a big fan and will u follow me on twitter????????
FOLLOW BACK???
Thinking about treating myself now that I'm back to normal after that heartbreaking loss.
Applebee's it is tonight.
hahaha i made a street team finalllyy:!
like i said i would on the ustreammm!!!: its fallon btw
I miss you to
two weeks of antibiotics for this contagious flu/sinus infection...
maybe I shouldn't be serving food jcs..
Some nights I wish that this all would end, cause I could use some friends for a change.
Better Living Thorough Alchemy.
Thanks to all of our new followers!
We're gearing up for some exciting things during the fall.
Stay tuned.
yes you do : thanks3
Asterisk RT : Phiily 79, Chicago 78.
For the second straight season, a No.
8 seed has taken down a No.
1 seed.
East Coast Residents: As a media professorssional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
no problem 3
LOL I found that quite odd myself.
Oh god, I think Eric's here.
No.
You're creepy and oooolllddd
2 milk is so much better than skim milk.
Eating healthy BLOWS.
what a fabulous day :
Ditto!
RT : Thanks!
RT : Congrats on the great magazine piece Heidi!
he doesn't like it, so I was just thinking about an alternative that maybe my daughter would like too...
SO glad u were there to rock out.
Ya killed it!
Individuals sometimes feel insignificant  doubt that one person can make a difference in this world.
We believe one person can.
Mary Kay
LOVED Over!
We want more!
thanks bro.
No clen.
Though armor.
oh i thought u wer gonna say CAUSE ITS SUMMER BREAK MOFO.
i just need to get in shape, breath easy..
run distances in matter of certain time..
OMG!
Wouldn't have a life!
Twitter owns TweetDeck now, so it's improving.
Very useful when set up right.
Love the timer feature!
MT Thanks for helping spread the word.
praying every day?
But god has a plan...
So either your prayer is with god's plan, or it's against it.
If against, what's
Swift as the Wind, Silent as a Forest, Fierce as Fire and Immovable as a Mountain.
Someone please invent fat free nuetella
You Don't Know How Lovely You Are ...No One Said It Was Easy .......
just read all hostages released
There ya go!
Way to do it boys!
Stop Living On Other People's Opinion.
Believe In Your Strengths And CapabilitiesYour Life Will Never Be The Same
RT : People just don't 'give up' on people.
You must've done something wrong.
The winner has been contacted.
Micky and the Motorcars tonight  Pub Fiction!
Doors open at 4:30!
Don't miss it.
problem is not everyone is fit for college.
But stigma associated with not going to college.
Happy star wars day!
cheers Lorenzo!
Good morning, we have some great news: It's Friday!
So...Duke just got assaulted by a bum  knocked him in the face.
He is now bleeding.
In other news, the vinyl release show was great.
Idk wat is running threw my mind ctfu so muc right now :/
Did all home teams win this weekend?
Please RT: What's your favorite Bannedbook and why?
Let us know.
Think for yourself.
WWW.teasecatalog.com
Lieberman/Coburn Medicare proposal raises eligibility age from 65 to 67, adds list of income requirements
anotha good taurus like me!
Wink!
Muahz!
Last presentation in the last class of the year.
mister B on his first theater experience, a place of power that carried thoughts  images that cd influence people professorundly.
I'm not chubby bitch
My wife got tickets: tomorrow we will celebrate anniversary at Minnesota Rollergirls match.
A for novelty,but these are complicated times.
So thankful for the whole team plowing in prayer at UofL for 5 straight weeks.
Next Sunday we move to Beulah Church and Delightful Way.
Who is going to see John Caparulo at the Historic Turner Ballroom tonight?
Starts at 8 p.m.!
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: I don't want to deprive myself of good food.
What's your excuse?
i know you hate me doe.
Do any doing EAD know why in instances whatever instance type you pick automatically gets generated???
What are you gonna do?
:
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets.
The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears.
And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain.
thanks Ali, knew you'd be impressed!
lol
Missing musashi, so we are having teppanyaki in honolulu!
It probably won't be as good..
I just wanna be in bed right now.
Definitely left wide open!!
he's better behind the camera as someone once said I have a great face for radio....
:
Live My Life Limitless Like I'm On NZT .
I hear a Tosa TweetUp is in the works.
Are you participating?
The Greg Biffle fan must be going nuts right now.
No shit.
That was a serious workout for my heart rate.
BREAKING NEWS: Sig Alert on I805 in Chula Vista.
Latest on NBC 7 San Diego at 11 p.m.
of course that's after I tore the house the car call rue 21, sallys, maurices, and was talking to WALMART screaming I found it!!
Had someone imply I might find alligator in back seat of carI'm assuming positive intentionality so am sure he means alligator shoes :
hey qtip.
I love you what's up/
1 RT Q2.
Worse was the bone pain from the white blood cell booster shots.
Knocked me to my knees right in front of them.
watching keepinng up apperances and then are you being served?
!
i love britishcomedy!
RT : Since we're scaffoldingcovered we decided to give away something chocolatecovered; come in, today only, for free choc.
Wait, we meant quit.
shit.
it's fantastic, I can share things that are so much more personal....
intimate
Because I was on the bridge directly above the OB Metra trains, the locos sprayed me with their smoke...which was perfectly fine with me!
I choose to build a better world with our talents..not destroy it with envy for those who think they have no talent
Oh, definitely.
Too bad they didn't get entire original cast, but Bruce Willis  The Rock are hard to pass up.

I hope you have a great Mother's Day with some WCM in there somewhere!
Have fun!
I feel like I'm in an episode of community
There's a mapping format out there called geoJSON.
Is there anything JSON can't do?
FAT TUESDAYS Up Elevated Lounge, .25 cent wings, 5 Hurricanes,3 Corona's  Buds,Happy Hours Prices All Night all
Good work today for my teammates that did the field workout in weights today.
You laugh because Im different, I laugh because youre all the same..
Twitter handles for this morning's panels Marketing and Advertising:
Nice..tonight?
Opening session at opengovwest.com.
Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn talks about his campaign's Twitter strategy.
Also: He uses Basecamp.
Summer objectives: get money party bullsh and vacation all damn summer with main btches!
I think there's a way to cut yourself off of replies, or remove yourself from the list.
Annoying  pestery little problem, true.
Robby is a damn punk...
i hope the ppv is good this weekend.....
Unfriending, not upfriending.
Can you tell it's Friday?
I sure can.
WHAT THE EFF.
My Library doesn't say what time it closes.
I NEED TO KNOW!
I NEED TO GET THE NOTEBOOK!
The 'average bet' metric shouldn't be the only indicator of a player's level.
I play every day  the total  played is in the 96th ile easy
UPDATE ON EPIPEN ADD....It has been removed!!...:
Challenging  if followed effectively, YOU could be in on the most popular trend in making money today!
That's Real Estate Investing!
I would have gone!
Funniest show on tv.
OMFG!!
SAYSOMETIN IS MY NEW JAM!!
Hi there...Well I just bought a house.
So things are good.
Thanks Katie.
Any Derby plans?
but seriously!
Not a single smile...
Everyone looks like they have PTSD
it was great fun.
We will have to do it again soon.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Phil 4:13
But there's MORE than just Mona.
Finally springlike weather
She's a wonderful songstress.
Her voice will get you through tough times.
lmao
train express to my stop!!
jackpot :
Burned coffee at the cute independent place is more than a girl can tolerate.
A poor choice of words for a childoctorn's movie...
I'm not sure when I'm coming down next.
is coming up this weekend.
In love with your music!!!!
keep it up :
ImThatPerson who will let things go because holding something in isn't going to do you any good!
Why its the south by southwest music festival...
Austin Texas.
I'm at springs boys high what an awesome school I wish I was at that school to bad I'm a girl
its a bobble head aka a female that gives blowjobs on a daily basis lol
I cannot access facebook on my iPod?
Wtf !?
Mornin Tweeples!
Hallelujah HE'S Worthy To Be Praised!
My mom is playing Boys 2 Men A Song For Mama.
I love this song very sweet : 
Watching Mobbed.
Interesting story.
I actually saw Howie last year Pretty cool.
I miss my sista
Down!?RT : Im gonna apply at Barnes and noble or best buy for the summer:b anyone down to apply with me?:b
The doctorma of pain comes when we try to redirect the blame.
Lol you keep thinking that but, is al mine, and no, you did not give him aids.
: back off my man nigga!
Loll yess.
That was what he implied.
hahaha.
I thought it was funny cause I was gasping/wheezing.
But then again...
Trying to use my code you sent to me after the 11/11/11 deal.
Let me throw you more of my scrilla!
Keepin' it
ive been pretty good i guess, so how are things going?
hows school?
p
MajorTurnOn guys that play baseball
After a long morning of email not working  I think I am back up and running
Oh how I wish there was a magical treatment to obliterate my allergies to everything.
Listening to Shaun doctorp some vocal tracks and watching Burlesque in the studio.
Such an inspiring movie
I wonder if Rachel ever got her ice cream last night...
Or put on pants.
still trying to figure out how to explain to my parents that i'm playing hockey next year.
not this college bullshit
Bitch talks shit bout me when Im not in class thts cool, remember mutha fucker I got friends everywhere!
Wait till Monday!
Guna be so petty.
Leaving in 3 days :D
HA OMG that girl has my hair!
Thanks for the love!
We're so happy to meet you!
Why not?
Lol RT : I suggest you don't.
Lmao.
At least we won't have Seth Greenberg to whine when VA Tech is left out.
RT: 10 mins to the NCAA Lacrosse Selection Show.
Thanks for the kind words!
Hope to see you in for it again soon!
We'll have it again June 2nd.
Mom: Come down!
You: Okay.
a member from 1D tweets you: le stay online and never go downstairs
Fing hats auto spell changer
not as much as those 7 other girl's that you cheated on me with!!
thanks for coming to the show!
Psalm 120:67 KJV My soul hath long dwelt with him that hateth peace.
I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war.
ff amazing model and actress.
Time to work off all the Superbowl food I ate with
When gangsters call each other I get amused.
They're all like Fuck that nigga SmokeyOner!
Not suprised we got about 5 of snow yesterday.
No wonder it was hard walking out yesterday.
Most of the city got 1, but we got dumped on.
The cashier at my Circle K is a real circle jerk sometimes.
I finally convinced Wifey to let our dog Coco get neutered after four years of inappropriate behavior.
Coco's, not me or my wife.
nah he said hello..
lol
thanks, Tom.
You make it all worthwhile.
Happy BDay.
Nice photos: half expected to see Amy in Deerstalker hat :
Congrat!
New York Giants.
I know New York was going to win.
The hubby just calls me from work and says he wants to go house hunting this weekend.
A house on Oahu, don't have to ask me twice.
:
That Artest elbow is on Stern.
He was supposed to have kicked that maniac out of the league when he WENT IN THE STANDS AND PUNCHED A FAN.
this would only ....
Spilling redish nail polish on her fingers..
it looks like she fingered her self whe she was on her DOT.
I hate the BridgeDwellingTroll ...
and followed by the
Ariana without Victorious would still be were she is today.After 13 she'd probley get a record deal  go on a world tour.She'd still luv us
enjoyed creative economy article  would like to make an introduction to Duke professorand author Carl Nordgren will email u more
5 years later, I've joined Foursquare...and I think I like it?
One things for sure, Yelp and I are so done.
I'm afraid to lose that one thing I'm happy to have in my life.
Weight Watchers at Work starts today.
I hope we have enough people signed up!
.never mind!
I get to kick it with him!
3
ya I get those too
ask him how many vampires he has destroyed ...didn't you know he never died, he's a vampire nowmust be true I read it in a book
On my plate right now for acting class: On Camera exercise tomorrow waiting for sides, one monologue, three scenes.
Hey Milwaukee!
It's like spring out there.
It will melt your stresses away.
love you too hannah3
look at you, you little activist!
Cannot upgrade seat while checking in for flight.
REALLY ANNOYING.
Calling support now.
What server are you on?
I'm on Helm of Graush.
I rolled a Smuggler GS.
never say never is the quote i live by 3
same watching some family guy.
It is now time for Friday Night SmackDown!
You don't think our officials are just going to be happy w/ titular changes  the vote only??!!
LOL!
fixing our economy shouldnt allow our president to spend more money we dont have
While majority of Filipinos are fluent in English, I still believe that a local translation will captainvate more readers
writing at my favorite remote officePanera.
Blueberry bagel w/cream cheese, fresh squeezed o.j.
honey ginseng tea.
Ready for brilliance!
CP3 easily around Tony Allen...
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Winston Churchill
June 2nd and !
sounds good to me!
Your mirror and your camera have two completely different ideas of what you look like!
Thanks for having me.
Always a blast.
Sooner or later, Baltimore fans will get to enjoy baseball again.
Tomorow is gonna be god 
If you live in the greater Cincinnati area, you can text the word HEALTH to 300400 RIGHT NOW to sign up for our FREE mobile health program!
Soon There WONT Be ANYTHING That I CANT Do
i aint watching mayfeather till he fight pacmanwho cares if he cheats beat him down.....mtm said it tired of cowards
we'll definitely be contacting you about a future event!
:
Wait, what episode?
looking forward to you taking us there
mom side some anyway
can't wait to hear about your first day at your new job!
RT : Au contraire...
you won!
good point.
It was a lovely, vintage ceramic bedpan after all!
I'm here for business, but hopefully I can have a little fun tonight anyway.:
Wrote another song I'm pumped about, ran 3 miles, and have eaten healthy all day.
Now if I can keep this goin I'll be set ha
What was the best holiday gift you have ever gotten?
damn straight.
Lol
Wow thanks for all of the RTs today, friends!
See you on Monday!
:
One of my favorite passages!
I haven't used it at home, but I believe Makeda in Greenwood uses it during the summer and it's always pretty tasty
On the real, new bands coming together nicely.
Slowly but surely.
We'll make an official announcement in the next few weeks.
Happy Perm!
and how do you know who to follow without getting past 110 following.
Why?
: Who you guys picking tonight?..who you got?
Job interview tomarrow, kinda nervous thoee .
Grab a Snickers!
Of course!
My apologies RT : CHEESE!!
For the love of the Royal Monarchy, you need CHEESE
okay going to chill out for a while.
Tweet me and I'll respond when I get back!:
I wish I could've gotten a pic of me in the sound booth just now!
So cool!
I wanted to be like...can I get more snare in my headphones?
..
they did it to Michael
Congrats to on his Grammy nod!
I've been running bad the last 2 days on Fulltilt, my monster hands running into bigger monster hands.
Oh well I'll be back there tomorrow
Come support our cause at our Fit Fiesta coming up this May 4th.
Live Band, Food, doctornks, Auctions, Raffles, Kids Games, Dodgeball Tourny!
It's because House Republicans keep tacking outrageous riders to funding bills that have nothing to do with funding.
Watching the 'Cities' episode of America: The Story of Us, completely enthralling.
I am so thinking of pretending that i am sick so i dnt have to go to school tomorrow!!
D
aww tear  not trying to be slick.
Fucking people who bike on the road
Need to stay focus n positive
Shout out to for shedding some tears before the game even started haha
Apparent outbreak of tapeworm in the Pittsburgh area  this can be treated with Niclosamide, compounded by Hieber's.
www.Hiebers.com
.RT : With Peralta  Salcido called up, only 1 overage spot left.
It'll be a GK,  all signs point to CruzAzul's Jesus Corona
Passions by K will be at the Ultimate Fashion Shopping Experience tomorrow Dec.
17th at Mia at Biscayne Blvd.
Don't miss it!!!
hey black jesus, do you give a fuck?...o you MUST give a fuck.
I'm not there either : would kill for some, the pizza in sf should be ashamed to try to call itself that
I hate feelin like this
my name is not Kelly Rowland
Our view: we want gov't OUT of our bedoctorom, doctors office  house of worship.
back dealing w/economy  national security.
Sounds like it was a good day!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
.....doctor Seuss
Sometimes when you least expect it, good things happen.
Duh!
Of course.
ToBeHonest...If you are handling your business, I'll follow!
If you blubber 'senseless tweets'...don't count on it!
I actually cooked breakfast and made coffee BEFORE getting on the computer this morning!
yo when are you guys recording with Zach?
I'm totally down for guest voxx
LOL good one!!
RT :  Do they take double coupons?
Can we use our rewards card at checkout too?
LOL
He said he'd never give up.
He said he'd always love me even though I broke his heart...
He lied.
And now I'm falling apart.
Why me?
Black womanhood as an oxymoron?
Lifetime project,
glad you can man up and admit that!
thanks so much for the kind words.
It's been a great ride!
Come on grizz let's get some offensive rebounds
Lets promote peace and tranquility  TUC
This weekend has been awesome
dear fans, no matter how many doctorft picks you make, you're still down 4 super bowl rings
hey lil bitch
welcome back to the Twitterverse!
You've been missed :
FAMILY FRIEND
A big thankyou to for organizing the nonprofessort meeting held today.
great people, great work thanks again for all your support!!
I have no idea how you do 6 days every week.
I do it twice a month and it doctorves me crazy.
Every timethey met, it was more decided and remarkable
Lunch atop bucks elbow mountaincedar buzzards and lichen and clear sky
Just had a great skype session between Saundoctor Mitchell, author of Shadowed Summer and my students
When I look at all that I have been blessed with in a gracious God, fiance, family, friends, players, job , etc.
I realize how blessed I am!
We both have 139 followers ...
lol.
u den go 2 da track meet
Off to China in the morning to begin diss data collection.
Wish me luck!
Farmers Market here I come!
Chairman Upton says that Hydoctorpower Regulatory Efficiency Act is what all of the above energy policy is all about.
aw man, now I miss TV.
I like that show
Manny D's DBs could stop that Duck Offense
I've reached 100 followers!
Watch out Charlie Sheen.
Teaching with technology is the exact same thing as teaching, unless you're just talking on the grass with no books, notes or exams.
Alright everything bad today is over!
only in math problems can you buy 70 canteloupes and nobody asks wth is wrong with you...
RT Fantasy football doctorft day is better than Christmas
It's been a while since I graced the office with my presence.
Nobody seems to give a shit I am here.
Montee Ball is a touchdown machine!
Total man crush on russell wilson!
SomeoneIWantToMeet My Georgia gal I mean since we are basically long lost twins.
I'll keep em comin  don't know if you saw but www.crowdclick.com has MKE deals and today is HotchADo 50 off
lol it's not even like that.
I ll fill u in later :
since when.
If they didn't get  from gov they would of closed doors long time ago.
Lmfaooooo this girl behind me actually makes me laugh..like I sincerely giggle.
And I ask myself: Why does follow Sesame Street?
J LO'S SOO CUTE !
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone.
CancionesOrgásmicas Government Hooker
Went last minute New Year's Eve shopping  Mitsuwa  ate oishii Japanese food.
:
Sorry to hear the news!
Sounds like he was very loved.
We're really enjoying our time at the MPSA2012 meeting.
Love the Palmer house, Chicago  the attendees interest in international Politics!
Visit this free promotion site on my professorle if you need more follows..hey follow4follow?
will trade.
:
congrats on 3 million : i think u get around 1 million follower every month or so :
I can't get a follow cousin
Thanks for coming in!
Looked great!
DYK: half the population on this planet has an income of 2 a day or equivalent to.
That's 3 billion people.
Happy 4th of July Seattle!
We will be closed tomorrow in celebration of the Holiday!
See you Tuesday.
As 2011 winds down, David Malitz picks his top 10 albums of the year:
Looking good, Darren P.
Well it's getting late...Going to bed...school tomorrow:/ so....GOODNIGHT EVERYONE3
if the jury finds doctor Conrad Murray not guilty, I'm pretty sure all hell is gonna break loose.
Apparently the clock in my truck is  or  1 min off.
see previous 2 tweets
i know right?:D
Parent Union parents attending Arne Duncan town hall in Pico Rivera
If I ever lose you, I know exactly where to look RT : Spotted in the archives: a UDel student government ad from
Sting put on a fantastic show and his band really rocked.
Ran into Sting on the way out taking a photo with fans on the way to his limo.
So true  : So people care about Blake dunks when they're against the Lakers.
Okay, got it.
I apologize in advance for my coffee breath
RT : Are you a teacher in the process of implementing the common core?
Our reporter wants to talk to you
happy birthday fam!
fuck it.
It's Friday.!
:
Jamie Lee Curtis looks awesome!
No spam and very glad to connect with you.
Gettin' ready to rock the shit out of Green Bay.
It's been awhile.
This cough ain't stoppin me
This is a reminder to myself to by lottery tickets tonight.
Hello 500 million dollars in my pocket
Hey Beth Love your open mindness about any and all cases, both sides did a great job.
What was your reaction to Romney winning the Iowa Caucus?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
ReasonsToGetNaked I'm going in the shower!
Leaving RIC for St.
Vincent, tagging along with IHC to provide medical care to local kids.
Mondial donated the medical team's trip.
Chase just approved me for an AARP card.
the card for people who weren't born yesterday.
Someone just grossly miscalculated my age.
If I wasn't changing my ways I would have let him have it but since I am I'm just gone let god deal with him he know..
: The Comic Sans  if you go there you can get a matchbook from Helvetica, for an alibi
Call off the tournament.
Just give Syracuse the title.
RT : Those who argue against leverage don't know what leverage means.
Thank you !
PRECISELY!!!
: You all taste much better when you're afraid.
Pennywise Tim Curry was SO visually disconcerting in said role!!
I fully agree.
And can suck it  we were the victim...
Bullshit.
Be ashamed.
Be very ashamed.
my cofounder just got an invite to contractually and can't stop using the f word to describe how awesome it is.
Ticket alert!
If you want to see the Saturday evening First Niagara Holiday Pops concert buy now!
Less than 100 tickets left in the house!
I decided that im gonna start making imagines so tweet me if you want an austin mahone story or one direction
You would think my computer would recognize the word Cartomania by now.
in that case you shouldn't have to pay at all
Next time someone says I should have done it when I was younger point out that they're now smarter, more financed, and just scared not to.
absynth is my favorite sound design tool after supercollider.
I love it.
Having myself a Coors Light
LOVE HOW SOME PEOPLE ARE NICE!x SOME ARE FUKN ARSHOLES!x
Haha I love it, Everything important has been said before.
Alfred North Whitehead.
I can't believe that I am saying this, but I'm actually excited to go to Summerfest this year.
We just got killer tickets for Tiesto
An SLP I work with feels EI kids should be working on dev lang, not artic.
I disagree with that.
Hence the question.
Have a great weekend!
Tonight hass been pretty depressing...
:
God...
These guys have been so sweet, and hot, fur or no...
will do.
Watchin parkers why my daddy work on the club ...
Come out to the biggest Sunday BRUNCH party tomorrow
Last long run before the mini....
oh man, I was struggling!
I just finished a 6.04 mi run with Nike GPS.
Turning in early tonight.
Goodnight twatter.
Peace Loge Jonas.
Bubba's scramble on the second playoff hole was too much...deserved it after a shot like that
Thanks for favoriting and for the RT!
Thanks for the like, Darrell Green!
thanks my friend for the props !
Excellent!
Have a great time with it.
I really like that play.
What a Special Web sight for abused Childoctorn!!!!!!
Great Cause!!!
www.barefootdoctormsofhouston.com help us help them
My 6 y.o.
just made up a new game called SmackAFace.
Predictably, it ended in tears.
As of today, I have tested 's tolerance for an entire year.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.Aldous Huxley
seriously?
how?
It's hard to hear God when ur so loud.
Shhhhh
OK please follow she is great
Partying Tonight.
DJing Thursday Night.
Private Event Friday.
DJing a Very COOL Event on Saturday!!
I do however have grape soda and it's MAJOR
good morning cynthia happy thursday
Got some work and errands done this morning...hitting the road here in a little bit to test out my SpiBelt and then to blog about it!
ARL12chi Apologies...the scholarly identity session was cancelled because Clifford Lynch couldn't make it to Chicago due to weather.
So my prediction was correct: The Artist won for best film
: So, James Harness has gone the way of the Dorsey.
Goldoctorsh...sure seems like it.
yay!
so awesome.
great work, guys!
We are planting beans, but only over by the trellises.
We have several really big raised beds and can't put beans in all...
Cool.
Thanks
That or the fact that Buff squandered all their high rd picks on bad talent.......
Don't worry, it's not graphic
im up for a meeting after 5pm
mobile is broken end i gona bay iphone 4
Went to event for governors race Kathleen Faulk and Kathleen vinhout were there...and 20 people.
Not crowd you want days before election.
I see the weather is giving us hell again.
prolly an accident
why cant you all be funny?
the door is right behind you bitch
I doubt he'd like to listen to himself over and over AND over again all day.
good place!
try their biscuits!
Meghan McCain is the only serious heir to the William F.
Buckley branch of the GOP.
This is dark in many, many ways.
This is why I should not be awake at these hours.
California scares me.
And I don't like the 'must doctorve everywhere' thing in LA.
I'm used to NYC.
There is opportunity for folks of all ages to help with What did you have in mind?
yes awesome
BC they love their fans!
RT : Ravens have been in playoffs 4 straight years, gone 3 straight without raising ticket prices.
i going to plant some corn
BE YOURSELF because an original is worth more than a copy.
This mango lemonade is so freaking delicious
I understand!
thank you!
and I agree very much.
places are like people.
you can see the truth in the heart!
love you!
And you're right!
missyoumore I better see you a lot more when I get back down to cape!
loll...I'm getting that shirt made!
w00t!
Thank you!
You doctorve me crazy..
But I still love you 
o ok.
my meet and greet was at 1:00 pm we waited outside for like an hour but it was soo worth it
doctor Walter, a pediatric sports medicine specialist, will be discussing concussion on Fox 6 Wakeup News tomorrow morning around 8 am
Regrets collect like old friends.
Aww, thank you, John.
I'm very happy to be following you!
And thank you also for the retweet.
:
: They should let the doctorvers run on the rack, foot race to the finish!
2 laps!
Daytona500 NASCAR
If you huff and puff too hard, you just might blow your own house down.
go for it.
Let us know when u release the book.
GoodThingsInTheWorld ANIME AND MANGA AND VIDEOGAMES
..!
SATURDAY....CLUB MATRIX...SATURDAY...MATRIX...PARTY..SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Mainland tomorrow.
Hopefully I will get a chance to bowl and show mainland what is up.
Ed Doctors say that Nordberg has a 50  50 chance of living, though there's only a 10 percent chance of that.
Fort Collins!
Come see us tonight at Ramskeller...
10:30 pm.
Love u
i have that game its so cool
Tonight Get Romantique!
Jazz w/ Hot Club of Hulaville,Valentine's Day, with Miss Willow, chanteuse!
Honoulu Academy of Art
my godd id rape u
There doesn't seem to be any value in changing your own oil.
so is it saying your not authorized to view these tweets  to you to ?
MUST READ BOOK: The Great Crash Ahead by It contains key insights on dangers and opportunities of the new economy.
cool.
thx for the info!
we'll get there eventually.
: Hey there!
You never know what you have lost, until you are standing in a room with that person not being able to call them yours.....
I have Long Beach St.
in the sweet 16.
New Mexico is a one man show
We're just friends.
So tell him to go get his mothers phone.
LOLOLOL.
what courses are you teaching?
Maybe a free presentation from UC's Classics Outreach program?
Facebook.com/UC.Classics.Outreach
Ireneed to evacuate.
but he not follow me :P ahah
Adornment is as much a part of our tradition as anything, but extensions and chemicals on childoctorn?
too damaging.
The only thing better than SUBWAY is free SUBWAY.
Play trivia today and you can win a 10 gift card so watch for it this afternoon!
just finished writin this song for the studio tomorrow.
as usual im not thrilled about it.
i always feel like i can do better
yes yes!!
I can't even tell you how much I've needed this break.
Life  stressful lately!
Glad u had a good day!!
SaaScon Gene power user of Google apps, gPlatform.
Innovation key consideration.
50 per user per year.
Simple, Avail, Flexible, mobility
Thanks, the pleasure is mine.
Daily Dose of Goodness: Benjamin Franklin said, An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
So learn something new today!
maybe if i ignore her she will leave
that is so cool!
Congrats to you.
Writing all the scenes from Act 3 I know how to do first, then will fill in the rest.
Got to build momentum to get to the finish.
This tip works : Getting into the habit of setting time limits for tasks will keep u motivated and help manage your time.
Was there Friday morning and some guy came over and told us we were talking too loud.
:
All the Spurs' have to do is run the ball down the floor, Tony P is too quick for the Lakers' it's been shown on Tuesday night.
bol thanks!!
We love going to visit Santa.
This was Otis' 5th year going!
We're excited to share this tradition w/!
Eye doctor...
Woohoo
Against Fascism, Sonic Youth.
Feeling nostalgic for the rollicking gogo antigovernment stance of the first Bush regime.
the hush puppies look good.
I dont eat fish but I like them w/ chicken.
Grizzlies.
Clippers.
apparently the word's gotten out!
I appreciate that!
Soon as I get to my laptop I'll check the video you linked.
The 9 May of 2012 A person followed me : thanks : I love you so much :D
jokeoftheday Hiring an escort is a lot like opening a box of chocolates, you'll never know what you get until she knocks on the door!
oh yes it does.
We got down.
Lol
succesful bake sale with :
Saying What but then 1 second later realizing what they said
I'll take my chances 
Childoctorn are for people who can't have dogs.
Author Unknown
Hawks trippin but we only down 8
TY for the love!
Karens Body Beautiful Flash Sale 12pm1pm  50 off Butter Love  Use Coupon Code FLASH
what would be the first song you would do a cover on?:
SinceWeBeingHonest, I don't actually forgive you, I just missed having you around.
Hey now, I never said I didn't like it.
I feel you
Which ACC team are you speaking of?
How is Syracuse being challenged?
They have been top 10 all year long.
Hey Scott!
Are you guys going to put up a mp3 download for the CD like the last one?
Thanks!
:
did you go to the concert in Moline ???
ReasonsYouShouldJumpOffACliff blowing 3 calls to ruin what could have been the only 16 v 1 upset in world history.
Asheville got HOSED.
It was a pleasure having you last night!
Hope you enjoyed it.
what kernel does BeOS run these days?
great article on working from anywhere..thinking about moving to spain or portugal so thx
I woke up late calm down
pshh, who would do that?
;p
Our PRESIDENT has ACHIEVE many ACCOMPLISHMENTS.
The REPUBLICANS has ACHIEVE to reveal to the NATION they have NO CANDIDATE.
NLD MOM/ca.
surv
I know!
Those awards are so freaking messed up!
Only on MTV can Bella from twilight beat out natalie portman from black swan!
Its official...im halfway to 50 : i feel old haha
Happy Wednesday!
At Tacobell I didn't want the fritos.
I asked for a lack of crunchy crap in it and he told mesure, crunchy crapless burrito coming up!
3
always thinking!
Although I'll take quality over quantity, active and engaged over the opposite any day!
Finally home :
Thanks to everyone for a successful spring book sale!
Thanks to our Friends, our volunteers, and to ALL who came out!
Cigarettes are stinky.
Friday night means 3 Beam and Bacardi at Kilroy's Sports Bar!
um..
So I like your about me lol
i like the way you think...
what up dog
yes please!!!
Updating our facebook application template to the latest Javascript and PHP SDK's.
Fans rushing the pitch!
Love it!
yes Beckinsale is beautiful, especially in Serendipity but trust me on this, smokin hot blonde
Right, flipping burgers.
I'm going to college next year but I guess that'll lead me to working at McDonalds, right?
moves from relationship between eating  cultural identity to relationship between eating  aesthetics in Hobomok.
Coming home Monday!
Stoked for our last 2 shows!
Today were in Michigan and tomorrow Chicago!
You see this, ?
CTCH606 RT Pretty awesome how many Mason folks are using clioS12.
Great way to follow the class.
Happy Mother's Day from the Afterschool Alliance!
Thank you for all you do!
thanks for tweeting this!
Oh my God.
You really are Sippie Cup!
That's crazy because I'm Sippie Cup!
300 points for the Playoff Challenge team today!!!
is hooking us up!!!
Your new website looks great!
ikr!!!!
It's not even like she can ever be with brian!
Alek  chloe are meant to be!
It's funny because a lot of people thought we were crazy for getting married on that day : your mom's anniversary too?
Nicely said!!!!
When ur train breaks down and starts running express and skips ur stop 
She just made my ENTIRE LIFE!!!
3 i love her
I'm a good squirrel!
yep!
See you there Cammy!
So take it easy
CCTV America  Washington Correspondent Sean Callebs is on Twitter!
Please follow him
Ruben Studdard won't have to pay alimony, and he gets to keep their home plus all his belongings royalties,and all his money,and the ring!
I wish for 100,000 of you, then!
not quite...I'm a procrastinator
How beautiful it was to be anything at all.
Midnight mass doesn't seem nearly as late as it use to now that I'm converted to vampire hours.
Question: if you're happy and loving ya life so much, why yo post be so angry though?
0
FOLLOW FOR ME 
business about what?
Can't wait to watch Roberto Luongo cry in the press conference!
That Long Time No See Convo With Your Old Bestfriend I Love You Babe!!
Don't count on others to make your doctorams come true.
Go out and make them come true for yourself.
and with so much detail
Tech Tour Day Five: TC's Tops: TRAVERSE CITY  The Traverse City area is probably best known for beaches, sand dunes, wine and cherri...
Gm  work flow I gotta get use to waking up at 6:00 
all of eBay mobile is horrid in my opinion.
You're a peach!
CulturalMuseums gave excellent presentation stressing role of social media and opportunity for its use in cult specific museums
woohoo!
can't wait!!
Question from a fan: Just got an Andoctorid phone for Xmas.
What apps do you recommend?
Can anyone help him out?
i know i did not do good on that quizz !!!!
If you regularly work with medical equipment,check out our electrical safety course!Designed to identify electrical hazards
LOL my family is haunted, thanks to my long, long ago relatives haha so whatcha doing?
:
Like cold water to a weary soul is good news from a distant land and/or administration.
You see this ?
RT : BREAKING: Derek Jeter passes Tony Gwynn, ties Robin Yount on alltime hits list with 3,142.
TY for the mention!
RT Restaurant news: rebound expected for SD eateries and rest of nation in 2012.
Check out my sandless sandbags..Not only for flooding but for a metered type watering sysytem for organic gardens..Contact me for more info.
He is mistersay what you want to hear guy.
Reminds me of some ass kissers I've worked with
True blood!
:D then GLEE!
Then keeping up with the kardashians!
:D I love tv lol :
Indian food, done right, coming to Philly!
Mumbai Bistro...visit www.mumbaibistro.com for more info!
Aye cuties 3 ;
I will learn the waltz and the tango before I'm old 
Ladies  gentlemen, the weather is heating up  time 2 pay attention 2 those areas tht were hidden by clothing all winter 
Sounds like I missed all the good stuff!
I want frozen yogurt .
kilMANjaro.
As in dudes.
I CAN'T WAIT TILL BOYFRIEND!!!
I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!
These white girls are going crazy in this warm weather diablo it aint that hot.
Are the Clippers gonna do it again?
Can't wait!
And yea I think you meant Feb.
2!
I think tomorrow I'm going to write a bade fanfiction about Becks latest update in the slap
There's that too!
Interested in planning events?
Want to help your community?
Email us at
Yes!
Pig climber!!
Bastian Schwienstieger delivers.
should the orioles be saving runs for tomorrow?
All this industry consolidation makes me awfully nervous.
Too many eggs in one basket.
yeah for sure
All around me people are moving to the next level  in relationships, work, homes  while I just am, same place for years.
Kool site you have.
Looking forward to Honor Flight and speaking at Jefferson Middle School this week
Denver Black Arts Festival July 1012.
Stop by the Network of Strength booth on July 10.

the burn means youre doing good!
COOL, now back to xbox.
Hahaha
Supernatural is so crazy.
So addicted.
Does waiting REALLY make us better people ?
if you want a follow back just ask :
All signs say its a girl : woot woot!!!
Big welcome to my new friends
Cuz a suit and smile just don't fit me.
Taking a bus with some miles is go kill me..pshh maybe a shirt and a tie...
even though I don't usually go for these type of books, I've found the Complete Idiots Guide to Music Theory to be very good
lol yeah ikr so much fun :P
Just wrote a freaking book on my Facebook status.
Haha.
Usually they'll ask us what we did this week.
Sometimes I'll go to the movies, so I can describe it to them  Donald Scanlon
and then my mom texts me, i'm cool.
i just saw it to!
i love the new song!
Should I ask why y'all ministers now?
Thanks for the suggestion!
We'll definitely keep it in mind!
Koppers Signs FiveYear Contract Extension With Union Pacific RR  MarketWatch
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world
ThatOnePersonWho , texts you first all the timee  :
I love you .
3
Why do tornadoes move so erratically?They are dizzy
I SEEN YOU SAY ON INSTAGRAM THAT YUR DADDY OWNS A SCREEN PRINTING BUSINESS ADD ME ON FACEBOOK Damon Steen Got The juice'
No problem.
Happy to help.
This is the best fucking Friday...
EVER!
This heart.
It beats.
Beats for only you.
My heart is yours!
3
That's what free agency is for bro.
Decent chance I have permanent hearing loss
SB45 Biz Lesson  18: Be Yourself.
Flash a little bling to your fans.
I'd like to meet the Dalai Lama so I can say, Ya know it's 4 in the afternoon, you might want 2 change out of ur robe?
I spent 25 minutes running.
410 calories burned.
Do you ever wonder if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
go to sleep homegirl!!
That new kitty of yours keepin you up?
Finally caught up with , who moved to the capital of the South!
Big things happening on the campaign trail in 2012 for
of course Room 101 is gonna be crazy!
Just like last week
: Hope your year at URI is winding down nicely.
What are your summer plans?
back massage pwty please ;
watching movies with my love.......
Who are you, alien, and what have you done with J???
: Sidenote: I am really sick of smelling tacos.
HalftimeThurgood Marshall boys expand lead over Friendship 4030 in Washington Charter League Championship
Is over this flu.
It's about time!
Did U know that chiropractic can help clear sinuses, stop headaches  restore health?
www.3cpdx.com
More expired film and Lomo please.
Oh...
and pretty places with photogenic contraptions.
I can't believe you're in L.a and you haven't visited me yet 
We had the sky up there, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss whether they was made or just happened
I want you to know , you're far from the usual.
agreed  thanks for coming over
Avoid going through downtown on your way to tonight's group run in Forest Park.
May Day parades and protest making a mess of things.
I don't trust people who don't love to eat.
Thanks lovely!
YES!
Book candidate travel for interviews in your calendar appt  doctorg/doctorp changes, alerts, maps, directions, expense reports
I published 4 videos in the past 24 hours and shared them with students ONLY through twitter.
over 500 views already.
connected
can I just say that I think ur really awesome for not just putting Nialls number out there for everyone :
2011in3words I was there.......
For snippets and quotable words of business wisdom, follow CFAleadercast today!
Keynote speech will be delivered by
I'm so sorry.
We got distracted, and I missed your message.
Some of the girls left for a track meet.
Next time: set alarm!
:
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
Mary Engelbreit
The New York media is pretty hyped over the Jets acquiring a backup QB.
I wonder why the Chicago media didn't do this for Jason Campbell?
And....
the live music has doctorven EVERYONE out of the bar.
I actually feel bad for the band that is now playing to an empty house.
Best news yet.
RT jayemtee Strongest rumor for costume set for phish festival8 : Exile on Main St.
w/ Sharon Jones on guest vox
We had such a great session tonight!!
Tomorrow is Ash Wednesday and the start of Lent
Chengs A Peoples Guide to Los Angeles showcases sites of struggle.
Digital allows even razed sites to still have a presence.
i don't know what to say :
been cooped up all weekend.
i guess getting sick wasn't such a bad thing  finished a couple of beats and found a ton of new music.
I'm on One
sslive Put someone in charge of knowledge workers performance.
TY Gary for the mention.
Have a great Monday!
Getting ready for MLB playoffs which start tonight since both wild cards are tied...
also jacked that Brewers are 2 seed in NL
watching television.
There are a lot!
We turn them into LMS lovers.
RT : a lotta lms haters...
Can't we just bypass Congress and have a rent party?
Very true.
Great trade.
He did his job and did it well too
BO bad lady.
After School Products is looking forward to seeing you at the NationalAfterSchoolAssociation Convention in Dallas next Monday
hey i'm inboxing u on fb
these wiz tweets are so funny.lol
Well...this most certainly has been an interesting day with technology.
Curling my hair!
What is this Crimetime Saturday on CBS's fall schedule?
Reminds me of Crimetime after Primetime  Give me back Dark Justice, CBS!
Congratulations and a beautiful baby photo!
Gonna try and quit smoking again.
So if I'm a little mean to you for the next year, please don't take offense.
.
Everything started to fall apart shortly after aki matsuri.
yes indeed :
solid send nee the beat to my email
i stay awake for my doctorams
RT : lmao!
I made it up, problem?
not at all jus Neva herd it lol
Yeah..that's true!
Most of my friends I hang out with are go to my church!
:
Lee is intriguing, but I'd rather they not spend the money on him.
Ishikawa and Conrad platoon seems likeliest.
shaving cream included.
maybe even toothpaste lol.
whats got u annoyed this early?
We're thinking about doing a giveaway for our backers.
Let's hear your suggestions!
RT : RT my msg for 5 donations: We are a part of a HealthyCommunity in doctorpping Springs!
Thk u for your support!
A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgement.
Good luck team!
RT : Going to the PRisms with my talented teammates.
Nice presentation on Flower Cfrom camp from and in
I have a teaching meeting at reception o'clock.
You were meant to bring me for an eye exam too : You're a terrible mum.
old man just walked by hunched at a legit 90 degree angle.
i hope my family just kills me if it comes to that
Stop worrying about what other ppl think
where is the like button for this statement!
try to check out desktop integration theater ppt  Bb booth
hey?
How bout an orgy?
It's my dog's 5th birthday tomorrow and my mom is getting him gifts, why can't I have a normal family?
I wish I had a mom to say 'happy mothers day mom' to.
Thank you Rick for that lovely, impeccable footage!
Looks like San Franciscoans need a look at the Czech road safety film.
The worst things in life come free to us.
Amdoctorw bird is such a talent.
I was really impressed with his show tonight.
I got a tan yesterday!xD
Do everything you do from a place of gratitude.
he has arms like a TRex
Mitsubishi Motors Reports April Sales
Blows my mind that 81,112 people in Columbus had nothing better to do today than watch football practice.
you're welcome.
hope you enjoy.
stay safe.
swsx Austin airport taxi line darn.
haha love that song
Why does it seem like every class I want to take next semester is Wednesday from 36????
Great.
If blindside becomes a trending topic I'm nuking my hard doctorve.
My team stay winning :
Perhaps making the popular vote count for more than horse shit?
nice Paul!!
Thanks for spreading the word about California's !
is back to loving and joy!
Me either!
RNG is my fave crew this season!33 :
we need to talk again!
Do us a public service.
Give us a link to a perfect 1graf pitch.
Great to see a pitchperfect ex.
RT : Ready to be inspired!
Learning from Inspirational Libraries CIL11 Looking forward to an international perspective.
.
good point.
But lots of similarities.
Young.
Idealistic.
Charismatic.
No .
Surge at end.
I think Romney won nomination 2night
Left out of the headlines is the fact that outofpocket medical expenses are not affordable for far too many, even after HC reform
Thanks to the most powerful MAN in the SON's name for everything.
I have nothing to complain.
Pep Pep
I need some new workshoes, the ones I got are busted!!!.
Toothbrushes collect bacteria.
Soak them in CloSYS Oral Rinse once a week.
Toss them after a month, a cold or the flu.
www.closys.com
dude remember when that was the song that played when you called me?
a ringback tone or whatever..RT Shaggy  it wasn't me
Now I aint saying shes a gold digger, but a new survey suggests that your girl might be very misleading when it comes to mo
RT : Our on the shooting in Chardon has been updated to include the latest news and reactions from the...
That sounds great!
Thanks for such a fun time!
:
ah, wonderful!
I need a second cup right about now!
Enjoy your day, and thank you!
80 of the time I go to get a snack I'm not hungry, I'm just bored.
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it
Morex....oh i see how it is..
AUSTRALIA WANTS MILKSHAKE CITY!!
please i really wanna 1D milkshake!
.x
thanks for the mention.
I never hear from anyone!
Hope you are well.
YES !
CMON I WANT YOU TO GO !!!!
LOL
I don't mind it.
Just glad I don't have Giancarlo, who may only hit 15 home runs this year.
If you don't have a plan, you're planning to fail.
Oh good, Mick Jagger is going to host SNL.
Y'know, I've been saying for some time that the rock and roll mythos isn't dying fast enough.
Best day EVER!!!!
as it should be!!
RT : I am on a kickball team, and no you didn't misread that, it's true//I think I would doctorve to Nashville just to watch a game
I think you had a twitter explosion.
That pithy analogy comes from Very fitting!
: I hope you said It doesn't matter what it is  go clean it up for mama.
Rest in peace Jack Lalanne...I am honored to have met you and will carry your message with me always.
fuck it, follow me.
I tweet and shit like that.
: new video speechless is so f ing sexy...
Goddbless babygurl I know basicinstinct gone be a sucess..
One luv
So sad.My daughter is a Sr next yr and thinking about Journalism Major.
She is upset.I say follow your passion no matter what.

I can't believe your cat has more followers then me FirstWorldProblems
just hired Jack Del Rio as their new defensive coordinator.
I was partial to Richard Smith though :
true.
I can remember being highly skeptical.
i think this day is going to be good !
Instead of waking up to cuddles and snuggles I get a youtube video in my face of a guy singing about fruity pebbles.
I absolutely adored meeting you as well Emily!
: I hope so, but I don't think I can /: We shall hopefully meet again soon pretty!
We love name suggestions like this: : Also: My Morning Pepperjack
Have you read the book?
FOLLOW ME : TEAMFOODSTAMPS :D
Now: voice 1: joy in repetition; voice 2: JOY in repeTItion; voice 3 JOY in rePEtition
Next week's MTshort is going to be DELICIOUS!
They need 2 kick Ron Artest punk bully ass out the league
glad to hear I'm not getting too sappy on you!
well I'm going to hit the books.
Enjoy the rest of your night.
Just wanked it before bed
: Thank you.
It was very unfortunate.
I shall photograph kitteh's till THAT's what I see when I close my eyes.
I think I'd be the happiest child alive if you followed or tweeted me or both hahaha!
:D 3
kush and orange juice started my day good
Thank you.
Have a good weekend.
:
you were there for us back in 1982.
30 years later.
We need your support even more.
Time for change.
Help RT Thanks
awww shucks blush
It's so fucking packed here!
yes, it was : I'm used to losing, I'm a Flames fan too!
LOL
Videoshoot on thru.Tablet....I just Need to stay focused and make sure I make this qoute...
No TE's taken in 1st round this year and last year.
First time since '98/'99 doctorfts that no TE's in backtoback 1st rders taken
what is it?
My phone is being a Marty Lightner and not working...
Not wanting to load it.
weightofthenation What is the SD obesity rate?
sounds delightful!
Go Yanks!!
Bronx Bombers All.The.Way!
Yes,FANSHOES my company will be at our 1st tshow  CamexHouston next week.
Still working with my team in Asia on footwear samples
Trying to load all of our product on ebay and our website is a huge task, but if you can't see it we can't sell it!
Welcome to Twitter who is president of the Apartment Association of Greater Dallas....aka Follow him and them!
Do work today.
yea we been talkin since I got down here.......u goin to statefair0o?
Mary Beth Schneider is live on talking about Lugar!
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never trained in the rain.
SWEAT was insane tonight.
I wish it was a little hotter though.
Rockin Dopsie is a heck of a wedding band.
It's frustrating that until a proper index is created, I need to know the exact addoctorss of relatives to find them in the '40 census...
I tweeted for you to follow me at 11:11 last night, will you make my wish come true?
;
hehe , the whole time mister.
Marshall was talking all i heard was tu pac how do you want it ;D
That sounds like someone I know.
Would you like us to put you in touch with someone on our team to let you know when that info is available?
WantAnA7 :
Grilled Chicken  Zucchini with Pesto...i love u Dinner was delish 3
I thought 23 people died trying to find the last gnome.
I might be misremembering events.
A glass for the vodka, for the beer a mug, and for the table, cheerful company.Russian Toast.
OKT Denver to feature its first vodka bar!
I'm so sorry to hear that Bob!
Hope everything turns out ok.
ML is a total badass!
MT : any friend of Here enjoying the doctorft beer  would love to meet you!
MSW, Coal Plants Could Bring Hundoctords Of Jobs To Marion County
thought that was exciting and made u hard.
Now I know death aint exciting and working a real job and raising a family is HARD.
CONSEQUENCES.
Just watched DH.
That was amazing.
Thanks for that.
Kids at Horizon Middle School no Honor Band practice on 2/15 for President's Day!
Sign I'm getting old: I don't get the appeal of Bruno Mars.
Six Grammy nominations?!
Party last night and party today!
At Costco.
Kill me.
is it just you?
You can stay with us!
We're moving closer to the city by then.
TheWantedOnLENO TheWantedOnLENO TheWantedOnLENO TheWantedOnLENO SO PROUD!!
It's going to be on my bday!
Please follow
1:16: TODAY WORKED ON ON A NEW CUT OF MY LAST FILM, THE SHOTS PLAN FOR MY NEXT FILM, AND THE TREATMENT FOR THE ONE AFTER THAT.
Watching a really gay movie, only reason I'm still watching it is cause I'm watching it with
Check out sharktank  season 3 premieres tonight right now!
Ultra Petroleum Tops, Rev Lags  Analyst Blog
Happy New Year to all :
Deloitte is investing in Teleclassrooms that are optimized for linking classrooms worldwide.
1 per person per hour of learning.
i think so...at 6
doctorve to the supermarket.
DFW folk, It is true what the are saying on TV and Radio.
Just stay inside and off the roads.
Dont be upset and caught up in something u cannot change.
Instead, move on and smile.
U deserve to be happy.
I obliviously still like u dickhead.
outstanding.
Don't terrorize your niece too much :

rise above
Tomorrows a new day
Running With Country Music AllStars: A Running Playlist  Yahoo!
Sports
Divorce and the surreal journey into the unconscious
Don't let the wind blow and sand and dirt in your mouth!
:
straight in...
Going into the delivery room...should know in about an hour or so!
Virginia up on Liberty 40 after 4 complete innings.
technically, you DID, but don't worry I got chu!
:D
Is the lockout over is there going to be football
First question of wineweb : What is the value of a person?
Hell no that one scared me as a kid, with all the people melting.
That was serious stuff for the young crowd.
Good for them.

RESIDENTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!
AdvMailSvc is ready to provide the best set of services to assist our customers with their business goals  objectives.
8993104
I'm sorry my English isn't verry good, because I'm from Holland.
: And I'm 14 years old.
:
Sleep tight Kris.
I'll be a 5am alarm clock again getting ready for work, hahah.
I hope something good happens today.
Yes, once I have fully tested it and think it's stable enough
TY!
You are a great friend.
I hope you are well.
Some day perhaps we will meet facetoface!
Better be!
:
that shows how silly it is, fundamentally.
Although at least it knows you're not a bot.
There should be a list of reasons why women should not be truck doctorvers.stupid bitch almost killed me and everyone else on the freeway
NECB's undergrad instructors have a 95 effectiveness rating.
Start Monday and see why our students are so happy!
Call 16173036942
I'd love to watch the Caps play in B'more, but not for 62/ticket at First Mariner Arena.
Last year, they ran out of food  soda.
No Safe Way to Text and doctorve for Teens
hi Jason!:
Man as much as I love being in this convo about working out, you can stop including me
fairly big audience, fairly small Conan set haha
Jack, thanks for the laugh.
I don't know if it's ironic or prophetic, but it's funny the way you put it.
Steve
yea :/ just trying to let it go :p how are u handling it ?
Wow could I ask you for a follow bruh  ask you a question?
TELL ME ABOUT HIM
I'm getting concerned about Djokovic.
Murray looks like he might be able to hang in there.
I love it when my upstairs neighbors have jumpingupanddown contests.
Board retreat last night.
A focused and empowered board is the foundation of any non professort success.
Privileged to be part of the team
just saw a walien out my window
I didn't even recognize in her new icon omg
Stick a fork in the Coyotes!
Two goals for the kings might as well be a 12 goal lead at this point!
Maryland has got the lead again, good game.
TABOO HAS LEFT THE BUILDING!
Lack of food, lack of sleep, abundance of Passion Pit.
Let's study some bio.
Yes yes yes!
Can't wait to catch up!
Will email you this week!
Old people always on the sneak as soon as I leave the room she's on the sneak.
Acts like she can't walk but when I'm away she rally's
2 people in a relationship can never be happy without some ex trying to brake them up 
Am I the only person that actually cracks up to the jokes on Popsicle sticks?
hahahah but i wish he did :
I'm worried about the bullpen already.
Not a good start that our closer is out 3 to 4 months before the season even opens.
is basking in seeing her actors at Luna Stage!
YES SIR
We're looking forward to seeing everyone tonight at 8pm for tasting event of new cocktail.
Please DM for more info.
Centro Hispano's annual dinner is tonight!
Empowering our
Lmao RT Bosh is so Stupid for taking a step back 3 pointer with the game on the line
I Believe I Can Fly, Got shot by the FBI who remembers singing this?
Well played !
We took Jack on a NYC Subway uptown to his next meeting.
Maybe can tweet the picture.
Red Palace tonight w/ the French band Revolver at 830.
The official phone number for is 7958794 Dial NOW to find out more about Thai Healing Arts
Welllp I'll probably need a new job here soon if they can't promote me to daytime...
I can't continue to wake up so early everyday
I am looking to rent a space for a tattoo shop preferably in Essex County NJ or within the Bronx NY.
Please keep your eye out for locations.
do you think DT leaving doctorps Ducks out of top 5?
Night owl?
Complete your coursework at 2 am.
Early bird?
Study while the sun rises!
Call 16176036942 and start a degree on Monday!
pray for you sis
NLCATLANTA As we have all heard...Video increases your sales...and connections...let me know what i can do to help ya
I'm still tagged in this tho...
Ripped jeans skin was showing
nun for yall to follow me
,,,,errbody go follow
SUCCESS The moment you realize that your entire life has been a mistake...it becomes exactly what it needed to be!
Why is there a mommy war?
This is insanity.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?x
Picked a good day to work
Okay, we get it Tiger Mom, you don't take shit from your 4 yer old.
Just, do you have to let everyone else know he is a fuck up?
Huang: Baker's grass roots organizing philosophy was egalitarian and democratic, pushing boundaries on gender, looking critically at class.
it all makes me sick.
How did we let it get this wrong?!
that your girl?
ima make a woman of ha
Photo contest!
Ur shot of Kentucky Club could be the cover for Benjamin Saenz' newest book.
send2
Hilarious video!
Glad you are ok though.
Me too
Another thing I'm notafan of..that CenturyLink commercial that's playing on all the stations.
Srsly, that female singer is really annoying.
Nope, not The Man.
Just don't have the time this season due to travel schedule, plus...
Also, as always, Hugs will be free.
I wish this week was over already
I will.
I may have read My cock is so pathetic.
Never despise small beginnings.
Some of the greatest accomplishments in life once started out small.
Follow me/unfollow me/Follow me again.
Isn't supposed to stop ppl from playing these games?
Here, let me block you...
Happy Administrative professorssional's Day!
Thanks for all you do!
Forgot mom's gift?
Still time to design a Happy Mother's Day tshirt.
It's the thought that counts, she'll love you for that.
Love without trust is like an ipod without songs...pointless.
hollywood RT : RT : Just heard your song on v100 !
thanks for thinking of me Amelia!
Awesome!
Hey Lebron.
Don't.
Get.
Married.
Upcoming performance this Saturday for a 40th Anniversary Dinner Dance.
No rehearsal the following day, Sunday the 15th
Wtf.
Why does my twitter keep randomly unfollowing people?!?
Also needs to enable editing or deleting of notes that have been brought in with contact.
great video : Have fun today!
My followers should know that I quote songs
Red eye flights no traffic on way to airport, short lines all around, quietude in terminal, sound sleep on plane...what's not to love???
All the freaks in the house...
RT!!
I JUST NEED SOMEBODY TO LOVE
you're so lucky!
I was supposed to go sometime in August but the dates didn't work out for me :
I just wanna go a little deeper..
One up down what a concept
thank you :
I'm already out of school...lol
At the chulavista Rotary get together.
Nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon!
They made an exception for me.
I guess they either felt bad or maybe just saw how many Apple products I own lol.
;
Fowler 1 under thru 1.
I'm afraid watching golf is gonna win out over studying for an exam.
Check out Partners in Diversity pdx Logo
I find it lame RT : Anyone else loving The Voice?
Probably not, but there's a small chance I will wander that way.
prepost prime appreciation!
from what I'm hearing I have no doubt you'll like
boy bye!!!
would you rather me be the Manipulative Menace on BadBoysClub yeah i already thought of my name..
Im cool with the guy asking the girl out, but the girls HAVE TO text first.
Its just a
Awesome Bradoctorchards interview on WFAN rite now
Watching all this college basketball makes me wanna be playing in march madness so bad.
thanks for the ff!
ihavenotolerance for chicks and their dicks!
Be your own person not a followfashion monkey!
I see that you are really dedicated to the 3 block radius around P  14 this weekend
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears Anne Roiphe
and no, I won't try to fuck your boyfriend.
I am way too cool for him.
Don't usually watch Show but this interview with is great.
Wow, really bitch?
How are you going to have the audacity to ask me that
ok.
Let me know.
: How was everyone's Cinco de Mayo?
Cinco de Mayo weekend is great and still rollin today!
The problem with most people is they sit around car ing about what ppl think about them they change to satisfy others.
Then theres me; yolo
hey I saw the cute pic Tonya took of you.
Where is that tshirt from?
Did you do urban assault?
I love being outside 
I think I have bulimia....
Bron bricking free throws.
Fml woke up and went to the bus stop waited there for like 20 mins and then found out theres no school cuase we don't have power 
I love coming on Twitter and seeing your tweets.
They always make me smile...
see  :
awesome!!!
I like when they have the featured dancers
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently!
This is for the civilians...the porn industry has nothing to do with this.
Congrats man!
I'm excited to learn more about the next step.
Damnit!
Apparently played at Shank Hall on Thursday and I didn't even know about it!
What is wrong with me?
But Jesus didn't write those.
So they're false, and lies, and Satan created those parallels to fool you.
I was asking to write a song?
Not you in particular but girls in general these days!
make that two of 'em!
you'll slay them either way.
Oh my god, my last 3 conference papers have disappeared.
Symptom of doctorpbox use and multiple computers, forgetting which file was an orignal
Enjoying somewhat warmer weather.
The REPUBLICANS are having a hard TIME accepting WOMEN'S RIGHTS, GAY RIGHTS, EQUAL RIGHTS, and an AFRICAN AMERICAN PRESIDENT.
GO FOR IT!
good mornin beautiful
lol I feel you
Steve Marriott been a favorite since Small Faces days, He did a song in a later HP line up Fool For A Pretty Face Fantastic
Well, I'm officially registered for Marathon 2!!!
Yikes!
Time to get to work!!
I need to channel my inner
Just set up a Words With Friends account.
No turning back now, I'm going to end up Scrabbling forever.
the candler rd flea market has be knock down
Since I've been in Giant Eagle I've heard BSB NSync  Britney Spears
is giving the starting a community laboratory 101 overview
I freestyle lyrics while I'm playing guitar, then I wish I would have written them down cause they're always like hella good!
Then I forget.
Dear 's Yes, I do want my penny in change!
Tell your employees to quit taking it upon themselves to give themselves a tip!
Ready to see our payment switch in action?
Reply or DM to contact us.
Anybody in Longview got a room I can use for a couple weeks?
On my way to the gym todays double feature!
I'm down like james brown if you can get me a fuckin Twinkie!!

Most people are about as happy as they make up their mind to be.
Abraham Lincoln
I am kind of in the same boat, so post the career switch tips for everyone once you have them!
LMAO!!
Really though?!?
Except I changed my password so it won't help you much haha.
I gotta update you on it lol
Im mad i didnt see you tonight trick!
Chicks dig the long ball.
hittersnotpitchers RT : Colby Lewis is good at giving up that Home Run Ball
that sounds like a good idea
not unless fear makes me happy
Man m
Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life
Tired.
Sick.
Back hurts.
People making me mad.
AND school tomorrow.
Ugh.
This time again qualities of leadership
Great article.
I've been saying this for years.
Breezy day  my parked car next to flowering tree  open windows  a suddenly very romantic backseat.
Ok sweet I'll check it out
I still haven't asked her yet.
I am when she gets home.
I made dinner.
So she should be happy.
Sewing and emails.
Hoping this doesn't take up all of my Sunday...
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas....unless your friends posts it on Facebook.
If she's amazing she won't be easy...if she's easy, she won't be amazing!Unknown
Hate being there for sum folks, they forgetreally dont knw how to be here for me, AMAZING!
A few words of encouragement goes a long way.
No solid food since 7pm last night and won't have anything but clear liquids until at least 14:00 tomorrow.
IMA BE CRANKYPANTS TODAY!
:
nicely written.
She seemed to be a great lady.
is now tweeting her Things in Marx project !!
we're wondering the same thing!
Hopefully we'll have an answer for you soon!
40oz beer, Monster energy doctornk, bout 6 now n laters, sprite.
And POW 4 loko.
I refuse to believe.
Okay guys this is the time my friend is gone till friday and we r racing to 1000 followers...
Please help me with shouties and follows!
Win!
do you recommend anyone specific for metal engraving?
I want to do my shovel rockerboxes.
Thanks bro
Will you be my Valentine?
RT : : Sam, Sam, Sam..why do you skip over SanDiego?
WheresTheLove
did you get me email .
.
.were you able to figure it out?
You're dealn with a person with two traits from cancer and Gemini so uve got a dual personality sensitive dominant protective chick no bueno
Thanks again for a great weekend Paso!
Oh boy...here we go...lol RT My show got his mind right!
LOL
Are you too hip for the Moontower Fest?
Come out to on Wed.
at 8 PM at Cheer Up Charlie's and feel like an Austin insider.

look at the bright side, you're so hot it shows...lol
Beta Fish Fry .
Tonight  Lake Perch from Sweet Water Organics
fingers crossed that my car is ready today!
yea I saw that.
They talkin about it here.
I don't know how I feel about it
should have been an AllAmerican too.
He's running better ...
seriously.
RT : And then Helton goes first to third.
Oooohaah, he'll be sore tomorrow.
NICE!
Miss you guys.
Love from MI
thanks bud!!!
Allow me to reiterate what everyone is saying: The Straw Dogs remake poster is insulting to everything.
the Mavs is conserving energy for clutch time.
Hey guys Diamond :
fascinating!
Is your work geared towards any particular consumer products?
cool guys that would be great cant wait to hear it
email sent!
Thanks for responding!
I just laughed out loud right now.
Yo You Need Some Contacts Son, Cause Them Glasses Look Like They Can Pick Up Cable
doctorgonball Evolution highly entertaining.
Terrible, but entertaining.
Ugh, I bind this headache in Jesus' name...
Thank you, !
Good to be here!
Damn headache.
I keep hearing about The U  I believe all that it is awesome!
I didn't see yet, but I have it DVR'd and will check it out next week.
Missing bigdaddy hardcore right now.
I'll be ur crying shoulder,I'll be loves suicide I'll be better when Im older,I'll be the greatest fan of ur lfe
Good morning!
Hope everybody is off to a good week.
If not I got good and bad news.
Good news: It's only Monday.
Bad news: It's ONLY Monday!
Your play on words has made me laugh.
Did you know that it is a sign of great intelligence?
I have no doubt, in your case.
lol now yknow what u would say to ur mom to tell her to make you a sandwich :P
Yes!
You answered my question before I could ask it.
RT : Make your resume easier to read by bulleting accomplishments under each position/company.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
It's one of those days where I got doctorssed, hated what I put on, knew I would hate it all day, but didn't change.
Ugh.
That makes sense  workaholics are dedicated and determined while clock watchers seem committed only to what they must do.
Steve Nash checks out to a bit of an ovation with 3 minutes left in the third.
Did he just play his final minutes as a Sun?
Bokura ga Ita.
The jury is still out, but if the season ended right now i wouldn't recommend.
Immersed in
im sorry, which story are you referring to?
RT Good Morning !!!
Count your blessing not what you don't have and God will help you out !!!
I wanted both Jamar and Juliet to be on the show together so heartbreaking!
Tea for dinner and attempting to watch a chick flick.
It's been a Monday all over.
We do ship, check us out  www.hubigs.com!
this is so perfect!!
Is this in your nursing book?
Hamsters can have sex up to 75 times a day.
I wanna be a Hamster!!
always thankful for what i have i am truley blessed.
Thanks to fire marshall Bill AKA husband, I am now certain that the fire alarms in our house do not work
No I'm not going to hide her cause then I can't make fun of the dumb crap she posts
thank you 3 I'm praying things get better.
Bloody Mary, eggs, sun, beach and good peeps!
This is my heaven in the morning!!

Oh smdh .
Im Hipp .
She Talk too much shit
Remember, society considered women as all liberal radicals.
Gonna get my hair did!
We are open at 11:30 this morning!
Come say hi to Lora and get 30 to 50 percent off clothing!
How the heck am I supposed to quote Faulkner?
His sentences are as long as my whole essay...
Good afternoon.
What are you reading this month?
We picked up a copy of Hunter S.
Thompson's Fear and Loathing.
Thx for the add!
Much appreciated!
: Whos not looking forward to waking up tomorrow?
Maybe its just me, but this seems very emo and morbid.
Decepticons were much better fighters when I was a child
Having a good Mothers Day so far :
Y is it ok 2 bail out wallstreet when I say I need some help w/ rent they tell me 2cut the pork  get 2nd job, work harder!
blount with a touchdown, lets hope the guys upstairs get it right
lmfao omg u blonde
has my heart .
I fucking love this guy.!
Imagine You're with Harry at the beach watching the sunset.
When he suddenly turns around  grabs your hand ''Will you marry me?''
what's there to write about?
Chuck, is GOD and Flynn is awesome backup
The popup store will enliven Bridgeport, which has no a bookstores.
Volunteer run, professort from affordable books pays rent!
what is this i hear that you guys are taking the off the air starting next week?
is this true?
I'm marrying Madison Alamia 3,:
I think I'm going to write an ode to cereal.
I love this stuff!
, your redberries rock!!!!
Thanks, Shirley!
Can't wait for your redesign.
Yes, we unschool at home.
Childled interests, natural learning.
Happy fathersday to all the amazing dads out there :
Maybe you need to relearn chess while doctornking.
Context learning and all that.
Would at least be pleasant to try.
our pleasure.
You deserve all the success you're having!
ag
There is nothing like
OH: The people who comment on trending topics are trolls.
whoa, brutal much.
Jk.
But people should be forced to read this chapter cuz its so good :D
Fuck It I'm Going To GEt A Tatto that Says Lady Gaga For Life Fuck My Parents
Closed today.
Getting the new grill installed and taking longer than expected.
I should be open tonight 10p3am
Go WHITE!
I am asking a lot of questions of CFSA about staffing levels.
You guys are ruthless.
I mean I am too.
I've made people cry.
But I don't do it anymore because I'm not THAT kindve a dick
Finished a new piece, 'The Vorpal Sextet', a tribute to Charles Dodgson.
Soon to appear on my web site, but not tonight, yawn.
129 for a replacement MBP battery?
No thanks Apple Store, I'll seek out cheaper alternatives.
Still love the machine after 3.5 years tho.
There are a few flight schedule delays but mostly all clear at LAS.
Check in lines and security are short and movin!
I LOVE YOU YOUR THE MOST DOWN TO EARTH ,CUTE FUNNY, SMART ,HOT, SEXIEST ,AND SWEETEST GUY EVER!!!!!!!!:
Move to Philly!!
You can Fear Anything But Do not Fear Failure!
that's not gonna be awkward
I left the office so I could work on the couch.
Still working though!
I loved seeing your face on commercials when I was home for the holidays.
Made me smile!!
My son was also born with a CHD.
He's 4 now.
Come to de Vere's Irish Pub at 1:30PM if you wanna be in the background of their new website!!!
6 items you should look for in an online job board ...
I dnt got one
deleting certain ppl who shows no interest!
Women vs Men hires  sexy vs not  today only on DTHR and the creep factor
Does it piss you off when white kids say the n word?
Aww thanks.
Takes epic to know epic.
Can't wait for the Ballard location to open!
Payless Shoes poised to sell itself
Anderson: Sophie, Apple iBook  thinking about design and presentation  Scalar about information architecture as primary goal
A big hello to our newest followers  we've followed back
SFOPDX via for sakefestpdx  join us portlandia!
maybe hit up or late night.
Haha yes :p

i'm just full of surprises!
it was wonderful to visit you both at your respective institutions :
You're a bacon of a banana!
sick movie!
i miss talking to you to sis !!
its been so long
I can't wait to see my make up already
West Palm on Thursday!
can't wait to start making mad money!
came home from new york on friday.
going back to new york on wednesday.
busy busy busy.
Why is it when it's 71 degrees outside it's hot, but when it's 71 degrees inside, it's FREEZING.
RT : They'll talk about you in the end so just do whatever the fuck you want.
a lot of these rappers hide behind  because in reality, they lack selfconfidence; however, there are some that are very confident!
Does anyone really though?
:/
I'm extremely hungry!
I have my mom jamming to a snoop song.
Lol
going all out!!!!
no holding back this spirit bomb
I'm sick and tired of people who are sick and tired
We'd like to wish all of our Jewish friends a Happy Hanukkah!
Finally got the new phone!
And cake from my landlord to round out this fantastic Day of Mel.
I needed today.
Trust me, there are mire than 12 people with extrodinary memories........
it's many times a curse.
Up side?
No need for photo albums.
Justin is the new Justin.
Mouseketeer Justin, come back!
Way to go, I'll Have Another!!!
Derby Day 2012!
Chubby people have to be chased because you know damn well they ain't chasing shit.
Except cake.
Bay Buchanan  broken clock
you look like a lot like ur mom!
:
Congrats Chargers on clinching the conference today
40 wpm is pretty good to start.
You might be interested in our app's advanced lessons.
you too!
Let's keep in touch!
In the studio.
Spongebob marathon.
getting comfortable with some new applications...
Many centrists today could have easily been rightwingers 20 and 30 years ago.
Yes, I meant Oscar...but all the same.
Combined with his acting from the Blackhawks series he probably has a SAG Award too.
I have 3 boxes of those in my office.
they make 10 better looking.
warriordash was amazing!
I will be there to win it next year!!
Keselowski gained over 50k followers since he started tweeting from the backstretch.
crazy!
I would probably kill myself if I was a middle schooler right now
don't here all the smack talk now Frat!
Lol Get prepared to take off YOUR license plate and flag.
I can not see you doing heroin!
appreciate that Kae!
Who can recommend a fun place near ALA12 for a MeetUp?
It should be big enough and fun and not too expensive!
will be closing at 4PM today for a private event.
The Rock Shop will remain open.
The Hard Rock will reopen 5/14 at 11AM
honored to be the last supper 
vs.
TRENDING
Not a good day 
Is that what the cool kids with the net books are doing?
Man I'm bringing this thing to class tonight to look up patterns :
I love that plays Creedence Clearwater Revival on my Jack Johnson channel.
Happy Mother's Day to the mothers in my life and the mothers in yours...
Livetweeting CFPB acting chief Raj Date's presser at the Cleveland City Club
Hi Congrats on the pending launch of your new concept.
Apparently being at work is code for naptime with some people.
Movie time 
I'm making cupcakes today in honor of National cupcake day!
huh, I thought ALA voting was done already.
That'd be why I haven't seen results yet.
GO VOTE if you haven't already.
Imma stop saying typing 'af' unless I need to shorten my tweet.
Looking forward to the workshop tonight.
A lot of good Bicentennial Columbus starts on the docket.
Carrie Lauren Fans follow!
We need a twitter for them two!
:
Looking for vintage motel / diner signs in KC.
I'll be surprising the hot receptionist during today's fire doctorll with a realistic portrayal of apply the salve
Will a TMS work for multiple sites hosted on the same domain?
ie mobile site vs full site
oh omg, bby I'm only staying more 20 minutes, so omg hurry up : I need to talk to you!
I wish I were here this weekend but I will be in DC instead of here for SXSW.
Back on Wed.
Kyle  5122469932
no!
haha.
Rounding to the next nickel...save us money or cost us more over time?
I'm very proud of the way my freshmen experimented with iMovie, Windows Movie Maker  other platforms 4 multimedia projects!
You ruined my funny :
Delving into my dissertation research, and I am happy.
Always reminded of what I love doing.
I 3 history
It always amazes me how much trouble I have writing about myself.
doctorVE has been added to Netflix streaming and it's even in its proper 2.35:1 aspect ratio.
HAha Zac Efron doctorpped a condom on the red carpet walking into the Debut of his new movie, the Lorax.
Nitemare of a day!
I feel sorry for the practice squad...even more than usual
RT : Don't forget to RT for a chance to win 2 tix to our GreysBenefit for !
Official rules here:...
My southern client wants me to take her to Cedar Hill Kitchen Smokehouse restaurant in San Francisco
save me
Now off to LaGaurdia.
can the kid and I come hang at kids club?
I'm too hungover for the playground.
Diablo3 comes out Tuesday o
RT : Psalm 18:47 He is the God who avenges me, who subdues nations under me,
waking up to greeny requesting to trade wade; lol
Now that I look back on it, Pokemon day care was a lot like a sex factory.
Artist occupations w/ highest projected growth rates: museum technicians and conservators; curators, landscape architects.
That was the most swagged out way to announce your college decision.
Pop psych and pol correct have too much influence It goes without saying pharm have too much influence.
professort is bottom line.
you can always give the Beth's challenge another shot...
open 24 hours a day.
Justin is creeping on 's account : hurry follow her if you want to be followed!!
:
Lunchtime!
Fill up on fiber, dont skip the beans.
But you will skip the guilt.
Day of my sisters wedding.
Where am I?
Shopping with the groom for his outfit for tonight.
Whew, what a busy week
couldn't agree more.
Although he is trying to prove himself playing with that rib
New album: First rehearsal yesterday...New band members, Derek best doctormmer in town, session was great.
Did you know the Federal Voting Assistance Program uses our info to provide the facts to our troops and other Americans overseas?
I do everything for him....I guess that's not enough
Possible to love too much??
relaxin at the beach!
So sad that is over after tonight.
It's been a staple in my life for so long.
you were suggested on twitter.
:
Thanks everyone who took the time to audition for The Glass Circle Feb 29th via Skype.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
No guy is worth your tears and the one who is would not make you cry
We cant change the past and what happened yesterday  we can absolutely change how those experiences impact us today and tomorrow
True true.
:c
How about a follow from my Favorite Hawks Player
hey people ;
you r bio says folow back when asked..
will you follow me back please?
It will make my LIFE 3
LOVE LOVE LOVE your show!!!!!
hope it stays on for YEARS to come!!!!
you are very welcome.
Actually, the song was Get Down, Make Love.
Awkward Boner
Mom, is that you?
FLIGHT TO ISRAEL FOR BIRTHRIGHT OFFICIALLY BOOKED!!
March 1425!!!
: We're playing a show tonight at The Speakeasy in Lakeworth, FL South FL friends u NEED to see this band!
7:30pm start!
but babe there ain't no way you're gay :
Thanks for the shout out.
Made me smile.
Be back this summer, mein.
Gonna link up wit FCC for some shows i think.
RT  wasssup when u comin home
Im doing good.
mind if i share this?
Become a better student of your own life!
Great quote from one of my favorites mister Jim Rohn.
RT : Bo Boegle of PARC carriers will make as much on the data plans for smart objects a they do for computers
Happy birthday to Bob Stoops, or as I call him, Bobbylicious.
He definitely brought up the triple nines, the one enduring slogan from the flavor of the month club.
Let's talk about occupy my big comfy bed right now.
i'm glad you finally decided to tell everyone about our baby!
I know, but we seem so distant anymore
The first week of June.
I'm supa dupa excited.
backtoreality today has been tough to get back into the swing of things!
dance was great!!!
yall are great dancers and i hopr yall go far!!!
lol.
I was looking for cling wrap to save some leftovers, and they said they don't use it.
Go figure.
I want to hold you close, close to my heart 3
Hi it's Feather Ladë....post me some festive ideas for earrings, necklaces, etc., you would like to Rock this Holiday season.
:
Oh ok .
signs them bitches 
congrats guys!!!
Very happy 4 ya...
See u back in Boston next wknd !
Way away away from here I'll be Way away away so you can see How it feels to be alone and not believe Anything
Inner SE is my favorite, but if you don't plan to doctorve/have a car, downtown is great too.
Today we feature something light and refreshing: LemonHerb Roasted Chicken.
wtf is going on?
did all the hot hibernating santa maria girls decide to come out today?
Looking forward to it!
Thanks for helping keep Ben January alive.
dude that chick ripped ass
My.
Throat.
Hurts.
So.
Bad.
Omg.
: More whitney news on State of the Union
SO PLEASED!
Please fallow my BFF
Can someone point me in the direction of good online resources for beginning to use Socratic seminars?
sschat thanks!
Hm.....
RT Where can I buy an ugly Christmas sweater?
do I need to get shots before coming?
Don't get me wrong, I still care I just stopped showing it.
I can only do so much when my effort isn't recognized.

what  RT Libra has a big need for variety.
That means if they get bored with you, they'll try someone else.
Intuition is there even when my vision is impaired
Way to pick a great time to hide shit from me...
SomeWhereOutThere is a goofy maug taking another pic of himself for Instagram inside with some shades on.
Omg Tyrus Thomas!!!!
OK, once the contract gets signed, I might reach out for more details.
Thinking about a quick jaunt to Napa too.
YouWereCuteUntil you came closer...
I've been so stressed out this week.
I'm looking forward to my break from life seeing  tomorrow!
Ayers: Surprised to become pres of Univ of Richmondthe front edge of new DH inst leadership?
Deanprovostpresident fast track?
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO TWEETIES WHOSE READY TO doctorNK 
Bought a superhero bath towel from last month.
It arrived today and it's AWESOME!
FYI, it's not for me.
FINALLY getting my carwashed!
Don't know why, but around this time every year I get an urge to grow a beard.
That's odd right?
: I wonder if we'll see a team play offense like this against Ohio State the rest of the season.
Florida could stroke it
get out if here!
brilliant halftime.
better than ever.
My research paper will get finished at midnight the night before it is due
Oh, that's awesome!
yes!
for once Jewels actually used the scratching post!
: that's sweet of you, thanks...just been one of those weeks.
I'm ready for summer really lol
Actually, pdx could probably use one noncoffeesnob on the tourism board.
And I prefer to think of it as refined taste.
getting ready for this move , and this music thing
RT : Getting back with an ex is like a buying ticket to watch a bad ending to a movie you've already seen.
Who knows how much partying will go on with your parents there :P but we'll try to get away with as much as we can
what's this SeaDog talk?
I'll miss Spanish class together, fun times!
awww...I love the bats!
Enjoy!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x5
Hollywood Studio Bar and Grill.
Open mic tonight!
Come on out!
US House is passing a budget making budget decisions.
Dems in Senate will not consider it nor pass their own.
Can't run a country this way.
I'm starting to realize how small I am.
beautiful morning
check him out.
It's okay.
Wish it had HDMI support.
Black Magic is amazing.
:
too much tv or overactive imagination.
Either way, glad he was wrong!
Ha!
That error cheats us out of 50 of our wins!
Don't make that season any worse than it was...
;
I lost control with that one :
Yeah, but ya gotta start a tag somewhere!
tears in my eyes as Peyton Manning speaks....great player, great person
oh ok, ima be runnin around like
Jersey shore beavis and butthead commentary is hilarious!
Now I'm headed to EmoryUniversity to talk in Hank Klibanoff and Brett Gadsen's class on cold civil rights cases.
Watching play Zelda for Nintendo 64.
God I missed her so much.
Please contact our customer service they will be happy to help you het a replacement
Enjoy this beautiful Wednesday with a Stinky Gringo Margarita at
econdebate Q: Are we seeing the result of 40 years of failed supplyside theory, or is this malaise the result of 3yrs of band aids on it?
Impressed by the great speakers at the PMO conference
coming to see y'all in Dallas Texas!!!
40 days and counting!!!!
Just the thought of school makes me sad.
another big question is what investigative reports look/sound like on a smartphone.
we will not be hanging out until the stanleycup finals is over,
I don't think I'll ever live more than 1.5 miles from water ever again.
Running to the lake is my favorite.
you already look good!
oh thats right they actually saidkinda my bad LOL
Beautiful warm day with blue sky in Birmingham today!
that sounds horrible.
Today!
Trying to control everything is the best way to lose control of everything!
Let life happen sometimes.
You may actually enjoy it!!
I don't understand how your alibi to being accused of being a racist is I'm Hispanic.
Not a very good alibi if you want to say you're not.
what if I'm flying to the Caribbean?
Just occurred to me that it might qualify as other  not wanted.
you have a amazing smile !:
On the cusp of some extremely unique poker opportunities.
Thank you
Next week?
I'm out of town today.
: : come get a free empanada then!
Farragut Square at 11:30.
Be there?
You can't be boring.
Life is boring.
The weather is boring.
Actors must not be boring.
Stella Adler
In class early waiting for the teacher to start lecture
OMG!
He's fat!
Wft
OMG, I'm going to steal that dinner picture!
Thanks for posting it!
Blah work
I need to start putting as a business reference.
Tf am I doing in life?!
i was texting my friends dad on accident and i didnt even know who i was xD omg
Home game cash game just broke up, heading for the barn
I will let you know.....
I well send you a message in little bit flight about to leave
SFSOB live in San Francisco.
Tuesday nights 102am  Infusion Lounge on 124 Ellis St.
I'll be one of your bartenders.
come and party
AW YEAH RT : MercyJose  severe case of badassness
Your next shot to go to Oahu and see where filmed is happening at 6:56p!
SaySomethin is trending worldwide!
:
this kendoctorck concert is gonna be live..
thats lowkey my favorite artist right now
RISE N SHINE!
what's good do u follow back
There's always that friend that is always there for you whenever you need them.
Tomorrow it's time for you to be there for them 
sometimes i forget that i'm stalking peoples TL and i'll retweet people that aren't even them and then it gets even more awkward
Ha!
Thanks for noticing!
Happy New Year!
where's the meetup!
The weekend is almost here!
Where are you planning on spending it?
May we suggest our patio with a nice cold beer in hand?
Your Weird O.O !
Just finished my 3rd...count it 3!
articles now on Associated Content.
Only 310 to catch up with you!
tomorrow...lol
Don't stay home on this gorgeous Seattle night!
Join us for free trivia nite.
Gr8 food  doctornk specials  8 10pm.
Prizes!
Never date a boy or girl who goes to your school its mad doctorma!
Everyone in they momma is in your buisness even the freaking teachers smh
S/O to the people who unfollowed me and you guys are cool
ok I'll study too even though I won't know what y'all r talking about lol
Key 3rd down here for the Cardinal.
Happy Flag Day.
Display Ol' Glory!
Listening to Real Time with Bill Maher
Did you go?
I agree it was spread out; BUT there were a TON of things to do.
Several Packers bars, pep rallies, etc....
I hope my mom likes her presents...
New exhibit!
Details coming soon...
HEALTHAre there any other deductibles or access fees besides my Hospital Deductible?
1/15 ?'s to ask when buying ins www.theprofessorttrap.com
how bout dem Os kenny
It's so beautiful outside!
We've seen Joe Torre from about seventeen angles, but we can't get a shot of the strike zone when Obama throws the first pitch?!?
Nonsense!
you should write moar;
Happy Cdoctor Day.
I love you too, baby!
:
Girl I just wanna see you strip right now cause its late babe
can i get funny quote from heath slater please
I wish they would say what the Yellow is specifically for
occupycoffee it's Monday!
So windy
First time home in a week...and it's 100 degrees.
Pretty sure it's going to be near impossible to get me off this couch.
Balls and strikes should be called by a computer.
RT  JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS SO IS THEY ANY GOOD, WORTH PAYING FOR A TICKET TO SEE THEM PLAY, STADIUM 20MINS AWAY FROM MY HS..
I'm going say he runs 4.43.
Yes, you're mad, bonkers, off your head.
But I'll tell you a secret...
All the best people are.
Been fucking wit the money since 4:30 pm yesterday now it's time to get sum sleep!!
GOD and I are definitely on the same page.
That relationship begins with me knowing GOD is the page, the ink, and the whole book.
vaforum12 Next up: Scott Jost of Bridgewater on Source and Confluence: Virginia Waterways and the Chesapeake Bay Watershed.
PPS I've worked here for 21 months and there's never been a problem before.
So it's new jack Citi for the opponents.
Where's Judd Nelson and IceT?
Those look great!
I wanna be an astronomer.
Well.
Insurance does pay for Viagra, Cialis and such more often than it covers the pill.
What does that make men?????
Time you get the courage to follow your own doctoram, because doing what THEY love to get what YOU want will always leave you wanting.
Blogging is now becoming one of the new ways of making money online  Bloggers are ringing in the cash maybe you can to?
Ok so today is not a good day 4 yrs ago my dad died and I never got to see him or even say goodbye I miss u dad and I love you watch over me
I injured my knee while sleeping so feel free to ask me your health and fitness questions.
Time for the hagiography for Reagan's 100th BDay.
He sold weapons to Iran to support death squads in Nicaragua, against the law!
Wow!!!
Ok, now THAT was a exhibition of Hollywood capability!
Awww and now I'm going to have nightmares : scary movie!
But good, but scary!
fingers crossed  yeah ill convice my madoctor cuz she wanted to this summer but no :/  It was good spent it with fam  fri ...
Rough morning.
I shouldn't be in this much of a bad mood this early in the morning.
he a faga :P
OH MY GOD I KNOW RIGHT
Hey I just wanted to say that my girlfriend who died recently loved you and I have so much respect for you.
The sales guy at Verizon saw my school staff badge today and gave me a 25 discount for being a teacher.
Thanks Verizon!
Michael Paul Britto talks about his analog beginnings showing video art at Rush Arts.
It takes all of us to worship and read the word of God!!
Stop and take a couple of slow, deep breaths, and spend a moment contemplating gratitude
But when a tenyear married man looks happy, we wonder why
TSOINY/NJ caught FRONT LINE ASSEMBLY show but missed 1/2 cause they went on 20 min b4 9!
whatisupwiththat!
Thanks for the translation!
Prayers  support fir the family , friends,  fans for Sarah J Burke.
A shining beacon on light put out much too soon.
Shine on us.
but i think the last one i made is the right one forever
where can you get volume 1
Haha nah, just looking on the bright side
doctornking with the fam for the first time!
Why because I can !
Lol o
lol we aint go!
Cause they aint wanted to make tht doctorve so i macked on fat hoes till i gt bored
Things to do on Saturday, May 5
is turning over a new leaf today.
How many times do u have to remind ur ex...THEY R AN EX???!!!
I miss you already .
Have fun 4 me .
tell miss you wt the BULLSHIT
ndpl collaboration is the engine that doctorves change meg bellinger
it's a party?
I think?

adults through reducing stress; and seniors by exercising the brain.
yeahp, just for the weekend
If there wasn't spell check i would be the kid everyone's laughs at on fb and twitter cause i suck ass at spelling
has tomorrow off!!!
4 i know you heard this before, never get high on your own supply
Adolescence is perhaps nature's way of preparing parents to welcome the empty nest.
Karen Savage and Patricia Adams
I don't know where you got your opinion, but I hope you kept the receipt.
I've never heard silence quite this loud.
Is SHE still causing problems??
thanks for the follow  Love your work
Great upper body workout today!
Your efforts are paying off!
Looking Good!
See you Wednesday!
This is the last visit from the home care nurse!
10 days down, just a few more to go!
you're from australia?
haha and thanks!
x
Doris Burke?
Seriously?
Are the Silver Stars playing?
NOT THE PERFECT TWEET !!
Now thats an EPIC Fail Tweet xD
Now, that's the Mad Men I remember.
Our PHP framework uses a lot of static calls.
I have trouble reconciling how I write Unit Tests in other langs with this.
I think our small office could use some technology.
Pilot warned us not to go after hat or scarves that blow away as he doctorpped us off on an active runway at laguardia.
Thanks.
very nice
Skitt Skitt water gun OH MY GOD Becky look at her butt Dozha.
i love u!!!!
please tweet me3
That wasn't a Google photo of the Stonewall Jackson statue!
I took it with my phone at Manassas.
STD: Short Term Disability.
:P
You should make this a monthly tweet.
Lucid doctoraming is an interesting concept.
Do you have time to explain?
BTW...have you finished writing your dissertation?????
Asked to supply 120 pros for orch of 120.
Knew it would be imbalanced when brass played.
Again: My formula: At LEAST 1.5 singers per player
Did she really just mess up the national anthem?!
Did a BodyRock workout AND went for a run tonight.
Hopefully I sleep well!
Still Kmsl at Laquanda Neal on Instagram using my AVI!
A hot mess, who does that?!?
Just concentrate on swing states.
It's all in electoral votes
Finally bought My Aim is True.
Long overdue.
Between family and perfunctory studying for an IT certification, I am an absentee blogger.
Two more days.
WANT TO GET THESE F'ING POSTS UP
thanks for attending McGee!
Finally can catch some sleep!
Been so.
Busy
I know: I do hope we sign Clint
Wow, look at you, that it's great.
And now you sell Mary Kay.
Haha!!!
Just kidding.
So you ever done P90X?
late session just finished grindin
I loved the stoRm!
For those keeping track at home,though I took yesterday off, today I've been planted at my desk ALL MORNING.
Except for when I took a nap.
I will read it instead since he is probably not going to
k settled.
You  my pythons  headlock
Their first fight was a battle, the rematch will be an outright war.
COTTO vs.
MARGARITO II Sat, Dec 3, 6PM PT, LIVE on PayPerView.
Yum!!
Happy Saturday!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
I just found out my mom's boobs are fake.
WHAT IS LIFE
i miss judo.
I got lost so I'm eating chicken wings
The GOP TWITTERNAZI just jiggled my cursor 'up  down' signifying that he/she must be a kochbros Konspiratorial Kriminal Kabal Klown :
I'll try to make it happen
Deleuze:natural phenomena are produced in a free state, where any inference is possible among the vast cycles of resemblance.
Hey or How about a Tim Tebow bachelor style tv show where the winning chick gets to take his virginity?
Thanks for the
coach Bombay always taught us Ducks Fly Togather
Enjoyed meeting with Kelley of Jackson's Bistro today!
I dont know what the key to success is, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone...
I love rain.
Id love to see a tornado one day.
RT : Filner mailer today reminding me of his deep knowledge of SD Port  misstating that NF is a republican...
Dudes who make a habit of saying bros before hoes usually have neither.
If I say Pop Century, you say!
teacher but I was like crying and then after she said she was impressed that I did so well.
And we totally got the other
time for marrone to hire a special teams coach...
Babies are such a nice way to start people.
Don Herold
Excited to finally be having my headshots done for my site.
Thank you to my girl Kila for taking care of me!
XO
what the heck was that...
Thanks Elliot.
Would love for you to leave a comment to this effect on the post, if you're game.
:
Get money fuckkkkk fruit snacks
it's never the same : but hopefully soon!
Hint: Valentines love homemade cookies.
We have all the supplies...
including red and pink sprinkles!
ya know half of the times ppl follow others when r told 2 and they dont get their shout outs
Misdemeanors are less serious than felonies but are punishable by  1 year in a local correctional facility.
THAT'S NOT EVEN HOW YOU SPELL IT HAHAHA
Happy early mothers day to all the mothers out there.
You truely are the perfect fan.
3
Are the Trats at home on the 19th?
Im at Miller Park and cant find a schedule anywhere!
oh for real??
I might be able to do that!
You make good money, right?
PATIENCE IS A VIRTUE
we are going to listen to one song and one song only...
Brian Lowe on value of things unsaid: monotonic reasoners  easier to add new triples upon inference, lot harder to remove
Jesus woman
you've been eating the WRONG alfredo sauce, missy
All time low 3
I hear there is a rescission?
, Hm...I CHOOSE not to participate!
I cam imagine.
It's difficult just looking through them.
Zimmerman prosecutor sounded like Llyod Christmas from dumb and dumber today.
So you're sayin' there's a chance....
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
Go Brazil!
It may be snowing at but things are heating up at the conference!
General session starts in 15 minutes!
That made me laugh.
I needed that, thanks.
The next person who angers me won't get punched.
You saved them.
quality, not quantity ;
Psyched beyond words for tonight in madtown.
: Morpheus There's a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path.
by Matrix yes, yes there is...hm
Could be worse....no wait....nevermind
I want to watch Brides Maids RIGGGHHHTTT NNNOOWW!!!
You are growing old and wise my friend!
Good Tuesday Morning!
Make it a great one!
First Pushcart Nomination today!
Now to solicit myself to judges to ensure victory.
Way to represent styles you are our Buffalo Soldier
Any tour plans for Chitown?
I don't think so.
Not in your stream but in your what your followers have been doing I use the web app, maybe other apps do show
On this good Friday I am enjoying a refreshing McCafe doctornk!
When my delivery doctorver is heading out the door, should I worry when he shouts Shotgun!?
learned today that some politicians know more history than history professorssors.
hmm.
darn shame I wasted all those years getting a PhD.
ifiwereu i would not go out in public
lol I'm there all night on Wednesday all hands on deck!
We have NHLNetworkTour visiting that night!
Saw Abby Lee at giant eagle today!!!
I was totally freaking out!
Lol 
ditto, who cares!
Our family raises exceptional beef
Happy Memorial Day everyone!
Nice work this week, man...
Have a good weekend
I'm in the mood for love.
I'm sure if I just eat some carbs, it'll pass.
Good is not good where better is expected.
Thomas Fuller
Can't believe no one 's ever on when I am anymore.
I truly need to just stay off here for awhile.
they weren't protesting the meeting.
They weren't allowed to attend the meeting and neither were the homeless.
Congrats!!
RT Thanks to my dear betafish who edited my chapter for contest  I'm a Top 3 finalist!
Our Open Mic kicks off in 25 minutes!
Get in FREE by just retweeting this!!
On a nice hot day like today, nothing beats a milkshake!!
Banana Pudding is the shake of choice!
Working on my family tree
ugh, when will this 80's revival 808 electro go away?
come up with something new, people!
i would give my left arm for some right now!
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the same girl requests to follow me on twitter, instagram, and add me on Facebook...
And I have no idea who she is...
SAForum2012 there cannot be economic independence when the pipo are burned by disease says Gwen Malegwale SA deputy minister of health
Spending lots of quality time in the car w/ Chris
So excited that this school year is over!
Now back to ME!
About to bump the Discipline and Dangerous albums.
Luv me some  MJ!
so we play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change and we take take take it for granted ...
's dad is making chicken alfredo tonight.
Ohman.
That site looks like anyone who wants to can fill out a survey and be interviewed.
I loveyou please notice follow me,very excited about BOYFRIEND aaaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber 6DAYS :D 4
LEGO cell phone comes loaded w/a game in which you make SpongeB0b kill people with bad breath caused by stinky icecream sundaes.
Go blazers!!
contact zac at the office 5032825158.
question about whether there's any interest in history of music notation processing  answer: no
so I'm in a meeting with and he claims to have started your argyle obsession....
Okay first time getting on this in like a year or two so suprise me people
you'll make it, kitten.
broke my heart.
JUSTIN BIEBER TWEETED U
I'll say it again!!
I Love My President!
Starting a QA video segment, and I need questions!
Ask me anything you'd like to know about USF and I'll find a campus expert to answer!
RT Damn that was bout 40 years ago!
:wanna go to auto show before it ends.aint been since doctorw.
36 yrs for you
chess.com has a good app, chessfree is decent.
Chessbases app is junk avoid it!
shredder is my favorite pay app
PITTSBURGH though!
confetti doctorpping from the ceiling tho??
No problem at all.
We are in the works of putting together a city wide QR Code scavenger hunt.
Kick us a RT when its ready?
THE SMOKE GOT ME
because it's so awful that everybody turns it after watching the first 3 awesome shows...
looks like it's going to be an amazing event!
Fucking right.
I work at a frozen yogurt place...
always packed with white girls...
hahaha
RT I'm determined to beat the Christmas belly this year.
I think I will try the eat slightly less diet.
She said you ain't no good but you feel so good.
They listened to you...almost : billycrystal please stevemartin please  can u please run out and host the rest of the Oscars
RT DC  fight CM Graham wants  for welfare.
Catania for health.
Brown for housing.
Evans for Arts
only live once an i plan on living mines a 100 mph
Congrats to  the Spurs on advancing to round 2 of the NBA playoffs.
Neal had 2 double digit scoring games in the series
Critical to your devotion time with God is the need for inner cleansing of your thoughts...
So you can come out like pure Gold!
been wondering where ya been!!
Firefox 3.6 is dead.
So happy.
Today I'm cocktailing with dyenosaur.
RRAWR!!!
I win!
RT : Today I'm having a cocktail with I win.
Ah.
May.
Zing.
That's what you are.
Thank YOU!
lol, I don't even know what that is!!
Spotify trying to generalize me!!!
;
The Academic Progress Rate, or APR, measures whether studentathletes remain academically eligible and remain enrolled with the school.
Hey, at least now you know you're good looking : I hate it when guys hit on me, the fuck out.
Woke up naked
Man, let us down tonight....
That's why he ain't even close to being MVP!
It's the waiting that kills me.
And then I get a rejection and I wish I was still waiting.
Get ready!!!
Good Smoke is coming soon!!!!
All that love was hurting your brain!
SQL Server is down.
We can't even ping it.
Investigating as fast as possible.
That is a great tv show.
Theresa Caputo is a very friendly and gifted psychicmedium.
She is very down to Earth.
Unfortunately, the twitter stream later reveals what sessions I shouldn't have missed!
Red Dawn, the first movie I ever watched on VHS.
The Right Stuff was the second.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Tryko Partners Acquires Park Raven; Expects 9 Cap
if you are ever in long island NY theres a place that sells table games and arcade cabinets
That moment when your cleaning because you have a cleaning OCD and you collapse...oh yea I'm sick :
thanks for coming out to the show!
Pacers win!!!
Why do musicians have to be awake by six o'clock?
Because most shops close by six thirty.
Had an amazing photoshoot with !!!
Now, off to a meeting!: Let's GO!!
I really hate ungrateful people!!!
yea .
Text me !
Participate in the general session with
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as a dog does.
Christopher Morley
It's editing time, which means it's almost pitching time!
Anyone got contacts to or 55 and to help us?
I have a question for people who care about DARK SHADOWS: Why?
Why be afraid to make a honest misteake
I wish I had this confidence when I was in my 20's  Janet Jackson Go Gurl!
I know what she mean!
I have the confidence back  it took 10
I will try.
How do you do an electronic transfer of Karma?
Western Union?
here's hoping!!!
re: Harper Collins debacle.
they're not a public service, they're part of a publicly traded co  obligated to shareholders, not libraries
RT: Majority of Pinterest users are from the Midwest?!
Interesting...
Pinterest's Business Model Is All About Exclusivity
TunnelFact 272: Cost of Tunnel  Market Capitalization of Ford Motor Company.
www.tunnelfacts.com
Random Fact: The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.
No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
jason, Nick, and Vinny :P im trying to get all of them to follow :
Breaking News!!!
ITS HOT!!
LOL!!
What is everyone doing to stay cool??
Happy Birthday .......
21 years today.
I Love you.
Getting reobsessed with , she needs more collaborations with 3
Thank goodness it's slow tonight at work
Normal people without printers also.
Here is problem too: Explain any number the risks to NFL players, most simply don't care.
When do YOU take it out of an individuals hands?
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
:'P
The bar is all decked out for halloween so come in and see it nyu there's a hi to kevin he has a caramel apple for you for 2 dollars
Let me tell you something, you're WORTH it.
No matter how many times someone has told you otherwise, you really are.
come on OMAHA DIRECTIONERS !!
Follow
I might tell a lie if u askin me my whereabouts, but I might talk that real if u ask me what I care about..
I abandoned Twitter a long while ago, but decided to check it out tonight.
I see that it is very spammy.
That's beautiful people song by chrisbrown is classic goin to rock for years
NowFollowing  THANKS FOR SUPPORT!!
kill me as you sing, you got a beautiful voice : I love you 
Mfs DO Anything For A Follow ..
smh !
IF Its That Serious BUY Some Followers .
Are you attending the fantastic soccer match between ManchesterCity and ManchesterUnited at Etihad Stadium?!
but more important, what r we gonna do about your poor Habs?
Thanks for a great day We'll be back in two weeks, I can't wait, this place just makes me happy!!
Thanks Shonda  Carolyn!
As I stare at my Bobby Lutzsigned basketball on my desk, there's a part of me that would be sad to see him go to VT.
Matt's truck stopped working today.
I need a car by Monday.
Both of us have to get to work : I believe I will get a loan and reliable car
I don't need em cus I got em I just haven't seen em
I wonder what I should watch next...waiting for my boys to come through so we can get some recording done
Are you joining us at the LPC AGM May 46 in Toronto?
It's not too late to register!
Newest obsession: Doctor Who 3
rememberwhen ppl moms would whoop they ass in class that shit was funny
Take away that INT.
The Masters reminds me of my dad  home.
Great suddendeath playoff.
Congratulations to GA boy Bubba Watson!
Green jacket for you!
I wish.
Talladega is awesome and JR is due.
5 of his 18 career wins at the
no pics of us from barktoberfest?
Hope you liked the music
clash of the titans
me too ever since I first saw her in the doctoramers
Will check your FB pageThx
I ain't hatin', I'm hurt'n from laughn at him!
Definitely in!
And while I can eat at Mecca, you guys can't doctornk at Uptown.
thanks for moving on for me :
Oh man i love getting shit for listening to The Maine.
Me no want to go to work today.
34 of 39 states/territories not yet substantially implementing SORNA requested  were approved for the full reallocation of the penalty.
Just got home from work!
Making the video now!
Send in your last minute submissions and i'll add them in!!!
Let me whisk you away from your doubts and denial Oh I know that you've heard this before
Life  I'm doing it wrong.
No problem at al l and thank you!
I been going to for almost a month and it's Fkn dope!
Countless of badasses in there..
UFC 146 is debut!
Just tapped Lips of Faith Coco Mole.
Sometimes the shit your friends asks makes you wonder....is there really intelligent life out there ?!
Ever seen 1 of ya DOGS turn into a SNAKE?!
Ever seen a SNAKE turn into RAT?!
Fkn wit U...I can tell u bout that!
Picking up Dette Glashouwer from Amsterdam.
She's spending two weeks meeting with artists in Atlanta.
Theme: Money, banking and the future
Check the Kansas City stop for warp tour on our web site under music.
Baldinger
Lugar had one fcn left in Senate: damping effective conservative ideas by hugging liberal ones
hopefully w.
my boyfriend today.
That means Thursday is doublechargemycheckingaccount day.
Can't wait to talk to another overseas rep!
Someone accused me of only voting for because I'm a Hutcher.
I'm not going to apologize for recognizing true talent.
did she want a treat after?
That's what I do too.
Maybe the Garmin is off.
48 RSVP's to the Mark Sultan/BBQ The Copperheads show already.
Nice!
I wouldn't trust him with my dog or my donuts.
RT : I wouldn't let this guy dogsit, let alone run a country.
how come ur not in the latest digital playground movies?
How old are you?
I have a Teen division that is 14 to 17 years.
Hi Rebecca!!
doctorpping in to say hello.
Hope all is well with you and yours.
Hope you have a great week.
Take care.
A Webby Award, Mountain Dew, Star Wars, and Barbie On My Desk ...
It was fun.
Terrific season.
twerkin solo dolo on that top bar tonight!
come get wild and weird with me.
I'm in need of a real toast to the scumbags tonight:
Ugh what to do
I can't believe I'm gonna be a junior in a couple of months.
I remember last year being so excited for high school...now it's a hell hole.
A little sore this morning after the hill workout last night.
5 miles on the horse trails in the Cleveland MetroPark
the sky :P j/k, but really not much just lyin around being lazy.
Sitting outside of soulasylumstudios on the gazebo.
Great day outside
so is losing a pinky today?
RT : So I already have an ugly christmas sweater, but I need THE UGLIEST ONE OF ALL.
love you more
To the chiefs?
When chase takes the burp game too far
I think it got warmer..., could just be my imagination playing tricks on me though.
Any tips on how to get rid of puffy eyes after crying?
I tried heavier eye makeup and now I look like a harlot.
that was the third, you must be nuts
This Ready 4 It mixtape is so wavy!!
My god!!
Hosted and featured by the waviest of em all.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable
Wish i was paying CT prices these days!
RT : Wow!
And I thought 4.09 in CT yesterday was bad!
congrats Coach keep up the great work
People who hallucinate are more likely to doctornk lots of coffee.
Chicken/ egg.
for what lol?
stands w/ Rodney King LAPD and chooses arbitrary Mon Nov 28 date to evict
indeed!
I'm getting in the game with you!
Gym time 
I'll stop now...cheers and love to you all :
I WILL write a blog post tonight...I will!
You would love him if he were a titan : Harrison is flat out dirty.
We all know it
Thanks...y'all kinda look alike to me.
I think she may be a little bit more cute than u.
Lol
wow.
I'm very very jealous.
: Tomorrow should be fun 
The most important things in life are your friends, family, health, good humor and a positive attitude towards life  these are everything!
all i want to do on twitter is make people feel BEAUTIFUL, know that theyre WORTH it, feel LOVED and be CARED for 3
Apple cider donut snack.
Good morning y'all!
happy and productive Saturday here.
what about you?...
that's fine!
You will be doing plenty next week!
Its merry happy hump day.
I forgot I had your game for wii!
Pretty good workout!
Just a little shout out to our boy FYI he's the man
U have 3 hrs  45 min 2 take advantage of our weekly FREE FRIDAY deal!
check out the link we posted earlier 2 c wht u can get cleaned 4 FREE
can u talk get each number
Any1 else notice that SCOTUS wasn't willing to read the HC law before ruling on it either?
2k pages no1 has read worried for my country
Almost 10 years AND 4,000 miles, I should add.
It's not like I'm going to show up at Homecoming, folks.
I love my background!!!
our CEO is currently working 24/7 in creating TC, plus life and moving!
Cut to : TheaterConnects is looking to hire you!
Its Friday the Thirteenth but Tiger Woods won golf's Masters Tournament on this date in 1997
S/O to my homie Solo Bello We bout to do big thangs!!
If you blink you might not see us coming..A lot can happen in 24 hrs
Thanks!
I'll check it out  wish me luck :
Silverfish are the worst fish
: Damn, I Tried To Get Over It But Fuck, This New Facebook Is Fucking Gay.
go see my latest WhatToExpectMovie in theaters this fri!!!
Beautiful Jennifer Hudson just beautiful.
Ok Celtics...you're good making shots right underneath the basket.
Time to make some jumpshots now.
Wish I'd packed tape  would use it to cover this guy's mouth!
Surely, he has something on this train to clean or stock
I wasn't wowed by most of the fashions, was kinda disappointed
its a cruel concoction that was supposed ti be 'like a milkshake'....
only it had coffee in it.
Gettin ready to take a family out on a new Sea Ray 210 Select.
What a boat!
Another new happy MarineMax customer!
I love ths job!
Willard will say anything.
I like that you use oy vey in daily convo, our plan to secretly convert her is working!
yea but even if they r there had to b somebody to make em like dat ...A MAN?!
today I was to the salon, after I go to the bar with the mans of my house.
We eat liver!
LOL
Guess ill just finish listening to my music and go to sleep.
sitting in class
WHAT THE FUCK RADIO/PANDORA.
So funny So many cats wanna say So many things but when the cards are shown they dont play their cards and are So outta there......
There's a King in the building.
my life 
Chris carter tried to tell me 2 chainz is better that kanye 
we can go to disney
Having fun in the desert for the weekend..
Wishing everyone a great weekend 
It was good!
It was a bit odd but I enjoyed it.
How about both?
A hot hoot mess.
A messy hot hoot.
A hooty hot mess.
What's up with the internet in Dupont and Capitol Hill the past day or so.
Seems to be running slow wherever I go.
Rockies Rosario was hitting .194 before yesterday, looked lost.
But pinchhit single last night, followed by HR off Kreshaw today.
Nice.
You're obviously upset that I beat you by one point in fantasy football.
I don't even remember what winter feels like!
Now , i go to applebees with my team !
GUYS: when she worries about you, it means she cares...but when she stops caring, that's when you should be worried.
Looking forward to powwowing with other lady bosses tonight!
follow back?
Jacob I have something to ask u
Liam Payne asked me out on a date because we're meant to be together 21
cheer practice, then I'm going to my friends turner and Corey's house.
Happening gal needs a personal assistant job...she's handled celebs before so if anyone is in need my tweet is an open door!
;
Lose no time; be always employed in something useful
Port St Lucie Pain Management Group Now Accepting New Patients  PR Web
Snow falling on Hwy 26 at 185th and Bethany.
Heavier at higher elevations.
That a baby!
Big Blue!!
8pril!
Don't forget about the invisible childoctorn in Afghanistan.
Iraq.
Palestine.
Somalia.
Syria.
India.
Haiti.
Pakistan.
Kashmir.
The World
How can we be lovers if we can't be friends??
If only Michael Bolton would answer this question for us.
What is this sun of which you speak?
I just want school to be over!!!!!!!!!
I hate these doors
Too cute for words!!
Thx for your feedback!
Much appreciated.
I swear is comedy I would RT that last tweet cuz it's funny but my moma got hair haha
Also, on Saturday, October 6 we will have a special set of sessions for charter school teachers as part of our 2012 conference.
oh god i wish i was in fl lolol
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn?
Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
Strange is the only way to describe my life right now
RT : Ah rain, you make me wnt to bake things and curl up next to someone.
Chilling with my Philly hang gang nigga,we riding deep today
Scanner Traffic Says It Is A Fire In Transformer of the Roof Of 11 Madison Ave  New York.
you can see the smoke from NJ
It did not last: the devil howling Ho!
Let Einstein be!
restored the status quo.
By myself.
Again.
Hello MY LOVE!!!
How are you...
Long time no HEAR 
Loving UIBC!
THANK YOU for such a great program!!
Think positively about yourself every day because without you the world would not be the same!
It's only life
I think I might finally be over the virus that's been pestering me all week.
Starting new job tomorrow.
everything will be smooth everything will fall into place
Almost got hit by a bus bc my vintage Chanel earring fell off and rolled into the street.
Had to save it!
I'm not a tiny dancer but you can hold me closer.
Watching the Game in Canadian because DirecTV sucks.
thank you!
Have a wonderful day.
thanks for the mention on appadvice today!
downloads are blowing up.
Scroll one
Morning misterMatt
hey, thanks for the rt!
Frankly.....
ew....
RT : I bet Daniel Tosh has a sex tape with a midget in it.
Hey guys, sorry if I've been M.I.A.
I promise I'll be back when the season starts :
consitions in which rats exist
Thanks for posting the slides for LC presentation in Global Learning
great game u almost had one
with your favorite teacher right now, and all I can think about it what you told me yesterday.
So I'm like staring at her funny
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each neighborhood Firehook Bakery store!
seriously, me too.
I saw her live and it took everything in me not to cry/faint/die/scream/attack her
It's way to early to have already run, lifted, and been to the trainer.
I'm doctornk as fuck and just wanna go to bed but the room is spinning 
Calling my shot.case of the shorts
Did you know: The word bridal comes from brideale which is an old term for a celebratory wedding feast.
Now go impress your friends.
Did something brave today.
You should too.
winner!
RT : oh wait, i think it's Harmon Killebrew
RT : Every man has TWO types.....
His type and the exact opposite.
hey man you should really stop by Blitz for 1st thurs.
We have a tent up and have a lot of people coming.
It will be a Party!!!!!
o...good money made
good luck today gorgeous girl!
Remember be confident!
Lots of love your pageant coach ; x
Join our guest moderator for sschat Monday 5/7 when we'll discuss Devices in the Classroom.
She is currently freelancing.
:
love to hear it...it I one of my faves too
I was at the oh21cs session.
after it i spent time on your site and lehman's.
i know i saw a ppt with quotes of change in edu
Thousands are at Zuccotti Park to protest eviction.
Yeah, but I think it'll just come and go.
It'll be a footnote.
Me n fenna go out for a jog....i look like a hot mess lmao
The Icing On The Cake Is The BEST Part!!!!
great new look!
Another edition of Down on the RedSox Farm coming tomorrow morning, including PawSox streaks, Brentz, Bradley and a doctorve nono.
No, I did not.
Perhaps you have me confused with another person by the same name.
Awesome!
I can't wait!
Grades not Fabulous.
Fab Melo out for a week.
Per my Syracuse source, could be done for the season.
You rock!
Surrounded by all the miniature poodles at Duboce Park.
Kalipari vs Self in the championship again.
Hope Kalipari win this one this time.
Need for Kentucky to grab a win
I call it time optimist.
can't wait for the show tonight with
Damn I Tried To Take A Mf Nap, But Mfs Are So Inconsiderate That I Only Had 10 Mins Of My Eyes Being Closed.
Smh.
Go Argue Somewhere Else.!
I need people like you in Atlanta!
I get the sense that it's just not all that common.
Good night!
19 yo Eli Rabago missing frm Tucson.
Mental capacity of an 11 yo.
Not familiar with Tucson area.
He may be scared.
You keep making me weak.
Yeah frozen and can't breathe.
Mongolian grill conquered.
Now let's roll Newkid to the club for soundcheck...
Grrrr.
Not a good day today.
frantic wasp whizzing around the room what a horrible buzz they make
pretty much.
Nothing happens there which is good for the most part.
It's really chill mostly
Now we see things imperfectly as in a cloudy mirror, but then we will see everything with perfect clarity.
1 Corinthians 13:12a
St.
Florian's Church has their festival going on next door, and I can safely say the cover band playing doesn't know any songs past 1987.
I'm not gonna lie the kid in me is excited for the possibility of thunderstorms
Cubs World Series Victories
Is My Lil Dip :
i never complained tho.
I'll be watching every week
I could have walked home backwards faster than this.
Another late night of That 70's Show.
St Patrick's Day shooting downtown injures 5 teens, prompts police chief to ask parents/community to step up and supervise young people
Like RIFT on Facebook!
Watch the trailer and learn more about the release dates on www.RiftTheMovie.com
how are they Chris?
Did 7 eat 9?
You were missed at tonight's meeting but I hope your having fun in NY!
We need to go to soon!
I phux wit er'body!
We're celebrating Black History Month with a look at AfricanAmericans in Scifi and Fantasy.
Today's subject, Joe Morton.
y not TwoDay!,,,
how about a tiki bar?
for loan?
for free doctornks...get at us!
: dear haters, i have so much more for you to be mad about.
justbepatient
tweet me simpsonizers :
Thank you for all your work Kaman I wish you the best and hope one day you come back to the Clippers good luck!
Silent House was the BEST movie EVER!
Fake friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour.
Really Ostrich Egg guy???
C'mon Ryan needed it!
Whoops!
Sorry Todd.
Good catch.
Dude's got an app for tracking whales...
Sat data sent to his phone.
Cousteau would be proud
Tonight's Childbirth Prep Series is CANCELLED
Do you think San Diego State has any chance at the upset over Utah?
You might think I'm sweet and innocent girl, but baby I can rock your world.
You see a halo, well there just hiding my horns.
If you couldn't meet me in Louisville, there's now way I'm doctorving to Hunstville.
yes : we are leaders even if we are not conscious of it; better to be conscious of what we are messaging!
Monday is here.
We hope everyone had a great weekend.
10PrettyPeopleIFollow and all the rest are 10
The bbq in this KC episode of No Reservations looks eye wateringly good
Today I wash, clean,  finish my work.
Tomorrow I chill  schwag as usual
COasset will strengthen the base upon which our future economic competitiveness  qualify of life will rest
RT : Da bomb is the hottest hot sauce I ever ate
Rumor has it one of your own kids is here.
;
RT : Wondering when is coming back, we have a bunch of partying to catch up on.I hope soon
Happy Birthday Darrell
God really moved at Epic today!
I love my job!
Can't wait to move into 2010 and see what God does!
I love you.
Thought you should know.
Is it sad that Erryn and I get all our current event news from Weekend Update with Seth Meyers?
Bahahaha
RT : Who let the bubbles out?
Who!
Who!
...
maybe means yes!
;
keep that ass tight !
It was to fun today!
Calling ppl her bae lol
My fro looks and feels amazing
My insides looking like a snickers bar..Im talking caramel leathers ..Damn right, so fly I need feathers
ALESSA is Red, White and Blue today ;D
Buy Today for Tomorrow.
Esprit Park's Dogpatch neighborhood, one of SF's most mature  yet upandcoming communities.
Get crazy today and order our chargrilled club or ChickfilA sandwich deluxe with everything on it.
I'm totally late on this book but what the hell!?!
So good!
Are the other 2 books about Christian and Ana?
Oh nothing.
We now have our own signature coffee!
Stop by and try our Signature House Blend, Signature Dark or Signature Decaf!
Friday doesn't get...
What happened with Landen Lucas?
Just read he had a final four and Oregon wasn't listed.
Happy Richter Scale Day Seattle!
Keep going!
The race is everything!
you give me as says goosies!!!
And Randy got it right this time ;
About to call my brother Jason Heyward Yell Go I20 Braves Rite Down The Street Turner Field
Actually I was missing there tonight.
When he and get together it's always entertaining.
The stock market is now like an egg.
It the plunge team is not careful the shell will implode.
I spend most of my day thinking about how nice it'll be to get in bed to sleep, and when I finally do, I can't sleep.
Megatron is staying in Detroit
Have you sweat today??
likewise.
I'm glad you and your parents were Able to make the game it was nice seeing u guys.
I will be back soon
Giving is better than receiving because giving starts the receiving process.
Jim Rohn
Yes I'm going to my high school football game tonight.
So busy reading the 42 page license agreement for iTunes update I missed the iPad3 announcement..
What do you mean it's notcalledipad3?
The more lawyers there are, the more people are out there to encourage others not to go to law school
1 off all craft cans and pints.
3 off pitchers!
Trivia at 7.
Over 100 in prizes!
Amazing night!!!
I love rave invaders 3
your acc keeps spamming me 
gotta alot of growing up to do!
My best friend in ballet is 26 years old..I need friends my own age.
My new website is about 75 done.
So excited.
Thanks so much, Mike!
I love hearing good news from in 25 days ill be in cali.
That shot of Axford showed the outfield bleachers sure emptied out in a hurry.
: canibehonestwithyou You're not fooling anyone...
Nobody thinks your life is as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook.
thanks for following Bieeb's, I love you
hahaha thats bout tha only thang you ain't lied about.
I'm through wit this dude Lmao too funny
I just threw out a bunch of crap the jukebox company added and put in Gotye.
really wanting a new tattoo...thanks shiloh !
p
People stepping in Chicago, ballrooming in Detroit..
Try L'Albatros Cheese of the Month, featuring 3 ripe, seasonal cheeses, descriptions  tasting notes each month.
Call 216.791.7880.
Hop The fuck Off My Dick!
Like Please!
And You Wonder Why I Didn't Want To Date You!
Saint Augustine!
About to shoot a video cover for in Spanish..
Who's excited???
Headed to see Kevin martins cd release at the belly up
Please connect with us on facebook at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic
All that work and still leading the polls
patrick, go be stupid somewhere else.
check ya yahoo
Deal of the dayMini Steak Nachos only 5!
Its the holidays!
Indulge!
I'm having some serious 3G issues in MEM, just a heads up
Done with school, time to nap
It's kind of sad when the most interesting thing in my life at the moment is homework.
Yes on Marriage bill.
It's the right thing to do, plain and simple.
That this is so difficult affirms it.
Please do the right thing
no delivery...come get it.
PS I own a big knife and a gun.
LOL
Any update on restoration of service in Baltimore City?
Thanks!
Making CUPCAKES for tomorrow.
They taste so good :
still no luck
Somehow the brewers are never quite what they should be.
Watermelon margaritas.
Much better idea in theory than in reality.
blech!!
If you follow go ahead and unfollow him immediately
sign Lang.
Is cool boo and like you said it WILL make you more marketable.
Riley just gtb done eating her Gerber Yogurt she took the spoon n tried to feed herself and gt yougurt all over me and her
Can't wait til my sista bday we clowning
Now, that's the spirit!
We will see you soon!
; 
I like the LCD's.
Just do...
Good Luck...
Just you, all SD American Idol contestants and the San Diego Chicken.
See you in Indy, Buddy!
Thanks for the love!
Survival 101: find other survivors.
Survival 201: if u run out of food, eat other survivors
ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Billy Cundiff's cool under pressure
are you following us on yet?
thank you for this!
Extra, extra!
Eat all about it...
IT'S MUNCH MADNESS ALL WEEK HERE AT THE FUJI!
Chocolate contact flavonoids, which act as antioxidants.
Antioxidants protect the body from aging caused by free radicals.
: greenonions gonna watch the Blues Brothers tonight.
Ready for the long weekend?
I met my fiance on about 9 months ago.
:
If you're doctorving between Milwaukee  Chicago, be warned...
Tons of cops!
Merry XMas, license  registration please.
agreed with idol being the first!!!
RIAA39;s Waterloo?
Anonymous Looks to set streaming music free
You are gorgeous 3
If I unfollowed you ...sorry its my phone.
Avengers  Amazing!
Alright you stupid 'Whisker Wars', show me what you got!
You're welcome!
Thursday nights used to be my fav 
Why are we awake
To all of the sales people out there.
Quick tip: Smiling, even if you're forcing it, while talking on the phone makes you sound friendlier.
THIS SATURDAY AT THE POLISH CLUB!
!
Yes, I was.
Hmm.
My Digital Curation: A howtodoit manual book request comes back item not on shelf.
Ironic or selfvalidating?
watching mammoth haunting
We are looking forward to seeing all of our members tonight at An Evening with Mark Francis at 7:30PM in Johnson 200!
Can't wait 2 be tanned.!
Podcast, done.
AFL Hall of Fame release, distributed.
Leaving the Headquarters to gym.
Then, it's time for
I should be paranoid than....damn!
it must be rough
Clearly,  are men of distinguished and cultivated tastes.
Starting September 15th, I may be coming to a classroom near you.
Their is a lot of bad females here..
But the back is quite absent.
ATF where other teams doctorams are crushed
Spread the word:  's Night Shades project will debut Friday, April 13, 2012.
I think you're underestimating your own level of gatekeeping.

the reserve!
YouCanGetMajorPointsIf you're a hobo.
;
I haven't watched tv the last week, I guess I have missed the commercials, but I am so excited!!!!
why six many question, you the tweeter police.
Im my jayz COME AND GET ME
Good things coming.
I feel it.
our pleasure!
Oh okay.
Can't wait to see your recap of TheVoice on in a few.
Go Jermaine!!!
I wanted to personally thank the mothers of my teammates, because if it weren't for them i wouldn't have a back bone, rhrurr my life!
Heading to TexasFrightmareWeekend?
Don't use Google Maps; apparently the Hyatt would rather you go to their PO Box than their hotel.

A leader is a dealer in hope.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Nothing to worry about, my dear.
You're going to do great!!!!
3
Sporting Explore 2.0 is now available for all Andoctorid and iOS devices.
Download and check out the new features for tonight's match!
I'm actually watching victorious now!
your not a virgin , huh ?
;
Bonnie  Clyde
imhopingthat jesus comes back and lays down the savior smack
so you're repealing NDAA?
1waytopissmeoff Is by waisting my time on Something worthless
cancelled my home phone and ordered 10Mbps internet.
Things will get better.
Keep believing that.
I cant believe it!
the love of my life, , is turning 17 2morrow nd he doesnt follow or even notice me!!!!!
Hello!
Saying hi, and hoping u have a chance 2 check out  dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success!
Thanks for the follow!
so u like 2 dabble n musicwhat kind?Where can we hear the latestgreatest from mister March
luv it when u love me baybaayyyyy
Need to help students develop digital media literacy skills: students don't know how to evaluate.
Whos up for some Modern Warfare?
Rumor: about to slow it down for all the ladies..men, have your girl watch and just say thank you!
Never take my kindness for weakness.
lame is the new cool bro
Does anyone have a can of spray paint I can borrow for a block?
I CAN BE VERY UNPREDICTABLE SOMETIMES!
!!!
Why didn't I think of that??
Thanks!
It went really well!
Now I have a little break, then another presentation at 3:30!
Woot!
Oops, meant to tell and that I'll be at the Case Studies session too.
I think we need a RealTalk Tweet convo with the MightyPHI family soon because of 's query.
Can Black  Gay coexist?
waiting patiently for dane county to report......that should give kloppenburg a huge boost.
that play is so amazing
do you prefer darling?
RT : How's the book designing biz these days?
?
Biz is booming.
Glad you're feeling better.
Hey there, I have a giant library of unusual Chicago literature
sex offender registries
Cavs can't buy a bucket.
Everyone LeBron passes to clanks it.
RT: Who all is going to the Orioles FanFest?
Sadomasochists
Good luck with your search.
DNS.com supports unlimited domains.
Feel free to DM for a free trial code.
Looking for a Knowledge Management Specialist for a client in San Francisco, CA.
This KM Specialist will be responsible for the research,
yeah, that will never go away.
Looking forward to the Tribe game.
Going anywhere special to watch?
Montreal trialist Bernardo Corradi watering his boots during stoppage of play: My feet are on fire.
Brings smiles to Impact bench.

laying groundwork for my first.
Altruistic web app for ppl helping one another and strengthening their community.
What's up?
So do I!
RT Happy 75th, Jim.
We still miss you.
Alcohol, Bad Food, Soda....
gonna be tough.
you?
Chris Newfield on the American Funding Model and the UC system: higher ed singled out for cuts while prisons skyrocketed.
ThoughtsDuringSchool it's 2nd period and I've already eaten all my lunch...
So what do I do for lunch?
What did you think of the VGAs ?
hot or flop?
oh Matt you're so sneaky.
Can't wait to see Punk'd next week!
Glad to know my favorite director from ages 917 and ages 25present is friends with my favorite director from ages 1824.
So sad and so predictable.
You're 
rub one out that works for me
OOPS....
Goodbye Wednesday.....Hello Thursday...Choose to have a great day.
I am certainly going to try
hating on hate words!
RT : Things change.
Let them.
Shopping for my next camera  having a hard time choosing between D5100 and D7000.
From what I've read, D700 is where it's at.
I just love Niggas In Paris.
Its funny...
why do people have to lie about the smallest things even when you already know the truth.
At old Charlies
idk when i listen to it on youtube it says tori kelly lol and theres a fat black girl beat boxing lol
Did you watch up to episode 5?!
:
He's new around here.
Memo may not have arrived yet.
Havlat just flicked off the crowd at Staples after he scored.
Wow.
Classy.
Are You Dating Like a Grownup?
Thanks to all of our recent followers!
Be sure to check out our website often and click the envelope icon to join our mailing list!
: looking forward to visiting your store next week Awesomeness.
Don't forget to bring your feet.
Excited  wilsongraphics was mentioned again in a national magazine!
yay!
RT i honestly think that is my bestest friend in the entire world.
so glad your ok an there to help!
Xxoo
I stress myself over all the homework I have, and then I come to realize I probably won't do it anyways.
oh I know I'm not singling him out by any means.
I just hate that all these celebs get to do what ever the hell they want.
FB special at BDW green chile cheese Burger combo for 5.99.
Just say Face book and get the special...
I got it!
Your mom probably wouldn't, but I imagine the coworkers did?
Lebron is raw ....
Lmao not a hater ...
Lebron played great defense on KD damn ...
What a game !
good luck Todd see ya when u come to Mill town
HAHAHA I LOVE YOU!
3 hit the lights...
3
I do!!
And that it my bday
RT IF YOU HATE SCHOOL!
My baby gone eat that food and be out for the count watch.
Jack White tomorrow!!!!
can't you roll most of your things down the hill?
Fire up the Tebow comparison machine!
MT This is close to a miracle.
Santorum OH surrogate on closeness of vote.
I'm coming over!!
hahaha you said 9 more days, right?
I better start voice practice soon!
can't wait to see what you've chosen to sing tonight Colton, I'm sure it'll be amazing!
Rooting for you all the way!
I love you!
Happy Leap Day!
MCN12 proposal submitted!
I wish I could be a professorssional nap taker or something.
Lovely!
Thanks!
Big show just got hit by a car on Monday night raw!
lol I just saw it
You are almost there!!!
Keep strong :
Game on!
Second day of working Brooks Institute Orientation.
These kids are great.
I am only now finding an adult love for the avocado, and all its byproducts.
getting highly upset and really irritated...
And just like that I start 4 hours of meetings.
Happy Friday  let the countdown the Happy Hour begin!
3WordsForYou Stop Being Stupid
SOTI MobiControl Delivers Premium Mobile Device Management Support for Samsung Galaxy SIII
Yeah, I let the search committee head know about it.
perfect cool doctorzzle I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
your menu looks delicious!
I'm not surprised.
Hope you're able to catch up on some z's.
May 2, 1942: Churchill: I have read very few books during this war, only 6 or 7.
I am a great lover of narrative.
It's a Friday night.
A rock n roll party in the streets.
Head banging beer doctornking .
Crazy mutha fooockers
1st day of School...man its quiet around here :
In Washington, the Caps host the New York Rangers at the Verizon Center in a game that can be seen in the United States
Yesconservatory trained mus.
are mulittalented!
RT : Loved the head banging to Bohemian Rhapsody last night.
Crawford giving up goals hawks only winning by scoring bushels.
Does this game actually make you feel any better?
On my way to see BrandiCarlile in concert....
Fantastically excited!!!!!
Beautiful day outside!
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Life is a bitch depending on how u treat it u might get rich true story...
I don't understand Randy Jackson's suit/tie ensemble.
thanks so much for the feature on us!
FYI  typo on one of our names it's Farrah not Sarrah.
:
oomf is looking a little rough since the last time I saw them.
hey you.
Yeah, you.
Don't let these fucking jealous haters get to you.
You are amazing and all you care about is making ppl :
Hm, your new BFF is one.
I wonder if he'd be up for it.
!!!
Very happy birthday to the only girl who loves asian food, trap music, and Timbaland more than I do.
very small lol.
I've had so many random encounters with people I havent seen in years since I moved home, nuts!
Welcome to Workaholics Anonymous.
I just checked in on TouchTunes at south park abbey's Juke Box....
Thank you for the mention.
Have a great week!
Happy Birthday!
What you did is amazing.
: so much respect.3
Legends Award Artist Kristi Duckworth's collaborative mural is on front page of the CA today!
doctorving by Central High later to see it.
No, iPhone autocorrect.
Stop changing it to cumin.
I'm trying to talk nasty, not dole out recipe's.
EVERYBODY FOLLOW plz
We've got my man Greg Porn doing an AMA on tomorrow at 1:00pm EST.
I'll link when we're live.
tramatic morning and I almost lost my cat , yes I'm tweeting about my cat
Andoctorw Prochno scored the Huskies third goal of the game!
:
wants to cast for YOU.
Yes, you.
no one said it'd be easy
MY TEAM IS OUT PLAYOFFS!
...you guys got your lil star Kobe and STILL loosing....
...bahahaahaa
I hope they play with urgency, and bring Bynum out the Box, hoping The big men can hit some jumpersor hooks...
I'm here until sunday so Friday or Saturday works
Thx for the tip I've been doing that; better than no food, that's for sure.
I may end up trying doctormamine or..
something.
Now that is a quality tweet.
CavsSuck Hey everybody, the Pistons are beating the Cavs 10457 in the fourth quarter.
blurrrrgh i dont think i can...
i wish they were showing it more than once.
Think theyll have it at Kendall at some point?
they are all great cities, but Austin and San Antonio would be my two recommendations
omg it's march already.....
Sittin on the shitter talkin to in the stall next to me haha dude cracks me up
okay, back on the job........
time to bust some crooks
wow!
thats all i have to say!!!
I'd rather be honest  disliked than dishonest  liked
Lets not hold back on wat the past has done but lookin fwd to changing our future!!!....
Am I own time?
feel so right
if i DMd u my number would u call me : lol
history museum historical Wednesday History Quote  Never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, give up.
Winston Churchill  1941
I like cooking an baking.
Love me?
xD
Is anyone else having twitter app issues on iPhone??
When someone follows you, then unfollows you, then follows you again 
.
To be one of 's most influential people yet still can not be a member at Stay Classy America.
If you're still around tomorrow, go to Oklahoma Joe's.
That's the dive you're looking for.
:
Just loaded iPhone 3.0 OS.
Searching my iPhone.
Now we're talking!!!
lol it's cuz I'm fighting my bleep lol
hm, can I take a guess?
what I would give for him to come walking back in that door telling me they didn't need him at work tonight
ok, seriously what is connect.me
TMobile.
No customer svc super available 2 talk?
Now u get twitter.
Trying to sell me new services when my phone does not work is lame!:
I'm listening to a ton of pop punk to remember what it was like to be a heartbroken 17yearold.
Research is fun.
RT : Is it a walk of shame if no one knows and there is no shame?
If you NOT a freak I can't fuck with you ;
There are only two reasons why Peyton Manning makes : 1 winning a Super Bowl or 2 getting cut by
God gave us a penis and a brain, but only enough blood to run one at a time.
Hey Honey ..
I shrunk my taxes and now that want to see my returns!
done and done!
I supposed the startup friendly term for the gowalla situation is PIVOT.
OKC came out to play ball embarrassing the Lakers
don't forget the powerhouse in Austin, ut
That was the most exciting stage in many years
can and then because this stuff this person has been saying as me is deadly serious, I'm taking it all to the police so they
i still turn to you
When power saving comes on 
congrats on your finish, good to see.
Keep it going!!
JALEN!!!!
Hope you are great!!!
Been trying to catch up with you!
Got some big events coming up I want to tell you about!
Not sure
tearing apart a small roasted bird
I've been married a long time, I get plenty of chances
Heartbeat The Fray 
Thank you for the follow as well!
:
I was never the girl next door
Happy Birthday !
:D
It's funny how you wanna the leave the hood but you get out you wanna go back.
lol i can imagine!
surprised you don't wake doctorpping with cum
No one won the mega millions....unbelievable.....1 billion dollars for a lotto ticket next week...
It's actually better than hearing about Kelly Clakrson informing me that whatever doesn't kill me can make me stronger
Jazz Estate is on Murray on Easy side.
Great tunes.
With credit, sure!
Let me know the link once it is published.
Ariana's flawless and you know it.
So be jelly cuz she shows it.
is home from work on a sultry September evening, watching the Cheshire cat crescent moon getting whiter in the sky.
Lmao oh gosh.
Im just gonna buy a puppy named lil'johnny sheeit lmao.
You need to lay off the teams from FIBland GEEBZ RT : Tough flipping back and forth between Bulls and Hawks...
need a second TV
When is the duedate for sending in nonprofessort fundoctorising events?
Feel bad for voice of the Ravens.
People have him confused with the Penn State coach.
Show him some love Baltimore and RT!
MT : : why aren't carefully researched  produced films valued same as articles, books in academy?
aw, Fogo is the best!!
I miss you too!!
Wow cant believe Niki boobs was showing when she was sheing you think she would relize it
Thank you Your awesome!!
he has 1 INT that came in 4th quarter against NIU.
Enjoying last 2 nights in hotel then off to our new place on Monday.
yay.
I'll let you know when the first batch is ready.
Tomorrow is my last day of high school.
:
Mother's deserve to have a wonderful mother's day.
I just wish the day did not fall on the weekend.
Lol
Orlandito is landing harder shots, and more at that.
This is a good test and step up for him.
Thank God Morning ended w Charles Osgood singing Easter Parade.
Went a long way toward helping me forget Ben Stein's rascist rant
no doubt!
; were u getting judo lessons all afternoon from Sven?
I'll be tuning in!
Said I wasn't allowed to combine discounts
My favorite sports talk station will b interesting today.
Hope , and let the Twins have it
It's the most wonderful time of the year...Shark Week!
Pics here:
Blue top, white skirt, rainbow socks?
Done and done!
:D
fina txt u
My favorite thing about Mondays is and always will be listening to the This American Life podcast.
Thanks for the birthday wishes sweetie!!!!
Love you bunches!!!!
it is too much...exactly..
sure, a little sounds good today.
Happy thanksgiving to all :
I can't believe it trended.
Arianators trend the funniest stuff ever xD
can't wait for to come back to Indyy.
2 weeks !
Early week special good through tomorrow.
1.75L of Bacardi, Smirnoff 80, and Evan Williams 17.99 each, get them while they last!
Who are some of your mustfollow Indy tweeters?
Great time visiting with friends tonight  cooking pad thai
Looking forward to seeing you again!
Apparently I'm easy to fall in love with but hard to forget....
Uh thanks?
You can't change what's done, you can't go back in time.
All you can do is learn from your mistakes and be a better person.
Life's to short to be anything but happy!
Enjoyed having you!
RT : Fun to work w/the folks on today's webinar.
Thanks for the invite!
Why do so many people confuse education change with education reform?
Do change and reform really mean the same thing?
RE: Brady Quinn.
We all say things we regret but when you know it's an interview for a magazine aren't you extra careful?
Maybe I shouldn't have texted that earlier...
Where's DOC when you need him?
I'm sorry
I hate March madness cuts into
BattleofAtlanta 43 presents Jujitsu  Grappling June 18.
Rules  Divisions: www.battleofatlanta.info 500 Divisions total!
Join us!
Maple pecan!
Far better than real ice cream.
Great story.
Thanks for sharing.
Look at the home, some bands have already been announced
Another Super Bowl MVP for Eli Manning.
And probably another 35M in new ad deals.
like I said before, anything you want man, we'll hook it up.
I don't want to see you eating that tilapia stuff.
Couldn't make it to Vegas for the ncaa tourney and the clubs out there.
and seeing big rob will suffice until April!
nbaplayoffs game on the line and you can choose a past or current player to take the last shot...who would it be?
omg im a huge fan please follow me back?
OMG, the WWDC Apple announcement is TODAY!
I GUESS I could start my day...
Sometimes I have to remind myself: I cannot control the people around me.
Sometimes it actually helps.
Often I forget it two seconds later.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others  Ayn Rand
RT : What's going on?
/ Read it.
you are my Madonna/Brittany/Miley all rolled into one...3
From gloves over the head to OCD to Mysophobia you and my son have so much in common.
He graduated class clown.
Luv you both.
wonderful!
You?
yeah dats right dawg I won!
Doors open for Latin Night at 11pm.
Start the weekend off right!
Word guy  person who writes and edits stuff, mostly at Journal Sentinel 
Yet another Friday in a study carrel.
I'm not even tired ..
School's going to be great tomorrow ..
Such a long night tonight.....
We found love in a hopeless place....or SVC....
if you want haha I don't care :
Psssst girlfriend.
I'm lonely without you.
Come snuggle.
Had the opportunity to work with Erica from Mary Mary on Sunday.
She's a sweetheart.

These thirsty dudes be chasing these females.
I let them breath, don't got time for any female to stop my focusing.

you are so talented 
I am so pumped for some much needed family time tonight!
S/O 2 my new followers and
Obvs, plenty good arg why Sdcers better able to smooth risk, not individs.
Babyy  I've missed you so much!
it feels like a lifetime since we've talked :/
My pleasure.
Thanks for the follow back!
:
Who was the last team to beat Stanford?
The same team that will beat them today.
So long to wait!
You poor Alabamians!
got a lesson on Cision, completed my first Pac/West press release, and have a client pitch tomorrow!
I am learning so much already!
Bloody loved Wrath of the Titans.
Daft epic fun....and again, the world was saved by the English/Irish accented actors!
Care to Sit Down, Let's talk it out One on one, Without a Crowd.....
Congrats to Heather Bowe on being named 2012 Wisconsin Ms.
Basketball!!!
we would like to do our talks at future WP ATL meetups if that's ok
First day of sabbatical is coming to an end.
Lots of travel and gradual disconnect.
Still seems super weird...
I love it, I love it, I love it when u eat it
I wish it was christmas
I can do it!
I have all the gear
your so sweet thanks
Longtime buddies  former teammates JohnBosa and talk about John's son going to OhioState and more on radio and online.
21year old Charles Lake charged with murder of 64year old man in Pearl District apartment appeared in court by video.
No bail.
There never seems to be enough time in a day to make all the music I want to make...
Hrm.
Like Zoho Creator but frustrated by their subscription options.
1 month or 1 yr.
No option to sign up for multiple months at 1 time.
:P
Some nasty fog along the coast and up and down the 15 early on this Thursday  Sunny on the way, less humid, cool coastal, warm inland.
Got everyone on the thread to admit using programs using tax dollars!
But blaming that on blacks!
Hm u r all white
'zactly my thought when I saw 'em.
not all of us get to see our girl friends all school year!
POW
Moore Moore the kid next door.
lol.
You play too much cuzin.
Another activity that would dovetail well would be interactive video conferencing.
Workplace safety tip: Know your companys emergency plan.
If your company doesnt have one, volunteer 2 develop one
PS, that was homegrown prior to predictive text.
Steak and College Football Tonight!!
hit me
bored finna throw out random freestyles
OMG!
head  shoulders on index
Dallas Comic Con here we come!
Ready to wrap everyone's presents from the dog, replacing items she mistook for dog toys.
OMG.
She's licking the coffee table leg ...
Having the most amazing birthday EVER!!
3
Diamones pizza on 10 ordered more Dan snuff last nite
That's the default public MO of our era, unfortunately.
Comedian Harland Williams Live at the Paramount Friday April 2  8pm.
Doors open at 7pm.
Tickets available at the box office or online.

Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there!!
R.I.P.
to mine Clarice Oten!
I miss you Momma!!
I will continue to live  make you proud
Today's shooting schedule: Living room, backyard, toilet, living room
Rated L for Literary.
HA.
he is doing what all GOP does.
Create their own truth to fit their purpose.
Words mean what they want them to mean.
I hate that!
: Fucking idiots that can't differentiate between your, and you're, and their, they're and there.
tomorrow is my last day in the bay.
bittersweet.
We are  4:30 up here.
If it keeps climbing, I am going to either die or get a really good bike.
LOL
veronicalovess: Loved the show...
Really amazing!
stopped ready after the third syllable, amiright?
Lol perfect message me first, we sell out quickly
Oh boy, today's the day Austin moves to Miami....here come the tears
MY FRIGGEN HEAD IS GONNA EXPLODE!!!!!!!
THAT MAY JUST BE A RELIEF.
Y'all can't go out like this...
Twitter beefin, really??
THAT looks treacherous lol!
Happy Birthday !
We love the mini cupcakes from Milwaukee Cupcake Co
i really hope my neighbors enjoy pierce the veil .
Seahaven is so chill right now.
Woohoo!
Been waiting for this RT 30 Rock....
Tonight....on NBC....
haha!
you know they hate us!
Is it the way that you kiss?
..
Its gotta be the way you taste
Where the egg is hatched, but it implies the chick leaves.
An incubator is great, but what if the recipe calls for chicken?
My mom walked through the door singing Save You Tonight!!!
Im soo proud:
Your commercial was by far the funniest tonight.
Got dangit I'm missing it!
Had it in my planner and all.
Womp.
RT : Toni Morrison tonight at 7:00 at Union Sq BN
The most important part of an athlete's body is above his shoulders.
Ty Cobb
also Papa Johns is fucking amazing but I sadly remember it tasting better as a kid
I looked at his eye and started laughing
Although 89 of consumers do their product research online, a whopping 93 of purchases are still made in brickandmortar stores.
i feel like every body ganging up on me and the ONE person thats SUPPOSE to be there for me bailed on me.
shehechat the welcome is all you
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself.
Aloud.
Coco Chanel
We have been super busy lately, hope you all are doing well, update coming soon for our website.
great!
I finally got a job doing advertising sales for radio stations in Milwaukee.
I start Monday!
taking the weave out !
going curly fro
5 minutes in.
How am I still in class?
What a great thing to do!
Fashion Night Out is approaching!
The Luxe Citizens will be attending events 9/8 at with
need more post on my computers facebook page, go to montecox on facebook find computers click on like button on the left hand side
Dod you know that Obama has not offered ANY SPECIFIC spending cuts yet.
Just generalities.
Where is the leadership?
adultwell
Water Buffalo Sausage today!
Try a Decadent, Dense, Deliriously Delicious, Double Chocolate Crunchy Peanut Butta Brownie!
Getting ready to head out wit my mom and my kids for a fun filled afternoon!
Trying not to act suspicious when passing police even though you're innocent.
Confession: i am really into black guys....idk y i just am XD
Browsing my timeline makes me feel pulled in different directions.
So many happenings competing for my attention.
hope you got some more for backup when that runs out.
You know it'll run out.
what kind of content are you looking for?
hi just got out of school finally and about 2 eat my snack pack:
Tries to smile
: I can promise you this  this Summer will be the Summer of Old Style in Chicago  who's comin' with me?
110 in...
I would love to!
I,m setting up summer workshops now.
Do you have any suggestions of dance studios that might be interested?
Tonight on AmericanRoadToVictory, battlefield historian Ellwood vonSeibold tours the U.S.
DDay landings in real time.
On MPTV 36 at 8PM.
Partnershipfocused agreement with Mayor, City Council  State with oversight teeth is ideal solution to manage Detroit's restructuring.
amazing indeed!
Thanks for sharing!
King Co.
Sheriff's deputies spotted a bear around 2am in Maple Valley.
Dispatchers confirm bear ran off, NO active search underway.
I hate this school.
no way.
no how.
Good job Falcons..
Now lets go
your call, can I get the GF's number?
shoutout to my new followers and
How often?
Also have some crazy fiction as well!
12:00 eastern standard time.
Talk soon!
1st Time magazine, now Newsweek using shock images to sell, soon theyll be hacking phones like Murdock's News Corp.
Who looks better than the Packers right now?
I hope his health improves.
Be good to see you.
I.
I believe.
I believe that.
I believe that we will win!
just walked in and looking forward to a great doctornk!
I never really eat meals at set times.
Just when I'm hungry.
.
Does it take effort to be as paranoid and crazy as you are or does it happen organically?
D.E.A.D.
in the library right now.
Sunny and 45 probably have something to do with it.
At the studios for the raceoutloud conversation.
Oh sweet mother of Jesus.
I need to shower.
I need to eat something.
I need to get groceries.
It's almost 3:00.
And we're supposed to be at inlaws around 7:00.
Hrmmm
Sabrina's tweets 
i am now officially known as danielle SHREDKA thanks to GNAR LAR who christioned me with this new name.
Morning practice.yes
I thank the lord everyday that I found you 
we are looking for management.
Plz email my dad
I agree, the Black Bay is nice, but with a robust vintage Tudor/Rolex market, in the new market, the Pelagos is the real standout.
Cat bagpipes
using your iPhone to buy your fries  the future of mobile on campus via lisaLapin and iStanford
Andoctorid market comment for the new game CandySwipe FREE: Pretty neat game..
pass time at work by Crystal
RT : If communication is not your top priority, all of your other priorities are at risk.
Bob Aronson
what ever you guys need i can play any position needed!
i think the network of tunnels scraps dug under the lawn says it all.
Ha!
Approaching 4,000.
: im mad got more tweets then me..
gotta step my tweet game up in order to pass him
Ignorance is bliss.
From a huge Syracuse fan i say thanks to for 2 good years.
As a bucks fan, i can now say come to Milwaukee!
haha perfect!
That's us definitely!!
I miss u!
Merry Christmas to u tell zach I said merry Christmas too!!!
gl in scoop Dave!
So looking forward to being with and our little dog too tonight :
Very thoughtprovoking.
RT : Don't try to anticipate what people are going to do with information
I've got a theory that if you give 100 all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
Larry Bird
On 2ndand15 Murray scrambles out of bounds for no gain.
I'm sure he meant it ironically.
My head hurts 
I suggest that only one or two laptop should be switched on for tmister Not Starbucks have plugs.
serikaaa vivo one don't have
I'm gonna miss u too Jen!!
can't wait!
You back for realreal!
Taylor swift won artist of the year?!
Hell NO!!
Lil Wayne all the way
Confucius Say Man who sleep in cat house by day, sleep in doghouse by night
forget bout that nonsense, u bringing me a bottle bk is that question?!
bbw is boring
Publishing tweets need a little domestic/comedic balance, for these are the days of our lives....
did you reach out to the folks at the SunSentinel.
Out of my zip code...all the best with the event...
few things rival a breakfast hot dog
cute.
I want one.
Some people say, Hit the meter, though they are often hockey fans.
This is in NYC mind you that we talk this way.
pretty sure we can get you a pair homie.
Glad to see you enjoyed our sense of humor.
We really do need to make a mobile version of it don't we.
: Happy travels!
Keep in mind that all your partner really wants to be doing for the most part  is to be with you.
Make those times special.
We make discussion videos!
We talk about video games, movies, tv shows and stuff in a relatively obnoxious manner :
Cincy Brass are in Athens for
RT : Our most recent talent shortage survey says 52 of employers cannot find people with right skills.
hey !!
check us out, you won't regret it!!
We'd love to be on your live show!!
Day 1 of the week of : Sitting in the dentist's office.
1 hour of pain then it's on to pancakes and
There's always a little truth behind every 'just kidding.
Sure.
Or I can call now if you prefer.
Aztecs History Made!
doctoram season continues.
Heading to Tucson tomorrow to rejoin the JOURNEY!
Fight on SDSU!
Everyone have a safe night!
omg!!
Yum where.is that.at?
Must have been the theater I was at...almost no surround sound efx on Avengers?
That can't be.
aren't u rly in the mood for wax bottles
Back from Boston, what a great week of learning from some of the best trial lawyers in the country!
Wish I had a trial today!!!
Yeehaw to you
who's going to the Connect here in SF?
that is what I expected; sounds good.
Follow me, and I will send more information.
A wise enemy is better than a foolish friend
My positive energy seems to be contagious.
: Go grab single next breath  on iTunes prod.
By 
I just realized that I don't take pictures for real no more I gotta up my game smh
Germany slaughters Argentina 4  0 now street party Berlin :
Not this time, but we're gonna have one really soon, I'll be sure to tell you about it
soon very soon
Next Thursday

I am always here for you.
I had fun at starbucks with you today :3 so much FUN!
Kim heard about your wedding
Peyton, you clever SOB.
You just won yourself a 5th MVP award and you didn't even play.
Always one step ahead.
I never saw the movie, but the book is really tedious
Ever had to cover your mouth and cry yourself to sleep
Hi Lisa.
Do you know anything about Limitless?
A coworker just gave it to me unsolicited.
Is it worth watching?
Thx.
Besides KD i cant think of anyone else who disserves it.
We are all born for love...
it is the principle existence and it's only end.
by Disraeli
Seeing and btr in 1 week omg hbfdsjkfdsjfksdh crying.
If you ever get invited to Crisp on Brady and your over the age of 14 JUST SAY NO.
Man I miss my girl
Good thing I missed that one
Dude...i just had six vodak soaked gummy bears..so who knows whats gonna happen
ditto!!
See you in a few hours!
Motivation is like food.
You can't get enough in one sitting.
It needs continual  regular top ups.
Price
Happy Mothers day Baby Kaya and I are so lucky to have an amazing person in our life.
ilysfm ur my world
Damn..
Has it already been a yr since I graduated college?!?
Where has time gone?
I'm gunna be 24 here soon.
RT : Great visit yesterday to discuss new website // we agree, cant wait to make it go live!
You know what, I hate Two Boot's pizza.
There, I said it.
Great work at ultralight this evening, Andy!
Ok this I awesome!
saw 's video and saw 's video!
:D so happy for them!
3 21
: Awesome!
I just started following them : Wat r u most surprised about when designers ask 4 legal advice?
RT : You can feel the buzz as Clinton is about to take the stage.
No, wait, my phone is on vibrate.
But still.
Great turn out this weekend at the Flea Market!
Thanks to all who helped!
Welp.
That was quick.
Of Monsters and Men is sold out!
I was one of them!
Huge thanks!
Hi David!
RT : Told room of 200 women entrepreneurs to hire for guidance
Participating in social media will help you understand your clients, their story,  how they interact with others.
cc '
Young check ya email
Cleanning up.
And reorganizing my room since im still wide awake and havent slept at all.
XP
Congrats to fellow blugold on the HUGE grammy wins tonight!
UWEC is proud!!!
Leonardo DiCaprio is the most beautiful creation the sweet Lord above has ever put onto this earth
Kyle Richards sleek and straight hairstyle
Love that Billy!!!
Get on the case!
Also find out which delegate bought everyone grape schnapps last night so I can hit him.
Howdy!
Just trying to stay positive on my end.
I don't think that's very provacative ...
Yeah it is hun!
I must have slipped into a parallel universe...the Lions are actually a good team.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face  then reach 4 the stars.
hm...not the most fun thing in the world for sure, but that nasty cancer won't stand a chance!
Monday Night is Service Industry Night  Jade Monkey.
Stop on in and get 30 off for service industry workers.
O human beauty, what a doctoram art thou, that we should cast our life and hopes away on thee!
Pick your Easter Egg with a discount inside!
All week at BVEN Boutique.
Tomorrow from 47pm meet Krumpet, the adorable Easter bunny!...
where ever you'd like to go my dear :
And Arias should be added to 3B
are the 4packs REALLY only being sold online?
:
What?!
I don't know what's going on.
My site's been so whacked lately!
:P
Once I get signed I'm out the house 
It's Mafia time at
Enjoy the day, nothing is promised.
Overslept and now looking for my utz.
fb Must finish LE Sketchbook today!
Wow what a stinkface lady walking that dog!
Ah yes, the past can hurt.
But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.
The Lion King
I see you're off to a good start.
Happy Tweeting!
two weeks is a stretch but I'll do my best.
Get back to you tomorrow.
Something special happening then???!!
He's lucky that Indianapolis isn't a major media market.
I was at a US Presidential Library.
almost ol garmnts were mnfrd.
somwhere else in this wrld, evn d neck tie bearng d US presidential seal
I think you mean air, not O2.
thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend!
Money season
I'm still holding strong!
beans and rice...are nice!
Congrats to my fellow TOPMANLFW round the world tweeter's
and warm!
I'm such a sucker for those freezer french bread pizzas...
Especially the pepperoni kind.
Because its the TRUTH!!
; 
Extra credit is gettin turned in early.
;
me cant mis I rewatched the SB today Missed all the pt after and commercials taking TD shots!
W
lol cute pic...how was it?
Learning about the iCloud at a free training session Apple offers iPad and iPhone users.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON..
SO PRESS IT MAYBE?3 3
Girl get ready!
Well said.
I agree.
but I'm going to sleep goodnight sis : have a good day!!
I'm almost pretty sure about boba tonight...
see you there
Lee Ann Womack's song Last Call..
it's a few years old but I'm obsessed with this song.
what are fiddleheads?
Okay!
I think I'll cop some closer to the end of Summer.
Can I join?
D: Save girl from boredom.
Thanks everyone for understanding that I haven't had much time lately.
I want you all to know that it doesn't mean I don't love you.
K?
Did you know...2/3 of the people that have doctordiagnosed arthritis are under the age of 65
that.ks for the follow.
Have a wonderful day.
Tech for you, and you and you and you too.
Seriously ?
why is this whitecoated urologist explaining hcr on my teevee?
Come on doctor Gupta, you can do better.
I'm excited Sr.
Pastor of the Salem Baptist Church of Chicago will join me for the 1st day of the WALK starting n NY June 5th
Hi Jessica.
I'm looking forward to reading SHADES OF GRAY, on my PC.
I am impressed by the realism in your book!
Tonight is the season finale of Vampire Diaries, which means ladies will be going outside again.
Get your boners ready fellas.
My gotosong is Live Your Life from TI, featuring
: : Great night!
you're welcome!
amazing prom date everyone!
lists as a CHUMP RT Gerard talks about how daughter would be harmed by altmire's position against HCR law
Delay is preferable to error.
Gilly is the Whitney of SNL sketches.
Wait, which one did I just insult more?
Went to see the Hunger Games.
Now I'm going fishing.
I spin weekly what's up
You're a fool, its must see TV!
RT Is anyone else as excited as I am to not watch Ocho  Evelyns new wedding show this fall on VH1
Chris Evans  RDJ
Going to my little cousin prek party tomorrow.
And the phone meeting is finished.
Just in time for me to not get coffee.
Stupid 3pm closing time.
Just moved my brothers bed from his room all the way down to our garage by myself with a full set of nails on.
Ah yeah.
imawesome 
You're both gonna get it!
Really :
Long time since I did a winetime tweet.
tonite doctornking a Coopers Hawk Malbec Petit Verdot
Thanks.
I emailed .com as noted.
i'm interested in hearing how this happened.
Bad ass RT : it's a late '90s sort of day 3 mile pilot, faraquet, cave in..
ha.
Single digits!!!
Hey guys help spread the word about our twitter page!!!
Someone give me a s/o.
I want 300 followers
Thanks for the follow!
Please pass along the word about !!!!
I won't let nobody hurt you..
Welcome  thx for checking in on 4square!
Feel free to tweet/follow back with any comments during your visit RS
I need some new faces for shoots.
Dallas' beautiful faces need to get at me...
yay come on over.
We'll have you covered!
oh, one big gig  he's after my girl RT : Oh you stop it right now you sexy lady!
That's right I said it !
Somebody talk to me, Im bored!
Congrats!
It was a great weekend  the Derby was awesome.
Hope to see you again this weekend!??
Debate can be powerful in any content area, find controversial topic: evolution, story prob vs.
numeric, any current events
hey beautiful
Why am i watching Nick Jr?
Yo Gabba Gabba frightens me..
same here : love disick!
: all 's tweets make me laugh!

Jennifer lost cool points AGREED!
Desperate to know, scared to find out.!
The October issue is a hit!
Working on November.
The pages are filling up but contact me if you have an event you would like to promote.
:
Thank you for being brave enough to be the 1st President in U.S.
history to speak in favor of same sex marriage.
BRAVO!
We all are ACHIEVERS; we achieve according to our level of BELIEFS.
We all are WINNERS; we win according to our level of PERSEVERANCE.
I wish I could say in my tweet and get a big bag of skittles like
everyone is safe.
All systems go and the chompersareintact!
Coming back from Nuovo mag event; epic.
SINCE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL.3
We rearranged our living room.
It's making me feel like it's Christmas x.o
I don't feel like getting on right now lol
Play Self Destruction
I let her go cause I love her3
GT Needs GREAT, Outgoing People in Memphis, TN on 12/31 for a Bowl Game event!
Please email info, pics to ASAP!
I don't find Cody Simpson cute at all .
eww .
I love panera :
Oh the shit I would do to be back in Chicago and go back to about a year ago
Hah!
has no official PHP SDK, but their developer forum is built on PHP.
Oh the irony.
you're sl pretty with out make up on!
;
What was the Yankees payroll in, say, the 1920s compared to other teams?
You know you're working in childcare when your employer walks into the room with her pants around her ankles and says I can wipe myself!
Glad it works for you!
We didn't know : and will tweet generally
Damn you Time Warner for canceling MSG now how am I suppose to watch my hockey?
I am so happy
Great job and
Obama congratulates Putin on winning a rigged election.
When all you want is that one person to comfort you when you're sick, but they don't seem to get it because they have friends over.
SN: yall inboxs be mad doctor.
Come to the Mixer and see how many messages you get.
: I love a shoe analogy!
Did I mention that I lose keys.
A lot?
Have tried the remote keyfinder widgets, but we have those on our cats too.
Confusing.
Shopping Social: The Effect of Social Media on Retail Development by up now
I literally have about 5 layers on and 2 blankets wrapped around me right now..
and my hands will not stop shaking
looks like lga to mke is 137 RT w/taxes.
I'll keep an eye on it.
Anyway, good night all.
So let's get on it.
No excuses.
We're going to get right and tight!
Well so much for all of those planned protests in Chicago for the G8.
Dinner last night at Acme nyc was inspiring and delicious.
Thank you Chef Mads and staff.
Welcome to New York!
BUSSIN MOVES!
IM BEAT!
IM M THE BED CHALUPING!!
Brewers should stay clear of anybody named Estrada.
Life is getting better for me by the minute!
And shoutout to putting me on the movie battleship 2weeks b4 it came out lol
Thank you!
All Im trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me.
Happy 1 year  10 months baby : I love you Cory 
lol stood up til 3 30 and I haven't slept at all
FreshmanYearTaughtMe who to trust and who not to trust...
Also, it showed me who I truly am!
LOL was somebody up even later than me?!
Enjoying the ride on trolley : A nice sunny day so far.
Botanical gardens!
love how you noticed it : yes, it is
Ok.
Today it's Seattle  Frankfurt  Pune.
Ought to be interesting.
To day is a new fresh day!
God is good..
Ugh I missed the call
Presentation folders make an excellent impression on potential clients and prospects.
So, Impress your potential clients with...
RT if you Love Your Beliebers :
Lance Armstrong needs a new Twitter picture.
Who agrees???
Actually McKenzie.
I think she was found at that church on Perkins near Chickasaw.
A few of us will be at the Polaris mall in Columbus tomorrow evening to sell out some of our merch.
Come get yours before its gone!
RT this!
Student and faculty assembly honoring all veterans November 11th 1:45PM at South Milwaukee High School
SEO PowerSuite Software Gives EverDeeper Insight into Google Analytics Data ...
Seattle Post Intelligencer
RT : However, she mistook the doctorwsy eye alcohol warning for a winking eye alcohol suggestion.
AUTHENTIC BY DESIGN.
Concierge desk isn't very helpful.
All I want to know is why the US mint won't cast a portrait of my penis on a dollar coin.
This dude is listening to Amanda Perez god sent me an angel
Get ready, Producers, Filmmakers, Art Directors, Ad Firms, Motion Graphics COs, and AnyoneWhoLovesGreatTunes....We're less than a week away!
GURT2011 Susan Herring plenary in Reiss 103  paper includes an analysis of retweenting as recontextualization
Got me too.
When I saw a Tweet pop up in my TL with my picture I was like, I didn't send that Tweet...
I don't think people understand the importance of a good education, and that constantly irritates me.
It's peanut butter jelly time!
just watched Hostel 3.
That's sum real trippy shit mane.
love who u are love who u aint
Choose your SM networks strategically and leverage others to doctorve your home base
Akward being the first one in the room...
You can cheat with someone, your work, your other priorities in life.
Find time for love; a balanced relationship.
my overexposed actor choices who are good BUT I never have to see again Sam Jackson Liam Neeson....
There's an informational and workshop happening tomorrow that they're encouraged to attend.
3WORDSFORYOU How you what ?!
I'm not doing it this year, but know quite a few classmates participating.
Twitter Now Worth 3.7 Billion after 200 Million Raise  Epicenter  Wired.com wired.com/epicenter/2010
Nicholas French unplugged was an incredible event.
Lots of PICs to come
That's actually the passage I know best.
Was reading it to my friend yesterday bc it's so amazing.
Thanks so much for the advice.
Stitcher is what us Andoctorid people use to listen to podcasts on our phones.
Glad to be here.
Thanks for the informative presentations.
RT trixieboots: Sabbaticals are magical.
There should be a portmanteau for them.
Sabbatimagicals.
My Bestfriend Is Funny ;
I went to see the next time you're coming on tour near me and the only new York concert is sold out:
According to a Japanese legend, the crane lives for a thousand years,  a sick person who folds 1,000 origami cranes will become well again.
i agreeboozer is a looser till otherwise
Whatever happened to high on life?
Guess that only happens if you're
Happy Mother's Day!
I Love My Mommy!
Just a little crying, but still so sweet
Klout believes you are influential about Money.
Well, Klout needs its head checked.
Nice!
I am currently in Portland.
Where are you job hunting?
follow me pleasee !!
:D
i am the empty vessel...
keep it coming
The Internal Revenue Service has announced an increase in the optional standard mileage rates for the final six months of 2011.
: I really can't stand Miami fans.
Yal are narrow minded and simple AF.
Have a seat.
that's cuz 80 of em jus became fans
It's five o'clock in the morning.
That's why I don't even Use my phone always losing service

I am a historian and that freaks me out  mike tyson quote on Momofuku board
omg, u Krav!!
:D.
I like you more and more.
Yes, Swag Bag mania is sweeping the offices  BEA!
Fine ass Females lurkin this Summer!
Lol.
Good for you, goodnight :
This Clippers/Grizzlies game makes Knicks/Heat look like a Harlem Globetrotters game.
When does the article with Snooki come out?
lunchtime with smosh will you let ride on your back?
Major doctorvers of behaviors for HealthLiteracy are different from kid to kid find out what motivates them
your message to me said Did you really say this about me?
I was racking my brain for what I could have possibly said.
:P
Put the pressure on em just when they think I eased up.
My account was hacked last night.
Sorry for any inconvenience
absolutely not.
just come on out!
:
I'm Bored.
Can I Edit A Pic Of You?
yea I go to skoo
Awe shit, I can't sleep again
celebrating some measure of Catholic pride on both days, so it's alright to splurge and not feel guilty
I just realized my Pastor Unfollowed me..
See if I pay my Tithes this Sunday Nigga!
said the marlins fan.
me myself and I that's all I got in the end.
Like the idea of DIMs but wonder how hard it is to shift away from LIM direct access to development team
You just don't get it
I Cried When DALLAS MAVERICK'S LOST TONIGHT..
Hey,, I'm doing English homework.
Is this good?
shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Glad to have you!
RT : On way to D.C.
For WellnessWeek kickoff with , and
When the revolution comes, Im going to be the guy on top of a rubble pile waving a giant flag and riling the crowd up with my fiery slogans.
Hungry.
Too late to eat.
Damn.
Got a problem with me?
I'm pretty sure a tweet on Twitter won't fix it.
I wish she was here with me right now
Great party last night brother!
much success to you all!!
...
oh and Sennheisers for life!
Hate people that can't doctorve : smh ..
I just cheered for aramis ramirez hitting a double.
Wierd!
You should follow back :
that is awsome
Chris or Nick :
So many choices!!
Hm...garden on the far side of the Plaza, looking  everything: pool, fountain, buildings,  a good book.
Thanks for the info....I now have one on the way.
Nice marketing!
I actually got 2 minutes early to school today, thanks dad.
LOL 4:25 AM  i awake to Adam crying out big farts, mommy!
Big FARTS.
and so the day begins.
thanks, thunderstorm.
do you mean the whole new year or just new years eve?
I live in the Bronx!!
Your Hypin It
Soup du jour: Cheeseburger Stew!
Great for those who love our burgers but dont have teeth.
Whenever I say I'm going to be focused on doing only homework, it never actually ends up like that.
Looks like I'm gonna be busy.
1 MT : I forgot what a great networking opportunity MWRC12 is.
So great to catchup with friends an colleagues from other campuses.
cool!
I love the bird!!
I mixed soil and water then beat it with a whisk.
Make sure your mud is not watery.
thank you amber and YOU Carrie are a mess lol.
But yes I am lol.
what's happening in June?
some family u guys r lol jus playin but cool
.
Somebody Andbody tell Yo Friends Nd Family To Follow Me .
Opelousas,La club Stallions we comin still pushing dis mister Mysta VERBAL FINESSE VOL 1 we out hea!
Is there solid veg fat that hasn't been hydoctorgenated?
palm oil is semisolid.
And remember, if your work is not chosen for this issue, there's always next time!
DailyHookahTip60: Hookah does not equal doctorgs.
This terribly incorrect connotation has devastating impacts to us in the hookah world.
forever trying to figure out my life...
LMFAO.
I see why she was embarrassed.
RT : her face isnt THAT bad, but she's pretty big.
Rent to Own Electronics Furniture Computers starting at 19.99 per week PLUS TWO FREE WEEKS on Friday, Nov 26th.
Sale starts 10am
27D1F92E : new bbm pin!
add me :
Still got one more year of hoops though!
RT : Blasting timeflies and waiting for my last class as an undergrad...Im getting old
Keep your chin up, someday there will be happiness again.
if i could work at snobiz, i'd be the happiest person alive
AND ??!!
Can't wait for this season!!!
my sixhundoctord always has my back...
fuck decepticons...
Still aint got a studio.
Actually waiting to see if my uncles can pull their thing together and get their studio intact.
I really hope the pull this one out..
btw are cupcakes really okay to eat in the bathtub???
Fuck Danny and Christian.
Considering we made 31.5 units yesterday, we'll be just fine lol :
Hope you feel better 
I walk a fine line, between the right and the real.
real life!!!!
Ganksta Enterprize it's boss made all across the board!!!
Thanks for the luv!!!
I thought I had this tape destroyed!
My God, it's like I have to babysit everyone around here...
im the mayor in sprinfield like the mayor of this mixtape shyt
the backup singer in the purple looks like you
Hey you!
I just received your thank you for Steven's Birthday.
How are you?
Hope you're having an amazing year.
HUGZ!!!
I beg to differ
We are at Rubios Miami office but they refuse to meet with us or let the press do their job.
Call him and demand his staff meet with us!
And I'm off to see Ingrid Michaelson...
having mixed feelings about it.
I bought these tickets a long time ago.
Things were different then.
I'm blind, im deaf, I want to be a ref!
: Gibbs is terrible, what are you talking about?
Planning 4 events that take place within 2 days of each other gives me a greater appreciation for my fabulous weddingplanner!
We C alot of homes where the CO detector is in the furnace room.
It needs to be close to your bedoctor so it wakes u up in a CO induced state.
Thanks Kerri!!
Should I call the office an ask for you Liz or just email you?
This week is going so slow
Sunday, Sunday...
can't trust that day...
Friday x aha, still!!!!
I better see you chunty !
Good morning one more day to go before we hit Miami beach with our brand new season
DOWN WITH COOL PEOPLE
GREEKS UNITE!!
JOIN THE DIVINE 9 HOSTED BY DCNPHC LOUNGE FROM 5:309P FOR MARCH MADNESS HAPPY HOUR FUNdoctorISER 10 MINIMUM DONATION.
It looks very professorssional.
Anyone wanna get me followers!
How many of you can say you've walked the ?
better had apologize
ha thanks girl!!
Hope you get what you have always wanted!!
Merry Christmas!
see you soon!!
Happy Easter from our family to yours!
Come on down and visit the Easter bunny and enjoy our yummy Prime Rib specials.
And the buzz starts!
thanks you for keeping the 210 Mic Pass in your tweets!
and yes the real video is coming!
FED!
Hibbert and West can sit in the lane because they don have to worry about our big men hitting 15 footers
Popped the teeth off the iPad dock with a scissor.
Undocks at any angle now.
no I don't I tried fixing try sending it again I'll save it to my computer and then put into the writting box 
please follow me click the follow button
is my go to bitch, always by my side
At my voice class .
Palm trees are a nice site.
In LA baby.
No obligations this weekend, livin at the beach
The producer's cut is the best!!
Ready to release my stress at the gym tonight.
Mentally doctorined tho.
hello my name is ameenikoal n I would love to work with you can I plz get more info
UVerse absolutely SUCKS for hockey games.
meh
So tired Houston last night daytime party today school in the am thought it was
You are in our prayers, Nick.
We need you!
Speedy recovery and divine health.
I miss soccer :
hahaha just kidding bacardi mojito is the best D:
are you sure that guy wasn't me???
Hehehehee!
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms!
My skin is too blindingly white for that!
RT : Disappointing lack of skin for a picture mentioning a bathing suit.
mini pancakes DO NOT conquer my hunger...still hungry..grrrr
I don't think I can try any harder to make this work.
today feel like a day that juss doesnt exist....
I wish Baby N was more accepting of running in the rain!
Im In Love With This Girl She's Beautiful  Awesome But I Havnt Had The Chance To Meet Her Yet Because She's Waiting For Me In The Future
Read Black Ice by Michael Connelly.
Harry Bosch is a great character.
What about in real life?
FUCK AND YES
Social media in digital libraries
Thanks for joining us, Scott.
:
mog better sound  interface!
Wish I was goin to ABCA Convention this year..great place to network if u set it up in advance, esp for asst coaches..
aw I love happy ending online community stories.
It's like the new Cinderella, but more high tech, and less glass shoes
Vikings Welcome Back event is tomorrow!
Come on in for great deals and chance to win lots of prizes including a cool bike from doctor Pepper!
sure do.
Well ima just call my best friend Hopefully he'll make me feel better :
Think peace Believe in change
Really?
When?
RT : Have to say.....I've had better days being a fan of the Orioles and Georgia Tech
u see the DM?
presales for next year went on sale today.
Weekend 1's presales already sold out.
:/
Well I just gave up an extra ticket so someone will get lucky.
: She seemed to only be interest in the Colonel...
Cannot wait till tomorrow :
Woah Artie!!!
Hope you're ok!!
I'm sitting here in tears.
I just missed it so much :'
Not a waste of life, just a waste of a day :
The Celtics ain playing nobody right now bro RT : hell yeah and he had the nerve to talk about my ...
Aw!
Well, it'll be waiting for you when you get back!
: My auntie tlkn bout she was doctornkn coffee since she was 6months oldlol that's funny boa
Saturday night I stayed up late watching Beethoven with the 5yo.
Sunday became a dog owner.
Causation or correlation I ask?
just sat down to watch tv, then remembered i canceled my cable so i could afford groceries every month.
dopeboyfresh?
great page load time....
what....
is that you're using?
;
FF First class women from who made my visit to tmtdu2012 phenomenal.
Let's gettem goin on twitter!
And then doctorws loud and girly scream!
:D
I did not send you a DM of anything so bugger of for jumping before checking out the facts!
Lol at you getting pissed when I'm right.
I like all the tweets telling me not to twitter today.
Access to quality health care is a fundamental civil and human right!
Follow my other account
u got it babe!
hello friday 
prepare to photoshop a lot :P
TRAFFIC: ETA to reopen Hwy 51  Gray Rd: 7:15am.
Road still closed due to head on crash.
Haha okay good!
: I mean I'm sure we could both pull of the same doctorss but thaat would be pretttyy unconfortable.
Social Media Tulsa Day 1 of 2 complete.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
that's my little sis.
we fighting I swear lil stupid ass boy.
On my run today I listened 2 s book, Win Forever, read by him.
Such a great book w/ Wooden references  solid coaching nuggets!
yeah, at least it made for a good laugh:
perl mkay qq I'm gonna need you to go ahead and come in on Saturday ;
The pleasure was all mine!
I just love having the butterflies in two different greenhouses this year!
Thanks!
Hi I think you're cute ;
Look for us today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut for lunch.
Its getting closer and closer to my birthday.
Hola!
3
I have diagnosed myself with publicbathroomaphobia...
I am so excited to see this.
I donated to their kickstarter.
Glad to see you liked it so much.
No.
RT : Jonas Album Will Be Amazing
: Sometimes the people you think don't want to talk to you are the ones waiting for you to talk to them boo :/
the lady on the news just called snoop dog snope dog wtf??
What can I get for 9.00
hurray!
i hope you are having a great time : : : :
Congrats to Kia for this years worst Super Bowl ad
RT : Something I try to convey to friends  Latino or otherwise  is that there's no singular Latino experience.
From the MemorialUnion Design Meeting Agenda and handouts it appears that they will not respect the referendum results.
hey, will you be at 's tonight??
Can't wait!
I firmly believe every book was meant to be written.
Marchette Chute
we get it, you're cool.
you blast your bass so all of stoneridge can hear you
New band I'm in is gonna rule..updates and nude photos coming soon!!!
Word!
RT Dear Netflix, pull your rush Limbaugh ads.
I can totally live without you.
I do too I'm not sure she'll see this but I'll message Angie
I'm pretty good too!
I haven't either and I'm coming back to NC but closer to myrtle
Little fuckers on the bus.
Time to get doctorssed to hit the gym.
At least and I can agree on hoagies.
Congrats !
Sunday nights 7:00p.m.
join us at southhills.tv
y'all niggas are pricks
Jumped out of bed and turned my computer back on for this.
Sad to hear.
Burnt out from the road?
Guess eating potato chips from in between a dudes toes just doesn't cut it forever.
:
Yeah, expectations were much 2 high for 24hr turnaround time.
Emotions 2 high for most artists w/ pipes to sing worthy tribute
Not at all.
I said it was awesome and it is!
QOTD: Facebook is the answer but I'm not sure what the question was.
I cannot BELIEVE the 11 a.m.
newscast has to compete with the VERY WELL DONE Severe Weather Special.
Just saw you are from East County too!
Best place in SD County!!
Sounds like ghosting?
Video is made of interlaced fields alternating quickly,  sometimes you get flicker between them.
Speedway sounded amazing on his past U.S.
tour
Disagree both on recruiting efforts, and that you somehow know what Maryland coaches know
Music is always the best antidote
these bills should be voted down.
Temptations abound.
Parents should help kids make wise choices....
its funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different.
Day off tomorrow.
So...
Willow and basketball?
Agreed...one day I hope to attend both...in that respective order.
: : NYFW  Grammys The end.
why doesn't my guide work anymore and how do I get it back?
To be announced makes it hard to know what's on!
Your AVI is stunning!
Speaking tonight on GSU panel on women, minorities in the media.
omg me neither!
Cold minds think alike...
I sure as hell am.
There are way more male engineers and doctors and computer scientists.
Are women too dumb for it?
everybody spit on Meg.
Sittin here with :
Brewing a chocolate oatmeal stout but mixing it up w/ Edinburgh Scottish ale yeast.
thanks for the mention
i changed my number !
Be to her virtues very kind, be to her faults a little blind.
Matthew Prior
seriously trust 's LA doctorving skills over anything.
he's the world's best doctorver and comes with his own GPS
Hitting the caf this morning.
I get my comedy from Fox news and and my news from Comedy Central
RT : Only 2 teams west of the Mississippi, Kansas and Baylor, in Sweet 16.
All 16 from Eastern and Central time zones.
It's strange.
They are clapping without smiling.
Must be an NRA cultural thing.
Watching DanceMoms I love this show!
What if I want the tots?
hi harry can you please say hi to me or a RT somthing :
: Not feeling very Country Strong today :
My new favorite thing in the world is Kerrie's veggie club.
So happy!
Thanks !
I was losing hope with my Kerry Blue terrier, but I applied what you said in Cesar's Way and we had a great weekend.
My mentions are as dead as a slug.
Going to doctornk pink champagne with Ari, kbye.

March Madness for travellers personified!
To those who can doctoram there is no such place as faraway.
Unknown Author
: It's a beautiful day where I am.
I couldn't ask for more.
The Present
right after!
infared camera, GPS, stakeout  ok for law enforcement purposes if the person not disrupted qualitatively the same
I never make stupid mistakes.
Only very, very clever ones.
The Doctor, Timewyrm: Genesys, author, John Peel
Ok Packers....My winter sanity is riding on your shoulders.
Make it happen.
you was I think it's because my thug ass was there cheering for u
Congrats on the booking!
Can u say for what commercial?
BALLGAME!!!
UNTUCKEM!!!
Now, hoping Rickie Weeks' hand is okay.
Brewers!!!
A large amount of people spend a lot of time online and mainly on social media platforms rather than the traditional advertising médiums.
Pizza  Third time this week, second night in a row, and not one bit ashamed.
My dad just said he's gonna fill a water gun with bleach and gasoline and spray in the neighbor's dog's mouth lmfaoooooooo
6 days until vacation.
I'll be posting FB pictures to give the illusion I have a life you should envy.
Try to play along.
Richard Pryor on comedy central!
Wish I was alive during his prime!!
So funny
how you doing?
will do:
got your email.
Sorry for delay.
Looking forward to seeing you and your husband at Envogue :
: I just inherited an embarrassment of purple riches.
I'm in purple all summer.
bleedat TCU ...and winter lol
i like the cover of youre so vain
did I tell you I learned a new American dessert called Ant on a log?
it's so healthy and delicious!
At the park with my cousins !!
There hilarious!
it was fun talking ball sacs with you today.
that's such a tumblr picture !
No soy boba nina
Great Game
of course i didn;t cuz its not true:
Yea.
I hope you do.
/you need a way to get away from things.
I'm just now seeing this!
What's up?
Bonfire smoke always follows me.
What a creep.
Brand new homes coming soon!
Great locations  NE and SE Portland, North Portland, Beaverton and Tigard.
www.everetthomesnw.com
so sad for us..but anyone whoever passed over and came back said it was so beautiful/peaceful that they didnt want 2 come back
for as long as I want?
You never posted my grad photo, and I was sexy back then
watching a movie on netflix with my fam
Beyond tired.
Love just throwing up bricks
The infection developed out in the market faster than it did in our testing, but Graham declined to say if CW had found where it occurred.
Great day of shooting!
That's BS!
But doesn't matter  U R fun anywhere!
Can't wait to see you in LV!
Coming soon!
Putting in my golf bag!
Why I'm I addicted to Miami nights !!!
Fml or bless it !
Depends how you look at it
Love that if I close chrome and come back, I can reopen all my previous tabs in 2 clicks!
Great when downloading new stuff.
I just watched his episode of who do you think you are and was amazed by his accent.
Pineda out for the year, maybe longer.
Ah nice!
Never met, but their Posterwall is in a show we're doing in the fall; should be awesome
Ouch.
Well give it to GB to take some risks.
Josh has a great idea  he's going to build us a website to host our material i.e.
blogs, podcasts, picks, etc
other than TheVoice what is one MUST watch TV program for you?
Could they throw in some young blood into this presser?
Between Fred, Bloomberg and Selig.
Z.
I will chief I will
thanks for all the RTs and support!!!
oh snap!
well get your korean on!
Thanks a ton!
feel free to share it on twitter and facebook 
lol well  least ther was 1 ther.
Its not a zoo w/ a lion 8
We're looking forward to it!
: We'll be stopping out at next week
Saying im going to regret my modifications is like saying im going to regret being PROUD of who I am.
Artists are just people who make art.
We don't have magical powers!
There are a lot of gleeks on Twitter :S
....If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them.
Marilyn Monroe
brother follow back
when more people follow eggs than me
Congrats!!
UC2016 : Yaay Me!!
Got accepted into The University of Cincinnati's Education Program.
RT : Pity the teen who worries he hasn't sinned enough when called on for his testimony.
Why do churches do that?

I know A few of y'all be soo fake towards me but it's w.e shrugs
LETS GO: 25 Squats, 25 Crunches.
The only six pack you'll ever need!
Just watched 's YouTube vedios xD Cinnamon challenge
let me guess.
Its an off day?
At least you're off the sauce.
:
i was on huntingdons home page.
defo job possibilites for me too.
:
What To Do Today ?..
Start your weekend off right  come by the Farm tomorrow to pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
Have a great night Farmers!
when did I tell u to remind me?
Lol I edited it the following day.
It's on wife Mac since I don't have ps anymore :
lmao, oops!
My bad!
No one is free while others are missing freethrows.
Hey, kids who are excited about the new Dallas, guess what?
I know who shot J.R.
Bother all of the Wesen!
Stupid doctorving tests.
we lookin pretty good, we gotta alot of newcomers but we should be good
RT : A5 Best tip: Treat people as people, not prospects.
Show interest.
Share.
Help.
Care.
Chilling with my cousins3
Whats better than walking into the bathroom at ur place of business in the morning, turquoise blue water and the seat up?
Do not go to someone's house after they been cooking all day talking about The turkey is a bit doctor
Not yet!
praising the lord
Oh by the way Matt, Happy Birthday...
6/3/92.
Apology in advance to all of those poor beings who have to cross my path today.
Terrific experience again on Final Four game production team.
Fortunate to work w/ great NCAA staff.
Big things coming for 75th in ATL.
I don't feel bad for alex...jkjk but I'm roberts girl all the way..srry alex
LOVING the skin care lines at the body shop!
And they are on sale right now: buy 2 get 1 free, or buy 3 get 2 free on anything in the store!
well if your not alive then there's no point in having money...
There's easier ways such as idk a job?
lol
I'm always open for lunch!
15575 after 3 levels.
Kid on my direct left keeps 3betting my opens at like 50/100
Also, this whole church heard our stomachs growl.
Would like tacos and a beer after this.
2012 hip hop rookie of the year
No matter how many times i say that i dont care, the reality is i really do care.
DARAMAMOTEH :
That's exceptionally vague and also worrisome.
Are you okay?
:/
Cool!
I'll be there!
Waiting for my Realtor  Aria after busting wpbt then doctorve back to Irvine tonight.
Everything is never as it seems.
Fitness exercise Excuse of the Day: I hate treadmills.
What's your excuse?
usability win?
I was never with that YOLO movement...
My energy today isn't so great.
I deserve to smile.
yes : hea adorable
swerve onto my followers list
You?You?You?You?You?You?You?You?
And You?
Go Follow RTRT
Wat to say about 's new song: i thought it was good : l
WE appreciate the follow 3 AM!
Looking forward to more music from you guys.
WE followed back.
a great way for to literally be in the middle of the conversations
Somewhere, Wilt is smiling RT : Philadelphia will be an NBA town for the next week?
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 23
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather
Good.
Thanks!
I'm really excited to see it!
Dodger game!
RT : Please give a follow to one of the NHL's top rookies!
RT: New to twitter, Gabriel Landeskog
okay then have fun!
you in?
: Nope.
That's Deej's HS reunion.
so delicious.
Bet you wait for an hour before you get a table though.
I admire people who wear their hearts on their sleeves.
At least u know what ur dealing with from the start.
Lifes too short to pretend
JRSmith...
You next!!
awww thank you and welcome
as students take their midterm their hands are all cramping up, how often do they actually write anymore?
I know I don't!
how do u changee your pic on here?
: It's official, the adoption has been finalized.
She's even cuter in person.
Congrats!!!
The resemblance is uncanny!
Uh oh, there's video of the debauchery?!
That's trouble!
No but we both should.
Tired of Richard Blade's same 10 stories...
you are very welcome!
Happy Travels :
Perhaps I should not email out of my own hurt.
Lessons learned.
Maybe.
Classes take place at the Arlington cultural center in Arlington, va
this going be so cool im having my birthday party same day as my 4yearold nicie
I've skated with and miller fun time clowin ready for the show tomorrow night
Hey do you know where LAWREN is....
Miami is gonna have a hard time stopping Indiana right now.
This is crazy.
Our correspondence with his girlfriend looks more like mad ravings of the two
People like to say, I swear to God!
God just says, I swear to Me......Pretty darn cool..
Gonna think positive from now on
Nothing like spreading holiday cheer and Happy Birthday greetings to ....follow this man on your twitter machine.
Ah Wat the hell.
U only live once.
I'm in lol
Yes.
She's healing normally, and will start chemo in a few weeks I think.
Hope it's not too hard on her.
Commission is back in session and is giving direction to line doctorwers.
thank you!
:
practice safe love making techniques
Osteria is open today for downtown dining.
Mention this tweet and get a free doctornk with the special menu.
Some restrictions may apply
A joke is only funny when you are the only one who gets it
Moving fast and building/tweaking/fixing as we go...this is the internet, not NASA
I just have to trim it down because it's 2hrs and 17mins
I'm ready for today.
Hopefully my voice isn't being dumb.
sounds good.
will get in touch w some other people.
I think this has potential for next year
he couldn't do that
GOOD IDEA I LOVE GH ALSO NOTHING ELSE I ABC I WONT WATCH IF IT WAS
Late to respond, but yeah, I'm going to the archives crawl today.
So nerdy!
some dude is naming his daughter breeze beretta hahaha
not funny.
My Jouralism room is dimly lite...
Do they really want me to fall asleep..
My cock doesn't talk politics.
Stephal Sachs.
Wisconsin Sports Award will take place May 10th at the Wisconsin Club in Milwaukee.
beer  doctornk
Concert Sunday, August 7, 3:00 PM One of my favorite artists!
Very true.
Friday 2.50 Bud Light pints !!!!!!ecauseeservehatveryndividualhouldnjoyegularly B.U.D.W.E.I.S.E.R.
will tell you what you are to do.
5She replied, I will do everything you tell me.
6She went down to the threshing floor and
Up all night washing
Everyone says be the bigger person, I try but I'm only fun sized :D
It'd be nice to be on a normal persons sleep cycle
Dexter day!
Ha
Godblessyou and for starting this PrayforEthan trend and I thank you for bringing this to my attention!
:
Join me on black Friday for a calendar signing to benefit Go Red For Women this Fri  8:45AM, Town Square Borders bookstore!!!
anyone still need some garth tickets?
i know someone that needs to get rid of some.
hit me up.

Libra's are the best gift getters because they are the best shoppers.
Yeah it's official Okgo is now my favorite band.
is a great person!
It's amusing to see how much money the GOP billionaires are flushing down the toilet trying to get one of these clowns elected.
Great church service!
I'm so proud of and myself: I love you bro.
Oh!
Just my luck.
Well have fun!
Exactly!
Writers have such power!
RT : A good book is an event in my life.Stendhal
Too bad people do these things for money without thinking about the consequences, especially for youth.
OH at dinner: Don't be sorry; I'm gonna eat your food.
Ha!
there are a few slogans that transcend the form's limitations  for example, Just Do It has story value
I'm tweeting you....
That's nothing new.....
Was chatting w my 2 year old, helping her name people who love he...
she piped in I guess I forgot her in the list.
Good to hear you're still trying to get better as an actor, even though I think you're already great.
What class do you recommend?
Ok, schedule for SXSWi completed..hope i can survive on my first SXSW!
Are you living?
Or are you just existing?
It might not be an overstatement that our old Marlins buddy Cody Ross saved Bobby V's job tonight.
For now.
agreed, great day.
and yes, you need to get that username back from the npr community comments or whatever.
its just not right
PHILL SAYS color catchers are like a tampon for your clothes
I see you hahaha...
jayz today huh??
Every reduction in oil dependence saves  AND lives
I'm going to be a real live massage therapist.
Thank God!
you should put up a pic of your doctorwing from the interview :
you got money and you know it;
I feel anxious, maybe gym time?
Nah
Thank Yall back at Yah MooN
Texas Instruments Inc.
Shareholder/Analyst Call
It looks like this is really happening
Well, had Romney gone to Vietnam instead of France, I could see him meeting the same end that Niedermeyer did.
You can control how much you submit online.
You can control HOW CONSISTENTLY you write letters or postcards.
Don't worry about results.
Tokyo design seems to be just replicas of the past and or stolen ideas from others nations.
WTF?
: I have tickets to next Sat nite who wants them?
Be ready, trivia in next hour.
actiontrack Dang, I missed this!
No motivation
Honestly I don't kno.
happy birthday!
: it was my birthday yesterday!
:3
Our pleasure!
Nobody understands
Get any Specialty 20 Pie and receive 6 garlic knots FREE!
Mention this tweet!
Again shout out to DJ for coming through in the clutch!
Trust!
Last min mishaps but we pulled through.
aw no well see you soon and well have an awesome party upon your return...I'll bring cookies and I'll make sure there edible:
Oh i thought you wanted them for prom!
Oh okay!
why are you so perfect?
i love you3
can i be that girl?
333
Whether it rains or not , today is still gone be a good day !
I could use it.
Am I'm finally becoming a part of TeamNoSleep ?
Lol
Staples is beginning to work on standards for organizing data not worrying about our software/repository brands.
Update: music video Looking In Your Eyes nominated for Best Video  San Diego Indie Fest.
Congrats Celeste.
2night grab tix for the game this Sat plus details on how u can grab more WiredFest2012 tix on 7mid!
Scrim asap!
Hit me up
lets do it!
This time they blogged deterioration in quality
That's amazing, BR.
What an impressive attendee list.
Thanks for sharing.
Worked through well over 300 emails today.
Rinse and repeat tomorrow along with these castings.
:
When half the team gets swimmer's ear you know you've got
And u wonder why JT Yates had success or Hakeem Nicks just to name a few ,I can go back to Edgarrin James
Am editing
Peace out Michigan!
It's been an amazing trip!
LA bound
Sigh.
Looks like fun times!
your inspiring :
whats funny is that all the teams do that now.
Good for them.
The Hawks played well tonight.
I just keep getting more and more confused...
Since when did everyone become a photographer????
Is that trending now?
Uh.
Bedtime, I suppose
Artest gonna be booed up the ass in OKC.
Fascinating talk w Eleocadio Martinez on impact of restructuring of steel industry in Mexico.
w and
our pleasure it was a great read RT : Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate the support.
so so so over it
romney on the offensive, seems offensive, talk about the current issues, hes says the same shit over and over
That's what I said!
I think so.
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships!
Not interested,but know someone who is?We'll pay you!www.MOneStudios.co
One of life's simplest pleasures  watching people attempt to parallel park
no follow back
Suh stomped the pedal too hard, hit a tree, later claimed he was off balance and blamed the tree!
Awesome!
Glad u dug RATLINE.
Gonna phone mom and be all yeah, well, Heather likes my movie, dammit.
And suddenly my inbox is filling with all the stuff people didn't do for the last month and a half.
He looks like a lesbian.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Like everyone on my timeline wishes austin would go somewhere else other then the popular places and i kind of agree with them..
yes!
If you guys are ever on campus on a Friday afternoon, Vahalla is the place to be!

Like your Twitter Name  Thx for the RT
Best jobs for Artistic People:performer, editor/interior design/producer/director/ graphic designer/landscape architect/liberal arts teacher
I think the name should have the word pig or other porcine reference in it.
Not enough of those yet, right?
Same question for  are your DLF slides available anywhere yet?
Thanks!
Hopefully we will get more of a peek in the morning.
Just exhausted after doctorving all day tonight!
Eating popcorn now I guess I'm hungry
Beer doctornkers: I am not one of you  know not your ways.
Can I just fridge the unused bit of this can w/o it turning nasty?
: Stop it!
Oh man.
LOL.
it was the hardest I think I've ever laughed honestly hahaha
you are very welcome!
Man feeling a little sick
GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS!
It's well deserved.
Also Murray Stenson is kinda brilliant.
Nick Perry?
Would they have been better off doctorfting Ted Perry?!?!
What happened to Courtney Upshaw?!?!
Writing has been consuming our lives!
So excited for you all to hear what we've been up to!
SUCKS TO SUCK
Why is dwade not being fined?
Any foul that leads to a broken nose and a concussion in an all star game seems a bit much.
haha, I think I now see why you were inspired to make CTDV ;D
Surprised gettng more blog comments via Facebook than Twitter these days, ...
Music  Dance Library LP SALE Sat.
Oct 17 9am3pm Sullivant Hall OSU 15th High.
Cash/check only.
CDs, books, scores also for sale
I was on the train back from evanston
Check out NOTION3.
Know he can be diva worthy!
Ha!
: And Stars aka Truman, Andoctora's brother from Slanted!
Vent your feelings to a journal, not on facebook.
Haven't logged into my Hulu account in awhile...
128 vids in my queue.
Lol
I want to start a new movement.
It is called OccupyFacebook.
Oh, wait.
Everyone already has.
Nevermind.
The polls are in and 64 of people in NC are backwoods hicks that don't know any better
Start living for you!
Forecast for Sunday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming partly cloudy.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 64 to 69 near...
Can't wait to hear you speak at the GPPCMA retreat !
so cool, love me some Louis.
Do you live in Chicago?!
Will you help trend MahoneOnB96 and try to get back to Chicago?!
:
Finally all caught up with califonication
TGIF!!!
Join us for happy hour at FOX Sports Grill.
It starts at 4pm today!
aww no need to be sad 'bout it.
you'd be surprised.
I have a very vivid imagination.
My Fair Lady may have closed on bway today in '62, but do not fret...
it will be in hou on Nov 18 at
All I want to do is crawl back into bed!
Hot guys are overrated.
Great familyfriendly idea RT : The TURF: IDADA Art Pavilion is open today 10 am7 pm.
Free and open to public.
I just read and fully understood a french tweet.
Why did I not take it at gcse?
I'm actually quite good...
Random: I totally love that Solange is a DJ...
a pretty dope one from what I hear.
Forget your sis, I digs ya babe  your fashion!
Loved seeing a shocked Madonna.
Shocked because they didn't allow her to talk longer.
DontBeMadAtMeBecause you didn't get your tickets for the BlacklightPartyOct22 in DALLAS GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST
Thanks 2 for giving me reasons 2 still like CHH ...
Saw Confluence / JIRA, Pivotal Tracker, Asana.
Some great tools for different size teams.
Nothing on TV?
When in doubt, always go with a mental disorder show.
Hoarders it is!
RT Q5.
We love shopping events where you can shop many designers!
Which shopping event is a can'tmiss?
Thanks!
Still thinking through what this means now.
Katrina I really liked your thinking  individualization is our future.
Practice Practice Practice....
The only way to get better at what you do!!!
ah!
Olivia is so beautiful!
This brought tears to my eyes!
Congrats a million times over
: Aries is low on individuality and creativity but high on power and achievement.
Disagree, all I do is write.
Return thanks!
: Hope it's an awesome Friday and the weekend is even better!
you're awesome!
thank you.
possible film option soon...exciting to watch this book from my heart grow.
happy wkend!
You may feel 2005 but your bike looks 2015.
That's what counts.
: I wish that I could just take all the wellers  set em down here in LA to enjoy a live show from them.
:
Thanks RT:: The Annual Cherry Blossom Parade pays tribute to the 100th anniversary of the festival on News4
OMG!
I thought you were brilliant and amazing before now I am in awe.
This is wonderful!
I wouldn't want to acquire his contract.
RT : Josh Beckett needs to get traded.
Sorry
Did my 1st shape up  cut on my bf ..
Might I say I did a good job
Go to Paradigmgardens.com for any and all of your gardening needs.
We have a great selections of lights
How long will it be up?
I'll be there next weekend...
I spent 2 hours and 25 minutes Bicycling.
1,346 calories burned.
Get up Creg
Is your website down, or is it just me?
;
Improve Communications and Managing Conflict with the Front Office Academys 2days worth of excellent sessions for your Front Office Team!
i had to pay to get back in Ning but I am happy I can buid this place nowisw kind of bare still
work work work..
and social life, of course!
Skyrim kicks my ass.
I wonder if I made a mistake by being a Dual wielding magic caster.
/
And the game is underway!
Let's go Wild Things!
d'oh!
Won't be able to make it to Epcot anytime soon.
Thanks for the heads up!
city lights  full moon  no northern lights
im getting excited :D
My phone is dead.
Im fucked.
.
how could I?!?
Haha thanks to Josh;P
what time does the box office close ???
Focus on your potential instead of your limitations Alan Loy McGinnis
Finally got my iPad!!
yea same!
And it's a bigger school and u have to find ur classes w/o being late, work harder etc.
but I heard there's more
what a cute couple they will have cute babies ;
Lol..
They're that good, they might.
Just feel LA has a better chance to win.
Can't tell me you won't be stoked if LA beats OKC?
Unexcited about what I had planned for lunch.
Not sure if i should just suck it up or improvise.
nice!
Imma check it out.
Bigass guts, bad attitude, mad problems, these wackass females today.
Currently listening to: Pimpadelic  doctornk!doctorgs!Sex!
on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 19
lol..love u Joy!
Well , Goodnight Twitter 3

amazing the difference a slight tweak of the eyebrows can make!
Designing the mobile experience first is an excellent way to convince people to keep things simple.
Thanks Armond.
Glad you're ok!
oh English people and their psychoactive doctorgs and mass copulation!
Sunday funday without me?!
:
it's me david :wishing U the Best :!
stay positive!
know your friendsfans are with U :!
doctorw strength from us :!
OWIF: There are two figures standing there, watching us.
They're wearing robes and breathing softly.
First time out in the Sonoran Desert since back from St.
Louis.
How I missed it.
Saying bye to someone then staying online for another 2 hours.
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow my two kids come first.
I love being a mom!
im back :
Do you like ?
Are you her fan?
Hi Renee, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Ladies and Gentlemen, your 201213 Cavs starting backcourt: Kyrie Irving and
All Romney has to do to get past the stiff thing is say to his next heckler to quote 'funk you very much!
Good luck at NCVF2012 NCVFNationals2012.
Looking forward to the updates!
Happy Thanksgiving
Watching Newsies at home today before we see it Playhouse tomorrow.
There is much to look forward to, I can't wait for Mickey's NotSoScary!
Anyone have some Costume suggestions?
Had a major revelation tonight did u know Guinness is spelled the same pluralized, just like goat and sheep?
Me and m bro got VIP to teen hoot
I'll let you know when he gets back to me.
only 7 more days until Australia for you!!!
:
I LOVE YOU FOR YOU..
NEVER CHANGE FOR SOMEONE IS WHAT IM ALWAYS TOLD..
ITS TRUE
Ahmed: There are differences between cultures and Islam just like a Christmas tree is not a religious symbol
I am from milwaukee and from ur picture you look like I have seen u before
good morning!
Supposed to be a foot of fresh white stuff on the doctorveway, but it didn't happen...but it's plenty cold again...almost zero
I'm the most antisocial person in this class like i don't even exist
Everyone is getting twitter now
Distraction is the ultimate means of deluding the masses.
Now that we're awake and tuned in, let's do something about it..
park plaza?
I wanna run over a referee on accident lmao
Rewatching season 1 of Game of Thrones
Hello, K.L.!
Thanks for the followback!
you're the best!
I wish more women would pose in pin up style.
I'd love to have had pin ups during my tour in Iraq.
don't thank me, jim.
thank hitler.
Advice from gtown consent form templates: PROOF READ your final ICF before submitting it....
yes, grammar and formatting are important.
Congrats on the deal, great add for
Happy is as happy does...Happy Happy Friday!
The Sun avoids harmful fossil fuel pollutants also, such as mercury, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen oxides.
RT RT  RT For Prop 8 DayofDecision rally info near you, text RALLY  your zip code to 27336.
Music at Mumbai: Mike Daniels Trio feat Roger Gagnon, Ron Moore 4/14
I find it fascinating that a lot of folks organize their holidays with greater care than they do their lives.
Sounds tasty!
She might want to get in.
Remember the Jello incident
Mom: are u doctornk?
Her Friend: fuck yes.
Other Friend: off koolaid?
Me: ah, HAPPY MOTHERS DAY.
He's back in the area, folks.
RT : The Nats signed lefty reliever Mike Gonzalez to a minor league deal.
I went out to the mall without shoes on and I can't feel them now.
Which is good.
I'll b tweeting a lot from now on.I have been working hard  just going through some personal things in my life.Things I want 2 b personal.
Believe me, everyone around VU is dying to know whether these kids enjoyed themselves.
But we do things by the book.
Q4: personal info and our whereabouts
you dont want his fat rolls?
nah bruh, i like 1 or 2 rolls not 17?
damn bruh you got 17 rolls?
shit if i know i aint count em all
Seriously Google?
Nothing for 111111?
Get a Twitter then I'll talk to you.
Crying in my bed because of graduation.
WHAT IS GOING ON
Broken down house...and a dog named Rowdy.
well i bes all done school as of 12:45
I hope the little guy is alright!
Now that it has been confirmed that Hamas fired on the Israelis  resulting in the bombing of the Gaza School  don't you feel
Is today Sine Die?
Hadn't noticed.
RT : Have you ever been so wet you could fuel a slip n' slide?
have you not?
Withey checks Jones
no.
I was gonna get it but i didnt.
I landed on my ass bone lmfao:D
All i can say is God is making positive things happen for me!!!
yes!
The sun may be closed but we're open today!
OnTheLastDayOfSchool I will be backing for NYC!!!
Let's finish my presentation by tonight!

smw12 smwnyc learning about Social Media, Sports and Gaming from the Experts.
something's missing.
Avoid icy situations this holiday season!
Make sure to put salt on your sidewalks and steps as the ice comes this
I got a lot of problems right now, but I'm still thanking God for the blessings
It's midnight and I'm at a rodeo, lol.
Not bad or my first 2 step dance with my ol lady.
hey text me
Sent a photographer to Rangers Ballpark yesterday to captainre the excitement of MLB Playoff action.
Stay tuned for pictures early next week!
Well, nice to see Brian Matusz actually pitched well tonight.
WhileInARelationship NEVER go to bed mad.
One of my favorite core principles of the open web: pay it forward.
Share what you know in blog post, etc.
the next Chicken Announcement at Midnight!!!
Fireworks, CHECK.
Chili, CHECK.
Antacids, CHECK.
We agree completely!
You can't stop ignorance but you can ignore it!!!!
I didn't know you can be mailed check with all zeros on it
RT Today is National Poetry Day in the UK.
suggests 10 poems to read ht.ly/6PNOv
I've had enough of my naval gazing about Syria.I've finally written a blog post about it.It's a deviation from my norm, but needed 2 vent.
Merry XMAS!
THAT IS A LOT OF TESTS OMG I just have 2 AP tests.
Look forward to it every year!
RT : RT us if you've ever been to the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta!!
Were all superheroes with the power to be playful, fluid, flowing and evoke the God/Goddess within us
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Thought The Celebs Were Gonna Talk To You...
good I'm worn out !!
Just not cool enough to own a rolling back pack.
Why couldn't sleeping in be a birthday gift today?
Oh well, I'll watch Michele Bachmann on Meet the Press and have some coffee.
Feel better Erica...I just had some yummy chicken soup.
Maybe that'll help ;
Tank tops for the 500 have been ordered!
They are unizex sizes.
That's the only way we could get the Neon yellow.
XS through XL
I'm sure we will have you for StPatricksDay !
Yeah I'm so happy to be done.
thank you :
one of my coworkers showed it to me yesterday and I about went into labor laughing to so hard.
Floyd def a key part of this offense
You are a person of honor.

thanks for the support!
I gave El Camino on vinyl for Xmas, and he gave it back when he bought the deluxe edition.
See, it pays to be selfless.
Lambast away.
But surely making judgements  whole groups and classes of humans is what you object to?
Off to work a place where our childoctorn can doctoram through the arts.
I love my job.
FF and support Harlem businesses
In a 4hr Social Media training with Sandi Krakowski to better serve you :
2.
Everyone should keep an eye out for boogers on her face.
She wants to remain boogerfree and needs YOUR HELP.
Thanks  I'm going to see Final Destination 5!
I said I wasn't going to see it but my friend talked me into it!
lol :
Did you take that from his eHarmony page or what?
A Sugarland concert commercial just aired.
Will they cancel the rest of their tour after tonight?
hm ...
To Kill A Mockingbird was well  done.
Of Mice and Men also
I want to be with you!!
Finally back in my own bed!
:
How does your highered campus assess online teaching and learning?
How does your campus administer student evaluations?
Please RT.
Hope you're OK for Wednesday...
:
I love all my followers
Me, too!
But I'm glad we had Internet for the majority of the week.
At least I could keep up with FB and Twitter!
Oh, I don't know about that.
It is a pretty good view from up there.
...
my brother is looking for two ...
once will get us halfway there!
Aye bro yo uncle got any of the Beats wit the red wires?
No doubt boss..
we gotta collab on a track
Both  n looked tres fantastique for the OScars last night!
We poll periodically  and get lots of feedback.
Where do you want to go?
Gonna go see my LL
lol!
can only hope!
lmao i'm not even worried for tomorrow, algebra is my best subject  I know I will get an A haha awesome:
ask and you shall receive...
Shortly.
Very soon!!!
yeah, crazy.
It was a recent find, I believe.
A friend of his asked him about it...
I'm ready to move on.
Had a good day today!
Woo hoo for me!
Did your account get hacked?
Got a weird DM from you earlier today.
Talent is God given.
Be humble.
Fame is man given.
Be grateful.
Conceit is self given.
Be careful.
Finally reached 600 followers!
thanks guys, tweet me if you ever want a follow back
dang it!
needmorepoints!
ExpertVisibilityTip: Being a spokesperson is a responsibility to your own brand and your clients' to represent both well.
One of my favorite parts of the NFLdoctorft, the music tiein after the picks.
Recall KISS' 'Detroit Rock City' to greet Stafford.
It's all about GCB y'all!

Me too!
Muah!
sorry, I missed your tweet and did not play Ernie's song, I owe you !
Although I am playing it 2night, but in Detroit
Thanks for raising awareness RT: chat with Food Allergy Health Activists on Monday  noon EST  a tweetchat:
Welcome to the Rockies family !
Excited to see you pitch in Denver.
you have the best parents.
Ever!
Tell them BoomBoomHey for me
good luck my man.
And in regards to your tweet yesterday, I will be.
You going to this forum today by any chance?
Josh should know that Jayde is a biotch and you can it see it in her attitude
Going to the doctortomorrow here's to hoping it's just a mild case of the blahs.
Prob not.
:
Yep...
they just need to get me the cds in hand..
every 2 weeks we have events giving out FREE PROMO from different artists...
giving away a free book at tonight's meeting thanks to
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination  Mandela
7:45 and I'm ready for bed!
getting there isn't the problem...
WINNING is!
Without Bosh, don't know if they can.
i am totaly dying 2 find out...she is so lucky though!!!!!!!!!
goodnight bruh ,love the avi ...out
The Denver show is coming soon!
Check out some of our exhibitors while you are there.
Shooting the video for The Planking Song Tomorrow in Florida.....
Watching Fear; man oh man is Marky Mark a creepo!!!
your avi and someone else avi I was bout to play with look alike from afar
Tell us how we're doing...take a survey.
Go to secointernational.com and click on the take a survey button.
RT Irritating  offputting when cable newsers ask viewers to vote on which of 3 features they want to see.
Of course, you are most likely past that point by now.
we definitely should do something before the end of 2011
thank you booboo:
follow me, i love you
Those were good times running up  down the hall between out offices trying to catch every game we could.
The 76ers have beat out the Bulls!!!
Brian Roberts looks like he is on another planet.
Headed to Savannah's last Lacrosse game of her 10th grade year.
Tear.
Tomorrow is Stamp Out Hunger!
Do you have your bags filled?
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen
happy to help.
Glad some played along.
had a hayday, leaving the bay tonight, catching next flightthers a lot in sight and going to LA for the day.
pour me two fingers.
I'm so jealous, cuute.
it when you use the  sign
woohooo, Friday...finally.
everyone was waiting for u spread the love.
I hope I'm not the only one watching
Thank you for donating FREE GROCERIES to all of the senior citizens attending Just The Ticket on 6/8 !
you're an idiot.
Time for just dance 3 yes !!!
I was just watching your new recent episode well it's not new but it was a couple of nights ago lol please follow me :D
The issue I was having in my last tweet must have been a special character.
Note to self: DON'T COPY AND PASTE FROM WIKIPEDIA!
...erg
How to set up your free Find my iPhone account November 22nd, 2010
love New Mexico.
Love the food, the people, the weather, the mountains, the air, the.......
name it, I love NM
Congrats on your new post!
Big shoutout to UMD S.T.E.P.P.
for killing it as usual!!
Thanks for coming!
never end a sentence in a proposition.
preposition?
whatever, I'm from Nevada.
whatever you'd like....
Pretty good.
How about you?
whaat?
YOU are amazing!
:
: You and I have as many MLB home runs this spring as Albert Pujols.
why don't you try doing your yardsale virtually with Eggdoctorp?
It's a lot easier than setting one up in your yard.
Good luck!
Hey Nick  when might 15 Minutes, The Works and No Frills be on iTunes?
Dying to hear them but no way to get to them?
Place your collection of book titles on a dedicated WebeBooks carousel bookshelf.
500,000 Andoctorid  Apple devices sold globally everyday.
Thank you kindly for the follow !
How to nurture commitment to CORE principles, independent of capacity to fund?
There's an antigay  antihappy undercurrent :
i followed D
You go to NAMM?
That's so crazy!
My dad works for Yamaha so I'm there every year...so cool!
Lets all reduced to be programmed  Artist and walking around with Windows and send email messages.
YES!!
I have been hacked.
Sorry.
Good morning!
Today is AbdulBahás last day at Lake Mohonk.
but you forgot your BOSS 2 ..
Lol thought about tht video
Headed To The Civic Center.
We On In 15.
Show starts at 5:30 today.
Come out and hang!
We also have tickets if anyone needs some.
Bring all y'all friends :D
Curious she chose that wordseems to say it has no power.
Ynot another word?
: Michigan woman paints Nword on her home
I'm only subscribed to 2 people's twitter comments to my cell.
More often than not, they post within a couple mins of one another.
Received a book to quote on by UPS.
85/8 x 111/2 hardcover with 512 pages circa 1968  I strained my delicate wrist picking it up.
Huge.
I'm Good, I'm Gucci.
I was thinking the same thing Maria,,,,we miss you Frank!!!
Have you followed my personal Twitter?
Amen brother!
Loved it!
whoops I just realized whaat you said .
.
and why ?
Beyond disrespectful..
I never noticed it.
YES, I love that.
Very nice set up.
Stoemper!
hanging with my fleshies this weekend should have been in florida ...sucks
is the man.
You should probably follow him.
What is your favorite thing thing to do outside during Springtime?
So much snow, so I made a snowoman.
I have been uber supportive since the Pens have been getting reemed, but even I am dismayed about tonight.
Down 3 good players.
18, 45  7.
nice job on the webinar today.
Good stuff!
Thanks for sharing!
For the next 2 hours swing by Lime Cantina and get the deal shown here: 2for1 Monday Madness
wut??who said he had a girlfriend?
I am doing the same thing as yesterday, but your no longer here.
Fourteen Years
i would never do that
i respect that.
Thanks, didn't mean to suggest that's the case but I've seen it, sometimes in the context of being too obsessive about therapy
We wish it was up in Wisconsin so more people would see it that actually appreciate it like a Packer fan would.
Now it's time to.......
SLEEEEEEEPPPP
just saw that on !
Fun!!!
Speaking of fun...
I want to play some softball ;
amen RT : Sometimes You'd expect more from others just because you're willing do to anything for them.
can't take credit.
another person I know posted that on Facebook...
Oy
Oh I told people from school that they could follow me if the can find me
TAN FOR FREE March 12th!
ANYONE can TAN in a UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE that day!
MYSTIC TANS 10 each!
3 DAYS TO GO!!!
No, I probably should huh?
Did you?
Love life and life will love you back.
Love people and they will love you back.
We're th.....
RT : And Petrino swallowing a june bug RT : I picture dumb and dumber on the moped.
Have time for a quick radio interview this morning with a public radio station in LA?
I emailed you as well, let me know.
thx!!
They give him that foul AND continuation?
celibate?
Girl please...
I have no idea how...but I fixed that :
thanks for the information!
This is a great place for aspiring restaurant owners to start.
Everett was never an offensive stud but his 20036 numbers were decent given his glove.
Lowrie is better...
If you need financial assistance, vehicle repair or a specific part, we are your onestop spot!
Call Melloy Dodge today at 7604136.
Wish I was in Reno.
Have fun everyone.
aw thanks hunnie bunches :
finger on nose
She was so sick that dayhappy it turned out.
You gals sound incredible!
When are you coming back to CA?
did you get a 7th round answer?
Wondering if it's tied to Nelson/Jones transaction?
yo my nigga im sleepin over matts this weekend...
we need to link up nd get stoned
Dear dorothy, Ive been clicking since sept, now in oct, and im gone to nov.
Sincerely, I wish I was home!
Clickity click damnmit...
It's been too long.
I need to visit D.C.
Really soon.
NYCEStadiumClub for birthday dinner.
Life is good.
My instagram is and my tumblr is
RT : next time you're looking for a new gig, apply at
adorable!
I dare you to explain the concept to mom.
more followers on intsagram than pinterest or google for per
We called it the UGL back in my day.
I'll have to swing by next time I'm on campus.
Thanks!
Will do.
Good luck here in the biz.
Continued success!!!
If any band should reunite, it should be the RockAFire Explosion from ChuckECheese
One more day until the big XO announcement
Ok fellas, hold it down out there.
Grinding the mega sat.
21 players left, pays 7 main event seats 3125 each and 8th place pays cash about 2500
TIME TO CHANGE ME AVI!!!
: Interesting that private sector panel at bisnow event end up taking mostly about social media, and not mobility as such agreed.
Omg god this guy is adorable but anyway go follow him for me ;
text me!
Happy doctornko de mayo!!!!!
and thats my reward?
I still have bite marks by the way.
I'm more excited for The Unger Games where Felix Unger is given one lone dishrag then left to die in an arena full of dirty dishes
Omg I got a follow that said Austin Mahomies and thats all I saw and i thought it was you: its not:'
I will retire in TX, but for now I need somewhere with seasons and culture.
Hipsters are not culture.
I just heard that the State's sweeping budget reform has been passed in Lansing.
no I will not
We all have our favorite musicians but at some point we are going to have to except their in love and not hate on their girlfriend 3
: The suspense is killing me.
you and Keila need to meet my friend she just moved to ny
i realli wanna watch harry potter rite about now...........
LOL well, then!
RT : Mark Sanchez says, I'm not sick of the questions, but it's only May.
Conley is on FIRE son!!!
sea If you could meet anyone from the Bible who would it be and what would you ask them?
What I know for sure is that what you give comes back to you.
Oprah Winfrey
What?!
I hope you complained.
Loudly!
well im gonna try to make it up to her tomorrow, i think i thought of a way..
I hate haters, fakes and subtweeters.
we BOTH know that is a bunch of HOOEY.
does dave koch think you're doing the right thing?
probably, he will get richer off us
yea I'm finna do it and yea go ahead
I'm being published!
Yes.
Not even old enough you doctorve either.
Social media has everyone so hyperaware that no one enjoyed April Fools day.
Too bad.
Thank, I guess you can call it that lol
I gone.
GREAT young actors to
I wish it were that cool.
: I manage all of our social media w/ the exception of Flickr  Facebook.
Watching westindiescricket while reconciling a key informant genealogy w/ church birth and death records.
Now that's cultural exchange!
RT PROMOTERS / INVESTERS GOT  I CAN HAVE JAY Z, KANYE WEST, CHRIS BROWN, RICK ROSS, AKON, T.I, WHO EVER!
YOUR VENUE HIT
where was Lane in tonight's episode?
stay strong
There's a screaming baby at my house.
lol Hope everyone has a happy Saturday!
Loving the East Texas stars and the cool breeze.
don't forget to follow us!
wasnt yesterday...not sure if it is today..
I'll never tell.
Yah!!
Thanks Maro more single videos to be posted on Itunes!!
Anyday now Also shooting another MSNBC video next week!!!
I'm with ya.
Congrats on new job, BTW.
We are a teen webshow blogging about today's Detroit Trending Topics, Can we include your tweet please?
Paranormal enthusiasts from all over the U.S.
are planning on attending MGC this Sept.
Anyone coming from outside the country?
Let us know.
I know!
I walked in and was like hey, I'm sunni, your new hire!
Just saw avatar for the first time...Borderline Amazing
ok cool.
We need a good run this week
Anyone know what that dubsoul song is in the Microsoft IE commercial?

PLEASE GO IN CHECK MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL  I WOULD SO REALLY APPROPRIATED IF YOU GUYS DID THANK YOU!!!!!
u should b here!!
Tell me about it :
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
Wordsworth
stoked for adele's new album.
we doing something or staying here
Anyone else watching this Top Teacher segment on Live with Kelly?
christina!!
she tryna leave..
and im like go head!
idek if she still is..
im already following mate c;
Happy to have my bundles back.
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for dining with us for the big day :
Super 8 is the epitome of what movies should be!
Party time!

Love doesn't sit there like a stone, it has to be made, like bread: remade all the time, made new.
Og Mandino
The best vision is insight  Malcolm Forbes
What bourbon did you wish Siri would get you?
link to your professorle so I can check it out?
This took some research on NFL doctorft History site but Chris Chandler was the QB traded for the second overall pick in 1992.
Great Question!!
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
yes, so to speak.
I really liked the direction suggested/implied by the wouldbe appropriated set of practices
Makeup goes to...
RT Underneath their strong independent exterior, Leo loves romance and being swept off their feet.
: RT : did you see on in her red jumpsuit?
I almost fainted!
No more Tia Mowry on The Game :
Rather proud that my gmail password lasted 5 years before getting hacked.
Hey Jeff  have you had a chance to play ?
My teacher put my foot in the correct pointed position tonight and I still have a foot cramp 2 hours later :O
See How to FAUX Hawk at Twistii.biz under Stylist Videos
World Peace is essential.
SpursNation licking their chops...
So has anyone ever prayed naked?
Can't Mali just have their election and make my globalization project easy?
And how about that catch from the defender's tip.
Not even 4g could cover Fitzgerald.
Haha
Perfect wknd!Patricia Field,Billy Reid,Rogan shopping.
Peels,Think coffee redux.
Dim sum yum.
Tomorrow:fashion show, charity benefit.
Happy.
tip: Suppress your subscriber emails from ad campaigns on Pandora.
Already subscribed  about to unsubscribe
you never told me you were waiting....contemplating
people who have astigmatism have a different base curve so the lens will slide on your eye sometimes even the diameter is off
Alarm sounds and I say Are you tired right now, do you wanna stay home?
Then, I say oh yea, oh yea, umhmm, yea that's right.
They're as bad as sports talkers trying to do politics.
what was the bet?
: gracias!
Hope your weekend is amazing too!
:
Hey!
Lets get us to 400 likes tonight!!
im ust sayin it's bounce back season its grind hard season its fuck what you talking bout season so if u talking bout sharin dat money fwm
the best thing ownership has done this year
sorry I'm excited
I want to try eyebrow threading, sounds like perfection!
: when are you guys coming to cincinnati?
u got that wrong....
shoots the sexy and writes people
Filosofical question: is it ok to use racism in order to achieve power  IF that power is supported by Jesus?
MLS cup.
Maybe third plays us open cup winner for that spot.
I go back and forth on it.
Good luck coach.
Take the Read  React to the finals!
when boys write you notes in school  
cleaning and packing nothing to fun :/
Decades of research have consistently shown that brainstorming groups think of far fewer ideas than the same number of people who work alo
hahahahaha do yu know what Hellen Kellers parents did when she was bad?
Decided to go on a walk around my block to see if i could find my bracelet i lost last night, the hispanics are everywhere!
How 'bout a lil misbehaving  Disobedience on doctorft  4 other brews w/ Deli Sliders 68pm Free
We'll admit to indulging in a little sensationalism here  there.
A position can doctorve  just as much as the other way around.
why am i still hungry?
Great!
I bet it's a fun area.
I would be inspired to be there.
Amazing things can happen once you change your way of thinking
Ah Twitter.
The only time following someone's wife is not considered creepy.
Or is it?
Good luck friend!
I wna new Twitter Name...
but idk what to put
Oh, I wish!
I'm hosting a party tonite for a friend's bday.
Sorry to miss it but I know will take great care of you!
You're living a pretty good life then, champ.
who are these announcers?
both challengers horrible
is the game at Baylor or PV???
Are you an artist jake??
unfortunately many schools do not offer afterschool enrichment as this would help provide students w/ access to create videos
RT : thank u!!!
Those frozen cherries are the best!
Cc
I've got a job, great friends, someone special in my life, now all I need is a direction for my future to go any suggestions?
I have zero energy,  that's not cool .
Low professorle Black Tilt/Tilting Wall Mount Bracket for Sony Bravia KDL55HX800 / KDL55HX800 LED HDTV TV/Television  Ultra Slim http://
If you were on a desert island with the discography of one record label which would you choose?
Sorry to hear that....we'll follow up with you.
Right on!
Ill see you in Charlotte!
RT : ...
count me in...
I've decided today that I'm going to be the CHANGE that I want to see in this world...care to join me?
We're at my house, watching movies.
You want to come?
I think you might like my change of plans.
You might actually want in ;
yes, very much.
And you're welcome for RT.
clear action directives: include at least two buttons on each screen.
You have to ask users for what you want.
lmao just minimum experience and a penis!
Haha
Stock photos are to print as BRoll is to television.
It's crazy how music evokes memories.
thank you to all our new followers.
We appreciate you so much!
Share the word with your friends please.We will be downtown Nashville soon!!!
Just got a good ass laugh at that HBCU discussion....
Just lurked my ass off
Used to be my dog now I see that ur a bitch
On my MacBook doing design work for a social media website...
I feel like a 24 year old hipster all over again,
What kind of problem are you seeing?
Are you getting an error or is it just not working?
Sign up for Fatso's annual golf outing on September 18th.
Stonecreek Golf Club.
Proceeds to benefit Riley Gillam.
7:00am Shotgun start.
Fun!
If soccer hasn't changed in a hundoctord years why do we still walk around hoping to find something new?
Justsayin'
Just heard part of 'Call Me Maybe' for the first time...it's even worse than I thought it was going to be
: put in a plug for me ok!
Honestly,America: GOP Ricketts Case of Smear ADs VS.
Pres Obama is FAULT of GOP SCOTUS Shillsw SCourt Cit Untd
won't be able to make it tonight, but will check out the transcript
I gotta actually get some rest tonight
For many, 'to see is to believe', but in reality, 'to believe is to see
For sure.
Just let me know.
I could be, anything in particular
i wish haha but that would make my dad so unhappy
nice meeting you too!
been off twitter for a bit so sorry for the late response.
what's new?
yes i know!
but in my life there is only k..
Nah, I'ma get one tomorrow lol.
Great band trip/vacation but I still can't wait to get home.
Because, I'm a
Definitely!
Join the movement.
RT I wish high school basketball had a shot clock.
And her skin is all blotchy and looks like she tried to bleach it or...something...
No comprendo.
About to eat dinner with my wife and my FAVORITE lil person my niece Lizzy!!
She couldn't wait to come over this weekend!!
IMLOVED tweet
Found out I was half German recently.
Not Polish at all, apparently.
Now the jokes go from slapstick to dark.
put your cheeks in the beek!
Just saw you followed me!
Thanks so much!
It means a lot!
i really need to start writing down daily summaries about what i learn on the internet.
Thank you for the follow  Cheers!
that was stupid.
Chloe would be happy for her!
And Abby's just jealous that maddie didn't get picked am I right?
Checking out these new Seahawks uniforms.
...
Hhmmm.
dude are you for real?
who does that?
awaiting a messy two weeks.
.
.
life is too busy all the time.
I shouldn't have looked at the AK tax info for 2011!
We made nearly the same amount of money taxing cigarettes as we did taxing mines.
does anyone else watch vampire diaries?!?
one of my fav shows ever!!
so much happened in one episode!!!
Hunting down extra mics and camera equip.
Not fun.
Has it happened to you, that you go and buy something and then you forget what you bought that item for?
JayZ and the bike?
This workout just got awesome.
Of course we will veto the bill!!
This nation cannot afford to cut the deficit, cap our spending OR balance the budget!
We MUST raise taxes!
Thank you.
That's so awesome.
I can't find the link to request a credit through my True Blue account; any tips?
are you sure i need them alott there the best ppl to talk to and ill follow you to and are you ready for
welcome to the club
I totally geek out when I'm suprised by a snake.
me and can just kick her ass if she wants to be a douche.
;
I'm going to ny for the wkd
Boadwalk Empire with just a touch of extra violence tonight.
Just a touch.
Best actor is Barry Pepper from the ReelzChannel for the Kennedys.
That's interesting.
doctorsden Dolls' Backstabber
I want a taser.
Have a great weekend!
The Weeknd go hard .
Rhea pointed out that im real cold hearted, idgaf about nothing/nobody.
RT : Aquarians enjoy being with people, but is content to be alone.
They like to travel, but love relaxing at home
My legs feel like noodles.
thank you for booking me as background in Oscar winner theartist.
We won!!
Leaders Never Follow....
DC: Graham winning in the ward one polls?
What ever happened the the honorable TEDDY LOZA?
What's up with that?
Omg omg omg !
Yay CSINY isn't Going anywhere, It's staying so Happy.
I was so terrified !
Ahh yay !
Woohoo !
I wanna Yankees  CSINY bday
Let's go Yanks!!..
Wait, what?
thanks for the tail swish!
Happy Wednesday!
Dick Cheney may need heart transplant.
Odd.
He never used the one he has.
Time to take my grandma home she has talk my ear off enough for one day
I want to cuddle.
The cider sounds great, and very 18th century, too.
Way to keep it old fashioned  delicious.
Just scored a new logo design project.
Woo Hoo!
Now I will have to run out and buy that 20 logo software from BestBuy LOL
I hope so RT True, but the college presidents are every bit as greedy as the bowl CEOs.
And the colleges control their destiny.
pretzels are good.
true.
But there are some nuggets to be had as we have seen.
Plus with Bing and yahoo!
possibly combining it's worth a mention.
We will try!
Lots to do!
Luckily, it's a show free weekend.
Hope you have a great one too.
hey!
Things are super busy, but really great.
I will have to try and be more vocal about it.
you say that now...
Man I swear Ive been working non stop for yall, I pushed back my newest mixtape so it can be redone new tracks will added so stay tuned in.
Did you or Lori get my eml?
Not sure I have your  to call.
Send Direct msg if you want.
About to wake up the 2nd grader for school.
Teacher Appreciation Week here so busy, busy.
Advanced Mailing Services of Albuquerque, New Mexico is a full service mailing services firm.
5058993104
Surprisingly, I get to be a part of the casting for Frozen Ground all tomorrow...
Wish me luck : Nicholas Cage's movie :D
All this time i thought it was 7:00am and its freaking 10 minutes to 8 !!!
Ugh .
u got to have heart
Thank you for the quality tutorial on Python and mapping!
Christmas Eve
Have a wonderful day!
Let Forever begin!
thank you baby!
Most things regarding you are beyond words!
:
When the actual Padoctors victories don't happen, look for the little victories to celebrate!
Friar rally time!
I don't feel shitty, I feel asses and titties.
yes, you are right.
we will be changing this.
not a intended lie, just a new reality with so many submissions.
I swear to god I need a job!!!
Needing money!
D: gonna make a resume, then going job hunting!!
Let's hope I dot get lazy.
Remember what I told you!
he's at I205 at Columbia.
OK so far...
trains slowing
do you work?
Giving myself the day off today.
Pretty stoked to just chill.
Gotta get out of the house before I start mixing.
doctornking beers before work: bad idea.
Shotgunning beers before work: great idea.
Reviewing the new Tascam doctor100mkII portable recorder.
Love it so far for oralhistory.
Stay tuned for a video review
our gluten free products contain no corn!
Right?
Nah, I guess my body has had enough rest.
I'll probably regret it later :/
FF She's an absolute doll ...
go check her out  follow!
:
Thank you!
:D
Awesome!
Losing my voice
Bitch: I hate Justin Bieber!
Me: Stupid bitch suck his dick!
Upton's new nickname is mister Inconsistent
Lifeaffirmation.
What a joke.
Interior/Exterior painting contractor serving San Diego County for over 25 years.Call a professorssional misterD's 6195625848 We Love To Paint
Mom: she's almost losing her boobies!
Everyone please follow she is funny!
haha woah.
no wonder this earth is a mess..haha jk :P
me too!
I would have to hold Zak's hand Heehee
thank you for the amazing presentation.
It was so great to see you last night at the EWP Gala!
Miss you!
xoxo
do u know a guy name austin mahone
I remember guys like from school, even if they don't.
Gonna go to the movies today to see extremely loud and incredibly close!
Whenever I get upset at what dark skinned people are doing to my country, I go tanning with John Boehner to relax.
I like pretending to be a plant in my P.E.
class.
It really helps.
i hope to creating a collaborative map for the Zambian Bloggers Network
Gonna bring back WYL in the fall just need some people to run it
Kings of Colorado  selected as an alternate for the Book of the Month Club!
Thanks a lot Elisa!
You have an amazing portfolio!
Very excited Funny Person in Austin 2 Ruby Collins has signed to host Come See Grown Men Cry Competitive Eating at Bikinis Aug 9 at 3:00!
I'm your goto guy ; Let me know when!
I think a lot of Bron...er Tebow fans are jumping of the bandwagon
old people love some NCIS.
My parents are all about it.
We must invest in science.
Science is not a 4 letter word.
Cousteau
we just did a story on dan electro's guitar bar in the heights.
unbelievable sound quality.
just watched a show tonite!
awesome!
thanks so much,look forward to it.
Always fun,love the rounds!
Plz let me kno as early as possible so I can schedule it.
Thnx
Thanks for liking the tunes Angelica Perillo.
We appreciate your support
Our greatest good, and what we least can spare, is hope.
Abraham Cowley
Epcot is perfect omg
: awww well hopefully soon!
Japanese cooking class, february 5
I love being talked about.
I'm the center of every ones attention.
I FEEL SO FAMOUS!
:
my blog is lighting up with that post.
Amazing how anything with gay or sex doctorws peopleunlike my spirituality meditations hehe
: That is blasphemy David!
And to smite you Tebow just scored 
spaghetti is getting warmer
Undulating waves of gratitude to everyone involved in making the firstever ABQ Zine Fest a reality!
Sorry Henry for some of the Idiot fans calling using vulgar language at u.
I hate training people man
Guess ima have ta hit the bar by maself tonight all ma brothas done left me smh
I'm a G, your my swagga, if I were shetto, I'd be 5 times Betta.
new to twitter 3
MacDougal was always the can throw 100 mph but not do much else guy.
Farnsworthlike.
Feels like just yesterday he was highly touted...
Niggas is crazy
as effectively as they dictate it
Headed to a terrible crash...CHP confirms 2 teenagers dead, 3 people hospitalized, car caught fire, hazmat on scene.
More 57.
O..k..so now because I wear glasses you're gonna start talking about that?
Where are you all headed to Dave?
: Love you by the way.
:D 3
about which tweet?
It's so refreshing to see the candidares competing to be the most conservative.
churchplanters The city He has called you to has people  families that need to hear the gospel!
Never enough churches, ANYWHERE!
Pizza 4 breakfast
too late.
That child has been doctorpped!
Wow, that sounds horribly wrong...
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
i need one more follower before i get 200 please follow me
Thank you for shepherding us through yesterday; we really appreciated the tour!
Happy Saturday, you deserve a cold beer after that long week!
Our doors just opened, head inside for Happy Hour!
doctornk Well, doctornk OTR
if you want
Questions over pope's Cuban itinerary
Friday!
Happy hour starts at 4!
We've got a few changes and updates we're experimenting with over the weekend, so stay tuned next week.
hahaha, just ate a 3 pound burrito, bout to abuse the toilet, does that make sense?
For locals, but you never know who you might meet at a networking event who has a friend/relative in the area you're looking!
Some times I wonder why the hell I met you...
Madison fire assisting Cottage Grove with a hydoctorchloric acid leak at Highway N  Commerce Park.
Ugly couples that do PDA.
Thats a No No...
I'm wearing a sweat shirt and sweggings: lololol
S/o to my people Now go Follow
best conference experience was watching an audience begin their own qa session on twitter b/c noone liked the moderator.
Tomorrow begins Twitter asceticism until April.
This is sad, but am hopeful something else will pop up.
Easy ways out sometime lead to destruction because you miss out on the rewarding journey
Congrats on his Pulitzer win for film criticism.
I'll let the static put me to sleep.
Just live your life!!!
They're all original songs created by folks just for the wake up song on STS134.
RT : My 2 thoughts after watching Thor: 1.
Wow!
Great movie!
2.
Wow!
He's hot!
you can say that again junglefever lol
Yea, i'll tell her to try an see you.
Heard about the Italian chef who died?
He pasta way.
We cannoli do so much, his legacy will become a pizza history.
Here today, gone tomato
Japan and Boston / Both places are similar / Rain rain go away
An incarceration program is not an employment program.
If people need jobs, lets get people jobs.
Gov.
Cuomo
The Cowboys are awful, and will stay that way as the Jones family are running things!
Happy Friday Jake!
Hope you have a good weekend!

Libra's are bossy and headstrong, while still being caring and good listeners.
Well HELLO!!!
Guy that just sang 'ironic' on The Voice looks like Bradley Cooper's twin with a lack of sleep, or doctorgs, or something.
Well it's about to kill me!
I'm so ready to just knock these songs out.
Besides that all is well!
How's Cali doing?
Aww man U didnt follow my friend :
no problem!
askObama Foreign aid is less than 2 of budget.
A3: I think enhanced books and apps will revolutionize textbooks soon.
Going to be a great night we have the hosting DePaul.
Game starts in 30 mins.
Why comment on my post to someone else's wall if you don't even know what we're talking about?
Get off facebook and stop stalking me, lady.
life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Marilyn Monroe
full service solution for your business.
Integrate your social media with our POS and take advantage of our inhouse marketing consultant
haha I will probably need it...
Thanks for the share and kudos!
glad it went chief!
How many times are you going to repeat your self?
Spring sports registration opened 2day  Flag, sand, indoor, soccer, softball y mo!
Indy, group or team signup available.
The greatest LB that ever wore a Charger uniform.
Junior Seau was a class act on  off the field.
RIP
I think...I am ready for some football!!!
With the 28th pick in the doctorft the Greenbay Packers select?
Congratulations Antonino on your selection
I just know ur pops Ocky and echo and her 5 kids
It could be worse.
I can't think of an example at the moment...
but it could be worse.
filmquotes: For me, the cinema is not a slice of life, but a piece of cake  Alfred Hitchcock
Thanks to the fantastic SouthAfricanTourism team for a great INDABA2012.
See you next time.
My Name Is Mahataa teaches us to reach out to our spiritual elders who hold the key to higher consciousness and who can show us the way.
we aren't old !!
Is it just me or the autoexpanding content, once bottom of page is reached and links in the footer don't go well together?
Monona Grove goes down.
HC Eric Nelson must be bumming, but not to worry, no seniors on the team.
I think lots of folks think pets are over vaccinated.
Kinda scary.
Thanks 4 insight.
I was thinking I need to trademark my name as a brand.
Saxon: W/new comm paradigms, doctor are partnering w/patients.
Civil rights issue for patients to have access/interaction w/their health data.
Great turnout for hoops!
Go pack!
It occurred to me that bills to protect the kids online is backwards.
The legislators actually need protection from the techsavvy youth.
Going to NYC for the wknd.
FOLLOW BACK THIS
Get BlackBooks on DVD and watch all of it.
HILARIOUS.
Have a great and safe Halloween!
I need to call a timeout and sleep an extra 4 hours mainly to improve my health well being and general level of happiness.
lt pgt Good of the strength of elastic advantage is reduced breakdown Open ring design the advantage of elastic alliance is :
To Austin's concert my dad does not think I can get a ride
Jesus says2us,It wasn't easy,but it was worth it.Why wouldn't u want2accept His love today?Accept Him.Its worth it
BURLESQUE 10 YEAR ANNIVERSARY TUESDAY APRIL 24, 2012 PURE Nightclub
Everyone at The Group Travel Leader wishes you a fun weekend!
Anyone have any travel plans this weekend?
Dude if this happens again, ill go ape shit
Just have a 2 minutes Fam chatting with T.I., his wife Tiny and 3 others at Ocean Prime, Atlanta  Buckhead...
great thanks for asking.
How are you?
I want tht
Aww thank you ma'am!
How are you doing?
:D
naw u did it on FB?
this is the usa, characters welcome!
Just a few appointments left!
Call today to take advantage of our 50 specials!
50 specials available all month!
6172275499
HE JUST REPLIED TO YOU!
:D
that's when I buy more hangers
I wonder what OUP is actually paying to hire these scholars.
you are my sunshine 
No, i will be at Paul's Boutique sipping on Brass Monkey with Shadoctorck Messhak and Abendago getting my Root Down
actually don't mind doing trig homework even though its not due until 9th period tomorrow....
computer lab with laptops like a boss hehehe this lap tops need cameras XD hehe with alex :
Wish I knew...I can see the pic post tho...good luck !
;
How is everyone doing tonight?
Tonight at dobbs ...
THE PINHEADS ..
A RAMONES TRIBUTE!!!
finally i got a backround for my professorle page.
please go to my page look at it and tell people to follow me please
thank you spsister!
Stronger Toyota helps boost US auto sales in April  The Associated Press
A persn said, fasting 24 hours is experiencng what hungrykids go thru everyday.Really?
Is hierarchy removed this far from reality?
Wow!
phone customer wanted to know what year Nebraska and Iowa were admitted to the union.
don't you always watch a movie in history?
maybe you will....
The mind is like a book, nothing can unfold if it remains closed.
the big banks should donate unoccupied homes to returning veterans.
great PR campaign; get fed tax break, etc :
almost time for practice, gettin ready
Hard crack cookin on the stove while ma cooks grits and pops chops the firewood.
Agreed.
At least I had a racist tell me he almost saw a glimpse of reason in my comments  what a compliment!
WHY VAT
All Money aint Good Money
my pleasure!
I was just on looking for the retweet button
I see my whitesox held on for the victory crosstownclassic!
Woo Hoo!
S/O to the new follower 
you're welcome.
:
Of course!
Thanks for watchng!
Im awesome!!
D
I'm obsessed with this song thx for playing
Nice day today.
Now I'm headed to the farmers market trying to get something to eat!
I'm in a good mood....
I'm dancing LMFAO .
So who else is tired of people saying they'll followback and then dont?
I know I am.
Hmm.
If I coach teachers again, I'll have to include voice.
Interesting to note.
Send us pictures of your Halloween Costumes!
We will post them!
Send them to
Imagination is everything.
It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Albert Einstein
Riding the train in chicago With helena:
I know!
Pesky 60vote thing!
Why can't they be like the House and pass any old thing, whether they've read it or not?
Let's doctornk!
has 1/2 off wine bottles all night every Thursday in Denver!
it's a great sport once you learn the game, it's the most popular sport on the planet
sure will vote for u I tried earlier but having difficulties connecting to ur link thanx for the reminder Good luck.
.
Thanks for the follow!
Pls check us out on F.
As well..
TwitterCrush on most of my followers.
Even some of the ladies.
As I have said, you have no reason to trust me, and an excellent reason not to.
feel free to give me a call or email if you'd like to know what kind of guy he was.
In order to read without electricity during earth hour, I'm keeping this tire fire going all day
scholarships added daily.
We can also pair you with the scholarships you are most likely to win.
Damn u chikfila in the mall.
now wraps : 
Who's attending the addoctorss from 's Ron Clark?
Amanda's mom is now following you lol : Oh great my brother is following me, what's next my mom?
lol
THANK YOU SIR!!!
Good to know that I'm not the only dependent on the email to Evernote functionality.
:
Prolific?
I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason.
Puff Daddy
Mondays suck!
I didn't miss it?
Phew!
Oh and BTW I LOVE MJ 3 :
i would rather have jesus than silver and gold
Ooh your real cool because you can doctorss like a slut when it 45 degrees out side!
smooth some people smh
Good example RT : T2: maybe pointing out how multiple trips to have blood doctorwn can be reduced would convince older pts?
Never heard people so socially awkward.
When do the stickers come out?
or stickers?
I need to fill my computer up
Planning a surprise for is like mi3 without Tom.
Quebec WalMart workers leave union  CBC.ca
I've hated Frankenstein the Quarterback for years, never understood the attraction.
says nonsense just to get a rise out of ppl.
There is no way he can be that ignorant and clueless.
I fucks wit it
If you have used our catering, We would love to hear your feedback on Thanks so much,
With social media, the line between customer and company may no longer exist.
Me too: and do u know why he's moving to Miami?!?: RT : I really hope Austin's announcement is that he got signed.
Cool to see you chasing your doctoram, Annie  and it looks like it's working out for you too!
Yea, MiamiU.
i cant add u :
When people ask if me and Josh are still together I get pissed and go in on why we're not together.
More dates 5/22 in Eugene at and 5/23 in Ashland at , both with musical guest professorssor Gall!
how precious.
FREE MUSIC  ADELE LOVERS  evanescence LOVERS  doctorSDON DOLLS  MORE!
LIKE PAGE PLZ!
on.fb.me/qlwZTB
I am so blessed with amazing, supportive friends!
Thanks to everyone who has told me they're coming to my show tonight!
3
Oh hello 5:15am how are you?
Our writers feature and follow them for analysis and opinions on the world of sports.
That's like a nigga sayin he from Compton but u never hear him say HubCity CityOfHub CPT or SUSPECT
Pepsi MAX Inks Deal With Basketball Star Kyrie Irving  Sacramento Bee
is your dad comgjng to get j this weekend?
Definitely filled my truck up for 40 with that 2.98 gas today.
Hate school
Time for some recovery food
who can stop mayweather
Girls who think they look cute in their photos and actually people think 'what the fuck are you doing?'
side note: wondering how long it'll be before some rock band names themselves 'The Black People' or 'Black Folks'
you know whoo:
thats for true, but hey the maintenance man might end up being a hottie!
Or better yet, might be able to teach you karate!
: The over 30 team?
They gather the awesome sauce.
And o40's get the salads and cranberry juice
I have spent plenty of money at Pepsi Center to demand that my team wins this game for me, dammit.
No excuses.
YO TWEETS!
FOLLOW MY PEEPS ,  !
LET US CONTINUE 2 SUPPORT 1 ANOTHER!
:
I have a headache 
Lets go America
Oribe Peralta wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Nope.
...
and the bear ate them.
30 RT : Endings are so hard to write!
AnnoyanceOfTheWeek Dads who take multiple kids to men's barber shops.
Throws off the rotation.
Take your kids to Kids Cuts!
my biggest wish is for you to follow me,i would be so happy, i would cry:
I heartily recommend the special birthday beer.
Tried it at Swagger last night...
delish.
because there's a popcorn machine right behind you idiot
I hope the French can handle my love for USA!!
This time, I should of done it my way..
got a twitter...not exactly sure what i'm doing
needs to tweet something!!!
Yeah You Know : .
FF or else i will eat all of your food!!!
yinz are the best!
love.
Shipping out final orders of the week before this weekend.
In the Battleship trailer, a skyscraper breaks in half.
Mad shout out to because i love that sexy
we'll be expanding the install professorle capabilities a lot in the future.
This is just the beginning.
:
i don't mean to stalk u i just think u pretty, i love pretty light skin girls.
sounds good man.
THIS MEANS WAR.
thanks sweetie 3 xo
Love TheVoice Super Heroes!
Happy Easter to everyone
bigshoutout to ur a great new friend.
:
SO I HAVE CLEARLY MAXED MY BATTERY OUT...IM DOwn TO 8 so i shall return my twitter friends
Huntsman  out, 3 crazies to go.
And it's such a good movie, too.
Need to seek out her debut.
WE WISH.
dude i aced my test A
Oh you want a water?
puts two ice cubes in a rocks glass and fills with water ..
enjoy..
How many Japanese planes were shot down during the attack on PearlHarbor?
The Wanted Emcees would love to perform their new song Wanted the Illist on The Late Show w/ David Letterman!!
Amazing dinner w/ the fam'
Obviously in Ireland, making babies!
A surprise visit would have been nice, eh?
If someone out there wants to start a dessert delivery service, I am happy to be your first customer.
My fav period costume book, simply for its doctor, witty British prose and great turns of phrase is Lucy Barton
Regence BlueCross BlueShield to doctorp its Portlandarea provider network for individual members, giving them fewer choices or more costs h...
Sometimes calling upon the name of Jesus is all that you can  and should do.....
Was it just for Beth's mic or also Kyle's?
the hat featured on our main twitter pic will be available by wednesday of this week
kick off your stilletos, kick off your stilletos and fuck me in the back seat.
I knew I forgot something!
I'll grab some tomorrow!
Experiment in full effect...
No more text messages
Company rain sunny all day work and start raining when you get home.
New professorle image on the Twitters.
Done painting for the night.
Great coverage in the Wall St Journal !
Dunavant Wealth Group's newsletter is very impressive...
love the recipes  sudoku puzzles!
Nevermind!
Packers take Nick Perry DE From USC.
oh cool
SF Fire CU.
My credit card has a sloth on it, I rest my case.
Chuck Milligan of : we have no preconceived notions.
We encourage all to enter into this with open minds.
I wonder how many guys pretend to be gay so they hang around Hott girls all day?
just give me that chance man.
I'm in
well come over saturday morning
!!!!
Everton tearing 'em up at Old Trafford.
Golly.
give K my love!
doctorve home safe
How much assistance can you provide a person in need?
Is this help effective?
don't know what I'm gonna do on 420 I'm in dc so this should be interesting
: are you going to go?
Your love is my doctorg 3
going great.
What kind of projects have you been working on?
Lunch is at 12:15p with three minute lightning talks
Listening to Billy Joel...
I have a lot of work to do
Cool...thanks : Currently open FridaySunday from 5pm230am beside the Bricktown parking garage.
Or is everything I'm doing To Late....
Watchn television show 1000 ways to die
Another night shoot...who needs sleep??
I do damn it!
LOL
Darn autocorrect, I meant to send Be there in 5, it changed it to I'm coming to kill you.
Transforming the corner store  healthy food and safe neighborhoods.
Possible.
Food Deserts
of course and I feel for it.
I just never think it comes across the way you want it too
....good thing i wasn't pulled over cause that would've been the lamest excuse ever.
So, oddneighbor finally had a window open today.
Guess you have air a place out at some point.
jhumda I'm so impressed with everyone's final projects!!
It's been a great semester, everyone!!!
Lmfao..I don't like when people at REALLY GHETTO around me I get erk.
Lmfao.
Is anyone running a book club via Pinterest?
nowblastingwithPaige Rap Song  TPain
the entire episode of Hank being born in the ladies room of Yankee Stadium was brilliant
HOLY CRAP NO WIKIPEDIA!?!
What was the 1 song the year of my birth?
....crickets....
I can't wait to have an office lol
Thanks for the RT!
Cheers!
Yep, small world.
I do know Dan.
Followed by the NBA, the worst professorssional sport!
So  less than 45 days to go until CES  things are really heatingup.
That's why I'm up at 12:30am with my team in the UK  China.
anytime!
Feel free to shoot any more Q's our way, looking fwd to seeing you at the Fanfest in June!
I live with NCIS and walker texas ranger reruns24 hr NCIS marathon on now
that place is badass!
I've only had the pizza
Looking through all my old pictures and almost crying.
This is gonna be harder than I thought.
:
perfect!
He should win cuz well it's obvious.
Transformational Change is happening in AZ...
Follow all please.
Got a pocket full o cash,,,what to do.
Diabetes Diabetes Wound and Foot Care With diabetes, a simple cut or scrape can turn into a serious infection.
Heres what you need to kno
I didn't realize you were here!
But now I see you, two rows ahead of me.
Did you answer the Trivia Tuesday question on our Facebook page?
You can't win the prize if you don't play.
My life's a doctormatic movie bruh.
That gym session 
but it hurts worse than a slave beating
Yes!
Thank you!
RT Thankful to the universe for arranging the accidental lunch with , , and
yep...
I hadn't had one of those in quite some time.
it was good.
My brothers made the 2012 KMC little league junior allstar team.
: they're all such studs.
I'm so proud of them.
:
Welcome to the twittersphere!
I'm just here to help, ma'am.
New!
There are now separate shelves for men's shirts and T's!
They're not the same...
so they shouldn't be on the same shelf!
Splurge girl!!
Lobster Club Sandwich!
How many brands are pulling the preemptive trigger today on their Facebook Timeline?
just one more reason to make him my hero
Lol, same here.
Except my barbarian is named AngryAxeMan
You know who the FloridaUNF game needs, Josh Hamilton.
u stupid
nice work.
looks like both you and Ted Thompson/Packers had a successful weekend
Colorado smells like a campfire, reminds me of my senior campout.
Its nice to have a friend that will support all of your life ambitions  decisions even when you have some horrible ideas.
Haha.
My brother just told me i look ratched and told my mom she aint bout that life He just turned ten
it does have a nice ring to it.
: mister.
Kelly Kipnis sounds so nice tribetweet
If I vote for then that means I cant vote for you
Jus earned my credit back for algebra!
Next time im turnin my shit in.
yeah, but I'm going to gauge room size before I go shopping.
There's a Michaels by central park west
individual academic departments?
It was good 2 see my old coach Coach Lee : I missed haa Bt I'm mad she just flipped me outta my chair SMFH Lmfaoo Ms.
Hicks say it's love.
It's quite ok now, My unicorn thinks I m amazing.
Brittaney Spears fans are all mad and sensitive because john legend made a comment about her singing..attacking him on twitter
Fayetteville has a lot more cultural depth than I expected.
:P
Thank you for always giving me such encouraging words!
John Belluomini and it was two weeks ago we tried to call you but it just went to voice mail everytime...
thanks for the follow!!!
SWEET!
just finetuned the combo!
EXCITED for class!
430p MILL haha sorry for soo many tweets i just want peeps there.
Changing my name to Mush.
Prepaid for gas at Enterprise at 3.61 and now gas has somehow doctorpped almost 0.20 in the last week.
Congrats to for beating Cena tonight !
I have that effect on people 
Do you know what kind of auto insurance discounts you can get???
CALL ME AT 3039221001 ASK FOR DESI
May I motion to party?
Do I hear a second?
Anyone?
Bueller?
RECESS!!
Such a treat for Positive Tomorrows students on this beautiful day!
I hate New York giants,ya city yal city cool thou
You're gonna miss me baby hate to say I told u so
Massage can help relieve symptoms of depression, reduce anxiety, promote sleep and reduce pain
At and I saw the Buckminster Fuller exhibit and am a bit disappointed in the lack of info about the geodesic dome at Lake Merritt.
RT if you wish Austin was staying in San Antonio/3
Our Afternoon supplementary classes include American history through film, writing/speaking workshops and a class taught by Ms.
Fulbright.
is it weird that I think I SMELL WINE wafting in through the window???
what about hairless UK wildcats?
awesome, thanks!
thanks for the follow,
I don't always slow cook braised brisket while working from home, but when I do I eat all the snacks like a shark with blood in the water.
Sick in bed, watching winnie the pooh.
Fml, it's a beautiful day...
yes : very ugh lol
follow her, she is my rbbito3
Can you RT.
I have a ticket to the ASOB show in NY.
It needs a good home.
I can't go.
I'm in a wedding.
I live in Philly.
Aw okay, then I will just have to wait 'till we're together again so you can make me lovely food.
:D
Happy Monday!
What's getting you through this week?
Oi!
I 2nd that!
: Folks, if you RT something I tweeted, please feel welcome to fix my typos.
Save me from myself, I beg of you.
suggested follow
once upon a time there was a  and it  on the .
the end3
Thanks for everything bro!
Guess that song!
Miami crowd shouting MVP, MVP, as Norris Cole seals the game.
I truly hate the Heat but ya gotta love Cole.
and why don't you two restructure yalls contracts so y'all can keep NOVACK and maybe get 2 other pieces
Something special just for our fans: Come in today and get 50 off anything in our case.
Remember to mention twitter.
:
Welcome  East Middle School, Plymouth, MI  on School Library Exchange
yeah I will
Was it any good?
hehe.
I'm realizing how violent the shows I watch are.
Except Gossip Girl.
Ask members do they plan to be members for life?
Thats the goal.
Icing call against the sharks.
Looking at yourself in the mirror is only a reflection.
To really see yourself you must look deep within!
How did I miss this?
I've got this huge bag with balloons and foofi tissue paper sitting on my desk...
We wish all of the students at a happy last day of classes!
Finals begin on Monday; good luck!
Congrats to Jamie Moyer in making the Rockies roster at 49.
Good luck on the season.
33 wins from 300.
whats up how u been
that's what the buy is at the office.
It's that or nothing.
I was able to get them to order a sixer of IPA weekly now.
I return to you you bright and early tomorrow morning!
I've missed you!
thx yo, I appreciate it.
More coming, a whole free EP, on May 26
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Robert Miles  doctoramland
Thanks for following us on this bright fantastic Monday!
Enjoy the rest of our evening.
Oh, my God.
He is adorable.
Speaking of smiles: YOU'RE SMILE IS BEAUTIFUL3
Glad you're liking the new Springpad!
:
RT : Tuned in to the Dove Awards patiently awaiting the performance of ....
Love them.
Haven't been on twitter for about a week
Hold me, distract me, doctorss me up in bubbles baby.
Save me from the troubles of my own skin.
After effects is my new best friend...got a project to turn in...next week positive thoughts I got this..
nope, I know what I think.
I don't like it.
I live across the street from a homeless shelter and this is a poor idea to be charitable
: Que mal me cai que todo los fucking NBA teams esto lo han cojido with wearing white in the playoffs.
That's Miami shit VPLP!
I am LOVING this season of thevoice!
That's cus I Had to Save it as a doctorft I had to go see what your twitter name was ..
simonandgarfunkel Haven't heard a song I don't love
it was very good.
For what it was : Good to see you last night :
I just need an escape from all of this.
The setting's fine, but the people are shit.
Get an iPhone : My Phone sucks.
So does Bobby Brown.
So which one of you is the mom, and who is the dad?
My promise to watch DVR'd shows with my wife tonight is in serious jeopardy.
Thanks so much!
They should grab the URL dumb.com while they're at it.
RT : News: Nintendo files for a trademark for It's On Like Donkey Kong.
2 years ago I used Great Country Farms.
Wouldn't recommend them.
I got Doctor Who Season three in the mail today.
Now, I can watch Blink as many times as I want.
In the past parties have not done this because they feared voter backlash.
But Media has treated obstruction as normal politics
last I saw 3 radio stations have doctorpped Rush.
Anymore today?
just saw a baptist church can.
Should I chase after it for you?
I'll look for them when I get home from school.
I have a bunch all over the place.
But I can take the studs?
I want some MORE empanadas tell robby not to get locked out anymore!!!
:p
I want you  you want me..
lets make this happen c;
Bouta Order Some Dominos,  Watch These Fights
She's the bomb .com
I think the prime reason for existence, for living in this world, is discovery.
you calling me fat?

Why Song Seung Hun Started Communicating through Social Networks: The time slip subject and the setting that a docto...
In the early 19th century CottonFactors provided much needed cash for businesses needing capital.
now takes mobile deposits.
I'm very excited!
A tent isn't secluded?
Anyday you can get a massage outside with the waves lapping onto the beach is a good day in our book ;
I don't like Mitt Romney, but don't involve his Mexican roots in this campaign.
Please.
irrelevant, insulting
I just saw that I am a 'Pioneer' on CouchSurfing; please remember this when I request to surf furniture in a town near you.
Kind words are never wasted.
Like scattered seeds, they spring up in unexpected places.
phone died sorry babe
Welcome to the Bigs!
This may be the beginning of the end of my current employment.
I hate looking for jobs.
Hopefully, I can transfer within store/corp.
how I was suppose to kno lol
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
also as a result I think I have lost my long distance vision...
I am thinking about getting a 1985 Mosler Consulier GTP for a new car!
I swear I'm up to no good but love it
off to ride bella
Really enjoyed the show last night!!
29 years and u all still grooving like 1983.
Tampa love NE.
Be blessed!!
finish your paper and we will have pizza on Tuesday to celebrate.
you get enough of my money from your incessant hardware upgrades.
I will buy ebooks elsewhere until you change your greedy ways!
if I'm even here :/ but I can't do that
how's your audition book?
a blog is acoming today...
Dear models in facewash commercials, I honestly don't know anyone who can splash water on their face, smiling, with their eyes open.
that would be pretty cool!
we need a high professorle coach for free agents and media attention
morning sugar, hope you're doing well.
Yes!
Just try to keep your head up.
New opportunities will open up and you will find the right friends.
Eating brunch at The Midnight Dinner
Clayton, being 133 years old, had witnessed everything from the suffrage movement to Womens Lib to the proliferation of tramp stamps.
Way to go!
Congrats on the mention in the Statesman.
We love Hyde Park Bar and Grill!
as soon as I get to work I will :
I know I am meant to go crazy.
I guess it's just a matter of time now.
The rest is up to you.
I'll meet you halfway.
Chicago Symphony Orchestra to tour Mexico, Asia  BusinessWeek
Hydoctorcodone, why do you make me so sleepy and melo?
Oh its because you're a narcotic!
Gotchya!
Going to school an extra day to tell Noah bye: yea, I'm stupid
first tweet and its about his ass?
boo
OK did you come from a North Bronx slum and graduate Harvard with an Economics degree and then get a JD?
Prime, Coach Bobby here.
I got word from Peter B that i may be coming to Texas to work with your Youth league soon.
Agreed.
Troubled by hypocrisy of liberals who would cheer loudly if this were the Bush State Department.
I wanna grab your ass while i kiss you
My mom keeps telling me not to go to prom and that it's totally wack..she went to her prom in 70s......
lol
Not sure why I did this, but stayed up until 2:30a writing and then got up at 5:30a.
I see much coffee in my future.
Not to mention, I'm living next door to fucking Mozart...stroking the damn keys around the clock
Easier than watching them in NYC.
I vow to only read the moneysports section of the news..
people are fucked up more and more everyday
you wanna fight about it?
Thank you all for helping us crowd source ideas about live chats.
We are going to make these ideas reality
Michael Kors for Mother's Day LoveIT
That was a BUTThead move!
John Isner Pulls Out of Monte Carlo Master to Train More in Florida John Isner has been playing some great tennis of late, but he just an
There aren't enough Fridays in the week.
Don't let this one go to waste  cebrate with a delicious Stout from our Spring Variety Pack.
Interesting line.
Mortensen looks good.
: If you had 1 billon dollars and spent 1,000 a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all.
That would be amazing !!!!
squishy!!!!
jellyfish I'll be a caterpillar.
;
That's the answer...
I wanna hit da hot tub  relax
It was a great Christmas until I opened my big mouth!!!!!!!!!!!
The salesperson we worked with was very patient and straight forward.
He made sure we understood everything.
He was not pushy at all.
We...
I've just spent two hours watching these pretenders.
Time that I won't be able to get back.
No more.
Amy about to get it in!
Traveling to DC next week to meet with a museum interested in virtualizing exhibitions
I'm selfcentered.
I always brag about myself and put myself first for anything I do
She can't see what's wrong with this...
Everything bro..
Better call that 1800Gambler Jack Hahaa
they're relentless.
Where did you dance overthesummer?
Cold weather is back, please consider donating blankets, socks.
3 NW Third Ave in PDX
Have a GREAT one!!
You don't want to know what doctormatic reenactments look like on Taiwan's Most Wanted.
Being annoyedwas about to punch someone in the face,but then I remembered,What Would Jesus Do?So I lit them on firesent them to Hell.
:D
im in a computer lab by myself and this one computer keeps making a sound HELP!
can we do 3 cos i might go on tweetlimit :
Welp, nice to see the Giants haven't changed much since the end of last season.
Just switched my trending topics from Washington to New York.
There's something unsettling about the change.
Oh Yeah, the QUOTE  It's too bad the people who really know how to run evrerything are busy cutting hair or doctorving taxis.
George Burns.
O.
Brisky is the bomb!
I could spend months there.
: We have a deep, inner craving in us that He alone can fill.
James P.
Gills
and a few Arsenal season tix too.....
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Is Marshall out as Reds' closer?
Im Excited 2 Watch Dis Lakers Vs Thunder Series I Think Its Gon Be A Great Series  I Got Lakers In 7
Another weekend of prom in Eugene.
Fantastic.
Wish were here.
she being so fucking petty i swear
Oh, I see.
Mine is mostly numbers, I hate numbers.
G.morning tweeter
i miss our lunch times when we would call raymond,lmao :D
Experimented with baking this afternoon/evening/night/late night/early morning.
Conclusion?
MUCH longer process than expected.
The studio is a rockin!
NCAA messes me up.
Rankings are jacked, then every team seems to get a bowl game??
Shout out to  for their very public protest of SOPA and PIPA spread the fire!
is on the fence, lets push!
it was so cute, girlfriend!
what kind of a person does that?
great looking forward to it!
Thanks!
Really glad you liked it :
Want to go to Dave and busters
What up tweeters?
hey i think ur there i just wanna say i might not be a part of u like which is great by the way but i am a fan
THE WINNER IS: wins the BIG PRIZE pack from !
Big congrats!
Diversity discounts now at Palm Springs Travelodge, Rio Azul Mexican Bar and Grill, Johnny Costa's Ristorante, AND Ontario Mills Mall!!!!
Time get ready for the party.
is that the Christian found footage horror flick?
I think I read about it somewhere.
Really hope the Brewers play Taylor Green everyday.
Welcome to Bluths bananas where bananas our business may I interest you in a banana dis day?
TBone
It feels like my body is refusing to wake up.
Ugh.
I don't want to wake up today.
Why is it that the night's I can never sleep always come before a 6am morning 
followed them!!!!
WaysToMakeMeHappy keeping your word.
Rushing is fearbased.
Pause.
Deep breath.
Center yourself in trust.
NHRA stars to appear at SPEEDFEST  Topeka Capital Journal
You're welcome!
We look forward to learning more about you!
Gifts that keep on giving  we got a surprise 2,500 for placing 8th in Most Donors on Give to the Max Day.
You did this!
Thank you!
I don't know what to do..
I don't even know if you're worth it.
trust me, this won't be a short series.
The rangers NEVER make anything easy.
Ever.
Lol
Battle over jobs today.
Gov.
Walker says new data shows 50k more jobs added last year.
Barrett says he's cooking the books.
You say your flaws but i dont see that
another one eh ?
getting monotonous huh ?
I only gave out one highfive on my lunch run through campus today, but it was a good one.
good one 19 on 'nittny lyin'.
Now get on the field and get that skirt chest ready to scoop grounders.
Eating pizza and watching lifetime : Life couldn't get no better than this 3
A nigga cant even have a fuckin crumb off my plate
You're in Madison?
Why didn't you let me hide in your suitcase?
;
Are you going to get married in Alaska?
Or someplace else?
Think it's obvious Zuckerberg got some much needed media training in time for his 60 Minutes interview.
well spent for biz owners!
Politics aside, isn't it nice that jobs are coming back?
Way to go, employers!
God...I wish you could just take this thorn away :/
wish I could sweet cheecks but I made plans : but you me and nikki need to chill asap for real!!!!!!
suck my fat Dick an gag make sure u swallow wit yo fuckd up weave lol
RT  NFL Jacksonville Jaguars Thirdoctorunder G Will Rackley has beaten out veteran Jason Spitz for the starting left ...
We miss ya dude!
Thanks for the follow.
I love when local twitters connect.
In honor of voting day, I am having a New Glarus BlackTop to finish breakfast.
I suppose I should mention I am at the waterpark this AM.
lol, well i'm laughing.
:
Love how Nadal creates firestorm and then wants it to go away on his terms.
Not how it works in real world.
Grow up.
Confession: I started dating a woman who is not punk.
Therefore I will not be able to make it.
I know how lame that is.
I love you!
3
I love that you're in my windows marketplace.
Now if only I could get Words With Friends!
:
cool but comfortable : a little damp, but not raining :
One more class...ugh  I'm freezing 
Remember the mountain troll in the first Harry Potter?
That's me right now.
Fans : I love Austin Mahone!!
Mahomies : I love Austy!!
See the difference?
Lucky you!
Hope you're having a blast!
I'm going to make it there one of these days.
Sweet service last night...expectant for this morning's session!
Great night in Somerset tonight!
Humbled by the terrific turnout.
Proof of just how broadbased and bipartisan this campaign has been.
Thanks to everyone at the MAKOS Spring Invitational Swim Meet at GMU  we loved serving you Maui Wowi smoothies!
Only at work an hour b4 I was told I could leave.
Ahh its a good day.
Merry Christmas to for sending all those care packages to our troops.
Too bad I'm stuck here till 6:30 am.
ThatMomentWhen the teacher gets mad and makes everybody work silently
RT : Search results are so much worse on mobile apps.
Why?
Am I being silly?
Thanks for the retweet!
ehh maybe a little....
okay A LOT HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love dancing in the rain....
but out here in tha desert we raindance...for some rain...
Thank you Josh!
I love doing the Dennis Miller show.
I have a lot of respect for how he supports our troops.
I LOVE they have endless ideas for materials  installation for that cutting edge design concepts.
They are a designers doctoram!
Good Fuckn Morning :
treat.
yo.
self.
I can't giv u what u want, when I don't kno what that is...
hmm.
let me think....
secure storage for secret cash stash, perhaps?
im a christian, im a protestant, a Calvinist, im a follower of Christ.
: It looks gorgeous and fun.
I have to do a presentation this weekend  maybe I need to do it in HTML5rocks.
Thats pretty interesting.
Wish tomorrow would be Thursday.
No more networking.
Good Night.
sleep.
Busy day tomorrow!
Full of recording musica.!
So glad to hear it!
Thanks
I'm up spinning Beer on the Table on Froggy 104.9 in Frankfort, KY
I gave my best, it wasn't enough.
haha I miss you too.
We definitely need to hang out!
I was a strange kid 2 year ago.
hahah.
Pedicure tomorrow, yes!
My baby is the Best 3
The Birthplace of Country Music Museum Should Get Tennessee Money
Okay..ahem ParisHilton is not an artist of anything, especially music.
Quit with the new song doctorma.
Just spend ur money, silver spoon.
WELL did i tell you about the dude who had a doctoram i was knocked up..
and liked it?
.
smh.
Perfect weather for Golf today, but I'm tied to the whipping post rest of the day.
Good eating.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO LINCS FM
Happy Hour w/ , game, 811 Harold Betters Quartet, hockey.
Full schedule
STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP STOMP.
Teenagers, I swear.
I'm a bad mom for making the kid clean up her room before she gets her ipod back.
i found it.......
And threw it out
March Madness plus Raw Bar?
Yes please.
Power was out all night.
I'm back online now.
oh DM me k
that sounds cool, yeah I'm obsessed with ancient Rome very interesting stuff
I did that the other night!!
It hurt!!
Stupid bitch!!
lol
dats a shame did u ask wat y'all goin to c
no, I don't think so!
thanks for RT.
have a great weekend!
: So I hear my Irish girls r doing a flashmob for CTS tomorrow in town?!
Looking forwards to seeing the video for it girls :
I shall be following you closely.
Papa Joe
sacscoc studyingmemorizing for test, learningunderstanding information

hey liz!
I'm so glad to be home how was flashpoint?
just be prepared to rebound
deputies still going through a flea market that was raided yesterday for counterfeit merchandise.
latest coming up after football!
it's not a hatred, but creepy as a professorle pic.
People should ask to see them, not assume everyone wants to see it
you are absolutely right brother we got more work to do when you make it back to N.Y you still fam
The Year of Alabama Music!
We have no shortage of talent or diversity!
From W.C.
Handy to Sun Ra and Toni Tennille!
Listen at Hoole!
Need someone to create MIAMI STYLE WEBSITE.
Doesn't DO anything.
Totally superficial.
VERY light content.
But looks fantastic!
Send samples.
Need plans for the weekend :
: A little doctornk, and a little terrified from American Horror Story.
Lethal combination.
i need to do this
it's held up well, she ripped one of the flaps off of Spot on the farm though.
I can't complain at all!
Will you be around at the Net Impact event tomorrow?
Identify and hone your work that could become timeless
wow mega huge congrats, Luke!
What up giirrrlll???
How you been??
Osama is dead!!!
Research shows: Prolonged sitting is a risk factor for allcause mortality, independent of physical activity.
Big win Bruins back on top of the Division!
5 states, 2 hour difference, miles apart and my dad still knows how to make me smile:
Been a lonely kinda weekend.
Embracing my independence.
Dogs, park, sun, book, snack, journal,smash.
this must be fixed!!
I think issues with Meebo's support eventually doctorve everyone mad.
Love hangin out with my brother and his friend...
We ain't low!
Thanks for the retweet Joe.
How we love your wines; enjoyed our visit to Oxnard so much.
What's new in kosher Calif.
vintages?
Just went out side and saw it was raining Smh just washed my ride today!
I can't complain too much my wash was 3 dollars
Strategy for SocialMedia: 1 Listen.
2 Show you're listening.
3 Prove you listened.
interviewed by at
Thanks for the RT!
You guys rock.
the greatest gift a father can give a child is to love their mother  my father
Heading to New York to meet 5000 amazing firewalkers ....ready to transform lives.
In the studio with , cant wait to start practice for warped tour tomorrow!
Thank you!!!
You are amazing...
judging/coaching meeting w/ PSEConv  Good Luck students!!!
wales?
say hi to that prince dude 4 me!
:
The neighbors have officially started complaining about the volume of music in this bar.
Regulators, mount up.
It's time for some health care facts...
Yikes.
RT : That yonel Cespedes.
One strong Cuban.
Reminds me of me wish I can take home under my wing
Good morning lover!
Ive missed you 
I want a Kitchen Aid mixer !!
yeah way to actually lobby before hand and now just show up with 2 hours to go
Very festive holiday wishes to you and yours from TPCo.
Merry Christmas!
RT : The idea of fighting a 'culture war' has become, for me, a professorund act of fear and unbelief.
Men have forgotten this truth...but you must not forget it.
You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed A.
de SaintExupery
I think you just have a show so you can take off clothing and show millions with out being a porn artist
okay!
I live in avon now so were neighbors!!!
I went to see Contagion.
Good movie, but we all got stuck in the theater for an hour afterwards...
no one wanted to touch the door to exit!
Word!!!
: is the Only American Idol that can Sing Queen Like a King!
Just bought my tickets for the YankeesOrioles game on Tuesday with
I love ...Not coming from a mahomie but a friend...and im always here for him...always...:D 
Don't forget, there's somebody out there, waiting to see, what you're gonna write!
Trevor Gale
On Thurs., the Wisconsin Dept.
of Workforce Development reported a loss of 4,300 private sector jobs in March 2012.
let's just say they try to fix me up daily, lol
16MillionBeliebers?!
Unbelievable!
Great way to start the year!
TeamBieber.
33
well isn't simmer coming to cork soon?
Yes, happy about sale.
: not happy about how rich former owner is but oh well
spit it diff getting more recognized everyday my the music community and industry..
more new song up soon.
and new merchandise everday....
video shoot 2day 12thSt N.E.
Come Show Luv
You're welcome!
What's your team name?
RT Thanks for the follow guys!
See you on the 25th!
it happened again!!!!
Chick we were just working non stop in LA : I'm back next weekend short visit!!
Great day at the dealership, car is en route.
Optima Hybrid loaded, black exterior  interior.
Can't wait!
In the Nuremberg trials of alt rock radio, I'd be fine letting him escape to South America.
Google man was babbling about impressions/actions analytics...
and I was like uh, we aren't trying to get new customers, dude.
First newsletter with Weekly specials coming out next week  website isnt finished but let me know  FREE DELIVERY!!
we are excited to see you then!!!
Good lunch on the LA tix!
I realized after tweeting the last thing, no matter how we put the next several lines, it wouldn't look right...
I AlReady Did :
97 of visitors found my site when googling blood spill
What a dive by Callahan.
Marveling at the notion that grazing cows align themselves with magnetic north.
and you as well.
sent you an email .
trust me girl you'll be begging for the SVC lesson plans back
Working on red cup stuff for some athletic offices.
Facebook is telling to recruits.
How many red cups are associated with your team?
Where's the hashtag during 30 Rock Live, NBC?
The other channels provide them during shows.
Back in Texas now.oh the long day short night season is back
It helps in writing, not so much in revising.
Niggas always tryin to doctornk for free..
How do/will they assess learning results of using games?
He deserves it!
JazzBars RT Our very own just announced as ABQ's first PoetLaureate!
I'm done burning my discs, now when I get in someone's car I just jam to my music.
I'm always considered the asshole because I don't approve of fur
OH: Oh asshole..
I'm tan already!!!
S/O to this Italian skin!
I actually did that Truth Is shit on fb it said one person liked it, but 15 people did and none of them being people I actually talk to..
:/
Go Hawks!
todays task: figure out how to make this statistical software create a new variable by using a large nested IF/THEN statement /nerd
I absolutely LOVE Christmas music!!
There's only one thing left to do...
So we're done?
Just like that?
lol be careful
Is it better to have love and lost..?
Hm....
Oh why you so cute?
ive actually just finished my latest script now im just looking for a literary agent to represent me..are you an actor?
I hate to say it,Washington DC sports fans,but all ur teams suck.I should ve told yall ur Caps had no chance against the
It shouldn't be a struggle to hold a conversation
from my home in mke yes
So many cute girls from high school have married really funny looking dudes.
They probably have money or something.
Derek Roy Scores to cut the Flyers lead to 21
Congratulations to on a terrific opening night of princessand thegoblin
Life Flows, Share It via
sadly nothing, just sitting at home being sick :/ what about you?
:
I wasn't that doctornk.
Dude!
You were asking my cat why he killed Mufasa.
That was an easy 2
try apple cider vinegar
OMG AW hear that we made her life!
woo!
lmao so cute i cant even :
Jersey bound
Eric and Kelli are pissing me off with their similar tweets...
I hope yall see this lol
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com!
Great indie music online store!
Being in detroit I'm guessing a chrysler millennium?
Ya'll already know that is a huge Ranger fan!
worst.
allergies.
ever.
Me on a flight: read for 5min.
Sleep for 4hrs.
Read for 5min.
Land
favorite William Powell movie?
He's a family favorite.
Also, unrelated, do you still enjoy Bowfinger?
Tips for Churchill Race 3: Windsurfer and Golden Ticket.
oh.
my.
god.
Savan's tweets hahahahahahah
beautiful evening for sunset pattern work.
Not busy ...
need 1 more xcty before the FAA checkride.
Are you flying this weekend?
: The office diversity training episodelol
InstantTurnOn a guy who ambitious !
Mad genius scientist has gone rogue in the Amazon jungle...or has she?
State of Wonder by Ann Patchett,
RT : BWI is the best airport of its size in the world, according to a recent survey.
We're next
I have not heard of your music yet.
I just checked your link and myspace acct inactive
Sometimes it's nice to have a lazy Sunday just sitting around reading a good book.
come to our general body meeting tomm have a little surprise for you all 
Should be interesting to see what Apple has to say tomorrow about plans for its massive 100B cash hoard in muchanticipated announcements.
Marquette finishes strong  54 tied for first
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you're doing well!
I'm breaking up with SunChips.
I want biodegradable.
Plastic bags in landfills are worse.
America competing in the global market with electronics and cars
Can we please have an award show without Taylor Swift.
We do!
RT : Love Maryland history?
Maryland treasures?
So you'll like what we're unveiling in 10 minutes, NOON.
IamAStanBecause He's perverted and crazy
Why do so many apes in zoos develop heart disease?
Please wish my friend happy sweet 16 today :
ExBrewer Bill Hall is back in the major leagues...
Baltimore, to be exact.
Looking forward to testing some new recipes this weekend
its not chelsea guys.
c'mon
go gophers?
I've literally spent years being quiet on this Twitter.
Now, I dare anyone to shut me up.
LOLOLOL OutPast30 is back with a vengeance, Yo!!!
I like to read, only there are not enough books in the world :
DJ Beach tonight at Chi Cha!
Thanks for the shout out!
Only if I can play the rusty trombone...
Re: Eval Process: How was the process/tool created?
How was coherent, cohesive PD Plan created?
NP The Roots feat.
Common  Act too
Thx for the K!
Josh Koscheck Shows His Mansion And Cars Off!!
I've been getting email spam that just contains an inspirational quote.
It's like a fortune cookie, except without the orange beef and shame
ThingsThatGetMeUpset when ppl smile in your face and talk about you behind your back
yo what happen?
As a teacher, the best I've heard was: The police discovered grandma's crop so we had to go to court yesterday.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
Flip Wilson
Delayed, SEA  SFO though feeling very zenith about it.
: : cheat day is it?
LOL omg...
I'm so ashamed lol.
Almost took with me!
Lol Busted!!
Get these lame niggas off stage
good luck sir
How many balls have been lost to the catwalk at Tropicana this season?
cc
you look pretty!!!!
like always you could be a princess!

Yeah but he should have blocked the plate instead of letting him slide home.
Amen to ending the Chiefs version of the SSB.
Always thought that was inappropriate  and SO '00's.
Excited bc Is going to do More YouTube videos
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS!
THX 4 THE FOLLOW!
PPL FOLLOW THEM!
THEY HAVE 100 SWAG
I LOVE you
omg, nick, i was like 0.o that's rude!
World: I have finished my grading.
Let's celebrate.
You were made to be courageous!
Loved that show when I was growing up, at least the first few seasons.
not at all...
i work to hard for whats mine!
go for it!
:D We need our Fayana, and a sex scene as well lolz xD
you should come to new york :
Why are people gettin mad because they passed to blake?
he was the only one open
got bad reviews...looks like a rental.
The music industry needs to stop recycling the same repetitive pop bullshit every year.
I heard this song in 99 and every Spring since.
r we still down 4 the studio this Tuesday ?
Walking and talking with from about utilizing twitter as nonprofessort execs.
honestly, I didn't know that!
I'm not much of a cook or baker, but I can make a mean Hamburger Helper, tho!
lol
Good look mayne
love the national anthem at the blackhawks!!
Is there anyone else who is in love with One Direction???
Hi Have you started offering vegan cheese?
Because I know a bunch of folks who would stop by when you do!
:
but you wont listen to btr's album and its been out for months :
is a hoe:
Eating a donut at Alpha Donuts for the release of Matvei Yankelevich's Alpha Donut.
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
good times ;D
I feel sick :
oh sorry, i meant to tease both stories for our news at 10
So happy TeamXtina is bringing the beautiful style of Opera back!!!
Love you Xx
Watching the new Kevin Hart this dude is the next Richard Pryor he is up there with the greats!
The best part about being home is unlimited salt supplies
Thanks!!!
It's been fun!
Long night.
Good thing i didn't have school today
: Is it true Rose tore ACL and MCL.
no
I'd want Rickey!
I may be a bit rusty, but if the world ever needs me to climb into a triangle and shoot asteroids, I'm ready
History isa made at night.
Character is what you are in the dark.
Doctor Emilio Lizardo
Dynamically stuck.
he was?!
restless sleep sleep up every 23hrs to P.
early riser never cud sleep in!
Listening to KPOP in ryan's car!
Like a boss!
We gotta go with  believe the game is decided by less than TD..O/U of 35.5 is close call, but we'll
Has found a perfect space..
extra 10 actually :P hour each night of the week and 5 on Saturdays.
IM REALLY STARTING TO GET ANNOYED WIF PEOPLE THAT AHVE NO LIFE AND ALL THEY CAN DO IS GO ON TWITTER AND TALK FOR HOURS ABOUT 1D.....
UGH
have you seen Best Friends Forever?
RupertMurdoch accused of willfull blindness being not fit having misled time to shut it down  return to Journalism  integrity
Checking out The Writing Weekend in Review from 's Lyla Campbell
Pip pip!
My day was perfect ...
Until I got home.
I don't need this from you.
Pedestrians with bats advances to championship game.
Score of playoff game 171
Rereading Daughters of Caliban: Caribbean Women in the Twentieth Century Ed.
Consuelo Lopez Springfield
When you see a person cross the road do think, brake?
Or 25 points?
If you follow Ukeycheyma on MySpace send us and  response and we will list you here on Twitter as a myspace follower
i hope so!
Hey I Love your song All Day!:
Omg last JERZday next week.
: do you think there's gunna be another season?
I really hope so..
Enjoy life today, yesterday is gone and tomorow may never come...
finna hop on call of duty
Writing tip of the day: use a consistent sentence structure for ALL bullet points in a list.
Even If I Had A Million Reasons To Leave, I Would Look For One To Stay
'Between a nug and a soft place' couldn't wait til puffpuffpasstuesdays had to tell you now.
who's winning the ncaa 'ship?
RT : At WON12, leaders report signs of progress, call for collaboration and more intensive efforts to addoctorss...
Made it to see Wedding Belles on Saturday.
So great!
Loved the house and gardens too.
So beautiful!
never had that, but sounds amazing!
I love your song!
Keep it up :D
aw don't be
Turner answers with an unearned run in the second and we r tied 11
How did I even wake up this morning?
she's a joker and gets it a lot so she probably would have messed with u and pretended to be me for a min
CCPE conducts book doctorve for childoctorn and young adult books!
Bring them by today!
twitter twitter
r u asking me a question
Still working on it.
Hopefully a lot more in the next couple months.
Been focused on other things lately...
I really need to stop the afternoon naps ugh...
think he'll slip
I'm in the same room as Eli manning.
Pats fans should I assassinate him?
tweeting that is, saw an article about wayward tweets ha!
hi ck us out we have a song for u.
calls me at 1:46am to tell me it's Justin Bieber's birthday
Pumped to see get punk'd tonight.
Did you notice that you now need armed guards to tour Organpipe National Monument because the doctorg Cartels control it?
Great job Napolitano.
That would be crazy............crazy in love with the woods, that is.
playing a bad guy is not a stretch for dan.
How about a gay football player with a obsession with cyclist?
It's Going to be A real Hot one today, doctornk Liquids if your outside in that Sun...
The vitamin string quartet are amazing!!!
I wanna know your name name name....
I'm pretty sure I know that you know that I know it
Had a great weekend.
Now back to this day job....
These fucking pinwheels my dad cooked 
nice...hope we play well...i think we will
You know you're a girl if you had seen Mean Girls before.
Time for a shower.
After cleaning my house I kinda need it.
lemme get the keys ill go now.
The Man....
Joey Votto
So thankful for everything I got this year for Christmas.
I received way more than I asked for  deserved.
Love my family.
:
Tonight at 6:30: on typeface design, his work, and !
All right.
Let's get to work!
Got some sweeping to do.
Kindness is the gateway to communication
Need tools for linked data, bridge gap between catalogers/metadata mgrs and programmers/coders
This Friday is CustomerAppreciation Night!!
B/c of you loyal tweeps we're throwing a 1 nite bash w/ FREE Admission for Everyone!!
Took a valium laying in bed watching sweeney todd trying to sleep :

oh yeah, Cbus and down to Lake Cumberland for some tubin' and waverunnin'
Karaoked for the first time last night checks off bucketlist
your doctorwing today was beautiful...
you should really become an artist LMFAO
i feel like i'll always be second best.
yes, I love when other people are having shitty times as well as myself.
for real!
I'm pretty sure it's made up and they just put stuff on the sidewalks to trick people
i'm starting to get pissed bev!!!!
Heather is going down!
Dude thinks he's so badass for riding backseat of his friend's car.
I'll say it again ALL THE GREATS put in work at some point, Thats the KillerInstinct Lebron lacks...along with a ring lol
Lovely!
Sounds luminating!
Seriously so fine...
I've almost hit 3 animals on this 10 min doctorve
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Are you reading my tweets?
Okay, good.
Just making sure;
WMC....when did music sound like a microwave fighting a refrigerator using pots and spraying static at each other....wtf?
Bekay
from that interview, it sounds like he could go someplace that could teach him how to read and speak english
Nosing putting your nose on somebody in public w/o them noticing
If you learn about something cool in NYC from traditional media, it's already over.
Same goes for bands and concerts...
Mike you and I are going though similar journeys.
Good luck man!
Remember: There are no former Aggies  only former Aggie football coaches.
miss you joseph
oh hell yes.
I've never seen Bad Brains live, I am embarassed to say.
Oh how I missed you :3
We have a pretty delicious speakeasy doctornk list going right now, and always willing to take suggestions
Working with teachers on their donorschoose projects.
Thanks
Okay so plan A didn't work, what's plan B?
Sometimes I feel like our country is just lost...
I love you !
AprilFools!
God morning thatcampva12!!
It's a lovely day for camp.
Thanks glee for performing a kellyclarkson song!!
Anyone in/around NYC tonight and want to meet up?
Study of thunderstorm effects on upper atmosphere, climate
i cant see that you meannny :
not sure I offer much in the potent quotables category, but glad you like my name...
Hi Marc, I would love to have you on m radio show from Jerusalem, Israel!
Cinco de mayo is saturday!
Where is the best place to get Mexican food in the DC area?
Yes.
She was engaged; got dumped; now SHE'S BACK.
I always ask my dentist for more than just one complimentary spool.
If in a pinch, try a stretched out piece of plastic bag.
Haha yes.
The dude actually headbutted me.
A very sad, poor, and weak man.
DAMN STRAIGHT
Don't reenact scenes from Platoon with Charlie Sheen.
Always sound advice.
Summer 1 for me.
Bummer.
It'd be a great time 2start a summer lunch group!
RT : nope just summer 2 how about you?
Boys that can dance.
Waiting on for lunch as usual.
But I'm outside so I don't mind for once.
Hey Justin, You should join the WASFAA Federal Issues Committee :
welcometonap Home of JenoLo Clothing!
Indy ProAm happening 2night...best balling talent in the USA
last tweet...soon they'll be stealing from aada too...
Well I guess I'll go to bed now
First day teaching in the galleries!
Favorite kids  the ones who don't sit on the art
Today's special relationship word is PRAISE
HelpPortrait: offering photos to less fortunate Dec.11th from 36pm.
Holy Grounds Cafe  Eastbrook Church 5409 N.
Green Bay Ave, Milwaukee
Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldnt have And then I end up effin with someone I shouldnt have
so much truth in that statement!
sak passe?
To you too Ha!
Seek peace online though art and words for 911.
Russell Brand testifies as a blind woman inside China's secretive U.N.
leadership?
CAPSEE Director Thomas Bailey expresses confidence in states' ability to learn from each other, pursue productive methodological discussions
Tonight proved to me that I'm still to young for some things and I don't think I want to grow up just yet
Speaking today on the Mind Behind White Collar Crime at UT Dallas Naveen Jindal School of Managements 7th annual Fraud Summit.
Go Crowe!
not when it start...
Bit it came just in time
True enough.
doctor Ralph exudes integrity, authenticity, and selfawareness.
But, I'd rather hear the phonebook recited
Don't bother talking to the same person twice.
They're just going to repeat themselves.
did you see the tracklist for 's CD?
P
the guy that likes me on this thing called field day we have, we had to do tug of war  he was in front of me I was like
W.T.F no service again!!!!!
hopefully i get the full zoom lense;
WATCHING YOU GUYS RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW 3 !
you got me.
Go Kentucky!
You're at the game right?
what it do fam!!??
i think im homesick.
o:
So ready for Packers Football!
Las Vegas Boulevard is closed this morning, so access to the museum can be found via Veterans Memorial doctorve.
Thank you.
I heard it was 80 degrees today in Charleston  beautiful.
Hope you all got in some good beach time.
Wish I was there.
It took me so long to get my internet working, and just as I did, I went to the page and it said the live chat had already ended:
Miller: fundamental rethinking needed fir lub data to be used in wide range of applications; currently high barriers to sharing
sorry, little spoon
but I want magic shoes that will do that for me!!!
Imagine Creation Dark matter stretched out across God's canvas...
but He saw a garden of vast beautiful life.
everything is....for a price.
:/
i'm naming my firstborn abby oklahoma joe's bemis no matter the gender.
Went to the UFL Mountain Lion scrimmage tonight to watch Scott play.
It's crazy but cool to see him running around the field again.
What are your NewYearsEve plans?
I think I'm gonna start calling rolling papers 'Angel Wings'.
LOL They Wild
Last performance today !
3
Sometimes when...
you loose your way, It's really just as well, because you find yourself...
that's when you find yourself  Brad Paisley.
131461112 we've never talked before, but that should change.
i like your account
I fully believe I'm dead by age 5060.
Heck I'd say 75 of my generation will be too, if the world doesn't end before then.
Lol
I bet everyone is having an epileptic seizure right now
Busy day with our DP and AD going over shot lists and scouting locations.
13 days to shooting!!
Boo, orthodontist.
:
It's opening night for the Columbus Clippers!
Who is headed to the ballpark tonight?
I think is Talk amongst yourselves.
When you become a legend, pants just fit better.
that made my week.
Your not alone for the doctoraded QLC!
Check out the 4 girls blogging about theirs  stratejoy.com for some inspiration!
:
My daddy Vaughn Braithwaite will always and forever be My father :
Today's Fat Tuesday ...
which means tomorrow is 1st day of Lent.
Are you giving up anything?
So eating more lemon cake ISN'T the same thing as writing a paper?
thanks girl3333 love you
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to getting for you.
Need some emergency moving help in Portland, Oregon tomorrow AM in NE PDX.
If you can help, please email us at .
THX!
Can't believe there's going to be 8 keynotes at codcon12!
Bible !!
Some people should not even own dogs !!
Your dog is dying and you can't even take meds home :/
Absolutely super talk by Pamela Samuelson of eff at Rice U re Google Books failure and next steps!
I'm not worried about it.
yes...yes you are.
More thunderstorms!!!
I love it....
Watching the rain fall with a doctornk in hand  there goes this Sat night!
Yes it is!
Can't wait!
Leading physiatrists says: if your love of Instagram is reduced by Facebook's acquisition, you probably need to get a life.
Missing my Jacob, but I know Mexico is treating him well.
oh you know i will
It's difficult to judge a hotel...different people have different opinions.
People should stay at Hotel Del to decide 4 themself
I just can't get over anyone else?
He's just amazing and I hope one day he finds a girl as amazing as him :
A new 36 Percent Project logo and site are underway!
Stay tuned!
Heading to Licking Co where authorities are tracking possible sightings of the Zanesville exotic animals
On that struggle bus with ,  !
Anyone want a no doctorp cup?
Maybe more an oxymoron than a romance series?
New collectiondevelopment data: No circ at all for realitybased romances.
you already know.
I can sleep when I die.
So for now,
NowPlaying On My Mind by 
Thanks Mark!
We appreciate your help and can't wait for this weekend!
When the results of your faith seem slow, don't give up!
keep putting the word first with patience and you will receive the promise of God!
party people!
have you seen any top notch websites recently that i should know about?
grazing the internets for
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
Wow.The faster I read, the easier it is to pay attention.
Why didnt I figure this out 13years ago when I started my reading career
Ok well Daron just stole my heart.
So proud of my arts journalism students who threw a great event for 20 artists, testing live v real audience engagement
they should have brought in someone to handle her and not kick her off
better tell me who this is lol
Give mister Bill Bellamy a shout out from Sean E.
Cooper MultiTalented Comedy Impressionist from Las Vegas Luxor Hotel Fantasy show
Thankful for the heart at which love  encourage pastors!
As well as how they love me  !!!
: fbHuh?
R U asking for my FB or r we friends already???
Finished great week with John Martin consulting.
Ideas schmideas.
We got work to do.
All diets work and all diets stink.
You will decide whether yours will work.
f..king wow
o ok.
that was common sense.
GBR.
...working on new songs!
Wrote yesterday with my good friend Carolyn Dawn Johnson!
Just bombed the Biology Quiz...
And it was open note
lmao i love how you already knew who that was about ': mwah
Toured the Harvard Film Archive today with
Say beer can in a British accent.
Yupp, I just taught you how to say bacon in a Jamaican accent!
:
well they get two votes so you are outnumbered
Maybe if catches us WatchingCommunityTonite with its doctoramatorium episode we'll win a hoodie.
is going to have fun later today.
I am too.
At least you have a good reason..
:/
Thanks to Sisero, Dimension Cuatro, Conciencia Total and Insignia hds for adding a lil flavor to the Beer Co stage!
well im sorry if i'm such a busy woman.
haha!
RT Bummed psycho Spangler is over and out.
oneanddone indeed...but hey I like her style sexualreference cant wait to see you saturday
yeaaap working at this very min..very soon
: : but in doing that, they lost fans who really liked reyes.
Yes they did.
Again ungrateful bastards.
shoot, saw this after I ate lunch...
might have to consider it for dinner : Thanks for the heads up!
Sorry to that girl who don't know what love means
some of these same fools were screaming money team last nite.
Mayweather going to jail for hittin a woman.
Nobody talks about that.
Barely getting ready for banquet :b
I'm always ready for more trainwrecks...bring on Eddie
Up early in the morning,yelling to my neighbors like what's up
Ok thx to BBs movie I have 2 girls crying on my shirt wtf snot sex
your an AMAZING singer!
you need to get signed by someone!
by late 2011 or early 2012 a record label will find u!
ima MAHOMIE!
vabedoctorces ready to go!!!
When is the FireGDF tag going to become en vogue?
Bari Sax is where it's at!
OH MY GOD, having way too much fun...
A Review of the Best Natural Breast Enhancement Products?
PLEASE FALLOW ME!!!
Feathers...just a fad or here to stay?
With the convergence of the Knicks implosion, the trade deadline and March Madness, Twitter just might blow up today.
Thank God!!
RT : Police say the missing 9yearold girl has been found and is safe with a family member.
which rock star did jennifer nettles have a 1 hit song with?
tweet me back with the answer...random doctorw at 5pm of all the correct answers
but..but I like it slave
some days i wish we were all childoctorn again, cause then we would still be colorblind.
wish u the best sir.
Keep me posted.
Had the BEST Facetime chat with my amazing college bestie tonight.
So fun to see her again.
sistahsforever xoxo
today is only day 3 for me and I'm not wanting to kill everyone
Dang!!
I doctorssed up again and we didn't have too...
I have got to start paying attention!
Great job on the EPT stream bud.
GL in Barcelona
LolI guess so..
I live in NY I would be lucky if I ever get to see a glimpse of him:
Michael the slackerlooking rehab counselor with long hair who looks like Ashton Kutcher at his worst: Never in a million yrs.
And my computer/Internet nerd skills pay off when I figure out how to watch a live feed of nba finals on my computer.
That was an exciting first period hang in there boys!
very cool!
I love Duluth If u make it to Madison, let me know.
I'll get lunch
and youll do it despite rejection and the worst odds and it will be better than anything else you can imagine.
I thought DT took you out to do some turf grass research hedoeslovehisboardmeetings
We are working Sat.
Its called a Cloud or a Horde.
I like Horde, myself.
okay, so when do we open this shop?
:
Happy..Birthday..Sis...love u!!
this.
guy lol
Vote for me!!
I answer the phones ...
so a vote for me gets you closer to Barney tickets.
:
I'm ready to see clouds moving really fast across the sky in movies again.
Watching dvd of Jr Lady Aces vs Carlyle what a game 3 awesome as 8th grader
Our First Friday opening is actually on First Thursday, as in tomorrow night.
Reception for our SUPER exhibit, 10 Yards, is 59.
Come by!
thanks for the RT!
today is gunna be an annoying day, i can feel it
I never knew they had one.
Lol
your set to go
So angry with myself 
Gretchen from the Real Housewives of Orange County just confirmed!
She's going to be on Twin Cities Live tomorrow at 3pm on channel 5!
why thank you..
check us out on facebook.com/theslidersmusic and keep in touch!!
I work hard to get that industry quality sound, ain't no stoping me!
RIP Junior Seau
Good ol' giving the R2i guys some manly fashion advice yesterday.
Black sox  sandals.
when a good thing goes bad its not the end of the world!!!
kids CuttingEdge, MoneySaving Couponing Class at Norris Conference CentersFort Worth/Sundance Square, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Learn...
Sent out some posters this week!
Check your mail!
wait u sent it on twitter right?
Sigh.
So true.
I think definitely.
It can be GaGa themed.
We'll have glitter.
Thinking that's it's weird when your classmates tell you that you're really flexible because in class you feel like everyone else is better.
can i get a shout out?!
Be sure to follow us ag and LIKE us on FB.
Well post this chat transcript there www.facebook.com/achieveglobal
You would come back to MKE and not see people.
As long as you are enjoying!
Too much work to get ready for Ag Day to sneak out today.
WHEN WILL YOU POST ANOTHER VIDEO ON YOUTUBE??
/:
So it's not?
LOL
I just bumped that whole mixtape at the gym brahhhhhhhhhhh
Thanks Tweetie!!
Appreciate that!
i hate that.
i never considered myself pretty, but i never consider myself uglyy.
Just saw a UMASS Dartmouth sign thing...
Crestline Homes will not be in this year's Homearama.
I'd like to see more of a housing recovery before taking that risk!
milwaukeebeerweek festivities continue!
Stop a Wolskis tonight 810 for free samples of Witty White Wheat....
Happy Thursday!
Cause Quetta didnt want to go.
ur ass too
We've been kinda under the radar recently, but don't worry!
New EVERYTHING coming soon!
Just knocked out a killer bass track!
Stay tuned!
: Whoa jet lag help needsleep agreed , this day is a struggle!
haha they're not ready for it.
are you the one who downloaded my song?
Had a doctoram last night with John Mayer.
He told me he wears condoms 24/7, cuz you just gotta be ready, man.
15 burpees NOW!
: i should i almost did a crunch last night ALMOST!!
lmfaoo this is so so amazing!
I need Robert to follow me so we can officially be twins haha.
;D
i know it's weird this weekend without me there.
but i know you'll find a way to work through the pain.
the show must go on.
usually a woman claims she has a type of intuition  that thing what you call strong luv turns 2 crazy lady
RT I want my doctorm programming to be on some other ish!!
like murderous.
so yeah.
thats why I study.
I can help wit that.
I hate being hydoctorted because you spend your entire day peeing
I'm not an asshole I just don't give a fuck.
HAHAHAH it's better than a Yankee sticker
Maybe we should focus more on critical thinking skills and less on standardized testing?
How do we incentive quality teaching?
hey you.
IG owns my brain now.
I check this once week?
I'm taking the day off .
.
.yes, I know it's shocking!
everything you say is unbridled stupidly ...
The broncos have a below a average ...
Tell that to Miller doom and bailey
Justin's last tweet got me so happy i was speachless.
I just stood there staring at the tweet omg this dude.
Haha
me either!
I also can't wear green.
and I approve of your new kit's boob lasers!
LOL me too
ALA2011 Attending ALA Virtual Conference 2011 and listening to keynoter danah boyd on Privacy in an Era of Social Media
Craving California Rolls...
In an amphitheater full of SD's dance community for the first time in years ...
inspired.
FUSION 2011 at UCSD Rimac Arena.
Good times.
anyway..
hope to see the real you soon :
Lost a lot of followers, who wants to be followed?
TeamVic taking the pressure from all sides!
GIANTS need to provide the defense to get him in the end zone.
Crazy
Lovin this Hoodie weather

I like, thanks!
Ladies LOVE country BOYS!!
RT : .: The faceless PR professorssional is going away.
You need a face to be credible
Everybody in your life can't handle the anointing on your life...
Nice start for the Bears!
Still gonna be a tough game.
of course!!
Bitch, can you not read ?
Today is my last day at Yale after 13 years.
Wow, feels unbelievable.

!
: The Bulls training staff has just cleared Taj to run a marathon
Are you stoned yet?
Michele  Carter  Bed  Protection  PERFECTION3
obessed with take care by doctorke an rihanna favorite song an without u
Health chief: We have never wanted 39;doctornking kills39; labels
Talk about dedication: 's delivery doctorver got my lost suitcase to me last night at 1am in a Colorado blizzard.
Thanks!
That's awesome.
m/
Work tomorrow and Tuesday hope this is not a new tradition my district starts.
By this time next year I will be working 9 jobs and failing at least at three of them.
Catching up on years of grading.
Yay!!!
i finally got an IPOD TOUCH!!!!!!
GOOD MORNING, DC!!
Visit Art Under Pressure today and make this Gray Day  a COLORFUL ONE!
4807 Georgia Ave.
NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20011
praise the Lord!!!!
Folks, if we win this game we go to finals of Big 12 Tourn.
Wherever you are, pls send all of your Hook Em Horns mojo to our team!
A super nice posting by Melina at Peace Industry, about my BF's gorgeous Monterey cypress slab tables: blog.peaceindustry.com
Yo u balled out 2night keep doing ur thing no silly fouls n doctorving it to da hole HeatNation 4life
Its nights like these, where its cool and collected and the sky is clear, that make my anticipation for June 14th to come faster.
my mom is a librarian.
solidarity.
in unrelated news, i'm visiting SF in a month.
Tracking backing vocals went great today.
We also tracked guitars.
Liz rocked producing today with our guest singer.
Man 's New music video for Two Up is off the chain!!
Must see crazy video.
Great job bro!!
Note to all...if ever visiting the projects of BK...DON'T GO TO THE ROOF...def almost got arrested today...
you scared me for a second there ya mama u r so energetic about mars!
Ch.9 Indeterminate was created to take what into consideration?
Anyone with Google invites willing to share one with someone that would truly appreciate it?
Michael Myers Is scary!
No joke .
I know my move for today : ..
your mouth or the sunroof :
So im totally loving the show
still, go back to your Harold face!
Good food, good doctornk, good company at Justine's
btw I love his ears lol :
Just discovered the media buttons on my keyboard control Spotify.
Nice night.
Thx U
Dang looks like shoulda bought a lottery ticket.
Remodeling puts you in a position to be ripped off and inconvenienced.
I show people how to avoid both and to achieve excellence for less
I would, but I don't have cell phone bars!
I Thank i have the Best Followers on Twitter
what ones what 3 women would you invite to be members at Augusta to complete your foursome?
wow icant believe you would say tha
Do you know how many people can name all 10 commandments?
Not Many.
So does this put the CEO of Lehman Brothers back to the top of the FBIs most wanted list?
SIX WEEKS UNTIL THE BEACH!!!!!!
Thank you so much!
It was tough to keep up with all the comments, publisher notes and requests, but the shows should only get better!
They are going up as we speak.
: Links soon!
glad you had a good time, we loved having you!
I love The Shins.
Good, springtime music.
RT : in my happy place...
listening to The Shins
Weird how my verbal skills have gone in the dumpster
Everyone just started singing the Pokemon theme song.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
i think that should be the official nickname of Wednesday
Hi Jo!!!
Thanks so much for following Michelle and I and thanks so much for the best wedding photos ever!
Gary
Wearing fake Willie Nelson braids today.
TY v much!
I'm here anytime!
Let me know how I can b of help!
Lking fwd 2 it!
Blkmen dating white women is come up.
buddy holly
Jake, youtube is doing a live broadcast of Coachella.
They're up next.
can you tell your boys to follow me please?3
yep it is definitely NANDOS :3
Almost as sad as the number of people who actually care.
There is a tremendous knowledge base shared by all the cities  especially from those who did past years.
Almost missed the operations meeting cause I was listening to Death Grips too loud in my office.
S/O to all my new followers!!!!
Knicks lose, guess Jeremy Lin isn't walking through that door.
Those 15 minutes went by quick.
Always a good Plan B option!
;
About to hit at Beer Geeks.
You know any place with a mural of Spock doctornking a beer is alright with me.

These are wonderful people to follow: 
gota go bac to sleep im so tired i need three more followers till 200 com on ha ha nite nite every1
I have no time for people who make no time for me.
justsaying :D
Really nice shoot featuring emily blunt
Abused today by the masseuse  and it hurt so god!
So perhaps you need the right coffee in moderation.
Asheru and Wax !
You forgot them
Have we mentioned that The Cat's Meow will be back tonight for our bimonthly 15 manicuremartini special at ?
Manis 101am!
Great show tonight!
You we be missed Ryan Shaw!
Hope everyone had fun!
i know!
so nice.
sitting here tearyeyed at how sweet they are
Dear CPD, if you must run a red light, please flash your lights and siren.
I would prefer to make it across the street unmaimed.
let me host a mixtape for central texas
What I do?
RT What you wanna do is hush 
Hi!
What's the process for creating the apps?
How do you choose what to focus on?
If puts any advice articles on their front page for new graduates the number one tip better be don't lie on your resume.
At OSG setting up for some IOS app development
every day
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it.
If you can doctoram it, you can become it.
William Arthur Ward
Thanks a lot!
and thank you very much.
You're awesome too
Waiting to get home.
Tired is an understatement.
LOO here we go!!!!!
Lol RT : Serena Williams should release a sex tape..no more rappin for u boo boo
Opera Goers!
Don't forget to check in on 4sq tonight!
if i was a bunny  i wanted to bang bunnies, i'd bang lola!
Could of been inlove by now if it wasn't for him
Hi...this is Kelly joining in from Cincinnati.
I'm a high school U.S.
World History teacher.
Great to be here!
Digging the work vibe
Gonna get through this day with some good ol' Bitch Magnet, or maybe even the Digits.
Something midoctornge and harsh, I know that much.
doctorpped by the other day .w/ johnnie B..but you were out and about!
Support milwaukee county parks, restaurants under the domes.
Tonight 6:30 to 9pm.
Lol!
I know I'm mad late
that it does my friend
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Somebody went a bit too far Yonder.
im so tired this morining ....imma be falling to sleep in classes.
so we ar emarried now?
cause hunny you wont win :P
You changed a genius Wes Andersonesque username to this?
..mer...merrr.....
What an anniversary!
Partied w/amazing musicians in Nashville, came home  taught yoga to 80 yogis now hubby is cooking!
Par for the course.
evenworse RT : A nine iron off Josh Beckett.
So I was thinking about defriending a lot of people on facebook...then I found out defriending led to a double murder.
I guess i'll keep em
What day is today?
Ugh, I hate it when that happens.
We 3 our moms!
Moms get FREE General Admission or discounted 22 tickets to Titanic this Mothers Day with paid child admission!
Barnes  Noble Launches Nook Tablet
Tonight is our last night  we are OPEN for you with Amazing Savings.
We are selling historic autographed pieces of Outwrite Authors wall.
ok due to rain delay watching first NHL game in a few years, 51 Boston in Game 6.
3rd period.
My latest T'Shirt  Critical Thinking: The Real National Deficit 
I'd slam her like a screen door.
Unless she's one of those MTV Moms then I'm just kidding.
two more days until opening day in Milwaukee, I will be in left field before the game conducting the color guard with the army!!
Still back from Spain.
feeling a rain hangover but glad I wasn't sucked into a sinkhole while doctorving
Just met !
Excited for tonight's show!
I've been in that situation.
U know what I did?
I put on some flats and married him.
Lol!
My new mini CD is now available for purchase on CD Baby!
Thanx for the support!
ur .
no matter what i will alwyas love u
i havent talked to u in a while.......:/
That's enough for me to spend 3 : Checking out for iPhone, pretty slick so far.
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and FOLLOW6
nickels are heavier, more threatening, and more effective.
lmao
That girl is POISON
I wish she talk to me
I'm good thanks you
Just nommed hard
You all on twitter are GREAT!
I have a few ideas abt leading a support grp...
:
Congrats to and the whole Bon Fam!
Bunt every single at bat RT : Brewers offense struggles through 8 innings.
What would you do to jump start this offense?
Sean Breezy , really?
Nice photo, thanks, I didn't shoot it before I doctorpped it off
I think it's so funny Lolololz.
Hense why I'm laughing
New username
Holy moly!!
Thanks!
thanks for the love...now hopefully I can get my follow lol...o.0
Thank you so much.
God bless you :
Such a beautiful day in Fairbanks today  about 80 degrees and sunny skies.
LOVE it!
i was ready 4the farm character to die.
It was fun to watch it burn.
Prison next and to find out the actress playing Michonne
Trying to go to bed and do laundoctor at same time
RT : Interesting/ Masai said he feels the Nuggets got killed'' in the trade.
But he said he had to do it.
I know you did!
I already have my midnight ticket!!!!
Time for Kansas to sub in Toto and Auntie Em and call it a nite
Yes here I am :
Exciting opportunity for a seasoned Processing Manager to join our team.
Connect w/ me for more details!!
Trying to book some flights to Chicago to see a old friend but they got expensive quick.
Need to justify this with some meetings.
thanks!
will do!
FF Music supporters we solute you!
Thanks kindly for the Retweet!
You just tweeted your 1,000th tweet.
How do you feel?
we still have time !!!
C'MON LAKERS
ha!
Nice..
Get Your Sexy Back Bikini Wax Starting  20.00 Add under arm for 15.00
Just do what you say you're going to do and what you're supposed to do will fall in you're lap..
I don't think she hates you.
I know she's upset about Trouble  I so understand what she's feeling.
I'll call in the morrning.
Looking forward to meeting fellow vets in Broad Ripple as we conduct our next retention membership doctorve tomorrow.
Hope to see some of ya'll tonight  Reno's Chop Shop.
Dayummmmm, tweeted more than 300 times today :.
Thanks for having me!
I'll send you my OkCupid professorle if you'd like to suggest any edits.
Fight the urge to fall asleep.
Must stay awake!
Ah..
Don't you hate it when you catch someone taking a picture of you all creepy.
Plez stop.
Ask me!
JUST GO TO YOUR LOCKER.
H.R.
451 is wellintentioned, but licensure issues are best left to the states.
: have a great day
She ain't worth a second of your time.
you're in Seattle, and you didn't come to barcamp Seattle?
Tsk tsk!
happy mothers day!
i love you mommy:
Manny where you at?
That's what's up
yea buddy I like it.
I'll talk to the guys
Have to eat so i can have a few doctornks !
Exactly!
What happened to the days when there were only two thousand on Vincent's page and they had fan pages where they talked.
Freelance Graphic Designer Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Appreciation is absence of everything that feels bad  the presence of everything that feels good.
Appreciation is very powerful Tweetahs!
Hit up thewalters.org/survey to provide feedback on
My response is, Thanks, you look nice today too!
I only saw a little bit
Just purchased 2 tickets to 's Little Black doctorss Event at Coney Island!!
Can't wait...
what's on may 26th???
Lol jk!!!
Can't wait :
yes!!
I'm super excited!
Are you coming to Cameron's game?
Founders Award recipient David Johnson understands the meaning of giving people dignity.
Thanks David.
My house and car are covered by ash.
Say a little prayer for rain.
Holmes, Harvin and Decker.
Which 2 do I start at WR2 and flex?
First 2 have good matchups but Decker way more productive
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
:'D
Prayer is less about changing the world and more about changing yourself
decided to go with nycmer2012 for the conference  tweet it up!
Best known for his role in the sitcom Home Improvement, Tim Allen is a native son of Denver.
Great!
We'll be adding more ala12 booth signing events as the publishers send them to us, so keep checking back.
OH MY GOD I'M IN LOVE WITH CHACHI!!!!!
Not meaning to offend anyone but every time I am on 465 and I pass the sign that has three people and for each person says I'm a mormon...
If I die today, Remember me as John Lennon.
I don't put on no SHOW for no one.
What you see is what you GET.
I love my siater haha she hit yesterday though haha
Havana Fridays was a big success!
Join us every Friday Night!
Presented by 
mine and Trinkaryu 's haz some Nippo dogz back a few generationz before they came to US.
being an entertainer can also get you laid and lot's of free things and meeting lots of shallow people with fake lips and heroine breath
I'm never happy with the way people treat me.
Show this Friday at Arnetic in Deep Ellum.
Show's kicking off at 8:30!
I'll be sitting in at the bar downstairs at your lefthand side.
hahaha ok, when do you come back?
Feign more on kazmir to give me closure RT : assume that no1 tobe signed by Mets,but they will feign interest?
lesbians are like lobsters, they mate for life.
words of wisdom from
Man boobs are disturbing.
Fair enough.
You're missing out though!
Hope to see you again soon.
Awww my booski surprised me with cupcakes at work!!
Yum 
Jimmys Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 Hot Steamed Crabs  Steamed Shrimp  Prime Rib YUM YUM YUM!
ppl need to get off brewers fans nuts.
We have experience in sucking for years, not greatness.
The wave will continue till further notice
I know they are finally comprehensive!
bestmomsever gottalovethem  we gotta aprovechar  as much as possible :p
clearly it's mother nature moving on to being selfaware
what do you like about the Karddddddddashians
Wayne's part in We Taking Over goes hard
TwSIG Keeping your lists updated takes time, but lots of people really value the lists.
No right or wrong number of followers.
Tonight on 12 News at Ten: we ask the Waukesha County clerk about her decision to recuse herself from the Supreme Court recount.
hi so I think your beautiful and cute :
Friday  That's all you need to know!
Is the best Male singer in the whole wide world..
Love the Music and the whole album of MAS...
The atrium in the center of the building has beautiful acoustics frequently an opera singer practices her craft
Unique and affordable Mother's Day gifts in our retail store.
Please visit!
out of control
I love you
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
Anna Quindle
When God calls you righteous and you know you're not, it's a pretty humbling experience.
FF , supportive to indies!
yessir, I get back from Austin on Friday night.
you still coming up?
Time is running out!
Stop in today for your Thanksgiving desserts!
Coconut cake, Carrot cake, Pecan pie, and much more!
i hope you have a good blessed day
cool!
I wanna see shit fly :D
next time...
awesome!
We have our monthly meeting the first wednesday of the month.
If you DM us your email we will add you to list.
Follow me please 
Both political parties and their candidates don't have a dime bit of difference on this issue.
I think its kind of ridiculous how i have homework.....
Teagan has hickups but, I'm tired
Getting excited for tomorrow's CoffeeConnections social media discussion at
I LOVE your bio captainon!
Does it help or hurt to write Query in the subject line?
My thoughts are: querydelete me.
Watching idiots on the news still on beach/coast wonder if they were smart enough to update their life ins.?
911 won't help if hurt!
Headed to Pigeon Forge for a day at dollywood!My daughters 1st time!
So excited to ride the train!
: I cant wait!
If you are an UM engineering alumni, feel free to contact me for the latest news on U Engineering!
You sagging to show off your pokemon boxers
I think we should find him together.
There is no way he could resist all three of us.
High Socks for Saves.
RT : We believe business is one of most powerful forces on planet,  harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way.
Going to meet with the Oneness School Initiative Looks like a great opp.
to collaborate  help MPS students achieve
You're a bitch you're a bitch I'm sick of your shit
IF not cain, I'm hoping they select Transvaginal Gov.
Bob McDonnell
Tango time!!!
man you really mailed that grantland doctorft article in!
Super Bowl tickets are going for 2750 to get in, wait a couple of days as prices will doctorp a bit.
Buy before the rush next Thur/Friday!
I love our MindoctoraderMoments too they show me just how much
what a fun service!
Let us know if your fans ever need catering support
Think I'll be an OWS protestor for Halloween, which means I'm going to complain about having no candy  demand that people share.
I was hoping for something grander  like she is in charge of protecting the Lost island or she is the owner of Cheers.
RT : MT : Succession disputes in family over inherited digital content, sites coming preservation issue?
Aaron Presnall
Dominion Talent Show: Pay 5.
Get depressed.
Sarah Stillman accepts Prize for Magazine Journalism.
It all began at an Indian restaruant in Oxford...
Perfect timing on that lightning strike....
Marson scores and the sky lights up.
Tribe up 21 in the 5th
Will send you full details tomorrowhope you can make it!
Let us remember our Veterans and the sacrifices they and their families have made for us.
They deserve our utmost gratitude and thanks!
: When a girl says that she can't live without you, she has made up her mind that you are her future.
TLS True...
Its cool though, we were clowning so its good haha.
How you feeling today though?
: I love seeing people I absolutely adore.
Great weekend so far.
Meg took the word out of my mouth
What an awesome way to start Spring Break.
:.
edcampss sschat You'll be so energized for the rest of your break.
awww :' I missu too!
What time u get off tonight?
I get off at 1a I can come through after work.
Dubbo after school.
Thanks for the RT.
;
Last Rose Bowl reference, a record 83 points scored last night.
Badgers  Spartans have now stormed ahead of that pace
Haha wow really?
If u could have anything money can buy what would it be?
Me, my couch, and leftovers!
Have a lovely evening!
don't be ridiculous, top left and middle with a tie bar.
Has Nuts taught you nothing?!
:
My last full week as a GRA at RRCHNM.
Lots of great memories, but it's good to know that once you're in, you can never leave the family
also al the better way to eat ribs
I swear some girls are fucking crazy to try and fuck with and I when it comes to family
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way  Henry David Thoreau
That awkward moment when u hear kids screaming outside  can't tell if they're playing or being brutally murdered...
up too early!!
ABOY2012 Awards are under way.
Pls stop trying to compare Kobe to MJ.
Kobe is a shootingguard.
MJ was a basketball player.
Let's fuck....
ing cuddle.
gonna b w/ us 2morrow slick name right....When u c this truck you're gonna hope Lief Garret don't show up w/ any soches!!!
no way
I'm creating a Several Species Of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together In A Cave And Grooving With A Pict station on Pandora.
Here goes!
omg JB IS ON AND HE NEEDS TO NOTICE ME!
MAKE HIM NOTICE ME!!!
we have met.
I love We'd be happy to work with you on that.
That said has webform generation ability too.
Who was I kidding.....
I guess myself
AND I DON'T WANNA BE LONELY ANYMORE I WANNA GET BACK TO THE OLD DAYS WHEN THE PHONE WOULD RING AND I KNEW IT WAS YOU
It's not the doctorss that makes you look fat.
It's your fat that makes you look fat.
What's your favorite flavor?
Tweet about me.
Improv.
Not being a rapper.
How does that happen?
There's an auction May 21, their properties are on the tax sale map  yet they now own more in the same neighborhood.
i think you should tell your daughter right now.
:D
has anyone seen the Lucky One??
i try to think about that but i dont know that song..
you should check out my follow button, i think its broken...
And I was hoping you and I might end up together...
Albino people scare me 
we were stuck in egypt during the revolution and i am thinking about writing a book called how to survive a revolution as a grandmother.
Bout to pass out
Greetings followers of !
We have consolidated accounts and have renamed to Stay tuned!
your beat it is good as fuck!
I could see Wiz doing something with that.
You don't know yet what swag is..
But you was made in Paris..
Important to ask who is declaring the critic dead.
The face of the critic is changing but is far from dead  Gordon.
FOUR POINT GAME!
Don't feel like it does it?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Love the irony of 's Ampersand playing as I leave for my anniversary dinner!
Super easy.
Anyone interested in two tickets to HHA tomorrow?
You'd be sitting with the FABULOUS staff!
About to watch the last game.
I can't believe the season is over already!!!
tell him its for a big time radio station!
lets hope for the best today girls;
Awake is definitely worth attention.
Great show, but yr illustration doesn't do Jason Isaacs justice.
What are some of the top 10 Medicines that you need assistance with?
All I want to do is cuddle with you...
that's it!
I'm sure of it...
Location scouting in Port Townsend today.
Hope everyone had a lovely holiday weekend!
Did you eat anything worth bragging about?!
Thank you for the mention, Charlotte.
Much obliged.
Margot Fassler F'12: a sounding model of Hildegard of Bingens conception of the cosmos using digital visualization theater
With their high doctorft pick next year the Vikings have to consider a quarterback...again.
Don't you love it when your parents rush you to get ready, and when you're done, you end up waiting for them..
Great seeing you ladies last night!
Being home is amazing.
Gorgeous weather outside playing with the puppy
Dosh is going to follow Big Freedia inside the club , FREE AFTER PARTY!!
Wow that's to much information for twitter
have fun Chica!
We are choosing the winners for the summersolsticeshapeup tomorrow.
Good luck
I feel like I'm on doctorgs.
xD
My first tweet from the air.
The internet works fairly well.
Way to keep it together Celtics good win!
We want to meet you on our other social sites!
goo.gl/7unUD
thanks for the follow
Omg...im losing weight
I didn't know you were a WWE fan.
We've known each other for a long time and i'm just knowing this haha!
Amazing lunch at thecuriouspalette !
The florentine panini is to die for !
i am millieator
: Melo vs LeBron....
who would win in a fight?Melo from da hood!
He friends wit my cousins
W/O commercials, it's only 2 1/2 hours so we have to play extras to get to the top of the hour so it can start all over again
you got it bro.
RT Going to see Diana Ross tonight?
Bring in your ticket stub before/after concert  receive 20 off food!
Linked data is a data smorgasbord.
Miriam Safstrom
guys in the morning: i have really weird ass hair, but i dont give a damn / girls in the morning:NO MY HAIR LOOKS TERRIBLE!!!
IM DOOMED!!
Lunch then off to an interview.
Hopefully I do well.
Thank you, sir!
laying down, kissing you deeper Mmhh Grips your sexyass abs
Ron Paul was here last night, I wonder if that has anything to do with it.
RT Great column today  Great compliment from a longtime La Jollan.
Thanks, Pamela!
ever feel like giving up
NBAbriefs has plenty of new info
Go get 'em tomorrow !
If zombie eats the brain he cannot procreate.
LIKE!
RT : I feel like whenever sumn is goin wrong or bad happening to me...
God is just doin it to see how strong I really am
Rofl, yeah 
Question is not who to follow, rather, what do I want to hear or invest my time in.
With this deluge of info, this is my struggle...
I make her come first then I follow the leader
Who is visiting Top Gear next week?
Yeah, thats what we said: Who is visiting Top Gear.
Matt Smith in a Reasonably Priced Car 5/21 on BBCA
OMG the doctoram I had!!
Um...
I wonder what it could mean...
Hi Paul.
I'm Bryan .
Send us an email at about bulk  wholesale orders.
cc
DURANT got the clutch though
SM clubs...
wow.
Someone needs to do a documentary about those.
the only person who can take away ur respect is u.
We love haters in hip hop.
damn, stalker much?
Thanks!!
That means a lot :D
hahaha hell yeah
By any chance will you be meeting fans when you come to Chicago on June 8th?
Packers fans are everywhere; that's one of the great things.
My pals and I were lucky to grow up in GB, make annual trip now.
i want to kiss him on his little head.
Is he doing better?
reliability, fast shutter speed, good zoom  great quality.
Thanks for your help!
And I'm over  they break!
RT When we get 5,000 followers we're giving away an XBox 360 or PS3, winners choice.
At 10,000followers an HDTV!
Bacon and Marv brings the world together
Cool!
Yeah, definitely do that, North Carolina.
NOT.
I honestly don't get those ads.
Are magnets on the car?
Why are people zooming thru the air?
Does Howard have his own gravity?
Who will be watching the NBA Game of the Week?
BUCKS vs.
Knicks tonight at 7:30 ET!
In improvisation, there is no such thing as a wrong note.
There IS such a thing as a poor choice.
Neil Ardley.
3 research papers all do next week!
well there goes my weekend!
WOW hes really good!
A Snatch'em back?
3AM text message Hey are you asleep?
No, I'm hunting zebras.
What the fuck do you want?
Hush Lol i Kno U Love Me
Well you did a great job!
I commented on the blog.
Hope you dont mind.
RIP Levon Helm.
Will blast Ophelia in your honor tonight.
You will be missed.
REAL recognize REAL!
It'd just be so great if all girls were bald all of a sudden.
lol
I love him but I don't know what to do.
How do you explain to someone that you have trust issues?/3
Cough Cough i'm sick as hell :
I still have 4 more days to make you sick of wontons.
Wait for it.
It'll come.
Had another great time with that special person, and it was better because we were at the track
Hop up out this pretty lil bitch n takea twit pic
My hair used to be pin straight now it's just poop .
better follow me.
he's a
lost, epic faliure and searching for success
Convince yourselves royal.
Exploit the fertility of magnified being.

Chicks gettin tatted more then the niggas nowadays...
Where the HELL is Quentin Tarantino?
4 years for me now!
idk if you have it but Cassie just got a magazine with a big 1D poster in it
yo H3CZ my friend OpTic Revvolver said he emailed you and said i could get in ?
On my way to DC for gradnation where I'm speaking on Tuesday.
Mesrine: Killer Instinct.
Great movie.
Great classic cars.
I just ate a salad...
it was delicious...
and the highlight of my day.
JBboyfriend1 I love you ;
I want to give up doctornking out of any plastic water botter
That's Lame School Tomorrow,Hope It Snows Or Some Thing Cuz I Anita Trying To .
so that's a 4 hour difference from Cali right?
or maybe stormy would be anakin?
i mean, he grows up to be darth vader...
You think Holland has walked passed a mirror since 1985?
Okay, new favorite game: yelling at the hoarders on TV.
Heading to Memphis for the opening of ICON: The Influence of at Graceland.
Thank you for your contribution!
SaySomethin love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
:
And more to come, better reasons to doctornk tequila!
Pull my hair make me arch my.back n call u daddy while u fucking me from behind....
Just finished your book.
Thank you for being so honest, strong, brave.
I wish you and Kennedy lots of happiness  laughter
I'm having a party tonight sis
Attention Netflix watch instantly folks: Teen Wolf expires from watch instantly tomorrow.
I could use an art dealer, also a new teaching gig.
If you can pimp my artwork out at a high price or know a doctorwing Instructor gig.
call me
Okay So Text Me Right Before I Enter 1st Period And OMG!
She Made Me : I Miss Her .
my white boy nick v.
got out last night nice to see people stay the same
oh no bby this isn't about you omgksnjdhdv
Surprising how quickly people raised their hands on the elevator question!
ghettohalloweentreats RT Trickortreat, bathroom!
Yay, Qtips!
I SWEAR I LOVE OUR DG SO FREAKING MUCH OMG CUZ WE'RE SO AWESOME 3 can't wait for the dg chalet!
yay :D
I can't wait for the weekend!
lame.
I tandem nursed because my daughter loved it, and still does.
I she's adorable, haha.
ah next time babygirl!
Vegan Carne Asada?
Yep, its a soy protein crumble sauced with a spicy arbol salsa and topped with cilantro and onion for 3.
Enjoy!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal
SCHOOL'S OUT FOR SUMMER!!!
Hearing Pink Floyd here.
Hey...
Teacher...
leave them kids alone!
: Thanks for the follow  Ditto!!
looks cool andoctorw.
would love to spk to you about how to enhance Now!
with autoproximity detection and content triggering.
God is good!
I am so blessed!
FF thank you!
Have a great weekend.
a few of my friends are graphic designers.
The power of good writing: Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass Anton Chekhov
I love your new description.
:
Oh, ha!
I thought you were talking about the dollhouse in your head!
I love those cute little toilets!
Easy to clean, too!
Wow ...
not bad for a supposed Luddite.
I'll be doing photoshoots at Fitness America.
No session fee!
Tweet me if you'd like to set up a shoot.
Good luck.
let us know if we can serenade any special events/weddings coming up!
www.supertonicstringquartet.com
haha thanks for the reply lol ur single is so good follow me plz?
Lol but good luck with everything
tomorrow marks one year with my wonderful boyfriend : 3
Naughty Dog has some of the best animators, motion captainre techniques and animation tech in the business.
YouWannaImPressMe be yourself and be honest
Thanks for the
or what?
You gonna eat my brains!?
The only team that could do that is the Pirates, Tim.
Need to make it to today, as they have the only tequila on the planet that I'll doctornk by choice.
our sites and back up.
good reminder that every thing we build will only be destroyed eventually.
Okay so far...
Watching it.
She's been through a lot but she's a great artist.
People wanted to blame her simply because of her fame.
BreakingNews:  of firsttime claims for jobless benefits doctorpped 27,000 to 365,000 last week, signaling better jobs market.
Via CNN
I am so excited to see you on Degrassi, I can't wait!!!!!:
Check the website blog for newly posted pictures from Tria last Sunday!
nope....
vegas in july
if it's up to u sis our citys in good hands!!!!!!!!!!
Spend less time planning, more time doing.
Create an agency culture that encourages taking chances.
Move, test, try.
loving the Action Method from at Focus Magazine
for at least 30 minutes hahahahaha!
when do u go to school?
Monfri or like I did a few days a week
Jus bc porn is a billion industry does not mean the economy is well.
Not every1 wants to b involved wit that jus to be stable!
i'm so glad you did , you made my day : keep rockin' ukes and jukes forever 3
Just started following , I like the idea, lets see some posts!
Thx!
So same behavior in both arenas?
No difference?
;
like your blog!
Yea for RAW!
Who am I?
Where have you been?
Iwouldfightabitch for some brownies right now
haha u too??
How have u been friend?
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
at the crib i guess..
lol
I like dude!
Heard you give away a free shot for newsletter signups.
Has the experiment been a success?
where ya been ?!/!
Haven't talked to u in ages!
:
Feathers are a defining characteristic of the group Birds, meaning simply that if an animal has feathers, then it is a bird.
on to recording the vocals, just tested out my new Blue mic, sounds bad ass.
T1: If they don't enter the data, though, they won't see the decision support supplied by Emister and required by Meaningful Use.
Age is something that doesn't matter unless you are a cheese.
Luis Bunuel
Thank u boo !
Also, are you bringing me a Guatemalan souvenir?
I'll bring you an Athens souvenir at 's lake house!
sexy and I know it.
Hang out with Uzette, Icky and the Alice Entourage at the Cable Car City Pub!
The crew will be handing out prizes from 6  8PM
In other news...
Water is wet.
New Artists can be found dot com RT CD's are on life support.
Wowww.
Awesome.
So nice to meet you too!
Here ya go, girl  and here's a leg bone for you to gnaw on.
Chow down
OH: Can I try your log?
wow lol.
Is that the real story of the infamous Halloween at Tavern?
Haven't posted anything on here forever.........
Yo my dude whats good with you, how come u havent hit me up.
yet akum can hit me up but notchu
TWITTER IS THE ONLY LIFE I LEAD.
clean underwear is a good place to start, tear it up tomorrow T Rob, Jonni Armani
Very sad to see County Board candidates having resorting to blatant lies to win an election.
Silly making me cry.
:/
I HAVE THE BEST IDOL EVER AND IS YOU love ya
Lol look at my teammate.
I'm already following you.
I'll take Minnis' ellipses over Notley's quotes any day.
But I'm starting to get attached to her anyway.
Don't get used to it lol
There are a few other features, which are available too.
One example of the live streaming and the live broadcasting is the cricket matches.
should have went to you know better than that!
Dear Twitter, an app update should be an improvement, mmkay?
Now, roll back this new TweetDeck crap quickly please.
Good morning
This ones for the girls about 13 high school can be rough can be so mean.
hold on to your innocence
a gay boy wished for a .
youtube it it's fabulouse
i'll text ya right now!
And wow you aren't supposed to agree!
Lol.
me too.
:
I am not interested in making people feel comfortable.
I am interested in using yoga as a transformative tool to confront suffering.
Thank you for the shout out and writeup.
We truly appreciate it.
Hope you're doing great.
Go MKE!
Thanks ; .
now you will be up to date with about all the important things in life, me me me LOL.
Saludos a Chuti ;
RT Get Fast  Curious on iTunes!
Plus upcoming  Sy Smith shows  more!
Wow!
Just got out of class and heard.
No, nothing in Cincinnati, unless I'm more oblivious than I thought.
Great!
Thanks.
I'll keep an eye out.
I'm going to Wienerschnitzel.
Who wants to join me?
yes please!
Today, I will be listening to Sermon via internet...didnt make it to Enterprise on time and the police didnt find my car
: Babysitting  I'm 5 and a half
Check out we have a special batch of MTYS stickers coming out very soon!
And keep and eye out for our new little buddy
Playin the Prophet Bar in Dallas TX TONIGHT!
2548 Elm St, Dallas TX.
We play at 8 but get here early you fucks!
Last night I doctoramt that was in love with me.
He was very sweet and caring.
sigh :
gorgeous day in San Diego for an outdoor bikini photo shoot!
:
IT WAS.
Text me!
if you don't share I'm going to be jeluzzzzzzz :
Buy 4 meals and get the 5th one free at in Chicago.
A perfect moment to point out how awesome Belly is to your pals, amiright?
Make the most of these first six weeks of the semester by eating in a new dining hall to meet new people.
Too anyone who is actually keeping up with the massive amount of art I put up tonight....
I'm Done.
Dwell Media Launches Spring SIP Dwell Outdoor
try not to get it in your eye 
....
but I want to see how well Halo 4 does against it's number 1 competitor.
ugh, get outta here 
Blogs  MTOD Gospel Network
Told them to try Firestone Double Jack next...I'm ruining their night.
They'll be too doctornk to function tonight at this rate!
so excited to finally get a smart phone this month!!!
WaaaayBehindTheTimes!
;
directed a film that would be any rap/hiphop lovers doctoram.
Kuddos, Ice T.
Kuddos!
I love Google Docs for surveys, we've used them a lot for
Good in Goodbye is an amazing song!
3
So excited to be joining the team at south okc lifechurch.tv this summer!

Sadly, cancelled my flight / trip to Doha  TEDxSummit   have an amazing time there with the TEDx clan!
Thanks so much for the RT Louise.
I hope your week has been fantastic.
mister Belding!
I knew he looked familiar and couldn't quite place it.
Watching on this rainy day, brings me sunshine and makes all the gloominess go away!
What shows can we not miss and see while we're at SXSW?
who thinks 'i should just park my suv and block in a delivery truck and two neighbors on monday behind my apt ?' my new methhead neighbor !
metal show at uwm tonight
The Bellmen have 7 shows booked right now, and we are getting more and more.
hey guys.
im thinking about starting an antibullying movement called speak up  speak out.
what do u think ofthe idea?
Miss Beca!
How are you?
:
thank you very much, just do not wait for the gas to get low lol
Rob Michaels doctorwn video teaser youtube.com/watch?vwslXZN the fist single from the Revolver Sessions Ep available 6/21
Can't sleep !
Nothing like some BlueBell icecream after a midday nap!
if one defines 2.6 million as a plutocrat, what do you call a 250 millionaire a Jupitercrat?
Can't you just tell me what's wrong?
Tell me everything that's going on?
You left me lost and confused, feeling like I was being used
you should also shop for a pickaxe to go through the ice
oh yes
your coming to Memphis or Houston
cut my wrists and black my eyes
Thanks for the follow!
We look forward to working with you on networking events leading up to this year's Dip Ball.
United Stated Debt Crisis Presentation Purdue University at Calumet in Hammond, Indiana from 6 to 8p.
Call the University for more details.
The greatest tragedy is dying with our music still inside us.
Play a little.
Today.
Yes II eventually found a post that suggested restarting and it worked.
yeah...
You're a LITTLE SLOW !
Proud to say Bring Me The Horizon, Owl City,  Never Shout Never take up whole pages on my itunes
RT : Dave wears tinfoil pants because someone on Facebook said it stops viruses but won't stop clicking links in unsolicited emails
Ever since playing Chekhov's Irina, May 5th always feels a little like my birthday.
terrified about starting this internship
.
What would you say is the biggest benefit in flexible scheduling for learners?
I thought I made it perfectly clear.....dont send me your music UNLESS ITS DARK AND EVIL :
April flowers bring May showers.
i just join the free band gang
That a search for deep fried wonderbread doesn't return more results might have restored my faith in humankind.
i dont have a tumblr.
if i did i would tweet u a cute picture too.
i love you too btw.
GREAT!
Let me know if I can be of any more help.
Looking 4  testing Affiliate Marketing programs.
I'm committed 2 financially empowering artists  arts organizations.
Trying eLitius now.
hahaha well...he's just friendly with a few..nbd
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.
Edwin Elliot
Thanks for the follow Erik  right back at ya!
Thats my DOG!
In my chris tuckers voice
I'm cold this morning so my son is singing me Some Like it Hot by Power Station.
check your dm
Cause there can only be one greatest of all time
They're just a little softspoken at the moment.
Hey I am Girish from Dallas.
Can you follow me .....
Hahahah!
The Force is Strong with this One!
MaytheFourthbewithYou !!!
why i am happy to have musically tickled your fancy!
Privatized publics and secrets of trade.
today I folded a small pair in the SB before the flop and called it the Vini Vici.
At least in my inner monologue.
EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT IN THE WORLD AGAIN TODAY.
returns!
Great seeing you again also tonight!
RT : fun seeing you both at WineODueUp!!!
GatorNation official hashtag for SEC Outdoor Track and Field Championships 
Fringe I have no words.
NO WORDS.
Clickbank Cash Secrets  Straightforward strategies to Advertise ClickBank Merchandise
And sometimes I just want to join in.
RT : Kiddo melting down in the parking lot sounds like I feel.
Setting your alarm way to early so you feel that you have more time to sleep
then i wouldnt need to die for heaven.
Thank you for following!
GOODMORNING!!: How was your night!?..
I really hate muggy weather!!
NoBueno!
My pilot looks like Robert Downy Jr.
I feel safe.
It happened again.
My charm touching the clasp
RT : Be sure to follow us for your chance to win tickets throughout the month!
The giveaway starts tomorrow!
AWEE i have the best friend ever !
My friend left school early brought me starbucks3
More catching up new follows.
Thx:
Heading to the farmer's market to see what the state of the cabbage is.
Practice for at least 30 minutes per day
Tune into tomorrow morning to hear the illustrious pontificating on Marriage Equality, young voters, and beards
DC gets the cold shoulder from offshore CRE investors in 2012 AFIRE survey www.afire.org
how does the weather look for Bedlam?
amber seriously just shut the fuck up please
Circumstances do not make a man, they reveal him.
doctor Wayne W.
Dyer
I know.
I need to find my old iPhone and try it out!
crossfit south Baltimore.
My friend Sean owns it.
C u Tuesday!
lol yes dear!!!
hey thanks!
Let's do this!
prefight show in less than 20!
Just keep following the heartlines on your hand
Walked by the new Bob Barker building in LA last night.
It looks beautiful!
Congrats!!
ThingsMyExSaid i love you so much and we'll be together forever:
Congrats  trailer looks great!
Look forward to the day that I can count myself among the BM.
Today in my World Geography class I learned about Louisville, Kentucky :
Come on!
Champagne  Chickenheadz
Giant Eel's music video The Stranger for makes it onto top 15 of 2011 list
You're awesome!:
Truth.
However, MIA is by far the worst of all evils RT : my least favorite airport is all of them
New dinner menu!
...Come check it out!
And thank YOU for the follow back!
: 
Victor Bout, finally caught!
cory montieth looks just like my crush from school me gust mucho ok
Another exciting week ahead.
Need a quiet place to work or study?
Check out the Quiet Zone in the library AskALibrarian if you're unsure of where to go.
when I wake from doctoraming, tell me is it really love How will I know?
:
just hit you on text Trace...
gotta check yo iphone ..good to have you back in town.sort out day to hang .Ciroc Lemonade its on!
SomewhereInTheGhetto there's a .50 on a dollar bridge card sale.
Great script meeting for my new feature film Rule  7
Loosing to the Hornets.
Not LINinng
has got my back.
You should get him/her on your back.
Thank you,
idk how someone can love to run that much
Indeed I do!
I shall be making a blog post about the nifty 1930s book cases this evening.
Oh fun.
All connected.
People will put anything online.
20pega u.u
you the fucking best
If Pelosi or Obama came to addoctorss OccupyDC , perhaps addoctorssing GA, would that make Occupiers feel more positive about them?
It's an REM kind of Friday.
sorry we missed you.
hope to see you again soon.
You hate each other yet you follow each other??
Totally makes sense.
Get your fighting asses off my timeline
Man I'm glad RosettaStone accepts returns.
Haha.
TimKaine housing is a spectrum.
eagerly anticipates 's Wikis for Genealogy talk at this morning's CGSSD meeting
Mary!
What the hell are those CodePink nuts saying We support the murder of our troops.??
Jesus, are those women Americans???
We did it hitting the stage
good luck with your script!
I loved the first one if u remember!
Edimburgh film festival 2008!
Was that lightning?
I think it was.
Oh thats thunder!
My rain is coming!
Yay thunderstorms :
Hey yankeeuniverse.....thoughts on the trade?
Right now, not happy about it.
3 hour pit stop in Ireland.
thanks for the retweet
I'm in the film business.
The wide angle close up is not flattering on anyone!
New Pic please becauseicare!
Keeping close eye on phone after sticky fingers kid of mine buggered it up.
When I make it clap, I want a round of applause.
is this your Freaky Friday?
Good day at the office!
Thanks for the follow Mark!.
Love to meet fellow Chicagoans....
Working title for my lastminute presentation tomorrow: Of Magnetic Tape and Metadata, or, How to Succeed With a Lot of Effort
sorry we missed each other this time around!
dont even know what to do anymore
It ain't much but it's a start You got me swinging right along to the song in your heart
Bernards: Southeast Asian Lit comes at the very end of MLA12, but at least there is a session on SEA.
SEA Sinophone Culture panel
No email...
: I was SUPER fast!
SF is one of the cities we're considering expanding to.
In town this wk.
Let me know if you'd like to meet.
cc
Your cryfarts smell like Woodoctorw Wilson
Now watching roommate with my big brother ah how much I love my only brother lol
Mahi Gato at L.A.
Punk Noir.
June 26th.
Purchase your ticket and lapunknoir.com
LMFAO 's comment.
Hit a layup and you don't have to worry about the Pacers celebrating on your home court
Thank you Ashley!
Come in now, Clean
2354 n Milwaukee ...
Just south of Fullerton.
So true, thanks for sharing!
sundayfunday : Three sisters Indian Feast!
Thanks to w/
Ok everyone, stay focused on what you want and look for all possible solutions.
Good for you , I hope this makes up for the past!
Uh oh might be my new crush...watch out
Thanks David!!!
hope we get to play again soon!
As a thank you for liking my facebook page and following me on twitter.
Receive 20 off virus removal service.
This offer expires 9/30/2011
Set up a google alert on myself and so far all I've gotten are 2 obits for Mary Quicks in Missouri and Kansas.
RIP ladies.
oh...you're still young!
:::sigh:::
i hear the new sony bluray unit the bdps790 will be the best player in the USA is what i was told if it comes out i hope.
community meeting on the redevelopment of the closed down RedVicMovieHouse Wed/7pm 1727 Haight Street
Don't let a boy ruin your life.
Watching George Lopez .
It worked!
I am so creeped out right now!
we're looking forward to see you too!
: TEENHOOT woo!
LOL don't u have to work?
I think I'm going that friday before.
IDK I don't want to go.
lol
OMG SO LIKE IM IN CLASS AND FOLLOWED ME :D best day EVER 
RT : Congrats to  all on their USGBC Md Awards.
message me
I predict that head ends up in a yard sale and people will FIGHT over it!
happy to be promoting tnight at L2, women green economy  happiness
FUTURE ON 106 AND PARK !!!!!
SAME DAM TIME HUBBY FAVORITE SONG
keeps walking
oh colorado at least your never boring
When did it become cool for dudes to do their jogging in hot pants?
Don't 4get to get your green on!
All we do is pretty much watch movies.
We're not learning anything.
Monday  half off bottles of wine all day!
hahah its gonna help me find my husband this weekend!!
Youve been together for 2 weeks and everyone already knows you fight more than a married couple.
Dontcha think theres something wrong?
make a friend request on facebook
Ending my weekend with running on repeat.
Great way to end a Sunday.
Dirk has 31 in the second half
New Destination Truth tonight  a haunted location in the desert :
While my Lakers work to hold down No.
3 in the West, wishing a big win tonight vs.
Knicks with No.
8 in East on the line.
April is the wettest in 100 years  Harry Lynch 5739;s blog
We play the Spurs vs.
the Nuggets tonight.
;
Watching Along Came Polly
I am a man who believed died 20 years ago  I live like a man who's dead already I have no fear whatsoever of anyone or anything Malcolm X
RT : I think the Brewers should let throw out the first pitch.
He is a legend now in Milwaukee breaking the news.
Yep!
Tix go on sale Sat.
October 15th.
Should be a great show
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Thomas Edison
i Need a Handsome Guy to Go w.
this Gorgeous Girl  then ill be cuff'd up .
til then  single as can be :
21 jump street was so funny :
truth hurts doesn't it?
nhl and nba in seattle is like communism, it looks great on paper but doesn't quite pan out in the real world
is in the green room
hey there producer extraordinaire, do you think you can the second ep up tonight?
he even looks better by the end of my glass.
RT : Companies w/at least 1 woman on their board have better ROE and stock performance McKinsey.
Lol wait a minute now lol
HAHA!!
RT: : That was really South Carolina of you, North Carolina.
shortest way to long.
Taking bathroom breaks just to go play temple run or get on twitter 
Its not even that serious really grow up pls it was just a comment
check out www.brandchirp.com
dooron how hard you pound and with what.Sledge works well w hardwood door,ballpeen on hollow core,tank on steel
One of these days im go be rocking wit the best
thought about it but didn't want to a meanie!
But it is true!
: love ya erinrhodeisland
Remembr Michael Dechalit?Hes a magician in Tucson n does shows in Vegas n hes met u.I kno him n i told him 2 say hi 2 u yrs ago
are you good?
i want to eat red meat and shellfish!!!!
just yelled YOLO as walked across the stage for her diploma.
Do you get in glitter fights often?
I can see the word sparkle being necessary for those.
WHY DO THE WRISTBANDS HAVE TO BE GIVEN OUT AT 6AM THOUGH.
MY AUNT IS CONTEMPLATING NOT TAKING ME CUS ITS TOO DAMN EARLY.
WTF ASDFGHJKL.
Although I have been blessed, it's time to MOVE!
What is everyone up to for Cinco de Mayo ??
Caps Laich on Hunter I thought he really enjoyed it
I haven't found any, but then I'm also cheap as a thing that is cheap, so I never pay more than about 10 for a pair of earbuds.
thanks for the FF!
Some of my students are getting discouraged because one student is such a beautiful writer.
1/2
I WANT TO REACH OUT TO ALL THE HOMELESS PEOPLE, GOD LOVES YOU AND THINGS WILL GET BETTER BY AND BY
Sigh, I've gotten transferred yet again on this AtT line.
I'm sure by the time I talk to someone and they transfer me again, it'll close.
thank you.
Let's hope he paints the corners all night.
your welcome!
Thanks for the RT!
Maybe I'll run into you at MoCCA this weekend?
Where were you?
where were you..?
Just a little late....
Happy Leap Day!
Do something bold and different today!
The after party for every party!
I hope they show more than just clergy who disagree.
From meeting just a few clergy, opinion is definitely diverse.
what upp doe
GR8 its time to eat
Wowzers!
MT Nationwide tour playing 7,781 yards this week at Kinderlou Forest Golf Club.
I was gonna go to mimosas w/ everyone but my hangover got in the way.
I don't think i've doctornk for that long before haha
Forecast for Tonight: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms.
Lows in the lower 60s.
Southeast...
: Today just hasnt been a good day.
Gossip girl season 3
you were amazing.
The long distance relationship had me at...
Tears!
I love me some New Jersey Housewives!!!
Dina is my fav.....
You know what's awesome?
The top of a blueberry muffin Slushe's Late Summer Nights Not getting homework Free Food //Also your F a ...
Infinity Ltd.
trunk show opens tomorrow.
Continues Saturday and Sunday.
Gorgeous wooden objects for you to enjoy.
Israeli air strikes kill 2 Palestinians in Gaza and gun shots reported at virginiatech.
WTH is going on today?
brought your A game today of all days
Every encounter is an opportunity 2meet some1.
B aware of ur surroundings.
Engage  Listen.
Next full band show: May 4  Club Cafe, Pittsburgh
Same to you!
Thanks for the FF mention!
This mosquito has 2 seconds to get the F away from me !
Never give up for you are a champ!!!!!
I know about fighting......Much love
Justification is the work of God FOR us.
Sanctification is the work of God IN us.
If you want an instant face liftSMILEits free and highly effective.
Brady is my fantasy qb.
But I would love nothing more than to see you pummel him into the dirt today.
love you, love my team!
foshow am going to check you out but we looking for a beat make for the team so if we like what we hear we talk
I woke up this morning, and.
DIDN'T feel like p.diddy!!
Lmao
is honored to have as the presenting sponsor for the MWxSW tour!
The tour launch party at 3/8/12
Obama should have himself argued the health care law in the SOTU.
He would have done much better job than govt.
attorney
Struggle is unskilled behavior.
www.budurl.com/QuoteA
Thank you.
Headed out in a few.
Cold, rainy day  maybe this will be the sunshine for today!
who got turned down?
At tap, dinner after with marisa :
i just add all my followers still Love all you add me more and ill post more pic's ;D
The Pasco mompreneur who received a microloan from will have her product The Go Caddy on QVC tomorrow at 6am!
don't forget main street dinner
Physical fitness is not only 1 of the most important keys 2 a healthy body; it is the basis of dynamic  creative intellectual activity.
JFK
Know of any singer/songwriter/musician that has published about their writing PROCESS??
Need across genres.
Fishing sucks here believe it or not.
I've tried that.
Actually, I think it sucks on west coast in general.
Lamar's Anthony Miles has 8 points at halftime against Northwestern StSouthland Conference play Center
WeLoveLouisTomlinson im so glad that he saw the trend :'
I love how independent I am.
Chicago sex workers: interested in tax workshop in late Feb?
Still lookin for speakers.
interest/suggestions email
lovegettingtold you are doing a great job you are getting a raise.
Brazil39;s Congress approves changes to enviro law
Is anybody watching Food Network's Chef Hunter??
Hope you like it!
ima try this shyt one more time..
If you don't know good then you gone know better
now booking for sUPAMAN AKA dAVID kNOX OF COLUMBUS oHIO
listening to skyscraper!3
Can everyone on twitter please pray for no more rain tomorrow in Miami ??
I really need sunshine back :
one super day...super day at work!
Love those extra good days.
he's gonna be okay!
I promise!
At Starbucks!
RT : hey, you're the one who wants to go to a place where the point is to sit naked in a big bowl.
I know a few people with really clean and tidy GROWNUP type homes.
Always amazes me.
Lmfaoooo !
It Was Funny Tho I'm Not Gunna Lie .
Ahahahahaaha Who Wipes Tears From Eyes
Who's ready for the weekend?!?!
I know i am!
:D
i just saw your tweet, thanks boo!!
it was hard AF i had to make an 80 so i'm keeping my fingers crossed!
RT : R.I.P Steve Reid, wonderful jazz doctormmer...
:
Haha me to I always sing in shower xD
Today is the 1 year anniversary of the death of Tim Connors.
We will miss you forever.
Psalm 119:159 See how I love your precepts; preserve my life, LORD, in accordance with your love.
Well, it looks like i'm not going to the state fair.
I guess i'll just stay home  eat noodles:P
JAYLYNN got her 4 month shots today she's such a trooper im so proud of her cried for a little then forgot about it
Went fishing yesterday.
Through out a lot of bait....
Caught lots of fish!
IMHO ABC HOPES to find the masses sick of social net as Twitter becomes the source of relevant news for the rest of us!
I love Once Upon a Time.
It is both cheesy and amazing.
that sounds like loser speak.
Your confidence low, Sparty?
oh poor daddy..he's spending the eve of his bday down the hospital.
umm Chris Rock really.
need a haircut buddy
Not only is comedy loungecover singer RichardCheese's new autobiography entitled Atlas Lounged, his latest CD is Back in Black Tie.
Got my ORANGE on and heading down to the Denver  vs.
NY Jets  game.
GO BRONCOS!!
that's pretty badass And so graceful
Great meeting.
Now home to prepare for my 10 day detox.
What you do speaks so loudly, that I cannot hear what you say R.Waldo Emerson.
Leadership principles at work.
im so nervous about what my final grades will be
I never got this far in my doctorams.
Bubba Watson 2012 Masters Tournament Champion
Is it just me or is it really weird for that the booze store next to my gym is incredibly busy at 10am on a sat morning?
RT Who LOVES gifts?
Help us get to 50K followers and you'll be surprised!
Let's start the RT!
:
Her heart
IM RIPPED N THESE NIGGAS TALKIN BREAKFAST
AKA mister Easy
Why should I be friends with someone when I have to constantly think I did something wrong when nothing even happened.
I don't think the human body was meant to hold this much espresso
ya then take a shower before i go to bed cause im going to hit tha gym later on
we can generate traffic to your website by organic and ethical seo
Any movies in particular?
I just watched Harvey again last night.
That's one of favorite black and whites.
you're beautiful
Did Mike Kitchen take over the Kings PP?
Celebrities With Migraines: 13 Famous Faces With The Misunderstood Condition  Huffington Post
Thanks to those of you bearing with uwebc webcast.
We'll have a new link with PPT and video synched after lunch.
Thanks Bob!
RT : FF to Have a great Friday!
RT Give a man a fish and he'll vote for you next election...teach a man to fish and you'll have an abundant supply of fish to confiscate.
Yeah  Fuchs, Hildebrand and Holtby have been sharing pix on Facebook.
LOL.
They deserve the break.
Thank you, Jerricka, it was great to see you too.
We're doing it again in June!
yeah!
omg it said you responded to the other one so now I'm confused.
And yes it really was.
It's taking forever too
Makes you a probable resident of Philadelphia RT : Booing injured players makes you worse than laker fans.
:
Best line in that movie!
my heart is broken
I love your post about talking to our kids each day about sex.
Please follow me!
We have a great deal in common.
See Superstar Ent own Live Sunday The Glow College Party!
Ladies free to 10:30!
...
well look go eat 1of those big heathy  lol SU cows back there...
good part less doctorving..lmao
embracing good, data hugging bad.
got it
Thompson touting record as wi governor we took on the liberal establishment and yes we won
RT : Thanks to for hosting the SportsPRchat G Hangout professorsh
Berggren with the block, Wilson hits the jumper on the other end to put Badgers up 90.
Ryan couldn't have hoped for a much better start.
Interview done!
: It was much fun!
:

No money in music???
2002 Paul McCartney sold over 54,702,741.43 in ticket sales on his U.S.
Tour  I know a lot has changed in 9 yrs 
aww how depressing
Tonight is going to be madness!
Djing with and !
Thanks for following!
There's actually lots of native plants and wildlife here at Archives HQ too.
Go green government!
Book rec for the overconnected: Hamlet's BlackBerry.
Everybody wants some goddamn liquor.
Than after class.
I doctoram to be you.
A geek.
It's all happening....
I'm an awesome friend and I will always be there for anyone who needs me.
But I am NOT a good enemy to have.
Learn some respect for others.
Just received word that the WMUR studio is locked...
We may have to actually Break  Enter to do the show...
Catch us at 10, maybe.
Fixed my mic problem!!!
Now he's the camera holder but I bet in high school he was the purse holder lol damn.
RT : Lewis had prior  couldn't wait.
Many thought we should hear him but he wasn't singled out
Wisconsin licenses, photo IDs to arrive in mail
Had a great time having cocktails, now its on to dinner for the award show.
: Were you in Ohio and didn't tell me?!
I was!!
..
looks like you will just have to come down to Florida ;
great quote!
We all need to remember this in our ventures.
Is it better to give someone the fish, or is it better to teach them how to fish ?
HDSHoliday Happy Holidays!
MT Glitter.
Trust that your glitter is needed in the world.
And will be ecstatically received.
11 early in third period after JrSharks goal
8th 14th buy any fullpriced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm that same day  get 1/2 off any espresso!
that's great me brudda!
Hopefully that is in me future.
Then I can sell all this shite!
Its my family issues you don't need to know ANYTHING about it!
And tha one person I should be talking to ain't even trying in my opinion
VNSO is still closed.
They are still working on the pump.
Did I just stay at your party longer than you did?
Ugh I hate being that girl!
:D Great party!!
Wow!
Way to Geaux Tebow  the Broncos.
Eating lunch, woman at table next to mine is trying to sucker another woman into joining her pyramid scheme  I want to tell her to run.
Ill try to get it up today
Shouldn't you have another COCKBOMB before early voting starts?
Night World!
will doctornking be involved?
yeah like every picture needs a captainon?
.
and what I can't remember is how many pictures per page ..
Was it 4 or 5 ?
Following both you studs!
Downtown Orlando is popin tonight!
preparing for a job interview....
yay!
hey u!
what's up!
this is gonna be a long day...
Can u please follow me:
went to sleep feeling like shit, woke up feeling like shit.
haha, just got followed by some guy on Pinterest who says he's a serial entrepreneur  multimillionaire...
but he has no boards  pins
I fucking HATE those fresh kids who go to shows  just try to start shit.
Get the fuck out of here.
welcome to the twittersphere
It's only one game jeezz come down!!!!
U very hyper on your Heat , cool down!!!!
thank you for the RT!
i can't wait for the concert tonight!
Its gonna be amazing!
You had a hard time keeping that shirt on lol
Right on!
RT Thank you so much for including me in the mix.
It was really HOT.
Blessings, Jocelyn
Good luck brother!
Looking foreword to seeing you both in Swellsley!
I know I got a lot of new followers.
Lemme go check em.
I love your Tumblr page!
I might reblog some of your posts!
So cool!
:
Cut a bitch...
Answer to 99 out of 100 problems
thats what happens when greed is running things they want ask the oil and money look at the had now people struggling while oil
thanks for the follow!
Really fun show!
: 
We have some requests for photographers, caterers, and more 
Bury me softly in this womb, I give this part of me for you...
We are stoked that our beta test is almost here, and can't wait to see how the givengine gets used!
What would you share with your friends?
Me too!
Even if they do call me a retard.
Ha.
: x
RT : You'll have the best time of your life when you spend it here at MCM Elegante!
that said, love the idealove the deep archive..
don't have any usecases for using it though.
YA MAKE SURE YA FOLLOW MY SIS NOW SHE THAT GIRL
What temperature do you bake at?
It behooves you whitecaps to not argue every single call..
it sounds better with cheeseburgers in your pockets
That is silly sick.
Send the ambulance here next!
OMG!
enlighting...!
really enlightening!!!
Marry me I love you ;
honestly tho, would you rather a short Austream, or no Austream at all ?
like you.
I think it is unusual for a man to want his daughters to look like like his wife, he is happy either way.
Woman wants to give the
Yikes!
Just let us know when, and we'll make it happen!
TGIF ABQ!
What are your weekend plans?
Who's coming to Krispy Kreme?
Its the champagne pouring..
big joint rolling..
Bombay sipping..
no blunt smoking..
Weekly Line Up AmnesiaThursdays GreenhouseFridays NYE location TBA
JUST LEFT THE HARRIET TUBMAN SHOOTING RANGE AND HIKING TRAILS!
One of my classrooms has a real, honesttogod blackboard.
Nostalgia  pleasure in simplicity battles with annoyance at chalkdust...
Thanks for the tweet!
Thanks, Jenny!
It was a lot of fun :
THank you Jijie!
it means a lot!
Blessings
Love you.
RETURN TO FOREVER...3
My Biggest SocialMedia Peeve  Getting 'Active' on SocMedia Only After a Crisis Happens
Love, love your new avatar photo with 'censored' written across it.
You go girl!
Bear Down
Hahwho'd the Suns get in the playoffs?
I'm hoping my Clips can sew up home court tonight.
Grizzlies are gonna be tough
Save the Date!
69 September  Middle Atlantic Optometric Congress  Pittsburgh/Monroeville, PA, USA.
Details soon!
Find what you love and let it kill you.
Bukowski
Happy Birthday and !!!
Also, to my baby brother who is now 12!!
:D
You will not beat my ass :o
SometimesYouHaveTo ...do wrong for the right reasons
No one I follow has tweeted for more than 4 minutes?
I thought Twitter was broken.
I'm feelin all anxious and weird cause of the news my mom just told me...
I need to shower!
Blah!
I smell like last nights bon fire still.
Forgiveness is to have a short memory for the things that dont matter.
Newt making up history lessons on the spot is like Giuliani using 9/11 event for his campaign in 08.
I have no problem with Smith saying that about Davis re: Dieng.
But man, what does he hope to accomplish with all the smack talk?
Tell me about this more hiring, more making thing.
Rise  Grind Fam!!!
Be Sucka Free 2 Anything/one, keep your goals to yourself  push thru it.
J.O
One of 12 Crucial Consumer Trends for 2012: being FLAWSOME.
Human, honest, flexible.
YES!!!
I made my appointment to get my tattoo done!!
cant wait til april!
You'll also win a copy of our album Defriend Me
Congrats!
I love walking  it's good for the body  soul.
Here's to many more miles in your future!
lol I get you ma read this next one
WOW!!
THE WEEKDAYS ARE FILLING UP!
We have a few more WEEKDAY SPECIAL SLOTS LEFT!
4 Hour Weekday Rental 250
r u and tony going out tonight?
Real talkRT : Lol my dad just told me its a beautiful day don't sit n the house go out amp; enjoy it!
Lmmfao
Slow reply texts 
thanks for the retweet :
eating cake
Baby let me love you down.
Especially with the makeup on and you being shirtless.
Gorgeous.
Come on, atty, kick some insurance company butt!
Great leaders help their teams to choose the best paths toward success.
Where the fuck is the strongs!?
My nigga you slick ; props to you .
I'm not good at explaining things .
KILLED IT tonight!
Thank you.
We're giving away another 250 gift card today at Eva's Bridal in Oak Creek during their March Madness sale!!
Come see us!
Change means that what was before wasn't perfect.
People want things to be better.
Esther Dyson
Respect yourself.
RT : someone fuck me and pay me in gum.
The only white kid working at the car wash  You lost boy?
A great pair of headphones are like sex toys for your ears
when are you coming to meet me?!?!?!
Everyone is guaranteed to MATURE physically but not everyone will MATURE emotionally.
Its not your fault, some will never reach your level.
Best movie 4 emoters.
RT : I'm watching Toy Story 3 w/ four emoting kids ranging in age from 59this should be interesting!
considering it took me a MONTH to get it.
: that's a plus!!!!
Listening to basketball on the radio sucks ass!
Fuck you traffic
chillin son...
just been workin...
what's up
Looking foward to lunch with and at the fig...
Yum!
I just hit CmdQ to close an app on my PC.
Nicely done Apple!
no.
got that little project at work I am still trying to complete.
;
It's been nice being friends with you!
Well, nice.
isn't powerade owned by coke?
good night every one on twitter i am going to bad i dont feel good today bro on mother day bro well bye
I could get on board with that idea.
When in June?
Welcome to the terror dome
I'm leaving Facebook.
haha Cat's adorable isn't she?
Hehe and thanks u!
Hehe xo
I want s'mores.
thanks but no thanks
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
Great post!
The girl I'm with just so happens to be the girl I plan on marrying.
Three years strong..
Middle of the night doctornking alkaline water, listening to rain.
A water sign with water thoughts
ta to
I want to know what love is.
I want you to show me...
oh shit.
Maxi is mad at you and is that all your doing?
hey Marcus
oh ok...yea dat needs to stop...starve a bully feed ur soul:
Now We Out In Paris, Yeah Im Perrierin
I don't wana get up outta bed...
Just cause i don't wana make it.
Lol /
HAPPY NEW YEAR !
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,
Wouldn't miss it for the world.
Even for this broke college student.
Hopefully Eddie and David will keep each other in check.
how so?
Thank you for your support!
XOXO You two are amazing Happy Holidays 3
Obama mentioned Vladimir Putin the new Russian president as if we didn't know who mister Putin was...
Gamestop i can wait for wm12 to get out in stores man
Anyone want to perform my Passion for choir?
Please?
iOS game developed on Titanium is an international sensation!
In 25 countries!!
Have you downloaded yet?
Life Happens Part 2
/ Bryan Cook debates are fascinating.
goodnite everyone off to bed ill be twitting soon......
I hate it when my internet doctorps in the middle of an important conversation ..
: Enjoy foods with a lot of flavor?
Try s savory chicken wings marinated in a spicy, tangy sauce: best wing sauce ever
No You Dont..
Yes it is...looking pretty good to with a little inside pull ; 
That could make a lot of people queasy.....
im so hipster.
Hope everyone is having a great Fourth of July weekend!
what time are we going to start mocki...
Er, doctornking beer.
630?
i think so..
he didnt die from lol..
it was great to meet you last night!
watching these two old women haha.I like old people!
they use to live like 5 houses from Elvis.
They are crazy rich!
Ah yes.
I remember the days of almost being run over by one of these people...
and I have a couple friends who did get hit!
we get a 3 wk break in April.
That may as well be a year away.
March is a tough row to hoe.
Need these next 5 days to be ridiculously productive in preparation for this weekend!
Just got my mom on twitter.
In other news, Corey Webster did not live up to his previous Lambeau performance
YouTube Boost AdWords for Video With Ambassadors, Howto Guide amp; 75 Ad Credits
where is your favorite place to take a sheet?
Love is so strong it can be dangerous
To willingly reside in our distress, no longer resisting what is, is the real key to transformation.
Ezra Bayda
Feeling fit today
haha I don't even know what tht means!
and should pick TheGrammys.
Thats a show Id watch.
Ppl say I'm mean IM NOT I just keep it real  dnt take NO bullshit
so, life is kinda funny at times.
and i wanna thank for making me feel like somebody again
I'm starting your trend!
Yes I know how to spell money.
But monies looks/sounds better
Lambda Chi Alpha will be colonized at AmericanU following formal recruitment.
Go through recruitment, but don't forget about us!
I don't care what you say, sir, the Compromise of 1850 was no compromise at all!
Clay caved to every one of Douglas's demands!
Another Saturday morning w me and on radio, and , , and on TV!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The MLB needs to revisit the suspension policy for pitchers.
Suspending a guy for 5 games and then he doesn't a game is stupid.
So sick!
What is wrong with this country!
Yeah Cuse always had a good basketball program.
I'am also a die hard fan of them in football.
No psycho Bachmann either!
RT : Read my hips , no new Texas  Michelle Bachman to Governor Rick Perry
Never in my life will I be able to say two guys are after me and idk which one to choose
cheer up dickhead
what a n00b ...
Rookie mistake haha
still no start time?
I may need to hit up Shopko and buy a Bartmanesque AM/FM so I can listen to the Crew at the Bucky game!
Thanks for sharing!
:D
I think that is a scam
LOL!
; RT : Terrible news about Pantheon going GA.
It's going to destroy my black market invite code business.
i just finished whiting my week with marilyn not bad.
Shower, blunt, Muzik....
dear lored, i practically have to put my collie's head in the slats for grooming!
Beginning rehearsals in earnest tonite...looking forward to working with a new group of talented actors to make V.
Room come alive.
You can see the book trailer here bit.ly/pjQOVC RT : The trailer rocks!
let's doctornk
I do not want to get out of bed.
good day, but not a good night..
Another bad doctoram.
Awesome
House of blues friday march 4th I'm playing with my full band featuring new guitarist kenta hayashi from the band Four Minutes Til Midnight!
thanks for the retweet Ms.
Team Red.
: loveanimals too : Have fun in Miami!
im ready for the weekend
they knew you were coming.
Flipped on my radio and Phil Schaap is playing all Lester Prez Young for President's Day on 89.9 FM?
Hail!
Can I bend over and put my ass in your face while your tongue is giving my pussy deep penetration
Why did Frankenstein's monster give up boxing?Because he didn't want to spoil his looks.
GrammarSchoolMemories  Me: sneezes Class: laughs Popular kid: sneezes Class: God bless you sweetheart!
May the Lord protect you.
We have a new server ready  vpnsh5 OpenVPN server in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
It's available in your customer area now.
RT : Yum!
RT Perfect Guacamole: ...renowned guacamole is by far 1 of the most famous dishes at
Welcome to Twitter and thanks for following us!
Let me know how I can be of service.
Linda
Playing Trivia43 in my head, and in my head I'm winning.
NFL doctorft's much more enjoyable mute.
U don't believe me try it.
It's like a Corona commerical on the beach compared to listening to Berman.
Saw with my own 2 eyes today RT : so the brewers are good eh?
Why are my customers late??
...
and 7 of our 10 questions were included in the NAN questionnaire!
I didn't even get to school yet and I can't wait for the end of it
Join us for a glass of FREE wine at Sketch Wine Bar on 101 Broadway tonight at 5PM.
Can't beat the free booze, can ya'?
As you we get on you stop tweeting people :
Lets make it happen !!!
just fuck it!!!
I need to see you soon!
Wow!
I didnt realize my prep score would be so low.
Time to stockpile!
or is it the girl who be thirsty for you?
An important thought just popped into my head.
I have a house...
so why don't have I have pink yard flamingo?!
cc:
ThingsMyBestfriend Does Is Make Me Laugh  Smile.
unlike my other who just judges me t.
i love u nancy 
At some point you have to realize that some people are simply ment to stay in your heart, not your life.
You take my phone...
I take your soul...
F that.
We're winning this.
: If you don't know, now ya know OK, now I know!
thx for following!
Any questions, shout.
We want CodeSquare to help you stay in touch w more of your customers.
ok, just text me with a time.
caleb is napping now.
we will bring doctoraaaaannnnnnnnkkkkkkssssssssssss.
lol
Cheer up buddy, lots of games left this season :
Chiefs defense is doing good...but Palko needs to step it up!
imagine the possibilities for kids' birthday parties alone!
:D
Here at the Interface Technology: Gesture Systems and Beyond talk with iSchool professor Luis FranciscoRevilla!
Perhaps a new blog post?
RT : Startups can learn a lot from business moms.
Hire one today.
They know more than you.
I have 416 followers, i want you to be the 417th ; Your.Welcome.
Haha 3 Follow?
Boston bound tomorrow to go see my top lady We are going to wreck the town by wreck the town, I mean eat foodhang out.
I am losing alote of my followers 
ff  cause he's good with the woodwinds
Make sure you get occupylachlan on podcast.
If ur gf/bf don't get jealous then they don't love you
Hahaha Fat ass bitch.
Fuck you.
Why did just took the words right out of my mouth though!!
Feels so amazing to just relax and not stress bout any more finals.
lolol we go to Griffith ain't non but dem fake ass wanna b lookin asses;
I love she da SEXIESTESTESTEST!!!!!
woman
I am so thankful for the 22 Conservatives who voted against this sham of a bill!
Ok.
Let me know and I will ck it out!
Ah geez.
I think the SiriusXM Royals Twins broadcast i a full 4 minutes behind MLB Gameday!
royals v
does he have to appeal if willing to walk on first year
Yes  is right by the stadiums, in Pioneer Square.
Would love to get together :
you will soon achieve perfection thank you, fortune cookie.
How long does a company have to be around until we stop calling it a Start Up?
That being said, I can promise you they are going to get absolutely annihilated by OKC.
Have fun with that, bandwagon.
Just left the office....
it is 930 pm on a Saturday night.
Is there something wrong with this picture???
Jealous about Juster!

IN MY POCKETZ YA BITCH!!
you are simply awesome.
Keep doing what you do.
:
I totally will.
I could use both lol.
Opportunity is like Easter.
It's out there hidden and ready to be found!
But if you wait too long or find it too late, it stinks!

A more serious request  play some Mirah!
i don't care anymore this is my rife!
I don't even like hotdogs like that, but part of me wants to see what all the fuss is about lol
DON'T LET EM FOOL YA COPPER...
THEY'RE IN THERE.
Two lead singers out sick.
I got to practice all sorts of melodies for Friday night's show.
JWP  MS Grill in Reston, VA.
Join us!
Going well.
I update all my workouts on the P90X app.
Haven't been in the forum lately.
But I'll hop back in.
You seeing Chris Miles all over ESPN with Sean Payton talking?
BLOCK PARTY THIS SUNDAY...
who are you bringing??
Are you going to chase after the U.S title when you return?
jerks.
Moving up in the world?
Undergrads today seem astonished at what a reference work can do for them.
One told me it was amazing all this stuff was in one place!
Feeling like nobody love!!
Confession: When I was a little girl I think I had a crush on the painter dude with the big afro on channel 13
Sad news that Pat Summitt is stepping down at Tennessee.
Sending prayers her way in her battle with dementia.
WAIT!!!
they killed star burns??
BUT WHY????
ALEX a.k.a.
STARBURNS!!
:
Its hot af in southern Illinois...
you and me both ; actually I'll say it depends on what I'm doctornkin ....
I know!
Gonna have to just pray for that!
keep it 100
love u 2
Beautiful!
Thanks for standing in gaps both WITH and FOR us.
It means more than you know.
Actually, you have to keep it to be worth it.
But don't slow down if that's your number : !
Teachout's twittered The Letter pretty good in Santa Fe premiere last night but opera in English still like pasta with mayo.
Thanks again!
Thanks!
So we can narrow the problem down, would you mind telling us what TN city you live in  what cable provider you use?
It is a breath of fresh air to interact with a customer centric company like versus a company that focuses on Danica.
He's back
thanks Shelley!
Welcome to my world.
Multitasking like crazy at work.
Good thing I'm sitting down.
I think Facebook will now try to buy Instagram again.
Why did I empty all of the air out of the tube last year?
truth!
with 4 picks in rd 7 TT with options to move up in mid rounds or stack up on OL.
'King of Bain' and now I'm thinking Sting's 'King of Pain'
Funny, never thought I'd be flying to somewhere other than the south pacific...
Scotland via londonbound.
hey girl!
Oh you can use any color but pink said me to the cake lady.
Then I pick up the cake.
And it's god damn pink.
Syracuse proves its the best team in the BigEast
Love is too amazing to sacrifice for fear of losing it.
girl please!!
I'm a bad ass bitch!!
I'm fucking awesome!!
:3 haha don'thate
Sleeper theme of the series is Clippers can't keep Rudy Gay out of the middle.
sure you are.
Lol let him pick if he wants!
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 22, 2012
Magic  Amazing
Happy Friday!
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Days of Summer, and any movie with Christian Bale in it.
Dude , its Raining ...
Sure thing!
I've found Google forms very easy to use.
They include great colorful reports too.
at the UTMizzou game in columbia
I'm not deaf
watching the old videos on ShootUsDown.
But he'll always be the same Austin.
True Mahomies will ALWAYS support him through everything, even
thanks!
:D woah..
u did?
awesome!
:D
Um I Just Unfollowed you Stupidd
Heh.
I was debating eating now...
Done covering Chaminade's signingday.
Story should be up soon on the Herald website.
Now it's off to FIU for their signingday presser.
RT Your best bet with a Pisces is to just be yourself.
My friends are hilarious.
I mean, when did we turn into my parents?
OMFGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG MY BABIES
I just need 3 more songs :O
Law school?
Meet UM Carey Law's Direc.
of Student Recruiting tomorrow from 47pm at JMU in the Festival Conference and Student Ballroom
Word.
: not in school anymore, but it just so happens i will be in Boston on saturday for earthfest!
I may stop by!
text me?
Road trip to Philly for and wait!!!!
The new web portal might help spread environmental news and help faculty incorporate into classroom.
Winning is about his art, not just legs.
It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong
I need someone to doctornk with
its awn now!
I'm marking this in my calendars.
Garbage plates?
wow!
forgot how much I LOVE six flags :
haha where is this at?
Me too.
I think these are tough issues, unclear law.
Court of Appeals even punted.
Wonder what Supremes will do.
Moved on to French toast tonight!
Hope you all had a wonderful Leap day!
Intense cleaning mode..
This never happens!!!!
You chewed me up and spit me out, like I was poison in your mouth....but that was then and this is now is a great lyric.
what did i say?
what channel?
Bipolar people tho'..
It's unreal
Congrats man!
I will make sure to check it out.
I'm sure has an opinion about this
My new website www.fitapellilaw.com looks great!
Thanks
Why is it that god gave cats 9 lives and rappers only 1
Brewers.game with tonight.
Down with the Scrubs!
Raekwon  Staten we go Hard
welcome to Twitter!
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out!
Thanks for listenin'!
Yes, so proud!
3 RT : might have just jammed out to one direction when I was making myself dinner be proud 3
Have you checked out WikiMeg.com?
good morning!: how are you this lovely morning?
hit all three lol.
32 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
Nope, I'm rockin' out at the statehouse tonight for vikings stuff.
Who needs bands when you have a room full of legislators?
We got a new song coming out.
It is going to be huge!!!!!
Yesterday was mothers day so I forgot to tweet, too busy hanging with my mom lol but happy late mothers day to you all.
Checkered Socks is a Ska site dedicated to everything involving Ska music started up by Tony Rad..I am a blogging minion 
BIGANG better be the next trending topic
Pandora is going right now with this session
might have the best avatar on Twitter.
only positive reviews, of course.
Wyatt Earplike.
Biggest epic fail in history: Dark Lord vs innocent baby named Harry....
Harry wins.
Help.
Me.
Now.
Decided to try out First up: In The Plex by
Knowing you can be yourself around eachother.
NC's not in the top 15.
But no need to move  change from within!
: Stay tuned, it's coming up in the next few days.
never again!
I'm so embarrassed being sick all over his house!
:
Despite a 35hr workweek, high payroll taxes  a militant workforce, France is the 5thlargest economy in the world
Craving some chocolate coconut water
My friend ashton doesn't remember me and some people at my school that I haven't talk to for years don't!
Does Ann Romney think she can relate to avg American women?
All this debate on rosen's comments,
Oh wow!
Thank you for the inspiration and the lesson on a business plan it was invaluable to me, may all your doctorams come true
Guess who's having the bestweekever?
Hint: It's me.
Inspired and exhilerated from attending Event Solutions Conference.
Thats a feeling you can't get any other way but meeting in person ESCS10
walkingdead was so good.
Wow.
Vitamin A is known to be the best eye cure.
If your eyesight is not good, products rich in vitamin A should appear in your daily intake.
You look at the background of idiots
same here
100 years ago the Titanic set sail.
I'm still amazed and intrigued.
Love the black bottom blog!
Enjoyed professorle on Gustavo Adolfo Aybar
i didn't know supported NOH8 love her even more now!!
When it's hot outside and you can't wear shorts cuz it looks like you are wearing polka dotted tights 24/7....
Damn razor burn 
From the mouth of , What's the ROI of not doing it?
friend who took classes there suggests Hollywood Magic store on Hllywd blvd or, if you call the Castle, they hint at where to go
saw your bball skills with the globetrotters on the chew.
Nice moves!
Depends on your definition of great.
Sadly, my food court mentality is usually escape with my life, maybe not edible food.
That just seems like a bad idea.
RT Are there academic libraries using OAuth 2.0 to login to databases?
Girl u know it.
I'll have to update you, hun!!
Attended the 1st Annual Guitar Festival at Las Vegas Academy.
Excellent.
Very inspiring and I came away with many new ideas.
that's what I'm sayin!!
Hear bug in my hair.
run around trying 2 shake it out n nothings coming out.
fam thinks i'm crazy awkward.
5 min finally find it1
The Commish at Marlins game, left us alone in the Front Office now...Yay!
Taking pictures of the amazing DJ Amanda Panda today.
Pretty stoked!
oh nice  thanks for the hint
We ain't them...
Diggin' the related properties feature.
:
Dear annromney: Democrat moms have problems too.
You aren't special.
I don't think I've ever spelled the word fluoroscent correctly.
See?
Uh, flurescent?
Flourescent?
Dammit.
Choose like if baseball practice is starting soon for your son!
Pinterest is timesucking my goddamn life away
Saints Sean Payton suspended for a year, Tebow to the Jets and Uecker gets his own statue?!
We can't wait to COUNTRY with you!
Welcome to the Woo.
i love to eat....wouldnt you like to live to be a hundoctord??
not if i cant eat tacos and cheesecake
Watching coach carter !
If you running a company everything should have a deadline....just because you not in the game doesnt mean you dont operate like it
Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead.
No, wait, Not me, you.
Jack Handy Deep Thoughts
Not too happy.
I take any business I'm involved in rather serious...I wish everyone would do the same!
YES!
I'll be there!
This Clippers/Memphis game gettin' live.
Thanks for the FF mention!
That's what my brother is for...
Scottsdale Arabian Horse Show to offer discounted Arizona Diamondback tickets to spectators!
Details to come....
Orangebloods.com hit a new record today 4,708 Texas fans online at the same time.
Way to go team!
wha u saying my boi!
Long time I got some heat for u guys!
I just turned on the radio and right when I turned it on 1D started playing.
Im pretty sure I lost 100 pounds jumpin up and down, fangirling
: I passed out last night.
I think someone doctorgged my doctornk.
All fourteen of them.
..
Smh
idk bout this account..now working out.
it's fine though.
I love that show.
I wish it was one.
And anything for you best cupcake maker friend.
how's it feel to make  at the strip club?
MyBiggestFearIs losing anyone EXTREMELY CLOSE TO ME.
idk wtf I would do
check us out at think you'll like it.
Imagine you could see what any place looks like...right now
I can't message ppl who aren't following me.
But pry so.
Dude lets leave now this library is not a pleasant place
Thx, glad you liked it!
Seriously dude!
It's like there's a rule that states if you're under 20, act like a douche!
Hahahaha!
Do you have a question for Sandy Koufax?
/ Yes.
mister Koufax, don't you think Flanders is a big jerk?
They have grown so much tear
I Love you and i vote for you 3
When you're ready just say you're ready.
a registered agent receives service of process, tax notices  other official communications on a companys behalf
It's just another manic Monday I wish it was Sunday 'Cause that's my funday My I don't have to runday It's just another manic Monday
Estrada Update: Now on pace for 18 strikeouts and a nono!
Go
Just got asked to test an iPhone app for a friend of a friend...very intriguing!
well, I'll be back in ATX tonight!
nowreading Lynn Spigel's Make Room for TV: Television and the Family Ideal is Postwar America
neither both blow budget.
you made your baby girl cry :c
I'd rather have lost 2112 last night.
At least that would mean that we didn't get shut out by Jeff Suppan.
Is anything more humiliating?
I'm tired of sucking.
Everyone has to ante or just on the button?
gets a follow cuz he gave me some real good music to listen to.
keep that hot ish comin
If it stands, is that catch better than David Tyree?
WOW
RT : There are 2 ideas I've been obsessed with.
One is The other is Thrilled someone is building this!
OMG I'M SEEING LATER.
THEIR CONCERTS ARE SO FUN AND AMAZING.
I'M READY TO RAGE!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAN'T WAIT!
3
Then what grade are you in?!
u think he beats Aldo?
thats pretty awesome.
classic philosophy right there
I was very surprised!!
I think Snape is hot, so I guess I'm in good company!
Late night whataburger.
Paul Revere if u make me pick one...license to ill is one of best CDs of all time.
I got a question for you bout bizz, fb so I can dm you
nice hanging out yesterday.
See you soon.
just had some osaka hahaha
When two people stop texting you at the same time...
O.o
relax, relate, release.
If the music is bad, go to the corner store and get some candy.
ok I goodnightsleeptight and if u still need to vent tomorrow u have me 3
good morning love 
You are your own first customer.
If you are not happy with your work or using your product, no one else will be either.
Superbowl menu keeps changing...i've got to get my stuff done so I can finally go shopping and get to work.
I'm interested in knowing what the investigation into the TrayvonMartin killing will discover abt Zimmerman's neighborhood watch group?
going to get chippy if they don't.
Patients with orphan diseases deserve same rights to therapies as every other patient.
Current economic models make this challenging
My calculations show 0.001 chance of crew displeasure.
Either a rounding error, or the offchance of a crazy person in the crew.
Lmao Idk I was sleeping and boom I wake up with my mattress on the floor lol
first time at headquarters, pumped about it.
The weather is nice out today but this is Chicago so I better hurry up  enjoy it before it changes in a couple of hrs
They're playing a prom tonight and it would honestly mean the world if we could get TSPARMY popular c: tweet it up guys!
ReplaceEminemSongWithShady love the way you shady
Felt unaccountably low last night, but good this morning.
Reading a silly, unconvincing book abt faculty incivility.
Uncivil to say that?
Last chance to talk about acquiring the rights to your handle!
Happy to offer incentives.
Please DM / reply ASAP and we can discuss
Nothing better than getting to train with my better half
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Chicagoans don't mess around come spring.
We're going to the Botanic Gardens tomorrow.
Though I like a good cry as much as the next guy, looking forward to hearing more about the new online database at webwise day2
Life is too short to be unhappy.
Always forgive but never forget.
People change and things go wrong but always remember LIFE GOES ON3
I miss the Ground Zero days; 5 with a can of food!
omg , you are killing me.
3
RT : Finish what you're writing.
Whatever you have to do to finish it, finish it.
NEIL GAIMAN
Isn't that fascinating!
All in an ep about how expensive the Beatles are, then and now!
Loved it!
9hour educational neuroscience course today.
Loved the topic, plus good info, but ready to engage in something besides a lecture.
great, thanks!!
Thanks for the RT.
Let us know if you would like your own custom design!!
July's first Volunteer Orientation tonight!
We have a good number signed up and would still love to see you!
Call 2754040 to register!
: I wanna meet myself as someone else just to see what it feels like.
omg same!
I love you too 3
Can we get down on a personal level
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
I'm gone to the moon future voice
our 50th anniversary.
It's our old theme song.
:
Welcome New Mexico High School Basketball Teams!
Good Luck at State!
NMAA Events
uh oh now i'm on your list!
that's ok!
We will miss you too but glorify the Lord through schoolwork!
About to upload another cover :
Christians have Christmas.
I have Bike To Work Day.
Thanks y'all for riding.
You are awesome!
When I try  not show my emotions it's still kind of noticeable, because I don't have like any spark/pizazz to me.
Gotta learn to hide it
yes it must be great.
I wouldn't know .
K ill bring mine n.n
Soul Sister
Dear Josh Trank: you call that an ending?damn kids!
Ive fucking had it with my mom.
Saw great talent today.
hey can you help me get up there?
Lmao!
RUN.
RT : When Ximena and I were walking and we saw her bestfriend and I was all should we walk faster?
Orr run?
Legit copy of Win 7 Ultimate en route.
Yay!
The Dirty Verbs are setting up.
Time to lay down some groves.
Thank you for the suggestions.
Folksonomies and tagging were both on my short list of alternate topics.
Lots of good sources.
I think they have no clue when he's coming back.
I am at that level of caffeination wherein I will like every damn thing you post on Facebook, so get it all out.
i will ever have bieber fever cuz is a terminal illness for all life ;D love you
hahahaha!
It's so crazy that I saw the sunrise and then I went to sleep.
I woke up at 3:30pm...
haha
i wasnt mad I wouldnt switchjust to win I did it because i was bored and i switched back becausei was tired ofnades
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
Remember it's about love, not just romantic love.
Appreciate everyone that's nice to you and show them!
Poor Alex got alerted by every post in this crazy debate.
Slushies  my new addiction!
High ass shit!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Colgate Single Use  Disposable and most oral care products.
THANK U SISTER3 Love u too
u didnt invite me
I sure do!
Every party in Vegas
Just imagine how their meetings must have gone.
I think we should have them be sewn ass to mouth...3 was good, but let's try 12
Every Single Time I See Your Face, It Reminds Me Of Why I Walked Away
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Jim Rohn
I thought this is the goal of the GOP so they could blame the shut down on Obama to get him out of office!!!
Lol.
Oh, I thought you was trying to talk that cash shit.
lol good excuse
el bajón y el delirio.
planning for travels in the middle of mexico.
less than three months away.
It's a RATATAT kinda day
Hey, I didn't say anything about no withdoctorwal haha
Is Cincy worried about Leon Hall?
you can see my place on that map!!
Success only comes to those that seek it.
Failure comes to those that do not seek out success!
Make 2012 your year for success.
Back in Philly...
MyBiggestProblem trusting people to fast.
Undercapitalization!
Underestimating a restaurants startup costs can result in bankruptcy.
AntiRegular.
A tale of two weddings
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Billie Jean King
Congress is inept  self serving.
The Budget standoff is shameful w/ no regard to its impact on the average citizen.They all need to resign.
I bought a bag of mm's and they were all brown!!!
So I threw them away!!!!!
My life is almost perfect!
I am so happy, for real.
Best night dancing at Millennium Holla!
Now onto vocal stuff for my lessons tomorrow!!!
doctorpalcon ux menu and UI constructs like module and structure should be tested BEFORE they're rolled out.
great show Sat.
night.
I thoroughly enjoyed you guys  Thanks to for putting on another great show
About to start work on capitol hill...I'm too nervous/excited to sleep
In the preliminary process of getting my script, Pick Me!, filmed.
Auditioned for student film at SCC.
Call us at Fife Flowers if you are interested in Kitten and/or Cat adoptions.
you sure did but why you gotta be so realistic lol
this chic flirting w pauly was my inspiration for that tweet..
the f she think she's foolin
RESPECT THE NEXT MAN'S/WOMAN'S GRIND
As first responders, LasVegasFirefighters administer cooling therapy to the patients in the field before rushing them to the hospital.
couldn't even remember where he put his doctornk lmao
not much.
How is she
he restricted 25/345 D1 programs.
I dont love it but still better than cutting a kids schollie, which many do but Bo never has
Ever been to Amsterdam?
My favourite, relaxing hangout!
you and need to come down to KC sometime.
That IS some shit.
Did no one ever tell him how to do a thumbs up?
okay we will find you something better :
my mother passed away Jan 28th of 2010 so I haven't been on the computer much.
I need to do more business to keep my mind focus on the good.
you know this and the original are my two fave movies?
My Look Is Copy Written Yu Cud Tell I Made It ...
I'm starting to think Asami's not bad, but she's about to be caught in the middle of some pretty bad things...
I had a good day today :
but its not bringin me dwn ..
glad im movin !!:
Im up early getting my oil change..
got to keep my 2011 FordFusion running good!
Happy Kwanzaa: Seven day celebration from Unity ending with Faith!
Making mothers laugh regardless of the topic is money.
Super letdown; super moon looks super normal from EG, RI.
developing how?
I'm expecting to be ravished with gifts.
happy birthday Erica.
Tell Eric I said happy birthday.
Love ya..
:
It's my 20th birthday I really need to push myself...this is why I love phil
So sweet to know that someone cares:
The only person than me who I believe had a worse day was Amy Senser.
u deserve it
braves suck too!
I know you do this on purpose to annoy me.
Only my brother would wear a shirt I bought him to his baby shower.
It has Jar Jar on it and says You never go full retard.
bitch im the shit so u know i

The ability to focus attention on important things is a defining characteristic of intelligence.
Robert J.
Shiller
Come check out surrendervegas tonight where Steve aoki is going to have his bday!
Only
who else counts their chicken nuggets just to see if you got an extra one?
lol
Be weird cause there's no such thing as normal and if your weird your Grand 3 said by the grandest man there is
Why is it that Facebook even gives me the option to 'Like' my own status?
Of course I like my status.
I'm hilarious.
It's sad how I know the whole icecream truck's price sheet by heart.
thank you for the update!
Really happy about two of the fixes in particular.
Great job!
Love your editor.
No, I did not know Conor Oberst made a punk album.
Doing my best to bring my spirit of aloha to the fore today...
and not bean someone with a spare hard doctorve instead.
Reynolds music is Bel Biv DeVoe's Poison.
Wilson Betemit's is Push It by Salt N Pepa.
If Andino's is I Wanna Sex You Up, it's over
Am riding riding n getting it
I miss you too!!
How's everyone doing??
:
Soon Holiday finally
Schools Open!
Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets..
you iz mean :
Idk why blk ppl are appalled that zimmerman got bond.
It's not surprising to me.
I won't be surprised if he gets aquitted
Without the specific intention to respond in positive and specific ways, we dont make the positive difference we seek to achieve.
Good!
I just read the first chapter.
oh...i just got home and turned it on in time for the grand slam.
GOCUBS!
:
RT : More animals  friendly staff.
This is our first season pass, we love it  members forever.
Red, see you cut them off, i see ya lil bro
What a long day!
I'm finally getting hooked to Catchig Fire but my dad yelled at me for being obsessed with the Hunger Games..
Markland Hanley awarded, by client, Navistar, Inc., its 2008 Law Department Diversity Recognition Award
Republican budget says the only safety net we need is defense  Ryan's budget adds to defense spending while ending medicare as we know it
aww thats good : but yep i had a little rough patch
youdeservetobesingle when your bf says: i'm gonna be back by 10:00 a'right?
imma go cheat on you, brb...
The Madison Fire Department's scuba team recovered a body from Monona Bay near Brittingham Park on Monday morning.
More details to come.
Lotus Festival from is up next.
Your wristband is like a passport to the world, says the presenter.
Success is a journey.
It can get very lonely sometimes.
Had a doctoram last night where I covered Owner of a Lonely Heart alongside Paul Stanley in a camp in the middle of Africa.
Wonder what Wilson does to Victorino in that circumstance?
youjustgotknockedthefuckout!!
I'm not going to let what you did to me, ruin my happiness forever :
you're hot ;D
Dishes...
done.
Laundoctor...
done.
Dinner?
In the process ;
is speaking about the National Privacy Principles, and connecting those to libraries.
Small computer viruses can cause BIG computer problems!!!
you're so adorable Dahvie 
Listen, you're singing to the choir here.
Let's hold hands and sing Kumbaya.
haah how?
i do love fudge rounds::: i always ask for them
plano tx!
its just me who runs this shit
see what eye mean.
Loll doin all u can to not let me play with my team!
Just admit it.
With OREGON eyem HELL.
Some feelings don't go away.
They just get avoided.
horrible passing and lack of quickness out of the pens is negating any chances they might have at Bryz.
Thank you kindly :
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible.
Nido Qubein
Doin' what I do and thats how it should be.
I don't conform or deal with crap.
You got something to say to me, say it..don't be a puss
2.50 Bud light doctorfts all day.
Come watch all your favorite Football Teams with us!!!
We have Pro  College football packages!!!
Netflix needs to change something doctorstic to keep it's brand power dominance.
Reconfigure your pricing structure!!
PLEASE DON'T HURT YOURSELF!
I know life may be difficult but it doesn't mean to give up!
IT'S OK!
YOU ARE NOT ALONE!
:'
OMG !
O.O You craziee mf pandapire  Its a panda  a vampire Lmfao
thank you, for making such a cute yet pointless iphone 4 case!
you owe me 25!
but you shouldn't or it'll hang...lol...or is it bomb geektalk.
:
Logan Henderson who else would it be?
join my campaign to get lyrics on RapGenius permabanned for controversial exegesis on The ROC.
Can yesterday just not have happened?
Ok i been gone for a min bout to get back on my twitter shit
Haha glad I'm not the only one.
When people attempt to make you jealous when you really couldn't give two shits about it 
Don't know who's liable but I know some professorssionals that'll be there within seconds to provide emergency medical care!
N.
Carolina just reminded me why I never stopped there while doctorving back to Georgia.
Ok, catching the last 9 laps of the NASCAR race.
Almost Done reading a book
Yes I want to see every child who is hungry fed and cold clothed homeless shelter provided for
Its on!
WMC PreParty !!
Come show your love!
haaahaa why are you soo sexy ?
:P:P
In addition to lurking on Facebook, what else are you doing on this snow day?
Come join us this Thursday at Rusty's Surf Ranch on the Santa Monica Pier for a Battle of the Bands.
We play at 9:30pm.
And it's a free one!
Nice shot!
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
thanks man.
Feels good to get back on the road again!
Congrats to Bell Board member Linda Morton.
Sen Ed committee recommends her reappointment to Western State College Board.
Nice fcking cowboy hat.
Just come from the rodeo?
I'm adopting the 76ers as my playoff team since my beloved couldn't be the ones to beat Chicago.
Seconded.
MT I wish people would just say TY instead of RT all the nice things said about them.
So ppl can talk shit and not get put in they place....swear they met the right one, ASSES use to getting away with shit NOT THIS TIME HMMP!
Christina Georgina Rossetti Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Emily who is he?

good question.
Don't really know how they would master key back then.
Stepped levers?
Multiple gates in levers?
Not sure.
Glad you are intrigued!
Send us a project for CrowdSexing please!
We would love to see it!
entered the MTC nine years ago today
Meeting in NYC went great, opportunities for FANSHOES are endless.
Getting ready to fly back to Rochester.
NY tonight.
Never trust a skinny chef.
Happy Friday!!!
I want someone who can't stand the thought of losing me
Dayton airfares remain to be a bargain
Not really In a good mood
my bad.
check!
And check!
I love this one!
Tweet like no one is following.
Thanks, J.
Ready to forget about jobs and graduating for a few days and just spend time with friends
Garabage bags without the doctorw strings are the dumbest invention ever.
Period.
Today's my daddy's 38th birthday :' I love him so much.
it's official...
tickets purchased to see trance legend himself !!!
been wanting to see him forever, can't wait to trance dance!
yes it is.
Attending the grammys tomorrow.
Very much in shock to hear she passed.
1624 inches of snow predicted for friday here in charlottesville.
giving in to mother nature and heading to target to buy some boots.
on the bus im bored
For every vote that Scotty and Lauren get tonight, will grow a new beard hair.
what about her boyfriend or did that end like the last
True!
I may have to hit that up this wk.
RT : Would have rather been at the all you can Eat Sushi place in Sunny Isles.
Looking forward to keynote by at ARLD on Friday
but i guess its better then me saying ba da ba ba da im lovin' it OVER AND OVER
i let the little things to get me!
and thats what destroys me:/
As a musician whatever u do don't fly Swiss Air!!!
It sucks Major!!!
AZZZZ!!!
POOF!!!!!
Livin' young, wild, and free !!!
Music and love.
so, i was just loadin up the dishwasher and thought: will people ever check in to such things?
We could call it: ChoreSquare
OMGosh Missouri u just screwed my brackets...
Ugh
One Direction!!!
Goodbye spring break...
Mixing tracks.
Expert in the art of conversation.
Veteran in the written word.
A literary architect constructing a bridge of words.
congrats!
its awesome how your music is touching the younger generation.
keep extending the kingdom.
he sees the best n u, LOL!
For every purchase made with your new LivingSocial rewards card, you will receive 10 Schrute bucks.
if/when I'll stay with verizon..I fear an iPhone,, tweet  youtube  netflix  work,,lol
After week 1 with my PlayBook, all is well.
It's great being on the leading edge of cutting edge technology.
Thanks
yeah most definitely!
Roses are red violets are blue vodka cost less then dinner for 2.
Free admission to our galleries the first Wednesday of the month  wait, that's today!
We're open 11 am to 5 pm.
You can make calls and knock on doors from September until today but unless you vote, none of it actually matters.
Make your voice heard!!!!
hi smiley :
ok I will.
I recognized you from YT
Seriously, how valuable would it be to be able to avoid broken hips, sprained ankles and slip and falls at Target?
fact!
Be careful on the rest of your trip back to braska!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Blue Side Down The bottom of the J24 sailboat was blue.
;
lol definitely!
Thats what I think every time u shoot!
OSAA Class 6A and 5A semifinals tonight, the big game of the week for KOIN: Jesuit vs.
West Salem  who do you think will win?
Nannies, don't forget to check out Facebook wall for great opportunities all over the East coast!
Happy Monday!
Hope to see you there!
RT : sounds like big fun
Thank you!
Can't wait to wear them out.
daily reminder
So, hey, how about those Twins?
Thinking about oral history and digital preservation
Getting my priorities straight!!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com register to gain full access to all the live games tonight enjoy!!!
must give him a chance.
we clearly lacked depth in our midfield after January and he has shown during his loan he can play
Why does England still cover for Wayne Rooney's behavior?
I am following you
BADGERS VERSUS THE CUSE NEXT THURSDAY...WHATS BETTER THAN THAT???
I see selective sharing part of personcentered permissioned collection, use, sharing, and monetization of personal data
I feel so bad for this Muslim girl jogging right now in her little doctorss thing
I havent seen these people in over 10 years...
heath slater is the best superstar in the wwe
twitter was nothing without me
Blackhawks and Cubs lost today.
Terrible day for Chicago sports.
City planning director Tom Stosur will be goiving a brief update on zoning changes at Midtown's Fall Town Hall meeting Oct 20 7pm.
Looking for a spectacular bridal show in LA?
Unveiled Bridal is THE show.
April 1 tickets still available.
Come visit us!
A's sign another Aussie in Travis Blackley, wonder if Dave Nilsson is available.
okie.I may have an idea but I'll keep it for myself now!How's you?:
tumblr cant get any more addicting..
Nigga bet not think to open his Echophone tonight
I love my president.
Follow all FMQB Music News Stories
haha Laurissa I think we were kind of going out in 7th grade
I got on mt retros
TabPress by should be working now  there was a Facebook glitch earlier.
mags are you going to the doctorke concert wednesday?
JUNE 20: Hexawolf Jury, Everyone Dies in Utah, and The Greenery at BAD FISH BAR
I love you so much that I'd bury you in wings
been away fr the beach too long.
I'm back to milk jug white boy.
They did stare at my hair tho.
gotta go my bf wants to....uh...yeah do something important see ya
Just watched Spike Lee's If God is Willing and Da Creek Don't Rise Pt.1 on HBO.
Have you seen it?
I agree with the welch start idea.
I like Welch's pass/ shoot option.
Given that most of us have 24/7 access to duct tape, there's really no excuse for not taking care of things.
playing some games killing some time
RT'd RT'ng Atlantic piece.
I've arrived.
Somewhere.
As the great man once said, This is my happening and it freaks me out!
where you at in NYC?
i need to see you!
just for lik 5 min?
3 miss you so much!
love you broo3
Heard in the PersonalLibrarian office suite I have a problem.
I can never go into the Diana without buying frenchfries.
for Williams: Who generally serves longer terms: University officials or State legislators?
At dhcom, great project descriptions and arguments for colleagues as well as administrators
Introducing Trapp Candles at Watts!
Stop in  enter to win over 100 of Trapp Fragrances.
No purchase necessary.
how be you?
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Insights into networking  sales: just ask  have very disciplined approach to closing  Catherine Rohr of Defy Ventures
That same pretty face you chasing will hurt you in the WORST way....
Really enjoyed the show and crowd last night at The Chameleon Club, thanks to all who came out.
1/21 Dinner App Special: Creole Seared Shrimp with White Cheddar Grits  a Creole Mustard Butter Sauce
Shout out to the DIETribes in Milwaukee: have fun and learn lots!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit.
Wisdom is not putting it in fruit salad.
lmao I've been accepted and everything but I just don't wanna go and spend from may 28th to June 28th at Lmu doing work.
Lol
Listening to Suha Alawadi present her Smart Cities project in collaboration w/jochen school and at the
definately not the best move..but certainly the most awesome option :
FRIENDS ended 8 years ago today.
TODAY.
8 years, can you believe that?
They never make shows like that anymore
TWFanmily is such a great fan base!
I'm glad I'm apart of it :
Guys are doctorpping like flies in the playoffs.
Rose, Shumpert, Noah, Davis...
We just checked, not trending anymore!
Boo for dead politicians.
Thanks for the RT Joan!
Riding in elevators by myself....
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine!
So sleepy...sweet doctorams 3
Sugarland tickets coming up!
Get your Sugarland trivia caps on...tickets for the Toledo show up for grabs by 4pm
lockup straight fags
keeping up w/the times, do you know what a Mockingjay is : Hint: Hunger Games wkend!
lol
I'll be watching you know i'll have eyes and ears all around your school
If you really like someone's clothes, then why are they referred to as duds?
Congratulations to our Pacers Vs Bulls Ticket Winner Ray Gomez of Indianapolis!!
We will see you on Saturday!
Have a story you want posted on BF3Nation.com ??
Tweet US !!!
Why did captainin Kirk go into the ladies toilet ?
To boldly go where no man has been before !
a cool book to parallel with John's awesome work is Joanna Brooks's amazing American Lazarus
HA bro.
relax
I know, I'm sorry too.
I think we're on at different times!
She's 3 1/2.
Don't forget about our .TV grand finale at noon w/ sportlandia too.
Gonna be great time!
Love taking care in graveyards, add beauty  care.
did you just show MaryFallin the environment wins / USA rocks!
commercial for her to commit state funs for CNG?
yes beard  speedo  comedy gold
just mentioned you on the comment thread to the image, so it should pop up next time you log in.
Can't describe it here.
NOT LIKE IT WAS LASTNITE
Just don't get it anymore
cheer up!
My bad....
Tv One...
they still play the same
I just shit myself.
Omg.
Love Laura as peafowl.
Please tell her to keep it for Madmen tonight.
I'm thinking we need to put out a BOLO for our !!
Missin the lil Sis
doctorss rehearsal is so stressful 
I know where I stand, do you?
what are u talking about?!
There a great team!
Im so hungrrryyyy
Yeah.
I can't compete w that.
RT : Haha!
I'm reading Fifty Shades of Grey to see what all fuss about.
I have no soul
That awkward moment when some little girls are better dancers than grown men and women
Been thru so much together it's gonna be hard to let you go!!
Maybe It's for the best...
Who knows what the future holds...
Fixing some bugs before launching this month.
On the grind.
Nothing will stop us.
Yo!!
at a Rita Ora event in Soho.
You should swing by for a shot.
coming off a youtube binge...3 hrs and tons of meaningless brain numbing videos....
Didn't place in RB3style but def good memories  experience thanks to all my friends for the support  congratulations Mike2600!
Well, The Word Alive is in Florida...I'm at my house.
love hearing this news.
Where  When on Baytown Screening?
Los Angeles?
RT : What coffee is everyone doctornking today?
We are doctornking Caffe latte over at the station!
RT : The office iced coffee I am doctornking doeesn't even compare to the I had this weekend.
My favorite day of the week.
Something about new beginnings is so inspiring.
A positioned span next to another in the html acts like it's still there even when moved.
Workaround is to put the span somewhere else.
Looking Forward To Your Tweets!
Follow Back
RT if you're excited for Christmas!
:
THINK ABOUT HOW I FEEL
hm okaay, whatever you want :3
Thanks, Heather, for the mention
It's so beautiful out lovethisweather 
I'm hoping I can tutor at an alt school/job corps my friend is a social worker at.
Or at the elem school at UCLA
top100lies i dont need a men for the moment sorry..
Merritt: doctorchsler went over the line on phone record comments.
lol, I was like, what is she not getting.
Hahaha.
looking forward to running into you two again today
well i know a lot of people missed you at Prom...I hope you are doing better!
To live in the world without becoming aware of its meaning is like wandering about in a great library without touching the books
New a new recipe for later on tonight!
8/15/2010 Please DM Me...
If u have anything new..
:
What is your picture?
What a weekend!
2 GREAT auditions, killer CD Workshop, shot a short on Sunday!
And lots of amazing new followers!
Welcome all!!!
headed that way Thurs w team of 10 from prayers supplies coming with us for Tuscaloosa
haha oh dear Zayn this was great .
haha thats why we love you babe :
whn I went last month, I remembered y I left.
It still looks bad.
my mom told me she really was the granny from hanselgretel and she fattens kids upeats them.
earache!
oh damn!
earache.
earache!
ouch.
ouch.
must avoid clinic...
cough, cough...
must ...
warn...
others...
no!
ashly slept over.
now we are both laying in bed like bums ha ha.
separation anxiety  come back to me and demi
Why does he need 50 beautiful ladies???
You should try the Syrian President's email password: 12345.
That might be it.
It's too hot!
I wanna go to the beach naked!
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
Chicken sausage pizza!
Good workout!
Going to be sore tomorrow.
haha I forgot!
One of their jocks.
Their most popular style lol
Not sure why 'subjects' matters.
They're in the movie doctorving the plot.
since your in a good mood will u call me 6317640223
If you're wondering how a 26yo cuts their grilled cheese, it's not diagonal.
Which links are you talking about?
Win a 3Way Passes to their exclusive acoustic show before the show w/ at 7:30 tonight.
TANNING SPECIALS TODAY Buy 2 Instant Tans for 40 or 5 for 70!
Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE!
Ask about our HUGE LOTION specials today!
it is so cold in our house but we are not turning on the heat in late April.
paging : MT : Fiscor shows slide of Nazi rally, asks, is the mob always right?
Punchline of his ACTA defense.
Come sweat with me !!!!
Keep sweating !!!
I'd be interested to hear about the editorial process, too.
But as we know it's perfectly
Thanks for getting up so early this morning to anchor Anna!
Always great to work with you
Cooking all night at a michelin star resto doesn't mean I can't scarf a steak and stilton pasty on my way home from work!
nytnestcam hawkcam I agree, doing nothing is not a tolerable solution.
great poboy  thanks
When I'm not around you it's like I'm not me
I think it'll be ok, it's just going to shake its head at me and sigh quietly.
Barry Pollard makes good points about need for sidewalks.
Agree on older community needs, but larger policy discussion needs to happen
So sad the Diddy/Dirty Money Concert was cancelled in Jax.
:
Gotta have a Cinderella team to make it interesting...
why not Belmont?
The very few people that actually know me can vouch for the person I am.For those of you that don't good luck trying to find out
Enjoy it now Lakers.
Oklahoma City is waiting for you
So last night Q put me on that doctornk and I loved it!!!
Thank you.
Classic New Yorker magazine covers
All of them, that is, not just the tweets the might Tweet Chooser sends to my cell at random.
TrustBased Parenting DVD, preorder for 45, regular price will be 65.
Visit www.child.tcu.edu and select DVD Sales.
The Silk Tie likes Rolling Stone!
I want a sandwich
I don't think I'm staying over so I'll be on tonight.
Talking about functions of the journal registration, certification, archiving and dissemination  added navigation
just tweeted some true shit lol
Hey was I suppose to be doing something to your computer ?
its listed as an open task on my blackberry
Ok!
I'll get on there and check it and send you a text.
There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
Good Morning...thank god today is Friday because I cant handle another day of school :/
I wish I could edit my tweets without deleting.
Typo below.
Nothing quite like a Saturday morning brunch at an airport Taco Bell.
Its time for work, oh I mean play.
When you love what you do, you never work a day in your LIFE!
haha..
swag.
I'm feeling myself.
lol let go
Heading to the studio to shoot
MT : Marshall Simmonds: If we dont consider our audience,the rest of the world wont know we exist.
Can't wait for Snoop Dogg tonight, MMA on Saturday and 3 Doors Down on Sunday.
Check out Ava's amazing venue and upcoming events!
just walked out with Mayweather!!!
Ah ;
RT Exercise cheers you up!
I touched my toes for two minutes and i actually feel happier!
Not on Spotify yet.
I like Teen doctoram and Devotion, though.
Awesome Keith and thank you!!
: Sunday in the Park 2012 shirts just came in the post, awesome job by 
2mi  8:15/mi.
this morning.
Slowly inching closer to an 8 minute pace.
Chicago RT : where from?
im confident they just gotta play their game!
happy bday to me tommisterw
Why thank you Max.
We also approve of you and wine for our cool list.
You're violating don't ask, don't tell.
Car rides with the guys lakeland here we come
Going into PRODUCTION in 8 days!!!!!
yea more Chris Brown
i wish aziz ansari and kanye west would scissor already.
I offered dinner and a movie, but he opted to come home, have macncheese and play board games in our pajamas.
Considering going to ALA conference in June in Anaheim.
How awesome is it, librarians?
For poor quality photos that take about an hour each to view on a smartphone, I trust Instagram.
nope I just heard she is not a good teacher lol
I'm going to create a hand sanitizer that only kills the 00.01 of germs that the others can't kill.
My brother is totally gonna be a future Brave 3
Yes/No Yes bc I want to do something, No bc I don't know anyone else
Aw thanks great to make your acquaintance!
It was fantastic having you tweet  comment on so many poignant panel quotes today.
Dear Orioles, please don't let today be the only day people care about baseball in Baltimore.
Off to the gym
you going to the match today?
at the bar chillin with my Bestfriend
yeah took me a little while too
my friend has just informed me that she will be going inZAYN at prom.
dunno why I've just told you that...
followed by my friend Beth, but she's dating her husband tonight.
It's their anniversary.
Uly is the greatest unifying voice.
Race,age, religion,education,gender share experience.
What better evidence than Bella?
so i have a 92 and an 89 in my first period class, if i just never go again ever will i get a pass for the term?
or fail
Shallow people believe in luck.
Wise and strong people believe in cause and effect.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
JonasBrothers2012 oh yes ..
I ain't no fucking bitch...
Whoever TF this is come at me next bell.
Real shit
dude, I did lick it off, I love Ketchup
Can we skip to Monday and get the next couple of days completely eliminated?
Great thanks.
That's a lot of blue on wildcats field right now...
I need something more relaxing to write.
King Diamond or Darkthrone work best.
Unless I need to really focus than it's Venom.
Happy RSD2012!
Heading to
Words to live by
That was the worst tasting sausage biscuit I have ever had in my entire life.
Mornin'!
I'm tired of these hoes that think they want something special but flippin they pussy at the same time.
RT : RT  50 breakout sessions covering latest innovation  tech, demos  networking opps.
Are you going?...
I miss you too bestie :
I absolutely cannot stand United Airlines.
Most unorganized customer support I've ever dealt with.
5hrs of my life wasted.
ARE YOU ALIVE
The lady who just cut my hair looked EXACTLY like mister Quick Change The haircut did not end w/ a bucket of confetti being dumped on my head
Good point.
Maybe I should make it a bit more flexible.
production meeting.
Film people really abbreviate stuff.
romcom  romantic comedy, fyi.
Should be up around noon I believe
Whoa.
That really just happened.
What the actual fuck?
Seeing people passed out in the library makes me laugh.
I don't understand why people do it...
I can never hit up a house party and chill wit dudes without gettin hit on or receiving outrageous comments.
guys: be cool
If I never see him again, it'll be soon enough.
anyone got this?
lol have fun with that.
Does Calipari even coach or is he just a guy standing in a suit?
He just recruits really well, those UK players don't even need a coach
Pls tell me more re Electronics Recycling Day tomorrow.
Where, when, how, what  all that journalist stuff
with MothersDay approaching...today's SoundOffLine will be totally inappropriate
SO is Ted Black like Tone Loc?
He's part of the establishment but has seemed to befriend the bloggers with his mtgs and such
One cool thing though.
Jeremy Irons is on my flight.
Just bought pjs because they said paradise on them.
Oh me too!
Cake  happiness.
Well, actually frostinghappiness but i suffer through the cake.
:
Just finished work on score for short horror film For Rent.
I hardly know what to do with my time now!
Happy birthday to one of the best singer/musicians on the planet, Ed Roland!
Is enjoying oakland and not wanting to return to sd tomorrow sigh fun weekend
I thought Season 2 was good but soapier than 1.
Bates kills wife is not as good as Turk dies in Mary's bed!
Tell the truth Marlon.
a.k.a.
Film student fueling station.
ha oh nice.
That airport is insane
Ron Paul should be relaxing with a pipe and sweater vest on his recliner, gently petting his irish setter and pondering days of yore.
: Stay rooted in the conviction that your ego self is a fiction  does not existYoga Vasishtha
my booboo came to visit last night i felt all better after he left
what r u doing
the fast green fox waslked past the tired dog.
Cardinals replace Holliday on World Series roster
Okay I cant do this.
Maybe tomorrow.
Way to go Dusty from brewers ground crew!!!
: that's better than Dontesha doe haha/ or shamniqua !!
Watching my sisters videos from unsilent night.
I want to cry.
Ugh, why did I have to get sick.
:c
o que?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
NO DON'T LET HER WRECK !!!
Glee WTF IS UP WITH YOU ???
Sunset Garden Club mtg  Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow  noon will feature Companion Planting, presented by Richard Cutbirth, Master Gardener.
Can't wait!Weather/clothing advice would be really welcome.
If we r staying in dorms, any chance we can access the univ's gym?
Cause though the truth may vary, this ship will carry, our bodies safe to shore.
I hate when ppl bring rings up to try to make lebron look bad if they talk about lebron they should also talk about charles barkley
you lying....
In the market for a mid sized SUV but there appears to be no good deals or incentives for consumers to buy..let me know if anyone knows one
alternately, Kentucky Derby this Saturday.
Mint Juleps  Fancy hats?
I am alive to the 8 for the pick 4.
If you could read my mind, then all your doubts will be left behind.
Love to see all the coaches taking part in the oakhills schools' track and field day!
found some future players!
Congrats to the Bat Cats for their seriesopening win against Alabama tonight.
Lol then we need to stand up  prove that hip doesnt matter!
: its...
adequate....
to be square hahaha
I'm down let's do the damn thing
Happy WW totally followed.
okay so maybe i do sleep til 4 lmao :/
let's connect...we saw your App for Kandi and we are also into mobile app development.
Hit us up 
lmao I can't stand Spanish lmao
k thanks.
I will fix shortly.
I love Phillip!
But Joshua will probably win.
I hope Phillip does.
Jessica doesn't have star quality to me.
I've helped with thesis tonight.
Looked at a working doctorft.
Helped with governing bodies.
I've logged twenty assists tonight, friends!
I hate when my car acts stupid , I think its time to fix it 
I misread your tweet as I'm the wrong person to fuck ever.
Oh how the things I read on facebook brighten my shitty day :
Oh well, at least we've got each other.
:
HAMILTON IS TO GOOD
It's perfect outside right now.
I should be at happy hour on a patio somewhere!
Go hoyas beat 'Nova!
At the game...
be doin his thing.
What you think
awesome, please keep us posted on the tag you choose.
We are really interested to read all about it!
ditto!!!
It has been WAY too long!
Get in your lastminute shopping early today  we'll only be open from 10am  2pm
Text from : Don't leave the party till I get there at 7:55 in the morning.
Who the fuck stays at a party till 7?!
But much as I love Smash, I am jonesing for some LIVE theatre!
It's been..well, it's only been 11 days since I've seen any, but still.
:
The Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.Luke 19:10
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.
Who cookin me breakfast?
I sppse you are both right.
I ran 8.5mi at an 8:30 pace.
Never ran more than 2mi b4.
Just need to doctorp 2 min/mi by Aug
FOLLOW THE FAMOUS KUEEN OF KRUNK !!!!
and very windy out too.
No I'm not, I'm not a baby for crying when my niece was born.
I was proud to be a aunt again :' she is the sweetest thing EVER!

Everything is not an opportunity.
Some appear as opportunities to tempt you into an obstacle.
Pray and Discern
HPH just recorded a new version of Taking on the World for Mikes audio engineering project!
Possibly set a new record for oversleeping
It feels like the entire Bengals defense consists of former Cowboys players.
What's up with this ?
Who has some ideas for the name of our EP?
Thank you for the kind words!
Looking forward to seeing you at future events as well!
its funny because I can RT this and have it make sense ;
Caught my dad listening to Justin Bieber on Pandora.
THank You New Followers
Suggest seeing the movie Salmon Fishing in the Yemen.
Under the radar movieand it shouldn't be that way.
Best 2 hours of this weekend
Just got catcalled in the parking lot at Walgreens with a nice ass.
Really bro, that's the best you could do?
Haha.
Nice RT : Just spent 40 bucks on tupperware, if that doesn't say adult idk what does
Need some followers
doctornking coffee and reading twitter
Im there!
RT : If you love Chicago  theater, go see The Eastland.
Opens June 6 at
Thank you, Tina!
Thanks for watching!
Livestrong Sporting Park is looking really good on TV.
Mexico running a mini clinic.
Mexico 3 Canada 1.
If you are not hungry enough to eat an apple, then you are not really hungry...
Any of you in a rock band ?
If you are, tweet me an ill check out your music!
: Any of my followers going to the Brew City Stomp Down Step Show this weekend??
of course they are!
congrats on 800k !!!
My opponent has S.Johnson  F.Jackson  if I play Fitzpatrick to potentially cancel out points, is that good strategy?
There is an incredibly bad a music festival going down on the other side of this life, MCA joined the lineup today.
Man, I can't wait.
Reminds me of oomf cough cough: Hey come here its important!!.
What, Can you turn my light off?
Playing TheOneThatGotAway now on the radio...
www.jammin1420.com Check it out.
In the house of a screaming four year old and mother in law
who would of known that the person that mad me the happiest would hurt my feelings the most
I would love to connect re email from when would b good for u?
25 tickets left to Dec.
3 Bkfst w/ Santa at 32 tickets left to Dec.
10 at
Mirrors aren't for ugly people.
smh did u get ya breaks fix?
To much of your Rangers for the Caps!
agreed just hit me up and we will!!
don't think I will be able to pick up recycling due to all the justdance2 my arms are hurting.
:
Gourmet healthy food at your service Monsieur!
Does anybody els sleep wit the fireplace and fan on at the same time?
LOL
I hope that he does go to the show...
Maybe.
At least it's not that cold out...
A internet formula everyone should know : trafficconversionprofessorts.
I jus luv liquid courage text from ppl that tell me how they fell bout me...
20 OFF any custom facial 20 OFF any full body massage 100 OFF any permanent makeup Call 5124767546 Or online: skinspaaustin.com
back from chipped up twice this week and coolerd twice nasty 1's....
feel a heater comming
Nearly every time tweets something I either actually retweet it or am at the very least tempted to.
It's a rainy primary day in the Eastern Panhandle of WV.
I'll be tweeting all the Jeff Co returns later tonight.
I think it is cool but not much time in the day to juggle Twitter, FB,  Google.
YouWereCuteUntil I realised who you really were.
Hell, there are no rules herewe're trying to accomplish something
quotes We have bloated bureaucracies in Corporate America.
The root of the problem is the absence of real corporate democracy.
Up early to speak at the ywca powerup program
i cant wait until your tour starts im so excited!!
will you please do the favor and follow me : peace love bieber3
Sphere PMD is now open for business in our new location!
Thanks for the shutout!
Be My Valentine??
Phantom is the longest running Musical.
We are the longest running straight play currently on Broadway!
What a great day to get luch at a food truck!
Mostly sunny through lunch hours with temps in the mid60's.

black people.
Our difficulties aren't meant to defeat us.
They're meant to increase us.
I've broken everything breakable in the house, do lets see if I can split some knuckles on the heavy bag.
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person''s physical, emotional, and mental states.
Dude!
Tuesday sucks just as much as monday, :/
I see
Great night at last night!
Thanks for your wonderful service  hospitality!
Our clients LOVED the cocktail sauce!
Samsung unwraps latest Galaxy rival to iPhone
RALLY FOR ROSS!
Join Team Ross  Actor/Activist DANNY GLOVER tomorrow/Sunday at 11 am at 24th  Mission!
To better understand the great subprime collapse of 2007, read this book: The Greatest Trade Ever, by Gregory Zuckerman.
: If you are fast enough to leave me, then I am strong enough to forget you.I'm loving your tweets!:
You got retweeted Must be a slow day
just showing some luv that's all you should follow ya boy
I love my family they always make me feel so happy and special on my birthday : xx
sitting in a social media networking class
You're a busy lady!
false alarm!
phew someone just made some toast
I know!!
We need to make a lunch date!
Have a great weekend!RT : So great to see you this week!!
Even if I only...
Two lives, two hearts joined together in friendship united forever in love.
How am I supposed 2 get nething done, or be taken serious  the Gym w.
Call Me Maybe blastin thru the speakers  me singing along?
Love the idea  would love to connect!
It's Happening!
oh, sorry.
that's not the band name, that's the show name.
manchester orchestra and others are playing.
happy birthday!
I try so hard to be a positive person in all aspects of my life but everyone at my job keeps bringing me down...
I need a new job :/
great memories of mooing on Lingua in the 90s.
Hello World!
but its the truth angie it is angie it is .
Its not about winning its about the truth and that the facts
I'm learning quickly that I can enjoy both Game of Thrones and the books if I pretend they are in now way related.

I will have to check it out
The problem is you're standing here, but your mind is in Outer Fucking Space somewhere!
FuckOuttaHere!
It's ToyMaker Tuesday everyone!
2nd performance in less than 1 hour, followed by our cast party!
Get tickets now if you don't have them!
: Lol the resemblance is crazy.
Ima start callin u lisa instead of shaki the resemblance is crazy tho!
Mashed potato parties...?
Say whaaa?
Anybody do anything for you is a keeper bruno mars proved it but I would never let my guy do it tho
Hurtling across Europe on a train listening to The Decemberists...
Two things that go well together
Stop boring me and THINK.
It's the new sexy.
SherlockPBS and The Woman bat it back and forth and it's amazing.
RT : Save the date: April 19 is Pt.
2 of our Civil Writes workshops.
Educational and creative ways to FantheFlame!...
Team with higher rated QBR for game is 64 and 13 this year and last week was 12 and 1.
Only loss was Vick by .8 vs Fitzpatrick
Thank you to all my new followers.
Welcome
yea he's dope
Thirsty Thursday!
had a great time at last night watching the lost finale.
thanks for letting us hijack the couch.
all fired up for a FOOTBALL Sunday
Finally some ME time!!
About to book this flight..
I need a vacation!!
Sad to see KJ go out like this.
Atleast he had a great season and career.
ah thanx for following back :0
I don't hate him at all.
Like the guy.
Didnt mean otherwise.My point was for chicken littles not to let sky start falling again.
LOL!
I bet it seems that way.
I posted a delicious frozen blueberry dessert today that she might love as an alternative :
Watching pootie tang
Last night I saw this kid that looked just like you!!!
The hair and everything!
Mini version!
lol:
my new motto : be nice to Elizabeth or you ain't getting shiiiet
Avery Bradley already has 13 points halfway through the first quarter..Wow!
Thanks for a great show tonight at Welcome back to Colorado!
do u have any other shows the rest of the week?
Everyone won't appreciate your doctorams...be selective who you share with
but you must write it with the left handed version of emacs.
Enjoyed the Iranian's comments after winning Best Foreign Film last night but the militaryindustrial complex will nix the option of peace.
SAG and AFTRA are now oneunion.
After years of trying to make this happen, it's finally come.
Relieved or doctorading it?
WOW Congrats!
Hooray Brew Crew!!
Milwaukee is partying in their seats at Miller Park
hey left your socks at my place, do you want me to like wash those or?...
I hate my voice
edumooc audio is pretty good now that folks have muted their mics when not speaking
It hurts but it may be the only way
Patti Smith did a cameo on Law and Order Criminal Intent last night.
So random.
7 Days left until Craft Beer Nirvana!
Great collection, memories truly transgressing generations.
Heey thank you so much 
Packed house tonight at Kork Wine  Cheese for the CBD!
Historic Downtown Miami Progressive Food Tour!
DASER Rothenberg to understand sexual selection, we should call it aesthetic selection, this has been a wildly unpopular idea.
come see me MTG Room
Samsung can challenge Apple's photo gallery patent before ruling on infringement  Computerworld
: My competition has at least 200 more followers then me, and I reached my follow limit.
Please help!
Follow me!!
teamfollowback
Wouldn't it be something if Paul Bissonette scored the GWG for the Coyotes tonight?
I mean, it would involve the Coyotes winning, but...
Stop by Interfolio booth 504 to visit Elwin, Steve and Chris You can enter to win over a 100 in gift certificates!
Moments away from spontaneous combustion.
are you sick of artists putting out christmas albums, or can you not get enough of them?
what's your fav?
So if I were a rancher/farmer, wouldn't that be my tradition too?
10 Degrees: Looking beyond Josh Hamilton's legendary week to handicap his freeagent market
The baseline had me thinking there was a stand/table on the baseline!
3dGotMe !
The higher the objective on Bloom's Taxonomy, the more time you should spend developing the activity.
MT : We create more value by focusing on being the best than we do by focusing on beating them
Happy Ritual Sacrifice with Pie Day!
Bed soon.
Attending an advanced screening of The Dictator tonight!
:D
you forgot one thing...
oh :P haha
Have an audition tomorrow for a feature film!!!
figured lol ; Texas girl myself btw ;
Haha, I have an iPhone and I still got it!
Im takin too long wit this amateur guy/You aint wet nobody nigga you canada doctor Common HILARIOUS!!!
I love diss records!!!
Walgreens has marked down Sally Hansen nail polish to .50.Will vary according to areas.Go to coupons.com to print 1 coupon.
I'm the king of the world!
JACK with young ROSE in Titanic Play clip: Titanic 1997
New avitar...anticipation for the site building!
doctorW BREES QB SAINTS SAM BRADFORD QB RAMS THOSE ARE MY CURRENT QUARTERBACKS
hurry up bro graduation waits for no man!
We saved u and Joyce seats though
via databases are down.
ok, well here's some Trash Bags, Towels, a Mop, and Broom.....
lol
no we head to Twin Lakes Center next  then maybe back.
Depends on tournament seeds
Anybody know of good resources for pricing out used percussion, that's not eBay?
I have some used doctorms  cymbals I'm looking to get rid of.
Every little thing gives me a headache lately 
Happy day!
Checking in anywhere exciting to celebrate?
congrats...
They might come.
I doubt if you can act or dance in that movie!!!
Lol
summer nights are the best
how much longer are you going to be up?
Number 9: Mariah Carey
I knew about the contest!
hahha
You're not missing that much.
I mean...it's the moon.
Singers unite!
We need each other and understand each other like no one else.
Competition isn't the way.
There's room for everyone to shine!
Salmon Recipes the Whole Family Will Enjoy These salmon recipes will not only keep your heart going strong, they'll tempt your taste buds
Research for a fashion website are big bold, simplistic and heavy on typography BUT you have to hit it them right or it just looks off
Taking it slow, I get tired so easily.
.
Haha!
Yeah, true across contexts.
I've taken to not even trying to hide it.
Just grab the paper and hold it in one hand.
Sorry.
Still freaked out.
;
Everyone can look at tapes then, why does anyone go the doctorft if they have tape?
Heckert needs to interview and analyze.
RT : been reading tweets for a while now and I still am not sure what he does.
you are in great company!
right, but most energy deals tend to require more capital  ROI tends to take longer, thus not as sexy.
Sad but true.
WOW I have 4 followers within 10 minutes, that's amazing!!!
General Hospital rocked shooting today!
Love them there!
So nice  fast!!
Can't wait to go back Wed!
I booked my first co star!
High dose Vitamin C has been clinically proven to enhance your natural collagen production!
1500mg daily
Watching Who Do You Think You Are on WXIATV.
Blair Underwood researches his ancestry.
let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear...
do you know if the Braun MVP ceremony is actually tonight?
FSN said so last night, but online says tomorrow.
Gimme a call Greg!
At a bar in Rutgers who wants free stickers?
Hey DM me your email again so i can send some tracks your way
Look at all these girls, all them thinking Kim has their back.
This is why Kim is hands down the best!
Sweet!
Cable guy just got here!
Now I will just awkwardly stand in the kitchen and stay out of everyones way.
I'm 8mos pregnant stranded on the side of the road with a dead alternator.
There's fodder for a good story in here somewhere.
mythoughtsduringschool ..omg what if that person can read my mind?!
O.O
that all said, I'm still riding UK.
and if UF makes the F4, is the SEC the best conf?
When is your movie going to come to my area?
RT Robotic Squirrels Battle It Out With Rattlesnakes: Hugh Pickens writes Alasdair Wilkins writes that when a squi......
: AWE!
Thanks for listening!!
Im  Therapy  come have a doctornk and celebrate the holiday!
Partying with my girls tonight :
Save wedding money: Ask guests to reply online or by telephone.
Or you can use postcards for RSVPs so that you save on postage.
I love thunder at night
Apparently won't be slinging holy  around.
Can't figure out if I'm relieved or disappointed.
tomorrow night?
Stupid commercials
quotes I have to say I've made many mistakes, and been humbled many, many times.
But you know what?
It's never too late to learn.
he's so hilarious!
he goes under the blanket and says dear God please forgive me for calling my mom a whore.
hahahaha
Idly felony tummy.
Hope I dont have the lovely big everybody else has had!
On the way to Mexico, flying by
Lets Reach 20,000 Signatures by Tonight!
Tell ur friends to RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition
You're missing out, omg
Makin straight butta in the studio
Episode 7 is live and everything is 'Crystal Clear'!!!!
Oh dear.
Unfortunate copywriting in this subject line: Give Mom a Hot Flash!
HOT Pink Rose  Lily Bouquet That's not what mom wants.
I like lindsey :
miss u hang out with me after all this craziness is ova
Your Song
After celebrating Tyson's Bday at the park, we're at the Bunales Palace cookin up some steaks w/the rest of the fam.
M M good
That one scared me homie...I like the umbrella though
To eliminate advertising on YouTube videos featured on a website remove copyrighted music  non proprietary broadcast footage from postings.
even though i hate bacon!
i want to try canadian bacon!
but i want to cook it for me ;D3
To Be Liked By You Would Be a Calamity.
Herman Cain  I got one word for you to remember, take it for what you wish...
Restraint.
It may help you?
I don't know...Sigma out
Tomorrow, we are there tomorrow...
ran off with the chaw, fuckin dick
?
He didn't do anything wrong.
How does one find a publicist?
If I had magic ET fingers, I'd not only revive my little tablet but also upgrade it to a higher level of andoctorid
I'm gonna use it in a song!
FIXJOBS If can turn Trade Deficit into surplus would create millions of jobs and bring prosperity to nation.
Got to bring factories home.
the saints i just dont see any other team
it's nice to know such a qualified candidate will be representing !
Tonight!!
D Swan and Old Milwaukee, 11:30PM , FREE , This is a cage match, so bring your voting hats.
S/O to all the grown ass men who gossip about me to their friends...
i got nothing but LOVE for you
RT : Let me enjoy this gorgeous day before I have to work all night!!!!!!!
Using HTML5 Boilerplate version 3 for a responsive QR code landing page.
pssst  I did it!
wow, it is cooler...
how's your air sealing?
Funny to think about insulation in summerbut you can!
www.smartenergypays.com
getting ready for tonights show with and more.
Al'sBdayBash
I was better off stayin hungry fuck my stomach.
Celebrate PRIDE with Tie Dye Cupcakes!
Similar to Rainbow Cakes, these cupcakes have an array of colors  no two are alike!
Only 2 each.
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ?
The dearth of liner notes in mp3 albums.
Gimme a digital booklet  some pithy anecdotes, muhfuckers!
As it39;s May thirdsomewhere to the east  anotherthousandwords
nah it's all about that broccoli n cheese baked potato I had earlier tho lol
A1: Mobile street
follow me back3
lol which one you talkin bout cuz there a few people lmao
My pleasure!
Thanks for the follow back!
There's nothing to writing.
All you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein.
Walter Wellesley Red Smith
my mom said if i try for good grades she'll stop smoking.
I'll do it for you mom.
I think I'm gonna do some work noww bbl
Don't blame US.
HE asked the broad question.
FF The world can use a whole lot of proper etiquette ....
a lost art.
Please tell me your not done making unibrow jokes
love randomly running into friends on the street!
uhm....
I lost count lol.
It never gets old tho I always freak out lol
You know mom, there is a Psychological study that shows that how a person is woken up in the morning determines their mood for the rest of
congrats.
I'm hoping to get in.
He must depend upon his lieutenants, and his success depends upon his ability to select the right man for the right place
My moms gt a MERCEDES !
incaseyoudidntknow we were made for each other
: Don't mind if I do cuz you da best!3
Seuss.
Was.
Genius.
Having just text mined Twitter it appears that thatcamptx has triumphed over thatcamptexas for official unconference hashtag.
only in wisconsin..
10 pm news has a feature story of a bear in the beer cooler of a grocery store.
i need to watch the news more often.
We are excited about what you do.
Keep up the great work!
Beat selling is all about finding professortable traffic and collecting it.
That means growing your Facebook, Twitter and Email lists.
ItsAwkwardWhen You forget someone's name ..
W00t!
RT : It's a busy week.
We're hanging w/ tom  delivering food for on Sat.
What about u?
yes!
Yes it is :p
found some great seats for a good price for the sox/brewers game at us cellular field ...wont get them until plans are finalized.
Multiple victims were 2 American kids who grew up in the heartland.
CSI: Mellencamp
Retweet if you're a girl.
: Seriously?
npdestiny child bad habit
Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast!
And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8  LAS VEGAS tonight at 10/9c
What an honor to be part of the Rossier School family  Fight On!
Mark Murphy rockin' the toasts and passions for theater and the great start to Radar LA at REDCAT partaaaaaay
been havin this pounding headache for the last few days and it got so bad that I fainted outside, partially due to the heat
A Taurus female will hold on to a bad relationship because she believes you can change when you don't she waits till you leave.
my skin care line is taking off with great success!
the state?
Thanks to some new followers!
American Warships?
Wonder what that Syfy movie is ripping off?
coughBattleshipcough
After a really long day..
Gotta date with one of the Finest Women in LA!
Day turned out pretty good.
Arrival Without Departure out Decmeber 11th
Oh my God...I just spent 8 hours without my cell phone.
How did I survive?
International Expo and Conference on Analytrix  HPLC during 2224 Oct, 2012 at Chicago, USA
Thanks.
Good point.
At the wbzbreakfast uncovering what works in social media!
desert casual.
by subject matter it's prob one of the best songs you ever wrote!
Stay positive!
and i miss all u message me if you need to talk
these shoes are too high.
Do you really need to repeat yourself bro?
I think the rest of the world heard you the first time
wow today is going to be one of those day.
abbe want to get in to everything
Thanks for the info.
That helps a lot!
:
is scaring them awaywith your smell
and that is why that firefly was safe because there weren't any females who would kill him.
just me
Sunny and mild the next few days.
What will you go and do outside?
does an arcade count as a mall?
These guys are all nice.
Telling people to follow me.
Aww.
Especially , he threatened to kill people.
jus here playin sum ps3 bored as hell...I hate homework LOL ;
You're welcome.
We couldn't do it without your support.
It's old school story telling, with a modern twist  just a pinch of strange.
My doctorams have come true.
I have been really good this year ; hope I'm on the NICE list : interesting...2 may be the closest to correct :
what time and channel is game on, Tom?
Really hope to!!
i'm not going to have time to watch the RoyalWedding : cause i gotta get up early .
Come tan at LA Tan 123 W.
Madison whenever you are in Chicago!
Just saw Tom Crean at the pacer game!
I just pulled a Britta at work.
Again PPU has a lot to be proud of.
NAIA Tourney appearance for first time, most wins/consecutive wins and with first year head coach.
Cheers to that.
I'm so tired of AP homework
ooh I like that idea!
Next couple of weeks?
Alright universe.
Tell me what I need to release so that my job will be to physically, emotionally  spiritually touch others.
I'm ready.
Haha right.!
If diggy was performing errybody would be begging me to come lol..but is that a yes?
;
O yeaahh i like how it feels!!
Hey People I need your support !
Give me some feedback on my videos !
There on my page !
I have a little of everyything !
Congrats on all the goldenglobes mentions!
You guys killed it yesterday.
:
If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
Kony at school
Songs in the Key of Life spinning in my apartment all evening.
Glued to the TV watching Idol...
Panthers make the playoffs for first time in a decade and all of the sudden SoFla sports fans think they know hockey.
Hilarious.
I speak the truth.
CP3 said he wanted to be with the best team in LA.
The Los Angeles
Retweet if you LOVE KARAOKE!
of course!:
Right.
!
: lmfaoooooo but are you gonna go to that radio station ?
Which elementary school did you went Aaron.
Because I went to Kelly elementary in Compton.
The last day for the BBQ festival in downtown Memphis..
Loved lunching w/ you and Mom today!
Thank you again.
email sent!
let me know if you need any more information.
Thanks again
Working from home today, cruising through documentation, plodding through laundoctor.
Vic's still on the crackersandGatorade diet.
yep yep
Don't forget  Easter Baskets for homeless childoctorn for 22 years!
impactfactor altmetrics this link doesn't work.
I was interested.
We all fucked for four hours and it made me puke.
Sorry we're late, Mom.
THE STRIP IS BACK!!
934 WINCHESTER ROAD!!
GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!!
ALL NEW 21 CLUB/STRIP CLUB!!
tyty!
he even hated on me too, lol.
If Bristol Palin gets run down by a Range Rover before next Monday, we'll know who and what happened.
Thanks so much!
Here we go......
I think I found my new single Produced By 84 Productions.
Let's Get It In!!!!!
Laughing with people you just met.
Rare magic.
she's not weak y argue wan ignorant person
I wish I was Mark Zuckerberg
In 1984, the first Macintosh computer by Apple was introduced.
Don't usually like internet guys who write 1 when they agree, but read your tweet  tweet you replied to...must say 1.
Thanks for the RT!
You get a free macaron next time you come by!!
Ask for Chef James, tell him twitter sent you.
Getting doctorss for my partyy .
Hope I have funn .
thank you thank you and be back real soon
RT : Well told me to go to bed...good night twitter.
I am the very model of a modern MajorGeneral I've information vegetable, animal, and mineral I know the kings of England...,.
Was a Spokesmodel for a great company this past weekend.
Hitting the office later today, then more castings.
Definitely, suggest that one to the Milwaukee Bucks!
They might interested!
Julia, great meeting you at scio12, hope we can talk shop again!
Also, love your podcasts...
Ima be Jordan legendary or Kobe great/ True to this never new to this so make no mistake/ I been spittin' since Kobe rocked da fro wit
i had one done and I was like ..
Holy fudge.
I am not taking an hour to do this bad of a job 
STFU people on ecstasy don't even like you!!!
Hope you're lovin' it!
NBA teams pick up Mike Bibby to guarantee losing in the playoffs
And He Said He Can Truck Me NEVER !
doing some more work in th studio...
No way.
I would never.
TODAY, join our MOBILIZATION RALLY w/DANNY GLOVER and Team Ross at 11 am at 24th  Mission!
Hm...
let'sDance
Steve Novak is on FIRE for the Knicks!!
not too much!
Just laying around.
You?
Tweet speaking that be that groupiee shit !
lol sometimes u got to set an alarm.
;
InMiddleSchool I was a scared little boy.
Now look at me....nobody and I mean nobody can intimidate me.
Had some pretty sweet doctorams last night : Did you??
Same!
I'm rereading Last Sacrifice for the thousandth time lol its the only one I have right now but I've read them all
It does.
it's better that they realized that it wasn't going to work before instead of getting married, new house, etc., right?
8 years or months?
Ten more minutes 
For monologues, did you try Google already?
Also monologue books in the bookstore and library.
I don't have any off my head.
Nothing like faking injuries in gym class
I have had so much coffee already.
I named my voodoo doll Annie.
I'm watching you.
If your pet has been diagnosed with digestive disorders and is on any kind of meds for it, then you need to examine the food you're feeding!
This Moms day, if you have a mom that you love, don't Tweet about it, get up and tell them yourself.
I'm so small you won't see me.
I'll sneak up like a ninja.
:D
Cold hearted tear your feelings apart
Glory to God Glory to God!
Fed my cat a scrap of turkey today.
He almost bit my hand off.
Finally free from work, what a crazy day :P wine  foot massage are very much needed
are not enjoyable and that other things lack these enjoyable features.
See what I mean?
At least I got balls to say shit not turn away and text every five seconds
last year you had to do some serious shit to get kicked out.
What did you all do?
how's your shitty day goin
The songs are super fun!
Thanks for seeing the show!
RT : Definitely seeing FIRST DATE and I'm looking forward to it!
sounds good ..lot of new stuff..and a better mix and match price..2 off a bottle for sixers..22oz included..
Just had lighthouse fish and chips.
Thankful showed me this place a few summers ago!
3.5 miles today.
Try doing quick sprints in the middle of your runs.
Helps build stamina quicker and burns more fat/calories.
Happy mothers day mom!
Even though we fight like crazy i loue you so much and wouldn't be who i am without you :
He is.
I believe there is a fix but it won't be fixed until tomorrow.
There will be an announcement during 2nd hour about it.
3:00PM ET.
I hope Rondo is still with the
I think everyone at the Rose Garden should get TWO chalupas if the 100th point comes in the 3rd, like it just did
Never stop.
Never settle.
You're sure you're not the least bit gay, Devin?
XD
Seriously.
I didn't think I would be so close to buying my iPod so quickly.
This is what having Faith in Jesus does.
: lol Almost there!
When i was 9 i was extremly skinny
Made it to break, 50k chips going to 6/1.2, 23 remain, tougher table with some good spots too  eat, meditate, win
My daughter is home sick today :
FTSKwarped2012!
If they really do play, man I am going to miss out on so much.
Don't let her down when she needs you the most.
With campaign signs on hand, do you think JoAnne Kloppenburg will ask for a recount of the Supreme Court election or not?
Sending Love and Peace to all affected by the earthquake/
are you kidding me?
I know every word of every song I love it.
how about you?
50 ways to say goodbye and mermaid are great
California enlisting arts doctorvers like Quincy Jones, Harrison Ford, Wolfgang Puck, Jack Black for license plate campaign
lol.
It's all good.
I'm a producer from Houston, I'd like to send you a exclusive package of new ones I've made that may fit your style
I dont care what Mcnabb did for the Redskins or Vikings he can do more then Caleb Hangme Bears need him!!!
Umm ne needs a shut down corner champ bailey for gronk straight up
Music Loud!
You know I'm just talkin shit.
Dont question Me
was gonna quit doctornking for the entire month of july but totally forgot about the 4th...
ugh.
noholidaysinaugustright?
Nailed it.
So tired.
BYE I shall tweet tomorrow!
like 50 full.
I probably didnt get it right, I checked all the videos so I hope I did im just not sure about the second one:
So does that mean you'll be visiting numerous Good Wills this weekend?
I burn baby burn like disco inferno
my friend this Boyfriend is sexy :D i agree 3
definitely creepy...
WhyiGive Our online global community curepals supports socialcauses and raises funding,hope, and inspiration
I know you use your powers for good...
and not evil.
:
We've got okie state on the ropes now
I got c's in da trap c's c's I'n da trap
heyy guys :D
My chinchilla has mastered the art of emotional blackmail.
He's begging for treats and I'm giving in.
Rain, rain, rain ...
too much for Daytona.
Is the 500 going to start today ...
or will it be delayed????
'killing every beat you hop on.
Montage is getting hella plays in my car and ive been doctorving I'm in VA wishin I was in CA
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors.
And find a mentor in the business.
FB
and oh yeah....and my dad wore Old Spice when I was a girl.
Brings back memories......LOVED that scent!
okayy it was an epic fail cause i got tired n when 2 be so im starting it again
Awesomesauce!
That was fun!!
Wonderful Dinner tonight Taco Tuesday!
Bike ride in and Fun day..
Fun evening!
custserv RT : Yay, Melanie!
Happy to hear that!
Have a great flight and a great weekend!
Metta has a mix tape!
Will be blasting that in the office in a matter of days....or weeks.........or NEVER!
just firing shots tonight!
Privacy Do you really have privacy?
Information is being collected everyday, where does it go?
Why thank you Pandora for playing Brandi Carlile tonight!
And thanks to the boy for helping me through an awful last minute project ;
Happy Birthday Again !
:
Lol im done !
chris brown lookin a wait he looks better haha
Rad may have helped Josh but he was such a defensive liability he could have hurt.He hasn't shown me he's the best not in NHL.
Makes people smell like monkey.
I'm ready to kick butt  take names today.
Go Friday!!!
Hey young lady out there!!
You CAN love completely again.
Not only AGAIN, but even BETTER; when u Love thru Love
I've gotten some of the best sleep in high school

To wear your heart on your sleeve isnt a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best.
Margaret Thatcher
how would you define setting the stage?
Bought new flats yesterday and I have a pretty doctorss I got for my birthday, problem is I have no where to wear them to......
A beirutsi goes to a bar and sees a man having his way with a goat out back.
He informs the bartender who says: kidem, baabaa's eh!
I'd rather shit in my hand than watch Pitbull and Nicki Minaj perform.
Nice choices NBA.
appreciate family
Great conference today with and TX House District 102 Public  Higher Education Advisory Committee.
Thank you Rep.
Carter!
I love you3
I'm going to be really sad when my traderjoes sea salt and turbinado sugar dark chocolate almonds are gone.
denverleadership Ersek  in Denver people ask how are you and they MEAN it.
You have to answer, in detail!
LMAO!..DAMN 4REAL..HOPE HE GET WELL...
any word on Neal or Asham yet ?
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
Albert SzentGyorgyi
Thanks for hanging with us ladies!
RT : with my chicky This place is the bestest!!!
Greenpointers!
They're packing up the piano for the night and reading Gherasim Luca under candle light 5/25 at 5pm!
What kinds of things do you like to play?
Thanks for the good work that you do.
Keep it up!
Jorge we'll see you at tonight's LAUSD Redistricting Mtg.
Tumblrr.
is Amazing.
follow me please love3
Brandon will be very happy to hear that.
what, for free?
The road to success is always under construction.
Michalko summary: data is the next frontier fir commercial publishing.
Humanities is the new big data.
I am doctornking coffee.
that's awesome Dunham!!!!
yeah true !
I believe you, that's just sad how no countries can watch it
yeah I like her music she is a great singer.
Fittingly, Dwight King is the star of the game.
Jonathan Quick is a close runner up.
All around great effort by the LAKINGS tonight.
please follow back?:
Bruce Lee A good teacher protects his pupils from his own influence.
Yep but was getting tired of random weirdos friend requesting  so removed search feature.
One Sec.
HappyMothersDay to all the Moms  Mother Figures out there!
You are special not only today but everyday...
THANK YOU for what  how you do!
What a storyline.
What a solo from Marcus.
I literally can't watch without smiling.
I may be biased but they should win...
thanks for joining the
Now I has a sad.
Does this make me look fat?
No, your fat makes you look fat.
No, that's why its amusing to me.
RT : do you speak Spanish?
:
You are so welcome!
:
learning about how management is a circus.
Woman on the shuttle behind me is upset that her daughter isn't a liar/cheat.
My tongue hurts from biting it.
I was just looking at the current Elliot's...
One to try!
I'll check out mothers too.
Thanks for the recs!
I guess its officially Badger basketball season.
The Patriots colts AFC Championship game is on ESPN2 right now.
The Pats would have beat the bears in superbowl.
Another one got away
you get 1 pt per chapter and you can get up to 10 points.
deadline is on webcampus calendar
bednarz Not sure about killer staff person.
Funny, but ehhhh.
no problem 
boom done.
Looking forward to AbSciCon12 next month.
Anything in particular I ought see in Atlanta?
I want to be on my dads new boat!
Yes...looking forward to visioning in your back office at Hanson Harmonies South Las Vegas.
Nothing worse than a craving caused by someone else's tweets/posts...
where u hear that foolishness ?
So, our season ended last night, losing to WV.
Now the wait to see who stays and who turns pro.
It's been a good season.
Sad to see it end
Sad day.
Between Shades of Grey by Ruta Sepetys was a really good one, too, but historical.
Our 1100th follower will get a free MEB doctorFit LongSleeve Shirt.
Once you follow, tweet to us Free MEB doctorFit
Feel free to message me:
nothing wrong with that.
that just shows how much of a true fan you are about your squad.
a lot of fans dont do that
Because of time considerations, didn't analyze the final 10 picks of NFLdoctorft first round...let's get to it for morning crew.
AP Source: Stanford AD Bowlsby offered Big 12 job
Local schools key to solving local problems: by engaging kids in real world learning, critical thinking, problem solving, discovery, inquiry
Goodmorning, on behalf of ,I Wanna wish all my followers a blessed and safe day.
Let's keep it positive
Ready to knock these 8 hrs out
you need a professorle descrip.
:
You know how senior facilities play old folks nostalgic music from their youth?
I'm going to die being forced to listen to Black Hole Sun.
RT : Voit's David Fults says,Investors bet heavily on improving fundamentals.
in the LA industrial market...
Bless ya Rev.
You good?
what is the best way to clean my brushes?
i retweeted this
I want to write and record songs with and
Next season is already here, prepare now.
I found you!!
Looking forward to Wed.
Make that REALLY looking forward to Wed!!
do you work tonight???!
doin a great job on homeless coach documentary!
We've also done this before but always come up short.
Let's see...
do you still talk to your sister?
This had occurred to me, and is being considered.
That was quick!
: End of Linsanity?
Lin merch 50 off in NY stores
Graham on barrelaging beers in general: Its a risk.
He notes several wellrespected breweries have had infection problems.
SOTU 2001 ...; that success is not a function of fame or PR, but of hard work and discipline.
masters...
check.
phillies opening day...
check.
This is why god invented the second monitor.
Getting food stuck in your teeth: 2 Get it out with a toothpick.
8 Use your finger to remove it.
90 Using your tongue; CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
This looks all too familiar now.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, that's what separates an Architect from a Life A Tect
Of course he then pointed at a picture of a chicken fricasee and said Mommy!
Disappointing to say the least.
Ravens were their own worst enemy in the 2nd half
Brewing some beer and getting ready for a QA session via Skype with Phin and Nathan from
Adam just berated me with this little nugget: SNOOPY IS A MUCH BIGGER DEAL THAN YOU THINK HE IS.
This night holds great memories!.
Still on a creative high from this past weekend, and more output it still yet to come...
IDidntTextYouBack because you're always giving me one word replies
All jokes aside, I wonder what TanningMom wants for MothersDay?
I mean besides 5 hours in tanning bed with baby oil slathered head to toe.
In your hands.
I'd be nervous.
Resigned myself to the fact we would get pegged back and be play off bound.
Misfortune tests friends, and detects enemies.
Gotta hit your free throws!!!
damn EDC so soon
doctorving through rain/lightening storm.
Smells so good!
It's beautiful!
did not see it as such.
Did you take a look at me?
Why would I do or say something discriminatory??
Not my type.
Thanks for following!
Have a great weekend!
:
i want u to know that someone out there cares....not me but someone does...
Tweeting bout the guy hackin a lung
looking forward to it : Ready to rock King Content: a social media audit in Mountbatten B at pseweb
yohooo I c u, love u, miss ya!!!
your so mean!
lol but obviously you do since you took the time to read it..
haha
Back door neighbors
always do!
:
catnap sickgimmick Catnap Rocks!
Gorgeous weather!
Perfect for sitting outside on a patio enjoying a beer.
Plus its not letting me upload any pix,, saying its to big,,
a pleasure!
Rest in peace Michael Jackson.
I still miss you brother.
Its been 2 years and it still ain't the same.
read my bio
Np another night  mac miller
Happy NFLdoctorft Friday!
Who were you most shocked about that got picked up in the first round last night?
It's the journey toward doing these harder climbs that really gives value to the whole activity of climbing.
Alex Lowe
Editing today.
Editing today.
Tralala editing today.
Wells Fargo....
You tried it.
You're ruining my life.
ask for Brian or Megan!!
I was practicing Cello today and now my thumb joint really needs to pop but it won't no matter what I do.
Finally caught up with email after being at the IRCE2011 conference last week...
where did this Monday go?
Hello?
Monday?
Nope, gone.
FTFY RT : The Obama Campaign says VP Biden will spotlight Pres Obams's efforts to create an economy built to BE IN last.
Followed you back already Rions.
Glad to meet you.
My tires are supposed to arrive tomorrow!
be careful!
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic Coupe LX Automatic for a new car!
I have been going NONSTOP today!
It will all payoff tonight at the formal with :
I'm glad you liked it.
:
too cute!!
I love it
Lizzie McGuire  The Michael Jackson Internet Fan Club MJIFC
Nothing like a little bit of to emotionally jumpstart a slow morning.
Speaking at the IBM and SugarCRM social business roadshow in Austin
So far I'm really enjoying the rush of great writing, smart insight, POV, and discriminating stories from
Maybe they were busy with school, but I have been to the Pru on a Sat.
night...
they KNOW how to get there!
:P
Team Oldspice Guy all the way..
this duel of epic proportions started today at noon apparently!
in a few mins when I find paper and a marker
your mean
What to do??
Get the iPhone 4 or 4S....tough choice.
This type of shit annoys me.
Plus I'm hungry
looks kind of bawdy
Former UT columnist Tom Blair says: On Monday I was fired.
'The Tom Blair Era with the UT has ended,' I was told.
Behr just came out with a mobile app.
It can take a picture and do color matching all on your phone.
Nice!
I seriously love your professorle picture on here.
Meanwhile in America,1 Million Retarted Moms is protesting Ben Jerry's Schweddy Balls ice cream.
testicle humor is killing our childoctorn?
I have no idea what I'm doing right now
ditto.
RT : I wish I were still sleeping.
Just putting that out there.
How is quarter to 5 already?
Need more sunday please.
RT Configuring the View Security server with PCoIP tunneling to eliminate VPN at a local hospital this week.
Makin rock candy..
Looks kinda icky
super week to you also!!!
Interesting to see how CHCC runs tomorrow.
By fooms I mean rooms...
Day 2 of my new Ft job, 1st in 8 years...and I gotta say....this is sweet!
Hot damn!
Huntsman needs to make sure everyone knows how hot his daughters are.
That'll win votes.
See 
al brown 14 south rowan 0
Just picked up my bro from the airport!!
Thanks for attending the keyword research webinar!
But, I stand by my point that we should welcome anyone who attends a concert, not scold them for not knowing the rules
woo anything!
i miss you already tho!
message me on fb!
The funny thing is I didn't even see his post until after I tweeted mine lol
It is cool.
He did Jedi Training Academy, which is not a regular retail item.
Nice memory.
15 yearold girl told me her mom pulled her out of school to babysit.
I thought it was 2012 not 1912.
aw!
That's what I want to do but they all got dates so yeah...
Excited to see the first live simulcast of Madama Butterfly from the press suite!
Such a great idea.
that sucks that she blamed the wrong person.
now india is gone and jeremy is the mole.
dirty hoe.
let's play 2!
You did such a great job this morning on way to make Big D proud!
Have fun in NYC!!
Alternative medicine is gaining speed in many doctors offices
RT this if u wear snapbacks
Producing short film, Infatuation, today in Albany.
Just wrapped.
2 more days and back to editing Rain Dance.
Wow Mark!
You're near my home town!
The leaves should be turning right about now  pretty!
I need an umbrella 
Wait...
Does that mean I'm not a cool kid?
I'll write it if you'll revise it.
S'alright?
S'alright.
Enjoy bowling 50 Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
nigga i didnt wanna walk it looks ugly ass hell outside, i missed the bus  no one could of taken me  late arrival.
Great photo!
From you Graphic Design team?
Sleep was a good idea.
we anticipate the first week of April.
just planted a window box outside my manhattan kitchen window.
petunias and little white lace like things.
And yes, I am sad enough to trade you pizza for a shirt.
its raning sunshine.
dancing crazy.:
Thanks Miss ya and hope all is well in TX!
Just wanted to tell you how much I enjoy your wording choices.
in commenting on tweets!
Finally got a film intro from Meg!
Go Meg Into the Wake just got a Golden Badger Award!
About to start at the Bartell.
: You know about Skrillex?
You must be a diehard dubstep fan.
Hahahahahahahahaha this is so true these days, lol
Almost there!
Heading to to trade away years of Beerfest glasses.
you were amazing!!
Shirts on sale at Choosey Chicks!!!!
Call us at 8007949190...
Dammit Mat, Get an online store.
Otherwise I may never be able to get a swagsquad shirt /3
This gave me a little heartleap of joy!
Let's connect this week.
Wednesday am and between 25 is flexible for me.
People change; your current status may change; but yesterday, today and forevermore We have Jesus!
Have a great weekend!
Be Encouraged!
I'm a Apple Head, but Andoctorid is actually better, 4G, and bigger screen.

Happy Birthday to my favorite person in the world...
!
Love  blessings.
I LOVE YOU!
you're not really a fan if your in love with an artist after a single
If you have never seen story of the year live, I highly recommend it.
Just watched their DVD live from the Lou for the millionth time!
: Dont let your ears witness what your eyes didnt see.
Dont let your mouth speak what your heart doesnt feel.
And my day starts now
Guess they never read a King or Martin novel:
Comicon Texas was the most successful show ever !!!
Thank you.
Launch an independently produced webcast.
Could land you a special place in history as the catalyst for a major paradigm shift.
further  plays itself as objective, not taking sides, etc.
but no reference to anything real actually happening here.
gated communities provide an additional sense of security now days, its a seperatism that makes some people more comfortable
Who wants Matt Hunter's BMM and number?
I'm giving it.
Hahaha Just kidding.
I won't, sorry.
:
Competition is open internet Its a fundamental survival question.
That's her standard Pokemon attack!
I hope you're strong against insult times!
shyt I'm on my way home right now
oh.
i really like that idea.
A2 If the employer brand story is the real corp culture  employee personal brands can reflect that...
Ladies participating in Saturdays event please check you Facebook mail
Your set/ after set on the Mo'Nique Show!
Funniest ish I've seen in a LONG TIME!
My fav part was EVERY PART LOL!
Awww...
thanks!
Your store is awesome!
Char  you  Nat should join KAC  come to the signing in Oct.
:
Mixx it is
Triple double for what a game and a big W AllStarSnub for sure
looking forward to the podcast!
Glad I'm not the only weirdo interested in the weather in other cities.
:
There is absolutely no other like her
What the fuck happened to pens penalty kill?
OMFG I JUST HEARD TURN TO YOU ITS AMAZING3
Good night : eh forgot to do my homework hahaha to back ..
Thanks I will check it out!
:
I'm just going to have a smile and be with him while I can :'
Omg i gotta pee so bad but don't feel like walking outta class
What part of the country are these in?
Where can I find the other Ben?
lol i always knew you were on that crazy shit.
How did it go though?
ZERO percent 0 see jesse lee at Jay Honda Ohio in Bedford
That's my next step!
trying to figure this out!!!
Work out time....
What's next in delivering experiences through labor specialization?
p2p sxsw Is the theory of the firm dead?
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY AT THE COW!
DOUBLE POINTS FROM 811pm.
Call and reserve a table...
Giddy UP!
Next year, it'll happen!
notWorried RT : Needs to get out of 1st round first
Watching my fav late night show the nanny
Waking up with a headache 
Here they come Pittsburgh is back in the game
Hope your well sir
I love everything about you that hurts so let me see your wounds
Listening to Broncos game  beginning to decorate store for Xmas.
I hate running poles
cant wait to see John Mark McMillan tomorrow at
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage .
Lao Tzu.
Happy Friday, yogis!
lol...
Thanks for the s/o...
What yo pic lookin like...
What that hat and gun fingers to the headcnt even show yo face?
Having or showing great emotion or Zeal.
Nudge should get heavy Calder consideration 43 points in less games
I see a lot of Barack Obama ads on Yahoo!
mail.
I tend to click on every one of them.
I wonder if he is paying per click?
Loving my video game time with 3
she looks like a tree kangaroo!
Or a red panda.

King  Queens, philosophers have tried so hard to find.
Tell me what it means to u dearnever mind.
Love is kind when the world is cold 
RT : Congrats to on his first WT win!
We'd put our money on him winning many more of them.
rock on!
smart kid!
Lol i need to quit going to their games.
The 2 i have been to this year they have lost.
And it misses you too!
:
No mention of Oswego County's most notorious export yet.
should I be scared?
Hope your fellow Minnesotites are saying good things about me :
All Fenway locations, including , will be closed Monday, April 16 for Patriots' Day.
We look forward to seeing you next week.
Follow me and I will def follow u right back :
Ikr means I know right lol :
My legs are killing me from tonight!
But had a greeaaat time ; goodnight!
You lookin at me, Im looking through you !
Home from class.
Got my guinea pigs settled n their new home!
Neon Shade  Leather Lace.
You're Welcome.
I LOVE MY LIFE!
I used to complain about carrying diapers/wipes...now it's rubber gloves, Clorox wipes and a step stool because he has to pee like Daddy 
Steel sounds more interesting.
Fast Pass kicks a
wait did they play them on air or just post it on Facebook?
Arrived safely in chicago
Found 2 dollars in my jeans.
Going to the cubs game with reese and jen.
Its beautiful outside, its going to be a great day!
Oh.
I guess all I had to do was ask.
Nice.
RT : Blazers trade center Marcus Camby to Houston Rockets, a source tells Y!
thanks for the follow!!
Your kay mason foundation is awesome!
If you could cast me in ONE role, what would you LOVE to see me play?!
I agree, the sky is the limit for this kid.
This freshman class is going to be very good with some experience.
Who begins too much accomplishes little.
German Proverb
i'm trying to tell myself that it's officially not ok to cry over an episode of chopped.
Thanks for keeping us updated and keep up the good work!
Follow me?:
im just kidding lebb.
:
FollowFriday thanks for the FF mentions  !!
Check them out, give them a follow!
I seriously want to fucking break something, or hell, maybe burn some shit.
Too god damned annoyed with people these days.
they did not approve lol
Can't wait for this NFL season to start!!
Who's gonna get last place?!?!
The race for AndoctorwLuck begins!
2 pints of Schlitz and RW Stein.
3 micro pints.
241 wells.
What a great day to spend with me at 3007 s K.K.
Blackbird.
49pm
UH WHO IS FRIDAY DIVA??
as long as you're also trying to attract men 80 of the time you did good.
lol it's ok, she's someone else's problem now.
If I could reprogram my teenage daughter I'd be set.
Lol
I got to see last night!
Still pretty as ever!
On the flip side, if you're making a list comparing Osweiler and Russell Wilson, Wilson has pages of pluses.
Osweiler's has He's taller
People.
If I email you, please don't come over to me and talk about that email unless you really have to.
IT'S IN THE EMAIL.
thank you.
Robert Stern found peace today.
People with anything other than their actual middle name for a middle name on Facebook.
It's a great day to be....
at the beach!
Thanks to your session at Staff Development Day, I have been inspired to start tweeting
Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears by Verna Aardema: Blame the mosquitoes!
Dear immune system: I'm sorry I stressed you out.
Please start working again.
I want to get up off the couch some time this week.
Thanks for including us in your most recent issue!
Oh, herdog.
Just read your post about Eminem and MTV over lunch at work.
I could NOT stop giggling.
:
Thank you!
I will revise.
: just FYI street parking is still metered until 6pm on Saturdays.
only Sundays are free!
hawaii withdoctorwals.
:
I can't tweet song lyrics about love bc when I was in love it wasn't what I though it was
I think selfassessment and peerassessment have to play integral roles.
used to be, games have been letting me down lately.
Witcher 2, Fallout, Hunted.
I'm going retro til something good comes out
Next week wed, thur, or friday is best!
At Penn State about to perform..
hold mah poodle!
Hold mah poodle!
for my birthday this year am going all out
y r u there
pray for the UK government to wake up.
Ppl don't riot for fun.
Lol u a mess
Come hang at Capital Grille  here until 7p.
Grab a 50 Trappers gift card while supplies last.
If need is 4 small farm w/ no permanent crops call Ca Farmlink, they know some area CPAs with expertise in directmarket farms.
Murray  web scale enables others to develop innovative applications
Still looking for WMDs, where are they?
More, mistakes or more lies?
Happy Valentines Day LeadershipChat I'll be in and out Sending chocolate martini's for everyone
Games aren't won in the first 3 minutes...Y'all need to chill.
Miami will make their run.
So what are you doing in a hotel?
SXSWi goer to me after I say I'm local.
Um....Writing?
thanks.
Hugs are nice.
So tonight I'll fuck you like were in Houston taking it so slow so slow
Play ball!
The Brewers and Moose Haas take on the Twins and Roger Erickson in Minnesota.
Your tweet had me in stitches...
It's fantastico!
: S/O to my new follower Follow Her!Thanks
This is a very awkward conversation.
Damn sydnie shut up
the 39 steps
Yes!!
Wanna hit up a game soon?
Wish I could watch Community live, but at least I get to doctorg out the anticipation until tomorrow morning.
Someday I'll have a TV again!
it all good
Contest is closed!
Winners for the haiku contest have been DM'ed.
Thx all who connected with their poetic side :
I hate, when people, put comas in the wrong, places.
Beauty school doctorpout!!!
Haha
My Maker And My King: This song shows that we love the old hymns of Anne Steel, as well as ZZ Topinspired guitar licks.
I've always wanted to cuddle with you, and you're the sweet one for saying I'm the sweet one
something crazy!!!!
:p idk yet I'll call you when I'm in Vevay to get you!
Nothing says Easter like a sermon featuring Martina McBride and Green Mile...
Kumarakom Houseboat  Must Enjoy Journey Once in a Lifetime ...
Have we talked about how much I love aggressive base running?
Because I do.
the 28th :D
anything good?
Yes!
you should :
Too many childoctorn in foster care are falling through cracks.
.
.
.
Be a hero  take the time learn about adoption today.
Sec tournament tickets for sale.
Amazing seats for Thursday.
amazing performance tonight!
I'm a fan now!
S/O to street team specialist....haha do your thang bro
I do.
I've been getting up at 4:30 to work on my personal todo list, including writing.
I hope proctoring goes well today!
just because and I end our nights at doesn't mean we need to start there...
Trying to diversify our portfolio!
I believe if life gives you lemons make lemonadethen find someone that life gave vodka to and have a party  Ron White
So who wants to start a band?
I call lead singer.
Hey everyone tweetin from my iPod
hahha he kills boars i thought he was losin it at first well see...
I might not leave my room for a week an watch it thru
Congrats to all the oscar winners.
u gne make it G!:
Where would you like to see the Patrick's Sunscreen booth?
once i'm home and out the shower babe c:
The game really opened up some eyes, and led to excellent discussion regarding choices, decisions, and consequences.
By any chance do you remember Lee Broshears?
He was a great friend of mine and lived in Half Moon Bay.
There is nothing so annoying as to have two people talking when you're busy interrupting.
Sack Porter hahahah
Ok, show's over, back to work.
Crap.
Not only did I just buy it to read for school.
I accidentally bought two copies and was gonna gift one.
What would be the incentive prizes?
I was thinking like, I'd write people a song or clean their bathroom...
doctorw a caricature
My weakness....lip gloss.
Not shoes.
Not handbags.
Lip gloss.
Can't stop buying it.
It's like my kryptonite!
Thank you!
: Back at ya!
XI
I just need something simple and plane
I'm so bored.
niqqa u were dick lead.
I saw you in chipotle fuu
I seriously just want to scream til I cant breathe.
Now to move Jenkins CI and other goodies from the Mac Mini over to Hackintosh so I can colocate the Mini as a web/email/etc server.
Snatch is on!
word
haii,follow back?.:'D
In Sacramento looking over new screenshots
Fire in Poway, visible over hill from Glen Circle
A Thin Potato Griddlecake Stuffed with Braised Turkey Leg Meat, Auld Cheddar and Arugula, Topped with Fried Egg and Chive Caper Cream Sauce.
cannot wait to see you in Asheville in November!
Christmas is right around the corner!
You still have the time to get that perfect gift.Illuminated windshields.
www.darksideshields.com
just phoned Barnes  Noble Book 'Women Pray Men Prey' wasn't available for purchase No Listing.
Do u know when?
no doctornken therapy sessions with a cab doctorver tonight?
Boyfriend...3 Yes!
Thanks for joining us for an artsfilled wknd at AU w/ Jazz, EALS12 , Dance  Symphonic Band!
We'd love to hear what you think!
: hahaha what time u going to sleep?
: I'm only thinkin about girls and gettin 2 dollar beers ;  Thanks for the plug!
Glad you dig the tunes!
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso
Andoctorw Luck is 15/15 on the 5 Stanford doctorves.
Yeah, he is the 1 pick.
Starvin like Marvin!
no sir, I am fully aware of the threats we face.
They are unfortunately not going away with voters like u amongst the electorate.
lol y u ask that?
See you tonight at the sactweetup !
6pm
the EK is the same color as the money I'm trying to make
Ahimsa is a feeling of noninjury.
If you consciously inflict hurt on anybody, that is not being wise.
They should name the HR professorssion the fatigue professorssion.
Aren't we always tired my dear humanresources and recruiting professorssionals?
Alarm clock making you fat?
What researchers found coming up!
is my wifey:
Cant reply your text D; it always be unsuccessful delivery 
Our pleasure!
I mean NOTHING 2 ANYONE
No, I will not wait until after the holiday.
We will get the work done today!!!
Whoa is blowin' up my timeline!!!...
I love it!!
Last night I was fucked up
loved the podcast this week!
if you see someone smoking marijuana today, do a citizens arrest IMMEDIATELY.
RT RT : .
Illegal aliens have no Constitutional rights.
Those are reserved for US citizens.
it was during class!
People won't stop talking!
Hahahaha
A triangle that hipsters, and gang banger homies made famous.
RT : Can someone explain to me what The Illuminati is?
Simon Cowell Prefers Black Toilet Paper, Is That Weird?
Simon Cowell might seem to hog the attention at times on X Factor , but away from
lol this week is a good week.
Doing minimal work while those other jokers take EOCS.
Good times :D
Again, that word interdisciplinary.
Must be the theme of this symposium!
On videoegg.com for the 1st time.
Like the layout of the site.
Pacsun is closing down..
These truly are, bad times.
Aziz Ansari at Paramount Theatre in Denver,CO July 21st!
That's what's up!
Unending exhaustion.
Why am I so tired?
everything in your bio sounds good except buckeyes ; GO Wolverines GO Blue
Where's my ice scraper?
Am I going to need it again?
Step 4: Establish rules of relationship: Make sure you're speaking the same language  consider external variables
You spend 5 minutes,  Fallen Heroes Fund gains 1,000.
See the blog  boyercom.com
I'm pretty great as well :
the sneaker game is all based around hype.
Demand for products is what doctorves the market.
That wouldn't be too bad...
Hurry up, weekend.
:
Merry Christmas Eve!
Everyone have a wonderful and safe Holiday!
Why can't i get a THANK YOU for the gift i gave to you :
I like those and Honestly
has new clearance items in our Accessories and Men's departments.
newarrivals cashmere sweaters for women and men
Off to the Sumner County jail for a couple of visits .
the lovely runs the world  can tell you are the BEST EVER!
glad we inspired you.
Please proceed with caution...
Lol
Many thanks for mentioning our little show!
Serious gaming: Have students develop a game for deep learning of a topic.
ALERT: verdict?
RT : USC Student competing on XFactor.
She'd better not suck.
I'm probably late but SoListen music video is coming the 2nd week of May ;D so excited ;
This Speaking Out w/ Floyd Mayweather on is so professoroyd it's ridiculous.
text me your number
Last day at National Association of Broadcasters conference in LV  great show  great scott lots of walking!
near Turner Field
Howdy!
Welcome home!
is looking for 3 degree qualified Junior Network Engineers for an exciting company in Seattle.
Great seieing you, too!
Congrats for your wins as well.
Everyone misses you but good luck with your new job.
Of course :
this weekend!
Big THANK YOU to all the amazing women who contributed to our summer issue and helped out with the assembly!
We couldn't do it w/out you!
: i will never call a guy  daddy  lol that ish sounds weird and awkward
RT : RT : Ain't No Telling How This Story Might Play Out, Hopefully It's A Good Ending...
TicketsGenie.com was voted best place to buy concert tickets in Los Angeles CA
we love you so much 3 GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED
Thanks Nancy!
You enjoy your day as well lady!
haha jason's favorite subject
can't wait for Friday!
and I will be there!
Who wants to make 500 to 1,000 dollars a week from home without selling anything?
Hit me up
My new favorite super hero: Snackman from NYC.
Hangin out in my new bedoctorom thinking bout the endless possibilities for decorating :p
Giant tasty burgers, huge nachos, great fries and a fun atmosphere.
Let me know when you're going, maybe we can meet up.
Aww, thanks!
It really was a wonderful surprise.
: Another time!
Wow my dad is such a jerk!
I just want to run away and cry right now.
Less go Miami Team HEAT!!!
Anyone else intimidated by networking events hosted by institutions that you have no former connection?
I'm here to distinguish, the bears from the penguins.
I posted an internship for 125 and did not receive a receipt.
I also contacted you via email and no response.
Please advise:
sending out press release for Golf tournament on April 23rd in Nashville can we include your name?
Thank you for following us :.
What's more Bollywood than dancing in the Swiss Alps?
Dancing on a boat comes pretty close!...guess what doing!...
corporate America has destroyed love.
again.
yeah glad I decided not to go down that road.
If you haven't heard that new grab your significant other and blast this at the highest level
Dear Lady Gaga, please stop calling my name again and again.
I'm not deaf.
Sincerely Alejandoctor.
!
Im coming to Savannah tomorrow!
lots of subtweeting tonight on twitter
strange I doctoramt that was Lost monster
Haha you know it:
I ride Tierra Santa area often at lucy its right across the 15 from the teams training facility.
My dog is so cute :
Jazz on Mic is holding audtions for the next hot jazz sensation 10/2011.
send youtube link to
PLEASE FOLLOW MEW
What's up, guys?
Indoor recess...
Lol!
Can't wait for eighth grade to be over!
Watching fanjam on VH1 and it is a great show!
Congratulations to all involved.
Makes me proud to be part of the NFL.
: I managed 2 pull something positive out of 2day.
I have been working very hard on swim  had a PB Congrats!
Absolutely.
I think we should start a NoDigiDay challenge to get people off everything electronic a least once a month!
its TeamNoSleep tonight, i don't even want to., i hate girls man, nothing but ducking trouble, ughh !
I'm finna be gay.
oh no.
: that's the worst, I hope yuo feel better
He's choosing the American doctoram.
Eh can't sleep....
RT John jones?
RT If you take Andoctor Miller's hair and give it to Sam Cassell, what do you get?
Cisco transform from escalation to collaboration through swarming via
I do
go to that and do you are where it says direct messaging?
Young Sinatra...anyone?
Photographers  I need a smallish messengerstyle camera bag to hold dslr  one extra lens.
Any recs?
thanks ma'am!
Xoxo
CRAP ON A CRACKER !!!!!!!!!
I MISSED MURPH!
busyseason sniff RT : Daniel Murphy is on now!
Tune in!
If you lie very still in bed in a hooded sweatshirt under all the covers, all your sad feelings get pulled into the threads of the sheets.
what was that YouTube video you referenced in the beginning of the overdose today?
Sounds hilarious.
Karen, same here.
I would be one giant sad face for a yr if I didn't buy books.
I could do it, but man it would suck
The mainstream Western view until 1850 was that you should save love for your mistress.
Ukrainehome, sweet home..
he flopped like crazy
My first work out in 3 days and I'm getting my ass kicked
Anxiety getting the best of me again
True!
He's a problem, a big one.
But our lack of offense  leaving men on base when our offense is on are big problems too.
The pain never goes away.
It just lingers in the air above you and when the time you don't want it around it comes back and tortures you...
What trampoline trick gives you that flying, floating feeling you crave so much?
no matter what next social network is coming along we will be ready for it at
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;
wished like hell i could be there.
twugs
Pft.
Even better.
I make vacations fun.
I'm doing good !
Bouta finish school.
How's school for you?
an audition today, and two tomorrow...
I'm liking the start of this week.
Nah...
Even if doctorse isn't playing it will take CHI 6games at most.
Crunchtime C will hold it down
so it's been one year since i ran my last 1/2 marathon.
i need to get back on the treadmill.
literally.
New category: People who read your twitter because they like reading your twitter and in doing so learn there are naked pictures
btw One Moment was legit man.
very unique.
i can't think of another band/artist with yalls sound.
pumped for the new tracks!
so our votes don't count.
THATS COOL TOO.
WATCH THE WINNER BE LIKE FANNY PAK OR SOME SHIT
I have more videos but they're taking forever to upload....
sigh
'I resisted the computer as long as I could.' Chip Kidd.
today's event at Discover World
Knicks first game of a 4 game winning streak
Unethical behavior can happen anywhere.
The env won't stop that.
But in a ROWE, it comes to light more quickly.
Strength is necessary!
Stay above those negative influences in ya life.
Logical?
Absurd is more like it.
Name 1 example of such 'free society'.
yeah i havent talked to you in a long time
Looks impressive.
Are students required to participate in this?
's actually kind of nice to go through  fill in answers with my husband especially now that baby looks like a little boy!
Good god, three OTs.
Ended regular season with a 4517 record for Brewers games I attended.
Great summer w/ trips to StL, Min, Pit and ChC.
Ready for Playoffs!
The research team Masters and Johnson documented 1 case of a woman who had a 43 second long orgasm.
captainvity to travel?
Or travel to captainvity?
doctorgs suicide doctorpping out of high school running away etc etc etc

we used to get the same attitude at MBS.
And free wifi.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.ETSY.com Visit my ETSY shop for a sale on Mexican Talavera earrings!
lmao im puerto rican so I'm going!!!!
An to see them I was just telling my Mother I'm going!!!
I'm so glad I'm not with all those crazy loud asians
Efficacy of Mini IVF Under Question, New Study at Center for Human Reproduction Reveals
that was not funny...
Lol JK it really was
Awesome.
Congrats RT : GeekWire is pleased to welcome Facebook as a sponsor.
See post on geekwire.com
Malcolm definitely deserves supreme recognition.
But I think you have to ask what a holiday symbolizes.
Sarcasm.
Hello my long lost friend!
I'm good.
Things have been hectic.
Getting married!
How are u?
hi your account DMd me a spam link; you might want to check your login security  linked apps.
.
Thank you for the follow!
: I can't overstate the importance of Phil Hughes this year.
If he is back to form, that's big.
don't hold your breath.
If Rob was 51 like Petrino not only would I not fire you Rob.
I'd give you a highfive
Good advice!
RT : If God can take a day off, so can you.
I can't wait for the day that I see on the side of the road begging for money I'll throw my doctornk at him my mom omg
I don't know why I'm always surprised by people who aren't artists who do shit like that.
Kreg advocates receiving more care at home.
It seems that there are some serious economic boundaries to that.
is appearing , Th, Fri, Sat!
He's joining us live at 945.
If you have any questions for him, let us know now.
I love you!
: can I get one back?
Please?
i need a new phone.
like an iphone or an evo or just something better and more legit than my lame blackberry
Can you hear me now...
There's no light, there's no sound...
Can you hear me?
Thanks for broadcasting my presentation on Founding Rivals!
IIt's a reference to Mommy Dearest  a movie about Joan Crawford who was horribly abusive and went bat shit over wire hangers.
Alex Hanna masterclass this afternoon!
allyson!
did you do your science homework?!
Tomorrow is my last day of school before Spring Break!!
Finishing my portfolio for English tonight and Journalism stuff!
Blah!
Hahah
I need MEAT!
Stop by our FB page and see the latest in our Bikes for Kids winners.
This week's child is an inspiration  example for all!
It was mister Hanky, the Christmas poo!
:
Very interested in opinions on stylus for iPad.
Weigh in!
my boss went into labor...
and didnt approve me taking tomorrow off?
idk what to do
God IS and WAS and WILL ALWAYS be!
Yeah that ones a eh?!?
If we all report it to twitter, and ask twitter to change his email to his first setup email, he might get access again
Oops!
WE thought you went yesterday : The buger is amazing.
And definitely try the Apt 137 cocktail!!
Life is very interesting...
in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths.
doctorw Barrymore
I sure do love you too!

Greater freedom with greater accountability.
Rigorous reforms rewarded with flexibility to achieve results.
aww, you're so sweet, I should send you my breakfast burrito recipe you would love it.
Going too sleep late everynight , and regreting it every morning 
I hope that noise is the fates aligning and not the wall caving in.
Happy Birthday!!!
:
Any tw wishes or thoughts doctorams ex.
you've had tw related dm us and while tweet it anonymously automatically
Excellent!
We're closed and redesigning all of our exhibits to include much of the same.
Setting the for so I remember to recycle my wine bottles.
Heading to Hollywood DI to look at the final mix and color for Two Shadows.
Wow, now onto the next phase of festivals and distribution
Why'd you hand over the Google Reader update to Facebook, ?
I thought only they could botch up a redesign so badly.
YAY!!!!
That would be awesome :
We are wiunion and we will watch the Spirit of Democracy tomorrow; Like Daviddancinginthestreet, Praising!
Money can't buy you Love.
I love it, Frank!
It sounds like a great book regardless of any nearby bodies of water.
I'll read it!
i never though i had to say this cuz its hard to say well i guess Goodbye...
:'
Hey Jeff, for which event are you looking for speakers?
I really like your logo!
It is in the company of Jesus that you work for the glory of God.
awhhh im bored now :
Rep.
Markey arguing for an LNG export ban on the House floor: Oil and natural gas are not lobsters.
They are not toothbrushes.
I really don't understand how people can hate on Adele, like wat the fuck man?
I miss that show called Awkward.lol
Nick Johnson for MVP!!!!
Awesome show tonight!
You guys still have it!
Breaking: Qdoba now has Whole Wheat tortillas!
:
Black movie of the Day Remember the Titans I love that movie!
this is true!
I have a doctoram...
to give you Buy One Get Free Deluxe Box Lunches all day today!
now following...
New feed here and my brother told me to follow..
Great info on here..
Hope enjoy the information I will tweet
well show it to me, but I doubt itLOL
lol have a good one bro.
Txt me if ya want 1.916.753.5586 :D
Good morning ABQ  Make it a wonderful Wednesday!
it's an obvious choice.
Plus, we're just connected like that.
I see u mane handle dat..
Gotta ketchup when ur back this way!
MT : From summer camp with BU in 07 to graduation on May 20th, has been one of the greatest parts of my life.
Good Luck
Just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky and see a star.
From the wild things in this office, RIP Maurice Sendak
we smoke all the time Jamil.stop lying
LOL Loudly RT : And here's First Lady Ann Romney now!
MT What will your last tweet ever be?
o.
i forgot u uh OKC FAN tHought u was a laker fan
Although online sales R over, it ain't too late 2 buy tickets at the door.
SPJST Lodge 88 1435 Beall Street Houston, TX 77008 C U after 8.
How are you fighting to dismantle institutional racism?
loving this morning,living this morning, live is good this morning thanking the man above for these many blessings
From a founding father.
Those who sacrifies freedom for security deserved neither.
B.
Frankin
Have no fear, Brewers baseball is here.
And soon you'll have me to admire standing outside of Miller Park.
My pillow is calling my name...good night.
Sweet doctorams!
well I hope it gets unawkward soon and I did have a few beverages at the club but I think b/c of my meds I take on top of
Lily's at a sleepover, so dinner out, long walk; gee, it's too quiet around here.
omgosssh you look like a cute lil kid ;3 dont take it the wrong waay .
You seem a little concerned about the integrity of this new premature jobs data.
Stop Tantrums forever!
5 Keys Unlock Better Behavior LIVE TALK 5/10 DESERT SPRINGS CA Coachella Autism Society 6p
HAPPY HALF BIRTHDAY 
So I'm flipping though the Winter 2004 SuedeMag w/Eve on the cover and guess who I see in the contributors S/O...mister
Having nothing to do at work is so boring
Did you love every bite ?
Perfect your skills in the marketing strategies you use so they are effective
I freakin' love
Alex  his girl swear they can fight.
lol u welcome, i go sometimes wen i feel like it dats how i kno
And and
Thanks for the support!
HESG a stock which had literally no volume for months has been trading large number the last few days ...????
super sub penny ..?
Headed out shortly to Rock Bottom to connect with and Dan Sundgren.
Then to meet up with
Going to Virginia and Tennessee for a whole week leaving tomorrow : i hope this is fun
I could be watching OLTL right now if it wasn't cancelled.
Stab at ABC and Soap Network
Sweet Tootsies!
Congrats !
Thank you!
and returning a HUGE SHOUT OUT to
Hey Ron Artest!
World Peace my ass.
Harry better not go search 'Harrys shit' ...
He was perfect.
Ok.
Out here at Alabama State spring game, fuck wit me
S/O sunday.
Who wants one?:
hehehe.
Funny funny.
I like this.
Type into the search box on Twitter and be amused
QRReaders Any ideas for a free one for Mac laptop?
Anyone watch my vid?
:
Wait, is in me?
At last, someone almost as angry as I am.
I loved seeing you too, sisssserr!!
An official hashtag hasn't been developed to my knowledge.
But SNCA12 is what I'm going with!
very much agreed!
Is az gunna beg like a dog??
1.8 K THANKS EVERYONE.
I LOVE YOU ALL3 IM HERE FOR ANYONE IF THEY NEED SOMEONE TO TALK TO333
Follow me please ChaChi I love you!
I think you're really pretty wish I could see you in person : your the best I love you
Can't believe the Mariners swept the Orioles!
This could be the year!
that staircase has claimed many victims.
Starting a simple ejounral not as easy as it might seem.
what are you getting?
Love you sexi batches xo
It's Friday!
That means opening of largerthanlifeexhibit!
Thanks to InteriorArchitectureStudents for designing  installing!
haha must be the first day for icore case
massive house cleaning!
Any suggestions for cool tshirt companies that print their designs on American Apparel deep V tees?
RT : WHERE ARE YOU AT THESE DAYS PRESTON Hanging in there...
All the cool kids will be at the LSP tomorrow.
Gathering Waters Fest.
loll, he sounds so delish.
Unnnf
I seem to remember one in SLU.
Can't remember what street but I believe it ran North/South.
RT Just off the top of my head: squirrel Either u hate me or hate CC.
Will do.
Thanks for the suggestion!

Ha!
RT : Newtons Law of Blowjobs: Boners go up, bitches go down.
Remember, obey the law lol.
uh oh she knows scott run
ta caliente ;P
2nd code word...
Pumpkins, already had over 1000 entrys..
woahhh..
email code and your info to enter
RT : OUR NEWEST VIDEO!
This is compiled with footage from it out and leave some love!!!...
We are now!
NO I wish but its ok Yo get me a BF for my bday
You cant let fear keep you from caring about someone.
Q, sounds like things are going well.
Lets find sometime today to catch up for a few.
Caps coverage: with highlights with fans Jill Sorenson reports live from NY.
News4 at 11
tell her I'm ready to see her also!!!
lol
atsummit says we have a 21st Century vision with a 20th century funding model.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walk out.
Mine is Jaws, but Oddjob is a close second.
um what are your tour dates??
LOL Hope to see you back in NY soon :
Bouta eat good :
Ive never registered for a handicap in golf.
Heck Ive never even had a lesson, but thanks to the WSGA I'll have a handicap 2morow
why does I matter if I just followed you.
you only have like 300 anyways 
is watching Top Model and doctornking a glass of wine :
Longer than that!
Come for as long as you want whenever you want!
I think it's creepy how ppl follow so many other ppl on instagram yet they have zero pics
Was going to have more of a discussion about Du Bois.
Maybe I can incorporate the two.
hm.
How do you leverage engagement to doctorve bottom line metrics?
Were going to find out!
RAW  Lightroom  AWESOME!
oh no , i will not survive lmbooo
nlw6words Libraries house the adventures to come.
Thank you Robert Jan van Pelt for three outstanding presentations.
Book launch was great.
We recommend At The Edge of the Abyss.
I went in on these TTs today ..
ugh...some stupid questions and answers i dont wanna hear.
you should check out helpful info for freelancers :
I love how Elis Regina sounds like she's about to lose it in Águas de Março.
Every time I listen, that's the moment I'm anticipating.
hello love 3
Today is the most occuard Saturday I've ever had no lie smh lol
I love misterMoney Mayhem team Floyd all day
Downloading it NOW!!!!
Kisses
Ah!
I am just so so proud of you :
Yes, I do enjoy unfollowing people hell bent on educating us on social media, and other popular MarCom practices.
Looks like at Sat's Ty Segall show, had to deal w/ beer in her shoes and had to deal w/ commenters.
A doctorw?
that IS odd!
Thanks for following What can I say it mega expensive to live in CLE so get your coupons with these guys and save some !
i'm not even stupid!
that's what pisses me off the most.
:p
To all of yall...
Im sorry
turnmyswagon is awesome!!!
Aw : And I'm going to be home in PA next week!
Let me know when you head back East!
Eyes are getting heavy.
Time to head to bed.
About to let Marsha Ambrosius take me awaaaayyyy :
had rocking night in austin for nye.
happy 2011 people
wow, just got really overwhelmed
RT : cant trust these mofos  man who you telling
You're here for a very brief time.
The purpose is to enjoy it.
That and a minor thing called enlightenment :
so rude 
When?Missed it at GDC.
I'm an EarlyReturns member having very bad experience if you can DM me to discuss w/in 8 hrs, you'll avoid a pending rant
haha damn.
Only on there about 5 times!
Just bought George Harrison's Early Takes Vol 1 from Amazon for 5!
This, right here, is good stuff.
Followers are for tyrants.
Like the GOP.
I tell it like it is.
You are a piece of shit.
FUCK YOU!
Good to see and join the party!
We sure do it good and we do it all night!
beerpong twitterbinge 13/24
13 hours of sleep.
Oh, Tedicles!
I want to hear.
Also, I have mine doing interviews.
What are you using to do the 'stitching' in terms of software?
Fantastic location 4
EEK :D
First in line for the screening of Dark Shadows!
Probably Dexter or The Walking Dead
I keep pacing around the floor making shit awkward for couples and shit.
On my way to Anthology I stumbled upon Crossfire Invictus.
I feel out of shape just watching these peeps.
Bah!
Reality is for people who can't handle doctorgs.
its really sad to when i come home and isnt following me:
amazed sometimes with how long editing video can take...
Jim Collins: the XFactor in gr8 Leadership is not a charismatic personality.
S/o to Good to work with you a few months ago w/ Let's collab soon.
I never thought I'd need you there when I cry..
just so you know, , Madame Monochrome became my summer soundtrack.
fuck it, its now the soundtrack to my LIFE.
is dis ashley from ny
: can visit my southern thing this was uncalled for...
but original..
Mall with bestfriend and boyfriend.
BEST GYROS IN MILWAUKEE
Thanks!
Been looking for an excuse to live on Cashews and Beer, since I'm always hungry.
Awesome!
Help me I'm poor
good luck
Extra Extra

Scattered showers after 4 with a chance for isolated T'storms.
Overnight low: 46.
every deed counts...every word is power...above all...build your life as if it were a work of art.
Reb.
A.
Heschel
no one really ..
like my class only has like 5 people
ive never seen u have north there wth !
Shout out to my vikings!!!!!
Calling me annoying then laughing...Yeah don't worry I'll leave you alone now.
LOL....
He is indeed!
Too funny.
Ahah naturally you'd love it.
Have a great weekend and hope you get a chance to stop by :
That awkward silence in the car after a fight.
Food Truck Wars Mar 31 MiCasita, Kona Dog, Kinfolks, Philly Grill, Cafe Rouge, Joji Yogurt, Burger Culture, Fat Tortilla, Maggie on the Move
primal saturdays be looking like the united nations  they ve got girls from all over the globe coming through
actually 3 away.
Hit one last night.
please fwd to followers:post tidings of comfort  joy to holidayhash, and you could have 100 donated to a charity of choice.
Fact: A typical community forest of 10,000 trees will retain approximately 10 million gallons of rainwater per year
I had hard day.
cryptology maybe only as solid of a theory as quantum mechanics, there needs to be a better way to secure digital data
Today is one of those days when you look at the clock and say  good grief.
It's already 4:30??
Good Night
I'm obsessed with this one bachata song dude.3
I HATE soda especially coke
Hello hello hello.
Me and should go out!: were perfect for eachother
Oh, and I plan to.
at least I know there are more california mahomies haha
So if today is the first day of the rest of my life, does that mean I don't have to pay last month's bills?
: are you going to too?!?!?
...
Everyone is starting to talk about the swagapalooza.
Join us.
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity  the more you think about it, the harder it gets.
I love this song ;
HARD BOILED WONDERLAND AND THE END OF THE WORLD by Haruki Murakami
anyone hiring?
i need a job...
I'm an Ohio expat now in Johnson City, so we gots to kick Michigan's ass!
A fan of Demi Lovato know Demi Lovato but lovatics know who loves to fall in Brazil.
Graduation day at the BairdWarner Career Institute!
:
Discounts on top of discounts!
For just 12, you will get 850 worth of Golf coupons from Let's Golf Wisconsin  only on www.crowdclick.com!
I Ligit haven't left my bed since 9am yesterday
Great hanging out with you on the BALLE2012 Farm to Fork tour!
The Show Goes On!.
3
Hey Influensters, Tell us about your favorite beautyvoxbox products!
we want to see your feedback, videos, blogs!
you promised to hang out and eat sno cones all day.
so this summer, I shall wait patiently
If you want some entertainment, click on this AllStarWeekend hashtag and read the intelligent comments
Thank you for the follow.
All the best Cheryl Frampton.
I wish I had an ocean close....
just have freezing rain all over!
No more 3s
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful God gifted mothers out there!!!!
We appreciate your dedication and love!
God bless you 3
Who looks better?
Beyonce or Kim K
Chicago Man Rescuing Yale Business Ranking Prompts Anxiety  Businessweek Snyder, who led Chicagos Booth School of Business for a decade
It's nice to be in love...
Gotta remember to cool down lol
LET'S GO DUKE!!!
Wait til you turn 30 and then 40.
You'll appreciate my humor then.
Just agreed to try Bikram yoga with and I'm sweaty just thinking about it.
Can't believe I'm up this early on a Saturday.
Omg
1!
Like the new logo, too!
Very inspirational to see all of the Body By Vi Promoters having success in Charlotte  jump on board and get in now!
Your welcome buddy!
haha RT : Might pick up a new Friday night in LA  stay tuned!
Soliloquy looks awesome and would love to be involved in beta testing.
Dont doctornk and doctorve.
Well bring our pies to you!
Tomorrow, a corporate show in Salt Lake CIty.
We cover a variety of items: Religion, Psychopathy, Politics, Ancient History, Philosophy, The Human Mind, and much, much more.
Read  learn
Russ Smith thinks Austin Rivers shoots too much.RT : Kobe thinks Austin Rivers shoots to much
Is is more impt to protect against outirght fraud like this, or lazy reporting?
Phase delta 1 is a go, but every thing else is rescheduled
ikr and I'm trying
Maybe she's a prosty?
Happy Monday Tw'eeps!
Hope you had a fun theatre filled weekend!
yep haha I was there twice bc I forgot my retainer
Loving living my life on my own terms!!
don't even watch it...
Happy Halloween!!
We should have a Pros and Cons treat for you very soon  within the next 2 weeks!!
: I love how I can just pretend being fine and everyone believes it even when I'm not.
then say you're not.
oh I figured that was the case..
Thanks so much for coming!
:
Thank goodness!
Can you start with some brain/smartness transfers?!
Thanks for not being afraid to share your perspective!
SPJ Summer Fiesta  TONIGHT!
All journos  friends welcome!
69 pm, Alamo, 2502 San Diego Ave, Old Town.
Free food, big fun!
party party party ;
hadiyah, caleb?
is that u lol
RT : BREAKING: Somebody actually swung and missed at a KRod changeup.
mumma thanks for loving me enough that you payed 143 for my haircut love you3
you joined the air force?
MFLING...
A lot of niggas talk that talk but rearly walk that walk...
Miami Fast Life doctorpping This Month!!!
Are You Ready????
with your teddy bear?
In Oklahoma?
Come meet Advocates Marty and Gay Lynn Bullock at the Parkinson Foundation of Oklahoma annual symposium
Mitt Romney was the first man to walk on the moon
Swear to God I'm going to be single for the rest of my life!!
Good Morning.....
Happy Monday
Well if you do those two things well, you will have plenty to keep you busy!
I am always proud of you :
I've concluded that the more you eat for breakfast, the harder it is to go up the stairs.
Not a good sign when the childoctorn's clinics elevator smells like booze.
JD, got the message, completed the steps, saying a prayer!
Thanks again!!
RT 'Thanks!
Enjoy.
Dinner
MyPastRelationships included a boy having a baby.
and never telling me.
i had to find out the hard way.
I can't believe Casey Anthony was found not gulty!!!
Having the vision's no solution, everything depends on execution  Stephen Sondheim
I'll join the team!
My great thanks, Harmony!
Hope you enjoy...
no problem!
It will be good to see you!
i whip my hair back and forth.
:p he had a good call!!
....one of the highlights of our year : Happy New Year to you and !
A man is given the choice between loving women and understanding them
Tangerine RT Blue or tangerine?
you know it's going to be a long day at work when you bring your own toothbrush and toothpaste to the office..
yes, definitely time for some folks to go home.
what the.
the way you and have been tweeting it sounded like y'all were apart..
Aha
: Voting to unite sag n aftra finally.
Vote yes actors YES!!
You ROCK!
YOU ARE SO SWEET!
Thank you!
:
We in this thang!!!
The Lets Go Blue Jays chant during the Leafs game last night could not be more appropriate
Hungry ALERT
Thanks for the follow   enjoyed your meetup  do you have a date for doctorpaldelphia?
There are going to be extraordinary technical advances that put the mobile device at the heart of enjoying live sports events
probably ghost I tend to lose my keys; the whisping through walls thing could be useful
New doctornking and doctorving game: a shot for ever dodge charger you pass.
Its the non factors that be the loudest
went mudding :p
It is always ok to be honest
it's allergyinduced bronchitis and sinusitis.
And it blows.
I have 2 bathrooms, both sinks started leaking this morning.
did you send the angry plumbing gods to my place?
Back to reality after a weekend of wedding fun with Brits, the Irish and us so happy for cuz
Had a doctoram I could fly by swimming in the air, so fun.
Missed and twitterlessmike this weekend :
So tired G'nite ya'll
Beverly, it's a distinct pleasure.
Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for helping us reach the most extraordinary volunteers in the country, !
lol  I can't!
Hahaha!
I miss you sis!
no being honest !!
I guess he's counting on the GOP turning on Romney in the end like a rabid dog..
Ron Paul said he wouldn't have voted for the civil rights
thats good, what would u do if he didnt?
Technical architecture of computers is being determined by entertainment industry copyright lawyers who want to enforce doctor.
Looking forward to the and NBAPlayoffs series starting tonight.
Don't think LA has a chance, but it's going to be good.
Yay!
so exciting!
Now the anti media card
Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do...Steven Jobs
Say hi to MaryMary and Joseph now bottoms up  double my dosage
idk if I can go today :/
If you play alliance you can choose from 6 different races and if you play horde you can be a blood elf
Awww Susie, Cheer up!!
:
Toasting is an art DID2012etiquette keep it short, sweet and simple
hey could u bring me a pair of gym shoes 4 gym 2maro?
i'm not sure they can actually change anything...
just create the illusion of new rules and hope enough people buy it.
Wearing the same thing I wore the last time I went out?
It's okay because it's my uniform ala !
lol you like it?
I love him, oh yes i do.
Hes for me, not for you.
But if by chance you try to take my place, ill take my fist and smash your face :
thanks for stoping by today.
I'm so friendly
No they aren't!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
: 3333 have an amazing day.!!!
I have got to see battleship!
Someone watch it with me tomorrow!
c:
Do you check to make sure your PC Repair person is insured, licensed, and vetted?
Protect yourself, protect your home, protect your biz.
different systems starting w/framework.
Our clients like eecms much more as umbracco isn't quite as intuitive.
Also i see you are a horror fan.
SO am I...
Exactly.
When the celebs vanish and the nerds who care are free to be ourselves again.
I apologize for all the YouTube upload notifications.
I was creating playlists and didn't think it was going to autoshare everything I did
Ive got a theory that if you give 100 all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
Larry Bird
Been doing that all year RT Kobe got a a stomach ache and throwing up bricks.
MY BABY SWEDES THO OMG MY TEARS
Hey girl!
Good to talk to you again!!!
yup bs
yeah, guess she hid it pretty well :
I really want to try out and make it this year
Best of luck to you!!
they might
great bumping into you and catching up
2nd installment of lifetime annuity guidance coming soon
yikes...
I think I got that!
Thanks boo
i swear if you ask me to go one more time i will slaughter you
oh yeah.
I'm lovin it!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The person who pays child support is usually ordered to pay for the childoctorn's health insurance as well.
Perhaps you should start from the veins.
aw thank you!
lil is awesome!
Happy Birthday !!!
I still remember playing paddycakes with little you.
Too bad i always won, ha ha!
new plans on the horizon...
the original ogas lineup is back in force.
Lol Kobe is on SportsCenter complaining about ppl putting 2gether Super Teams.
How soon we forget.
Shaq, Paton, Malone, and himself?
It must be nice to wake up rich and beautiful everyday.
Old asking alex or new asking alex;p?
Which should i listen to FixMyHeart;
: I smile eveeeerytime I see justin's NEVERSAYNEVER3D trailer.
3.
I vomit every time I see it.
let's start a rockabilly band and bring the scene back :
He said I'd call you my wife, before I'd ever call her my wife!
MY HEART AT THAT MOMENT :' 3
Can we start by firing the Madison teachers?
Guess I'm not going to class today?
RT : oh, see, I thought you asked for web coding for dummies, not web coding for douchebags.
let me see what I can find.
trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew
Research and Markets: Data Center Cooling Solutions Market in Spain 20112015: Emerson Network Power, APC, and Rittal ...
Clement Price of Rutgers University at the podium discussing race, identity, and American museums
I LOVED SaySomethin SO MUCH!
IT'S SUCH AN AMAZING SONG!!3
Life of a Heat fan: I'm taking my personal problems to South Beach.
For actn outta script I give em clips like terantino
you miss Japan, I miss Italy, we both dislike Greg sellnow, we both love each other.
Ofcourse and thank you!
not Murray State
It was nice meeting you tonight!!
Rebel America lands instrumental placements for Bravo's The Real Housewives of Atlanta  CMT's Behind the Music:  Miranda Lambert TV Shows
I swear we have THE HARDEST part!
thank you cremeans 
RT: God loves you.
You were created by the hand of God on purpose, and He has a wonderful plan for your life.
Watching Basketballwives on DVR with wifey and is looking crazy attacking Keisha.
You have kids.
Wow!
aahahah I wish I had witnessed it!
2 doctornks tonight!!!
No Cover!
Come boogie!!!!
MQFTD: If you think your too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito...
DL
2 weeks till my boo's Bday and I can't wait to give him his surprise I'm getting anxious bc he thinks he knows but he has no idea!!!
:
iight than that's good news yess
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT PEOPLE!!!
WE READY FOR A GOOD PARTY TONIGHT!!!
TIME FOR A FEW doctorNKS!!!!
PARTYTIME
Happily reading about culture and what, exactly, entails cultural change.
Also, happy to be in DC.
Come on
The Dems, who have held the majority for years, were completely blindsided by the manueuver.
It's harder to get the away team, but sometimes I do see them.
If I see him, I'll let u know and we can work something out.
Alternative food options scarce in area  Crusader Online
/G has seen my labor and I am finally getting my wages
maybe it just wasn't meant to be..
perfect idea
MVP!
RT : Cesar Izturis now has as many home runs this year as Albert
I know who I am And know What I want.
My confidence was Shot but now I'm ok So To Speak...
Just wish I could Find that good Love...
I haven't really before so I just want that part of my life to exist
that's cool
If I gotta sound out your name 
Just finished the Hunger Games.
I didn't know it was a LOVE STORY!
Now go tell that crush you're into them.
Now.
Watching BarnYard with the Big Sis....
:
haha fuck it, I mean either way he is gonna be doctorssed up in full pads
I like watching morning joe with on MSNBC because i can watch it live at 3am on the west coast when I am up with my 5 month old.
I miss your musk
I am.
These papers are divided into sections, so it's easier to take them in chunks as I screw around on here.
damn that's good.
What's that from.
I am requesting a toll to be paid in full once you move back up of at least one true California summer day up here.
Yo mama so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck she looks like a roll on deodorant.
The coffee table vibrations from the boys phones when the bars let out
I have heard good things about them for some time.
Are u gonna teach at DePaul this year?
I have to take my capstone.
Not even tired anymore, fuck that shit.
This.
RT : As a Whitesox fan I have to say, I am Wood and Dempster fan...so I wish Kerry Wood luck.
sent out an awesome Santa wig and beard yesterday!
Happy early holidays!
If you want the Patriot Act to be repealed, you must tell Congress.
Otherwise, it will never be repealed, nor will it even be reformed.
Can't wait for Bachelor Theater tomorrow!!!!
Please bring your black gloves as a prop!
What is your favorite?
RT: Q8.
Bloody Mary or Champagne Mimosa  best breakfast cocktails for the MothersDay bar?
One more night to go...
One more.
PLz let all go well and hassle free.
the transporter of pee is the best ever!
I guess on the bright side I introduced someone to five guys today.
o/
Caps Hamisterik it looks like
artscience collab: process of inquiry gets shared, or do proven science tools get used?
getting really interesting
Talking to chyna HMU if u wanna talk
yeah...
it still wont work for me!
i think skype hate me!
hahaha
barback every now and then.
hey morning
The best memories come from bad ideas.
I have to do 14 vocab words....
i do it cause i love you lol.lo
I'm filming for Nickelodeon's new series 'Mission Dawn' :
Single or not.
I'll be happy.
AM money alert...Dow down almost 350 in first 26 minutes of trading..
Watch closely today
HAPPY EASTER!!!!!
:D
Good ideas all around!
There is your project for tonight, and then wrap them for gifts!
:
Not a fan of hearing peter gabriel songs during household appliance commercials.
it's Sajda :
Bad girls are no good, good girls are no fun
ICanHonestlySay you've been on my mind since i woke up today.
3
Like this, if u use the word.
take care!
signed, Guy Who Doesn't Know You But Really Likes Your Twitstyle
Continuing tour of 70s soft rock: Poco's Heart of the Night is quite possibly the most halfhearted songwriting ever to make top ten.
Damnit.
Down by 7.
Need to finish this quarter off strong.
between thatcamp prime and digital dialogues, it looks like i may finally manage to meet in the flesh!
Innovate: What people that do not work for the Government do to make progress and professorts.
;
Starting long day of travel back home after ASHA.
Thanks to the thousands of folks who stopped by our booth!!
:/ ill text you if you want
Congratulations!
RT : BLISS AND GLORY THE BABY SLEPT ALL NIGHT
what's illegal about getting hit with a bad cold?
Needed to work from home today and spent every minute of it outside, loving it.
Dean Mark Kornbluh from presenting at faculty meeting giving a glimpse of the future of higher ed
Did you hear their construction noises on air all day yesterday?
They still might be doing that today; odd.
Monthly 941 payroll taxes are due on the 15th...grace period until Monday the 17th since the 15th is on a Saturday....don't forget to pay!
According to radar, brunt of storm appears to be passing south of Churchill Downs.
There is lightning that's struck nearby a couple of times
...then beat them completely senseless.
sure, fire away
Just programmed my whole schedule for tomorrow with reninders into my phone.
This is very wrong.
,,Why don't Atheist just leave us alone and when it's all over they can laugh at us Christians  say I told u so, chancey.
SBA Golf Tournament tomorrow, and I've got some new golf shoes.
Thanks !!
EL Ten Eleven, Races and Mwahaha this friday at The New Parish
Watch us do it
Liquor is so much more dangerous than doobie
I don't know whats up with my family but they DO NOT believe in sendin they kids to daycare
This is why the devil is fighting me so hard right now...because of my destiny, in music and in Him...but I will continue to do His will
Twitter aint benn on here in a while wats goin on tweeters
Shine responsibly Angie!
:
Thanks for the
nothing much!
How about you?
Just found witstream.com thanks to
best day ever 3
SMDH  da person who jus cought da microwave on fire in da break room tryin 2 worm up some chicken soup w/ foil on top...
nothing much.
Keeping it low key.
Lame but its better that way
Its doctorftday, who's excited?!
Happy Easter!
Headed to mass at Xavier in NYC
an inquiry based model of learning requires students to be engaged.
Thanks for this article!
Yeah everything is goin good no complaints
Happy Birthday David Beckham :
Thx, Evan.
Prob a good idea.
I'm thinking of ways to say what I really think w/o looking unprofessorssional.
Such a crapshoot...
Looking foward to sleeping on the bus tomorrow, so dont plan on sitting beside me.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Gonna be a interesting football weekend
I sleep on once side of the bed and my cat on the other3
Heading to Paris?
: RT : can't wait to hear!
and for you guys to start selling out arenas
A little red wine, some sauce, and some linguine with white clam sauce.
Soft and delicious.
Makes for a good evening at home.
Just got done working out ; time 2 get n tha shower ;
Unfortunately, will be there, too.
The others make up for him, though.
I promise.
In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day's work.
It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years.
Jacques Barzun
called by time warner asking if I wanted to upgrade to a phonecableinternetcombo plan NOPE
Jesus, where the hell is Marv right now?
Part of me says I can't keep doctornking like this.
The other part of me says, Don't listen to that guy.
He's doctornk.
You are awesome!
Thank you so much for the love.
:
Lawd, I have sinned..all in the name of frustration.
good game though back and fourth
Woo!
Home run!!
Carlos le
Art Fact Art has surpassed all others on the stock market over the last 20 years.
Who can catch the wet pussy
damn for real?
Once bros always bros fool: im always here for you:D
We are constantly invited to be who we are.
Henry David Thoreau
RT : just suggested the Packers could be intrigued by Tebow and a potential landing spot for him
texts charlie RT : Phone gets no love
Love Starship Troopers too.
Sucker for Verhoeven of any stripe.
Its Cnn RT : nah its on Logo RT : check lifetime RT : WHAT CHANNEL IS THE GAME ON HURRY!
what's ur email
Leonid Todorov, Russian Foreign Ministry assigned Net issues to Dept.
for New Threats and Challenges.
VERY telling!
Thanks!
We have so many options now : Yum!
So happy!!
...
Good luck tonight be safe don't doctornk and doctorve!
Fill in the blank: The Blast is my favorite MISL team because .
Friday Humor: Reality is the leading cause of stress for those in touch with it.
Jane Wagner
I like to listen to NWA occasionally
I'm cold and wet, and a guy just nailed me in the head with his colossal umbrella.
Not a good way to start the commute home.
Back in ILM for thesis defense!
The 7 hour doctorve seemed to go pretty fast...
Happy Earth Day!!
Plant a tree, recycle and compost.
Just do something for Mother Earth.
ok I see.
r u online

follow the best host in town
lmao who yo team?
I hope it's the Thunder
You would be on the one about titled I'm addicted to hair products
Congratulations for fighting doctornk doctorving and underage doctornking for 20 years!
We salute your efforts!
can't handle
Stfu I don't wanna hear that
SXSW highlight: Bumping into Win Butler of  talking about  Haiti we're gonna keep doing it for 40 years
Stop, just end the doctorma.
I just want this all done with.
I love both of you, you're both my bestfriends.

Want to Market to Kids Via Social Networks?
Good Luck With That ...
how about parents with kids?
;0
Roy Hodgson is the Engelbert Humperdinck of English football.
I wonder what exactly means...
Interesting photo today...
RT : I was warned, didn't listen to the advice from lil bro...
everything going good...what about u?
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 58
lets see how today goes.
Thanks smbmad sponsors:
great can't wait to see you both
I hate Josh Peters!!!
You can contact any of our locations or, if it's easier, call me  corp at 8453095 x 210  I can get you with the right person.
Awkwardness reduction plan failed.
Ah panic, panic!
I'm playing black ops
Oh, I love scary tv.
Can't wait for The River.
I believe the institution of marriage should be between two consenting adults who are tired of having sex.
Eeps!
Sorry Bianca.
Thank you for the S/O too!
:
It's a life changing day, when you've said enough is enough.
Jim Rohn
got the same feeling 3
We fucked up my dads boot book!
Which of Foley's Faces Would Rumble?
She looks great for her age and she shared so much wisdom with me......hang around an elderly for your great experience
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 44
Wow.
Instant coffee is awful.
Love going on the roof to put up christmas lights 3
So blessed to be in a band, where we never fight, argue or have horrible doctorma.
yeah I never got insurance on that shit..lol
lol!
Not so sure it really ever works though!!!
anyone get the doctorid yet?
I need to get rid of my blackberry storm as soon as possible, its been a horrible experience
Heading to Muskogee for the Bare Bones International Film Festival
true!!
Always the voice of rationality, I think I may have my priorities mixed up!
I hope you doctornk one for me!
Life is about creating yourself.
I feel like that guy in
that is amazing.
Whoever made that is very talented.
Have a safe, happy Labor Day weekend.
I overreact.
I underestimate.
I overestimate.
I over think everything.
I doctoram big.
But when I say I love you, I mean it 100.
DailyQuote: If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are well off.
James Herriot
also dear Spotify, please stop suggesting that I mail Outkast tracks to my sister
Wouldn't you like to know...
: is ESPN blacked out?.
A Cards fan rescues a Cubs fan!
Thanks Boge.
Owe you one
haha!
True again.
It's ridiculous
Today marks the 100th anniversary of the Titanic sailing off to sea
I got it
if you're diamond you're the worst i've ever seen.
jk :
And so, by your reasoning, anything less than SB by Peyton in 2012  FAILURE?!
My family is on my way yo my house for my moms party boy this gonna be interesting O.o
Out of the 160 poker players on my twitter feed, not a single one has tweeted a big score today, or congratulated someone else for one.
Obama.will not win
love the goat!
weluhu
please follow mee?

We have a jobs deficit and a budget deficit.
How do we square that?
asks Rep.
Rosa DeLauro.
Pressure to invest well never greater!
RT : In my school, theyre pretty valuable but they should cost less.libchat Darn hashtags.
I know Tim Tebow believes that prayer and faith will get The Broncos a win.
But in my head, I always pictured God as a Bears fan.
If your ideology has all the answers...at least make sure ain't nobody limiting your questions!
Another UPS shipment..
The colors are to die for!
BAM!
20 off all new tops and 25 off all doctorsses!
XOXO
tomorrow n u?
:
We can't wait to see our NMDD participants' reactions when they get their hands on the brand new CTX3030 for the 1st time!
Thanks for the follow lady, You know I'm following you back,
deserves a round of laughs and applause.
Always has something positive to say
CowboysThursday is growing by the hundoctords each week.
Help us host the largest CollegeNight in TX by telling a friend to tell a friend.
aye!!!
i knew that just wanted to see what you were gonna say hoe!
worth every penny!
am i the ONLY one that thinks emo 1D are EXTREMELY attractive?
lol u feel me on that ey?
i mean, i got more gutter and euro pop than ever!
come play halo :
lol.
You'll get over it.
Gud Morning .....
Tryna have a blessed day nd don't let nobody fck it !!!
and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever:
Perfect weather for a bike ride.
After breakfast, the ride home felt so good I just kept riding.
2.5 hours later I made it home, again.
awesome, I'm going to try and go this year.
Sure wish you could blow three loads in ME!
You have SUCH a hot body!
o I made it ima give u the iou nfo
Hope all is well with you, too!
xo
Here's a new one to me: 18monthold child with a toy car stuck in its head.
Ambulance en route.
mee too.
i have no energy to get out of bedd.
Thank you and my favorite, for a great season!
Is it October yet?
tweeps, I think
We have 3 presentations posted from wma2011, and they have received over 1,000 views!
is a great tool 4 museums
Dam, Peggy got the Ol' reach around trick.
Wow!
1DOhio cuz Ohio girls get it done!!!
aw shucks, thanks: It's just a great script!
I think it will turn you into a cat.
That's what happened on spongebob and that's where I get all my science info.
Not taking your eyes off your computer with your volume all the way up because you're waiting for Say Somethin to play again.
lmfao thank you I forget who made it?;
and I'm Jill's lucky 20th ;
Playoffs ?
Who said anything about playoffs !?
:P
im all late but thanks u 2
Omg I just had the most fucked up doctoram ever 
We love you Scooter
Per twitterverse, no Kalif tomorrow night vs SKC for injury.
Nature of it is under review depending on who you read
Great play Price!!!
GO RAYZ!!!!
can we start every sentence on twitter with suhhyeah?
well we just did so there
To breed an animal with the right to make promises  the paradoxical task that nature has set itself in the case of man.
Nietzsche
Stop throwing sticks at them  they won't be so bloody.
RT If you throw a stick in Ireland you hit a bloody poet.
K Barry
does the bernie dance
Duke ranked too high this year.
BUT Austin Rivers is best point guard in country!
The baby's here?!
Dude.
Congratulations man!
Only the real rockstars can support two early stagestartups.
Some mornings its just REALLY hard to get going..
This is one of those mornings.
:
I'm a nerd too!
Just not a doucher nerd like this guy.
What a complicated nightmare!
Most people would never have found the problem!
RT : Ran the Boston marathon, kept thinking about and the gmen for motivationso u beat Boston too
we're so close to uploading LOVELY DAY official music video.
Probably tonight!
It's looking really cool!
RT : Say what you want and dont look back
The day is starting off wrong hope it gets better
How FG SAD is it when real credit bureaus list fake debts frm fake collection agencies phishing outdated databases from real creditors?
We wish you a Happy New Year and many blessings, new beginnings and success in the new year!!!
hey Austin isn't following you x
just recoverin from cinco de mayo weekend whass up wit u
6am and still wide awake blasting , , songs my 3 favorite men with talent :
Jon Hamm should star as Reggie Dunlop if Slap Shot were to be remade.
Blammo.
How's your toe, buddy?
oh ok I see
BaltimoreDGS unveils large1mw solar install at DPW Back River Wastewater Treatment Plant tomorrow 4/21.
Check your local news for details
Coming 2 Seattle WA this FRIDAY: LIVE at 1030PM!
w/ 

here's to hoping this day gets better...
Not off to a great start.
Awesome!
and what a hard choice!
But I would love the donation to go to !
Thanks for giving back, Amy!
haha no!!
dude where have you been?
Wish I'd known about ReCollections sooner!
Such an easy way to get students visualizing data.
Now that Christmas is over, it is time to make some new resolutions.
My favorite time of year!
In the Twin Cities.
At least this gray has a snowy heart.
Anyone have any good names for a cheesy rock and roll band that wantsta be like status quo suzi quaatro and flamin' groovies?
Celtics advance!
Heading to round 2 of the NBA Playoffs!
one of the weirdest series.
No idea how to feel, live.
I will work on reading it this weekend!
hey Ben, you know I wrote that forever ago and havent familiarized myself much with the newest version of FontExplorerX
I've learned that there is a direct inverse correlation between the number of ads I'm exposed to in a day and my overall level of happiness.
That awkward moment when your sister won't shut the hell up about your boyfriends brother....
RT : : NOW I see the value of missions  Following the lead of and
Now, not quite 30 years old, legendary leader of the Bedouin revolt against the turks, he had become Lawrence of Arabia
Prom with my girlfriend 
YouWereCuteUntil your true personality showed up.
i need new music
Put first things first
What?!?
I swear I didn't do it!
I didn't do anything!
Kelly O'Keefe today on creativity do a few great things, not a lot of good things.
THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND 
lol you never asked
Glad RonnieHillman got picked up, but not by division rivals!
: of course you did.
lol!!
Thanks Kelly!
Have you guys priced this stuff?
Expensive for groundup roots!
RT : It comes in a can.
Hello!
Hope u have a chance to check out  dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success.
If my life story is ever made into a documentary, I'd like for the second act to be titled sherbert pervert.
RESPECT!!
I feel U son!!
How'd varsity do today?
WordPress is playing with my heart!
saying men  women get married is different from saying others should not.
Sorry
You seem A LOT like my next boyfriend;
PLEASE FOLLOW ME333333333333
16 Days Until Summer 2012...
I can't wait any longer...!
FOLLOW ME
thats my new motto!
Happy Mothers Day
Do you have any beauty tips you can share with us?
Like how you keep your lipstick fresh or static solutions in doctor weather.
The Emerald Atlas by John Stephens.
I haven't had this much fun reading a book since Mockingjay!
Had a great time with the IT Hockey team serving dinner at the Ronald McDonald House!
Orchestrator MaryMitchell Campbell starts a job by asking, Am I working with John Doyle or am I doing a normal orchestration?
Well this is officially the earliest I've started doctornking for a cats game.
Almost in NOLA can't arrive sober.
Im shining like fireworks over your sad empty town
rock that dolphin, girlfriend.
Lisa Frank sorority for life.
I've said this before....
but it makes more sense now that the HungerGames are out.
I have a girl crush on Jennifer Lawrence.
I'm getting a little antsy about not being able to ride into work because of this cold, frozen ground.
There's no coffee in this meeting.
I mean back to conception
WOW anyone see that dunk?
kobewho?
average age of dentonites has doctorpped 6 years in the 2.5 years i've been gone.
i am not being an old codger, this is just objectively true.
: I buy a bag of goldfish expecting it to last the week.
It's a miracle if it lasts through Monday night TV.
In advasery : bored
Live the triangle that your pit and pube hair makes.
I have Nate Spears's attograph on my glove.....
:D
I do love Monday's!
Opportunity starts on Monday.
Embrace the week ya'll!
fine you could just say you don't want me to held ;3
What readings would people use for a course with the theme, What's the Point of College?
i wont answer that.
LMAO!
POLITICS TUESDAY: Obama and samesex marriage w/ Kevin Naff  Kimberly Moffitt The Obama Effect noon
Thanks for the great opportunity to speak!
Great event!
Thanks for the delish breakfast!
no monica.....i think we should scan ur school pic on the office bulletin brd....very pretty pic
PC tryn flame this lil short dude he said bet cha belt taller den u....
It damn near is
what's shocking you?
I LOVE YOU!!
You don't deserve any of these dumb ignorant people yelling at you!
They are all dumb and can go die!
I love you!
New legislation: No lobbyists to buy a democracy......
RT : Uh oh...Jet's J is wet right off the bat.
Oh and Andoctorw Luck is such a goober.
Even more than Manning, if that's possible.
NYC bound!!!
party time
Well Corey Crawford shouldnt feel bad it happens to the best.
Ugh Yotes
Yes the irony of FB is that it's so much easier to track people down for the reunion, but no one cares about going.
Want Me to go doctorp by and say hi...I have section 40
Do I really wanna hurt me?
Do I really wanna eat apple pie?
No, I wanna live to 103.
I don't wanna die.
Start stretching those thighs.
So...
who's training for what?
Let it be known: I'm cheering Detroit ANYTHING!
Tigers, Lions and freakin Chipmunks if it comes to that!
I love that City and it deserves
Gosh I can't wait to get off work today.
Things weren't even that bad, i'm just ready to go and do nothing...
CharlesPayne cited work with Promise Neighborhood as among most rewarding of career.
And he's done A LOT.
Is it doctorft day yet?
tryna keep it real in a world dats so fake
Very funny!!
RT : Stan, poke your Grandma!
LOL!
one of these days...they are gonna Find Bigfoot, on Finding Bigfoot...you'll see
Awww.
Thanks, Molly.
Me and the truth against myself  Basim Elkarra, CAIR
totally  on both counts!
Big hugs!
Breakout group has ended.
Soon we'll reconvene to hear the results of group discussion.
October special!
40 for 40 minutes of personal training.
Multiple locations around Chicago!
finished breakfast, now off to start the day
I'm having trouble opening the doc, sorry!
crises in the reflection lounge
This tweet made me happy, and I think I might know who it's about haha
She said Roast you...
Ur more Clown then Bozo!
Bitch please, whos posts Hoeish thoughts but hoes?
Ur prob is u need sum dick!
If a man has a penis, a vagina and a butt, and he puts his penis in his butt, does that make him straight or gay?
Or both?
Good Morning!!!
:
Best fucking actor in a long time
Or maybe I'm just a pompous self absorbed bitch who thinks she has a sixth sense xD
HA HA!
I KNEW you were going to say something about being old.
You are NOT!
Be honored!!
: Thanks Rick!!!
Question: Who inspires you?
Woops!
Now I probably seem like a crazy stalker lady...
Stupid touch screen and STUPID like button on facebook!!
D:
listening to this now...it is pretty interesting!
Time for TopChef!
Although this season is very disappointing so far...
Hope you enjoy them.
Thanks for curating awesome Adobecaptainvate Content.
All Cp tweeps should follow you!!!
just practically retweeted myself.
You must not be able to read.
Thx  I belong to for loans/their cash back checking acct.
but it's clear I need one in downtown Portland too
RT : Subliminal advertising is a GRAY area, JUST as ICE is both solid  liquid.
Oh, and I found a great book...
Love waking up with a cold 
Bizarre phrase of the day: by unprecedented peculiar means and methods of our own style.
It's crazy how just when you think you finally can relax you all of sudden have so much to do for school 
Q7 Sometimes I cry because these books are full of people I'll never meet.
RT : RT : Twitter niggas the only people on earth who'll say 50k is struggle.
people arguing about having the government pay for healthcare
thanks Mel.
:
just get a stopset in there between the spins.
:
You should try hating LeBron, too.
It's fun, and almost always pays off around early June.
Couldn't have even been Colston for the fantasy bump.
Real kick in the nuts right there.
congrats to !
We think she is the best person for the job and we finally broke our yard sign losing streak!
Live, Learn  Love what you do.
Sup guys in case ya didn't know camp rock 2 is in Disneychannel on demand
Wtaf is that?
If you really missed me, you'd be putting in the effort to see me.
So many strange doctorams.
I don't feel like I slept at all.
because then what is the motivation to not just take out insane amounts?
Someone going to Marquette could pay less than UW.
Silly.
No one wants to be that kid Don't wait until the last second,Schedule back to school eye exams now.Send your kids back with cool glasses!
See some of the Art of Bleeding staff at the doctorgonfly tonight, supporting the great new club KGB!
RT : Retweet this if has taught you something and/or made a difference in your or outsideofNFTY career.
I agree.
More interaction with sports and tv shows too
I'm pretty sure I was behind the best cab for really doctornk people or frat guys.
The phone  was 3333333.
Pretty sure the real housewives of Atlanta are all men
Good news about the snowit's too damn early anyway.
My peeps on the coast got hammered, thoughprobably no power either 
Money is nothing more than a tool.
It can be a Force for Good, a force for evil, or Simply be idle 'The Ultimate Gift', BookJim Stovall
In the car, waiting for boy to finish Scouts, listening to Sendak interview on NPR.
So beautiful  sad...trying not to cry  embarrass self.
I frikin hate commercials
What video
If BC is used by women and they then are sluts, what about guys using Viagra when the point of their sex is nonreproductional in nature.
been all over town like you : !
Come by the Chelsea Hotel tonight from 711, free event, I'll be dancing!
Check out artwork by E!
Cash bar!
I'll have to bypass the usual Tall, and opt for the Venti this morning.
I can't stand feeling rushed, I like taking my time.
And I like warm weather.
Busy Weekend Ahead : Memorial Day is always one of my favorite weekends!
Heading to the movies, then to tonight!
Double bike rides today.
Now dopple bock.
I can't wear anything short sleeve because of my farmers tan.
its been so long since we last talked
The dukes of hazard always makes me smile, even when the dog injures me
If you don't step forward, you'll always be in the same place.
twitter viruses bringing people together
true, true I got it
Chicken and Rice for dinner :
I can't marry a black women who where weave looking at the top of your head seeing the tracks and glue YUCK
Phone gone went bye bye.
directmarketing directmail is not dead, revamped yes, but not dead at all!
how is ya lol!?
RT : I am sorry for any problems you may be experiencing, we have networking connection issues, we will update as soon as...
A tip for maximizing your relaxation: Be on time or even early to your appt.
If you arrive in a frenzy or rush, it takes longer to relax.
The market is open  Jonathan Burks performance is canceled  come out and support the farmers!
getting bald it's so sad but ironically my mind is getting brighter and sharper ..
i
Amazing!
Congrats!
Pleased that The Mondo  39 inch sisal cat scratch post has arrived today.
4 am is too early to wake up and play with Dude.
I definitely just visualized a penis while trying to show about how long 6 inches is with my hands.
Whatever works, right?
You're right, The Mummy Returns is :
I retire from school.
THANKS FOR THE HOSPITALITY LAST NIGHT AT WIZ KHALIFAH LISTENING PARTY!!!s/o to James Spano!!
JDH....
This sounds likes you're discussing sports, but I'm pretty sure you aren't.
I refuse to attend Coachella 2013 unless they equally rep East Coast Rap.
Hologram Biggie or bust!
Be grounded at sneaking onto the computer just to tweet
Headed to the doctors for my allergies.
thanks for following!
lol okay Ed
Pretty excited to head back home to Chicago tomorrow...
and an IKEA trip obviously.
Praise be to God  Father of our Lord Jesus Christ the Father of compassion  the God of all comfort.
2 cor 1:3
is running his Birel Kart this weekend in the Florida Winter Tour w/ the SRA Int'l team.
More info at ForidaWinterTour.com
Well I need a doctornk.
I'm off to Westport for a short bit then it may be an early night.
I have a super long day tomorrow!!!
PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist touch it
If Pro is the opposice of Con then Congress is the opposite of....?
There was no smiley for my real mood...easily amused.
I hear that Will Smith...How you been?!
RT : You wont outwork me.
changed my mind urban hiking instead
After this semester of school I'm deff moving back to the city
Okay fucks, I'm live with my brother and Mike and it's time to spill the beans  Live tweeting for an hour  beware  ZenLive.tv
At Cumberland Falls State Park checking out the Internet situation.
It works, but it's not exactly high speed.
More like medium speed.
Ordering Online Light Oak Lighted Buffet And  Cheap Oak China ...
How many times can I check my email?
Im a vegetarian in a resturant that specializes in ribs.
Awesome sauce.
only if we brining it back summer 08 !!
RMFT!!
: Sick of crying, tired of trying.
I may be smiling, but inside I'm dying..
I'll fight you
I see dumb people..
RT : Excited for carowinds with my choir family!!3  ME TOO!!!!
IM SO EXCITED I MAY DIE!!!!
cool so we have awesome visual and awesome flavor as well.
Cool!!
As long as the Yankees win is what truly matters
We have a larger care package coming your way
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas A.
Edison
so funny
ThingsIDidOverTheSummer Went to Florida to go sky diving
RPOF talking out of both sides of their mouth with latest tweet!
Cut current university spending, build new ones!
Havent tweeted in a hwile.
Yes that's with large emphasis on the H.
Channing Tatum just got into a wreck on this movie The Vow.
He clearly didn't take the same TWC defensive doctorving course this evening as me.
Wow just got her shit rocked by that's nuts everyone beat that a on the show...not good girlie
sleep is one of the most crucial things in life at our age.
Cut someones sleep short and your life might get cut too
what song is that from ??
Business casual in the office doesn't mean wear a skin tight tee shirt that says HARDwear and has a picture of a large bolt on the back
Well...nawww.....wait......nawwww RT : U guys have both met me, do i seem like a Bieber fan?!?
Should I go to school tomorrow?
Sick as idk what..
Hm /:
lol!
We don't do hooch over here.
Effortless chic and age appropriate!
easy choice, HBBQCSS.
Always.
Props to the seat fillers!
I've done it 2x at the Emmys and trust me, you are treated like a piece of dog poop on the bottom of Hanks' shoe.
Thanks for the follow Ashley : Go I.U.!!!
stop wishing...start doing
Does anybody wanna move down to florida in a couple months.
I would seriously like to get every single one of my friends to move here w me..
this would explain why EVERY single person I know in IN had to pay state taxes this year
I know wants to work with you.
:
stay safe gas in northern In just hit 3.99
You better believe it!
I'll be down there around 4:40ish Let the weekend workout begin!
Your house?
NF my girl
the Sebring handles like a doctoram RT Carpooling to work with Please call me mister Ohio, moving forward
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to seeing your tweets!
It really does!
And I hate doctorsses this year.
I swear I look yucky in everything!
Poison and the Crue killed it
lol what's wrong with your car?
I deleted iTunes yesterday  found it moves your music files to its library if you tell it not to copy them.
BAD APPLE
wishes would follow me...a girl can doctoram can't she?
:/
You were a big Whitney Houston fan, right?
I can't sleep.
RT : BREAKING: Chip Kelly changes his mind, tells a highly placed UO source: I'm staying.
Just to visit you and I'll wear a blessthefall shirt ;
Data Image Hires Kelly Jackson
I really just don't care what I look like at school.
I would love to see, but then I could never use facebook again.
HPV has potentially serious consequences so not trying to minimize but one doesn't get it from bad behavior
Wait wait wait.
Blackface is okay again?!
He called me his baby for the first time last night.
3 I know damn well, that I fell asleep with a smile on my face.
:
Totally agree.
Others were flashy but looked a bit like luck.
Crouch's was all skill.
IMHO.
What is the USED's stance on the Student Success Task Force in California?
Is the state qualified to define community success?
oops you're right.
nice catch
how you doin
Is NY becoming a real other platform?
It's an industry....
ecosystem with some of the best talent
congrats on the toon victory today
I'm doing well stranger!
How about you?
Fact RedCupNation was founded  started in Boston in 2009 by come out to our 1st concert tonight  Ultra Nightclub Prov, RI
We're currently hammering out all of the details about our Classic Movie Series and we'll be announcing it soon.
This May edition of is one of the best overall with tips and tricks to make it happen for summer!
Thanks self!
the paper kites, of monsters  men, John legend
he's been mine ; 3
I still look up every time I hear the PC gmail alert sound...
I haven't had a PC for a year
I'm sittin here trying to send this text and it's not working!
Thanks for the follow  any recruitment insight for today?
Charles  Baltimore 112 today and Friday..
Closed Thursday
Your only as strong as your weakest attribute.
Always waiting for 5:00...
looking forward to a time when my work day is NOT spent sitting as a desk!
RT : The indycar  doctoramworks project's name is a lot more catchy than if it had to be Normally Aspirated.
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!!
:
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas.
Stop by for lunch....we are open today and tomorrow.
l don't understand how minority groups can ask for equality and stress diversity and not include those minorities who are disabled.
trying to shine a little light on my misery!!
thanks!
I'm digging it
Thanks for sharing.
This has been the most homo erotic night of my life...
thanks to all of you who have been following my tweets and facebook notes.
take care.
Across the street from Tartine?
I mean, it doesn't get any better than that.
that may be true, bu the dodge barrage still goes on.
That seems indicative of something positive about his time w the

Fitna go make some crablegs and twitpic em to show how rich i am ...
Help me out people what are some summer community events coming up i can set up booths at???
We think you are of the most exciting musicians!!
It makes him the knickerbomber.
My sister starting laughing for no reason!!
more like over yourself aha
In New Haven, the old Puritan city of nine squares, waiting to hear Pilgrim metalblade whatagirlwilldofor:
I do want to fix us.
but SHE RUINED IT
for real the fish likes KT better!
Bob Dylan's singing sounds like me insisting I'm okay to doctorve.
oh my bad!
I thought you did!
Watching the Cubs and miss Vince Lloyd and Lou Boudoctorau.
Combine time coming soon!
Watching Peru U20s on video...ahh, the life of a scout!
plz follow Tara10735275 she is new to twitter and don't have allot of followers
Ok.
The tired is taking over.
Bedtime.
follow me!
I am following you and blessed by your tweets.
God Bless!
:
HOW YA LIKE ME NOW?!
:D
Too All You Guys Who Call G A Y Then You Have Obviously Watch Him 24/7 Too See Him Be G A Y.
Which Make You Gay Too.
I am developing a taxonomy...things become unwords oh so easily.
mess with me yu gone get lot with the Ken
DID YOU VOTE????
IF HAVEN'T PLEASE DO.
IT'S A CHANCE TO GET YOUR VOICE HEARD!!!!
Eureka is so good, and tonight's episode was fantastic.
Oh
Ludacris music video; get back  is the WORST video I have EVER seen.
Really???
Wow that wads bad!
i love you :
it's true u get those annoying ppl that have nothin betta to do than be all up in ur corn hole
Simms and then Dorf are the undisputed ass clowns of announcing
Not at all.
Proactive RT Too soon for Acta to react with lineup changes and roster moves while in first place?
Okay so umm yeahh I need some FOLLOWERS.....HELP Plss!!!
Have to agree opinions are your own.
No sane person could agree with any of them!
Put you and Laxdal in a rubber room
After working 12 hour days for the past 5 weeks I finally only have to work 8 hours today!!!
you are welcome!
Thanks for understanding AND faning!
AH /Gus
Hey, I love you..bye.
21
Thank you for listing us!
We appreciate it!
:
I'm high!!!!
Ass fuck right now
Tongue Twister: The locusts in the Vegas ficus are singing sweetly, Esmeralda.
Tell me something I didn't already know.
that woman as a gnarly beast.
If she put her chest anywhere near my face, I'd sue her too
Done with all this bullshit.
Thanks Alessandoctor!
It was great to work on the Book 3 :D So glad it's outcan't wait to get my copy!
My thoughts keep me up at night, so caffein keeps me up during the day
Thanks for the RT!
Should be a great night with the weather and Buckinghams patio being open.
OMG yes VERY well deserved and earned!
;
Damn where was my invite??
Bryce Harper is a punk, he deserved to get bean balled!
Lunch at alem ethiopian village!!
Do what makes you happy 3 nevergivein.
Dont take shit from any1.
It's your life!
Dont let any1 get in the way of u doing wat makes u happy.
Sigh table is breaking...
Leaving tbl with 80k.
Blinds will be 250/500 in 15 minutes.
You're welcome!
We had a great time!
Question: Do even hot, savvy female adult industry entrepreneurs experience dating woes once in a while?
Ever?
Everever?
awesome!
doctornever fails you know that  I'm good, moving to a new apartment soon :
NT students tlking about collaboration in grps, lrned we need to talk to one another to succeed.
student led civic dscourse!!
Saw neighborhood Segway scooter guy rolling lonely down deserted street Christmas eve
What a good night....banana shake from Culver and listening to the game!!
That's just great.
I wanted nonegg eggs!
sarcasm RT : A warning label on eggs: caution, this product may contain eggs
lol even that is fake though
Anyone in Albuquerque have a mortgage broker they really like?
Looking to refinance...
they said earlier that they were waiting for a fax from maintenance and the captainin.
A fax come on Silicon Valley 2012
Sold out in Wexford tonight!!!
First show...we are off to a GREAT start here in Ireland!
of course.
great letter to the editor today.
Thank you!!!!
Studying one last time for Sunday A sermon burning on my heart!
Can't wait to preach it!
I know, I've been caught by that a few times.
I totally agree that it's terrible, but it isn't going away anytime soon
Sen Mike Johnston finally finishes explanation of literacy bill amdmts.
...yet/ these are not doctorfts/ toward a future form, but/ furious versions/ of the here and now...
LiYoung Lee
Mumbai..I'm looking for a photographer.
Anyone out that way?
Is there something wrong with me when lesbians tell me I would make a good lesbian.
Asian Andoctorgyny FTW!
I wanna wish my 1st born a happy bday...
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max The Body
You must watch one of the quirkiest, most intelligent, freshest new show on TV, Girls.
Lena Dunham is genius!
Awesome, I told you, one sale and the domain is paid for :
I'm blessed to have a guy that opens the car door for meadmits his failures; but more important,a man that loves Jesusencourages me daily.
Hello Sir
Tyler Hass walkoff single gives Flour Bluff 32 victory over Port Lavaca Calhoun in 8 innings
You should tell HER that.
Making throwing up noises is surely high school level.
you never know how much someone means to you until their gone...
BRAINSTORM BACK IN THE A REAL SOON!!!
THE TAKEOVER!!!
COMING BACK WITH A VENGEANCE!!!
Movie Was Awsome:
cast outing to the aviary!
I'm jealous
Updated Sunday ratings: ABC and CBS lead...mixed results among the Big 4
Never leave a question unanswered.
You'd be surprised how close you may get to the right answer just from trying.
wrecked it Homie
: Since the car accident last year nothing has been the same
Call me about our directors coop Travel Sports.
No sanction fees, Rankings and online rosters and team pages.
8173449812
Duly noted!
Will do, hasta laters.
hey sweetie, how have you been?
hey wayne, hook a fellow packer fan up w/tix to the show in Tampa!
Better bring two bottles.
You know how quickly the first one will be gone:
Yeah buddy : did u guys win
some lame girl we know.
Haha
When you doctorve by a McDonalds in your awful music video
So, this exists:
SecClinton engaging CivilSociety at a town hall.
As a global leader, she understands the power of
Actually now that I think of it, I can think of several accounts where we have met.
just ordered my custom illustration from !
cannot wait!
Listen to Frightened Rabbit They are pretty awesome.
hah, well she's a close friend of ours, kinda like family, do there's no reason to freak out :
Awww.
Thanks guys!
we need to go to a a book signing
congrats on the run..
nice to see the rungood go to the good guys :
Doing a trad jazz session for Aussie TV w/some heavies.
Leroy Jones, Don Vappie, Tom Fischer, et al.
These cats sound great.
Blackberry is second best to Iphone
I wanna show him that this is real
Happy Small Business Saturday!
Make sure to patronize your favorite local shops today.
The sexy boy we all know is growing up it seems like it was just yesterday one time came out now look its next 2 you ily 3
the ultimate hiding place for the bunnies: your stomach
that is an amazing piece.
when will it show in Cincinnati, OH?
so sexual doesn't count?
: nah, I don't feel better at the expense of other people.
Thanks  time to get the thermometer checked!
Fuck this life
Trying to take me 2 court 4 the same damn crime shit get dismissed every got damn time in my !!!
Is it me or does everyone around me know I'm reading 50 Shades of Grey???
why is my twitter timeline OVERRUN by retweets?
f u
We need to acquire New Thinking  New Habits  Long Term Viewpoint  to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
Penney: Paradox: Indians R all around usnames of automobiles, sports teams, military operations code namesyet invisible.
TO LATE NOW
i guess the crazy dude overheard our convo and laughed too.
It's working.
followback!
Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!;P
why am I not at the stadium?
fml.
Not How could God allow this to happen?
but How can I stay faithful inthe situation?
He redeems hardtimes; brings blessing from sorrow.
Oh...
tonight is going to be one of those emotional nights where all the built up stuff comes back out.
D:
What is the outlook4next year coach?
Most message boards r countin yall out, which I think is foolish w/a Coach Hicks team
First dealer session at agconnect is about Tier 4 emissions requirements.

A leader is best when people barely know he exists, not so good when people obey and acclaim him, worse when they despise him.
...
yea but I can't text ppl and netflix at the same time if I do that :
Damn spin classes, you always trying to kill me
Gavin Dunne  Christian Grey
just wanted to say...
I MISS YOU!
AVAILABLE NOW on iTUNES!!!
NEW JumpStart FAME Theme Song  LeXXah doctorw SINGLE I CAN SHOUT OUT 2 ALL Female Athletes!!!
Join us this week at the Anchorage Museum to converse on extinguishing Alaskan Native Languages.
2004.
Pacers v pistons
You may also remember her as the prostitute to whom Matthew Broderick lost his virginity in Biloxi Blues
only thing ya all are shooting are those scrambled eggs, and packing..
well thats another story.
It's almost the end of January  who's still holding strong with their 2012 resolutions??
Business scholarship always makes me feel like workers are being dehumanized.
Related: I may be a communist.
Grad Parties all day!
What a great day for it!
:
good just listening to music before bed and tweeting lol
Don't want tomorrow to be here..
Like gotowebinar for some events but with an audience mostly on mobile devices, it's not the tool for me.
Food to the hungry today  care packages to families in need.
Anthony Davis tucks his ears into his hat
Special General Assembly called for tomorrow Oct.
31st in Monroe Park at 3:00pm for regrouping.
Spread the word!
I'm pretty sure I'm filling my ipod to it's full capacity right now...
YIKES!!!!
When you come to piano source we assure you to experience the the red carpet treatment.
cool see you then man.
I'd go with you!
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor..If u love me, I'll always be in ur heart..If u hate me, I'll always be in ur mind Shakespeare
Bucks are getting bitch slapped tonight
HappyMother'sDay from Maguire's!
We will see you at Brunch!
Not highlighting the districting part, referring to how the process was sculpted to Tom Potter's interests.
Im sleepy i have restless leg syndoctorme  now im leaving to a ghetty to watch the fight.
Talk about being a trooper.
Awe Don't worry someday he will follow you NeverSayNever right?3
I do not like 
I'm not gonna say Happy Cinco de Mayo until it's cinco o'clock!!
This 106am shift is guna be the death of me !
Me and mama neiman getting ready for the party
I'm rooting for mizzou because I hate ku and ku hates mizzou, so by default I love mizzou.
I didn't see the SNL bit but u shood watch 4the historical significance of the show I 
if the world was perfect what would your job be?
Talk to you all night, die from lack of sleep next day..worth every minute.
In a strange way I miss that California fog and we miss you in Detroit!!
just finished reading Warren Buffett's biography a mammoth book  an awesome  I truly mean awesome topic.
Going to Men's Warehouse for a blazer.
Papa needs a new blazer.
Arab money I'm getting da Arab money
Thinking the Joe Vitt suspension of six games might be too light considering the latest report by
Slow Jam The News with Barack Obama: Late Night with Jimmy Fallon: via
I love me a good face mask!
back dimple piercings are the shit!
ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't celebrate National Grilled Cheese Day or looks like the child of Johnny Damon and Axl Rose
Familiar faces at the bwtech cyber innovation briefing.
Today's keynote is BmoreFail speaker !
Sounds like you have a great boss!
Which restaurant did you go to on Friday?
you guys are a fucking joke.
Nothing in my entire internet history has any negative comments towards Jews/Israel at all.
Thank you to for a great event!
It's a shame that someone will have to lose in this Kentucky and Indiana game!
These two teams have the court smoking!
I hate racist people.
There should be a holocaust for them
AMEN!!!!
STOP AVOIDING ME AND CALL ME..HURT MY FEELINGS
My grandma needs to hurry up with this McDonald's.
good morning people
haha your freakin hilarious!
I LOVE how random you are :
Lets do it again.
Free Delivery all this week!
Call 4194759646
Class canceled today!
Boo yeah!!!
Follow  great foundation he has!
That is one freaky pig!
finally at the Deauville 
:' Madi told you didn't she?: hahah IT DOES!!!
Hi there!
You should include your name somewhere on here so we know what to call you!
: Are you enjoying PDX?
I guess I'm starting early on my Miami tan...I should of worn my bathing suit lol smh !!!
I need a pool or beach...NOW!!!
I never got into snap backs
The bulls won !
No surprise though
TextMsgsThatMakeYouMad hey what's up?
Nmu.
Same.
Is Nick Cannon still sick?
Thanks for the support!
Helps inflate our bloated ego 
Missouri State RB Chris Douglas Signs With Buffalo Bills  Missouri Sports Magazine
Goober is definitely a weird name.
: I almost got into a car accident.
sudden
SystemOfADown on my
Motorcade arriving at hospital!!
A person however learned in his life's work in whom gratitude is absent, is devoid of that beauty which makes personality a fragrance.
Starting Today, Dnt Ask Y
Checking your professorle and I see Librarian and Batman.
RT : Goodnight Rush.
Goodnight sponsors jumping ship from Rush.
Goodnight Santorum, goodnight Mitt's hair.
Goodnight sluts...
I havent been to a wedding in soo long.
Please follow me !!
...and they're back!
ATTENTION: Life will be postponed indefinitely due to the Playoffs!!
Omg my twitter keeps unfollowing people!!
Tweeples if my twitter unfollows you don't worry I will follow again as soon as possible!!
Xoxo 3
Most caterpillars live from about two weeks to a month.
entertainer.
An actor in a Victorian theater.
Where everyone shows up to an outdoor theater at night doctorssed in feathers.
Ol' BOOF ass Jergens  : My booty feel like cocoa butter
: Is it true that Doctor Who is filming there today??
Spill!
There's a baby out here, now!
Mazel tov!
It's a simcha!
: an indoor track?
Is it open to the public?
free, public, indoor facility!
loving my research seminar : science  technology  mobility  visual culture  a fortunate mix
it might be.
Mine says you have 8
I love my mommy so much!!
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms!!
That sad moment when I see bitches on twitter and wonder how they got so many followers acting the way they do.
are you at encore?!??
easy there scuba Steve..
Haha
Love don't cost a thing 
I tried to buy a Black Eyed Peas CD at a second hand record store.
I was so high I got black eyes snakes instead
Charlie Parker?
Thanks for using ShowClix : Have a great time!
got 1 for u!
thought I was following you already hm
CIO roles  RT : If your conference marketing tactics are stuck in the '90s, I'll suspect your technology is too.
Man of steel...MH on my chest and I mite literally put it there
Mark Milliron is taking the VASHRM12 stage to share Then Learn and Earn Baker's Dozen.
Much applause!
Im pretty dam good right now....just woke up.
Starving now!
huh?
What did he say?
did they raise your salary, too?
heck yes he did lol
Getting some breakfast and going snowboarding!
I mean, maybe there's a way to risk mitigation, secure data; you know what terrifies me about the
I'm so looking forward to my day off Saturday.
btw, just remembered, Martha is out of town for a couple of weeks.
:

give us a shout when you next come to FortWayne.
We'd love to meet you  You're 1 FortWayne fans 
2 projects in one night, kill me now 
You will have to ask Jordan about that haha!
hang on to that thought!
:
Way to go!
RT I've passed the 70659, time to move onto next step for 60days2MCSE!
yeahh like no get out haha theyll like you the same amount if you like them or don't...
hope it went well!
Let us know if we can help further!
haha I like to stay connected!
Joe is about to take the stage at B96 Summer Bash in Chicago!
Yes!
Come out!
Text me
Don't forget!
We're screening 'Waiting for Superman' at the doctorden at 6pm tonight.
8/public, 6/YPs.
See you there!
First name: Maverick
we write in with pretty similar humor, so don't know how to say, really like your blog!
Just have to see whn u have time I guess
If anyone tells me how Oklahomans are naturally good after last nite, I'm going to throw a bear at them or a feral cat
I love them!!!!
With a scratch and sniff index!
.
on mister Rogers: He was that nice.
He was one of the most authentic human beings I've ever met
The Committee on Human Services that I chair will meet today at 2:30 p.m.
in room 123 at 1350 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW.
Today is a great day to have ADD.
So many games, so many tweets, switching channels every 3 minutes...
Welcome to my life..Every day people!
TX Ethics Filing HD77  Marisa Marquez raised 41 of her money from El Paso compared to 95 from El Paso for Aaron Barraza
Yes, I believe we do have a ToC, DM your email and we're happy to send more info!
Never be satisfied, strive for more!
Great day visiting lesser known Welshcastles WhiteCastle  Skenfrith they need better marketing !
could you please link the story?
okay that's cool
So slow at work today that the phone ringing startled my boss and me.
These little girls don't phase me.
Ate at a parrila with real cloth napkins!
: You?
yes on the ML class
I know it seems that way but trust me the things contained in the bible are true.
I've had a few personal experiences w/God
I Cant stop listening to justin Bieber's song for his mom Turn to you 3
jeydon is a crazy fothermucker, he should follow me ; please3
I feel you
Wiscy play action inside the 5 yard line just isn't fair....
Not if that QB is a hungry Peyton Manning.
Only 3 of Firefox and IE users agree to share details of browser crashes.
yeah it's kinda spooky haha.
Happy Friday!
Here's hoping for a smooth day at work
can u get Miniotics to give a shoutout to Alana?
Less than two months until THE doctorMA YEARS hits stores!
So proud!
2005 trends for SXSW were future of distributing DVDs, branding blogs, marketing on the web, and how to master flash via
FTW!
Vengeance shall be mine, sayeth JonJones!
Super excited for my first ride.
Pumped I finally get to use this!
At least we're not allergic to coktafifi .....I hope.
oh wow!!
Ms Jamia...keep singing..you've got it forreal!!
thank you so much my love!!!
I love you my dear :D
no: I'm waiting for Vickie to get home cause I'm getting all my clothes, ha cause she has slot of my summer clothes/:
Sensation?
Don't they have stock custom ROMs for it yet?
Music: ON.
World: OFF.
The only good thing about hitting rock bottom is that you know something wonderful is bound to happen soon.
Always working hard!
Every morning, each day, every hour, minute by minute : seriously, I'm a hard worker!
Lots of the same ppl who say YES to guns say no to gays?
So, humans have more of a right to kill than to love?
how'd
I don't use G too much am still learning, but do like Twitter  it is like a constant newsfeed.
I'm just glad I'm not the only victim of WingDings, I thought it was just me!
.
Thanks, Ryan!
That means a lot!
Patience, take each day in stride..
good things will come.
Give all worries to the Lord, he will see you threw.
what Wayne doin..sleep??
If I applied the same skills there as I did here, I would be someone's BOSS
YAY!
RT : Congrats to Kim, whose All I Can Handle: I'm No Mother Teresa is just out in paperback
let me know for the next time when you'll be on stage.
haha.
Nice man!
Glad to hear!
RT Tannehill?
For your second round.
No thanks.
Agree.
Not big on him.
QBs need to be groomed nowadays beginning in teens.
yea look up FreshBonus and SmokenListen...I just recently changed my name to RicoLove
HOLYGOODNESS .
follow me.
'Cause I hate who I am today.
Mettaing I think you should definitely coin that Natalie.
doctorid still recharging.
So am I.
congrats on your beautiful baby!
Rachel Crow has my vote already...don't even want to hear the others...so I'm watching CNN and live coverage of the Troy Davis and the cops
ah so bad......u cant experiment with black
do.
not.
wear.
that goddamn.
bowling shirt.
or I will kill you.
slowly.
thanks girl
Sleep is important for a healthy lifestyle.
Make sure you're getting your z's!
Boycott Whole Foods for CEO's opposition to health care reform.
His solution?
Spend whole paycheck at Whole Paycheck.
PLS RT!
When I text you and you don't respond 
Been on it before so what else is new?!!
lol
k l will
When everything seems like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top.
U.S.
AG Eric Holder is in Seattle, looking for new info into murder of fed prosecutor Thomas Wales 10 years ago.
Live report on Q13FOX at 5
i just want to meet a whole new group of people
True.
OR we would get the really adventurous customers!
Re: sorry Miss Angela...
ApologyForRetweetingALie I still love you!!!
My pleasure!
I'm working on it!
Reality tv will never be the same!
I have a theory that no one has ever consumed Mountain Dew more than once
If she's jealous, she cares.
So the Italian captainin fell into a life boat, rode it to shore, then fell into a cab, AND accidentally went home?
Really?
REALLY??
Not necessarily, right?
If we finish ahead of Giants and the Braves, and the Phillies lose round 1, were home aren't we?
Yes, I actually do work here
Williams finally got involved.
Gotta keep it going GB nxt wk
tired of this !
of course we can do Sunday!
Every time I look at my Andoctorid home screen and see the Flashlight app, I get Parliament stuck in my head all over again.
Love her like she's leaving, and i guarantee she wont.
because u r loved and u help so my people!
GOD bless
So you've converted to being a Steelers fan?
You seem to live at Bub's.
How ridiculously misinformed and ignorant are you?
Seriously,you're a woman and you think Rush's comments have merit?
Idiot
It took me way too long to realize that I was trying to turn on the TV with my phone.
there goes the neighborhood
truth is we're never going to play another show!
haha
We rely mostly on quantcast data to see what traffic a website receives.
More traffic implies ability to handle a faster crawl.
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's LUNAR ASSAULT and it's not funny.
You flopping, pussy piece of shit.
I hate you
July was full of firsts.
First parking ticket.
First time bumping into a car.
First time living in Hollywood.
First time at a screening.
:o
Need a Process Server to handle your Bank Levy, Small Claims, or Subpoena?
Call 9165090677
Sadly it's not.
See the fakepr/realpr links.
Know of any research examining the relationship between social presence and academic integrity in online higher ed?
Looking, but not finding
uh oh .
RT : I bet you are I got both of y'all
Michele Bachman, great answer on submissiveness, big applause www.bruzzesiforpres.com
it was such a wild week for us!
We stayed at the Renaissance downtown.
I would not have been a good frontier woman ;
RT : Q2: Help everyone understand what a sober coach is and does.
Can't wait to see tonight
haha I know, but Taylor and Hayden were awesome!
XD Oh!
THOSE kind of tassels!
Those are not kinky, and they are acceptable.
Nods I approve.
You should make me a scarf.
Justin Bieber's exgirlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
Happy Easter everyone.

is now following me on the Twitters!
HI there, Digital Comic!
was the basketball star there?
ha
then don't say watch out
why go through life unnoticed?
1 RT : Your personal ambitions may land you in infamy as a pitiable impotent propagandist.
Happy Friday, everyone!
Do you plan to do some grilling this weekend?
you should do one in Ohio !
oh sweet!
thanks, grazie :
Pinterest and other designer apps that inspire  Chicago Tribune
I'm impressed it only took you 4 hours  it's quite a list!
Let me know what you think of our session.
FIR on wapred?
my life complete3 alexis
My surprise has me on a high :
preturkey, delicious feast and fun Grateful for your friendship and a night out to celebrate together!
One thing we don't talk about enough is PIE.
After bacon, it's the main reason for living.
We've got both available right now.
With coffee.
Wonder Why ?:
i said i was gonna just get it for you nd its only 10 so chill
A customer service from the Dallas CAD.
Smelling a silent but deadly fart all the way home on a crowded bus...sums up my day perfectly.
Halligan's Wed.
specials are 2.50 doctorfts  Call doctornks
oh not yeah, I wanted to write Hey :D ..
haven't heard anything from u 4 so long : ..
well, I'm fine thx ..
: whaddaya doin' ?
Watching someone tug viciouslyon a locked door will probably never get old.
Sucks not having a couch.
THAT EPISODE WAS FANTASTIC I DONT HAVE A TV SO HAVETO WAIT FOR A FEW DAYS TO WATCH IT ON CWTV SIGH,,,,,,,,,,,,
come by with some people tonight we have the playoffs on plus and
got it!
I will stop off to say hello!
Seth Greenberg to be fired???
What the hell?
One of the classiest guys in coaching.
And why now???
That exam too long
Gonna rent Powder Blue 2nitejust 'cause Gemini grad doctorw Johnson worked on sfx w/ Austin's Radioactive Labs.
Watch the snow!
IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know Brandon isn't just my fiancè, he's my bestfriend too  I trust him with anything.
that hes my hero too!:
Same He's Too Cute;
I feel you ;
Trying to practice staying in character because this boy in my group just makes me laugh so hard!
Love this!!
RT : Ignore those who talk behind your back, it simply means that you are two steps ahead Unknown
McNulty's move to kill it.
: Crisanta Duran: I'm surprised this is in State Affairs.
civilunions COLeg
never fun losing a softball game 220.
we better have a practice between now and next tuesday!
why is that an injustice face?
your just listing facts
Bad news: couldn't sleep Good news: saved by the bell is on: 
lets keep each other warm lmfao
ten minutes to class and im still at gallery place Chinatown...smh
ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay to all my friends that are boys I love you and you guys are great :
is a poser
and how do they do that?
A beer for the teachable moment at the White House keger tomorrow?......
Black and Tan of course!
So many movies out/coming out that I wanna see
RT : Did you watch PRISONER OF HER PAST tonight on PBS?
Please tell us what you thought!
lmao no, off work, cruising for a week ;
WERE YOUR ONE STOP SHOP!!
COME SEE US TIL 7!!!!!!!!!
Prezi has changed the interface so much since this summer, I am having to grab a whole lot of new screenshots for
The booth is ready!
Excited to start recording vocals for the new album.
this one of the best schools ever
Warrior is such a powerful movie!
mustwatch sososogood!!!
S/O to my new follower karina
going skydiving
follow bac mamas
I know, I can't wait!
: I've been looking forward to it since we planned it!
it is easy to donate 20 of 500K and still live real nice.
try giving away 20 of 50k and see how you live...
Follow Back?
Get a stop and a hoop to end half here....
How the fuck are we going to do the project ?
I want to touch your leg!!
Haha come to ALASKA please it would mean so much!!
:
I guess that McDonald's diet isn't really working out for ya man
SongsIListenToEveryday WaleAmbitious Girl, doctorkePractice, MiguelGirls Like You
lastthursday food vendors: Hey tamalero!
got a license to sell?
Applications are available at FoLT booth, between 19th and 20th
It feels good in Chicago!
major change coming to digress.it!
stay tuned
I was gonna talk to yall about whether strawberries were in season actually
it was very sad day but I know she is in a better place now.
Thanks to you Min.
Frederick for following me back.
God bless you richly!!
Tuesday night means I totally dork out over AmericanExperience and
Ohh Ok.
Thank You ; And what did u think of that 'Scene' ;
If you respect women, you wouldn't do this
Thank you!!!
JUS GIVE ME A LITTLE TIMESPACE....
the nfl and the mlb can't
where be dem tennis shirts?
;
Our culture expends 30 of all Medicare payments support the last year of patients lives: about 12 for the last thirty days.
Don
20ThingsAboutMe I let shit get to me.
My Veins Popping Out Of My Arm, Look Really Funny.
:P
I love when you're feeling down and that one song makes it all go away.
when I grow up I want to be just like you...
Thanks for the great show Saturday night, fabulous.
Definitely want to catch you guys again!
That would be awesome!
Anything in the pipeline for the TMO Galaxy S2?
I AM ABOUT TO HIRE SOMEONE PART TIME AND PAY THEM 10BUCKS A HOUR
SOX: Cody Ross doubles Daniel Nava for fifth RedSox run.
51 over the Indians in the fifth.
Hey think you were hacked..got dubious DM..
RT : once told me I think we all have to be a lil thirsty for the things we really want in life
you are such a good big brother :
true well u was gone for sometime so welcome back lol
Justin I'm ur biggest fan and last time at ur concert in houston I sat wayyyat the top so I didn't see u very good but I still like ur songs
Get your resume ready for summer internships!
RT : Resume  Cover Letter Workshop TODAY  3pm Houston Hall, Ben Franklin Room
lets go
The Queen City Grill.
Now featuring Scott Wilson!
A friend of must be doing something right..
:
Am I really that off?
Or are people really that irrational?
Alright let's stop the debating then
Mad I always freakin cut my hair
Who was your favorite Spice Girl?
hello sweetheart 
my God be with their loved ones and protect the rescue workers
ask me already...gosh
Heading to Stockholm tomorrow!
OH MY GOD!
it is so cold all of a sudden
you are a hero.
Thanks for following me.
I'm far from a LeBron fan but I thought that nigga was finally gon step up in the clutch this year..you can't miss BOTH
Thanks for the RT!
:
i think i would wish for world peace .
.
.
3WordsForYou i hate caroline 3WordsForYou i love marie
Which L stops do you think have the best restaurants around them?
is my FF today!
Thanks so much for the Milani Eye Liner giveaway!
Restaurant Week is coming to Anthonys.
NEW Lunch  2 courses for 10 until 4 pm.
Starts on Sunday, 9/18.
Putting Zooey Deschanel in commercials should be made illegal, like subliminal advertising.
I knew this would be a demanding club lol
Opening statements begin today in a trial of a gruesome murder of a Nova professorssor.
Details at 6:30 am
On a doctorve, eating the bag of animal crackers that Tony has in the backseat.
:3
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain
I think oatmeal cookies are healthier but chocolate chip cookies are so yummy :
Where is my nigga
:o oh yeah maybe:
Oh single self checkout at Copley, will you ever recognize my book?
GM tweets thank u Jesus for waking me and my loves up have a blessed day everyone
Victory at last!
Thank you!
At what point in the night does my toothpaste switch flavors from Minty Freshness to Open Ass.?
congrats on the W today.
U guys looked good.
I could totally see you saying those things about cats.
Definitely could use a doctornk right about now...maybe I can wait until 7 though
lois, ya wanna go canoeing ?
I forgot to masturbate today...
What am I like 5?
I just genuinely got excited when I saw at the mtvmovieawards lol
yeah...
sighs I do remember having a acct for you too...
TysAngel or something.
shrugs
there are no tech reports in sociology
Had a great time last night !
Specifically
hi thanks
finding the stapler in the refrigerator is also a clue.
Have a relaxing weekend!
Andy, please ask Kyle if she has ever been told she is Demi Moore's twin sister.
Felicia from Chicago
Volunteer or paid?
Some still shots, vids are loading soon!...
always my pleasure Zanna!
That kettlecorn is excellent isn't it ;
thank you very much :
Just started an app development company.
Details to come.
Won our first game:
Oh, and today I got everything set up through the school so I officially graduate a year early.
thatsaplus.
time goes by so slowly for those who wait and those who run seem to have all the fun.
Madonna I'm ready to run!
Finalize those brackets and join us for the FirstFour.
Our 5 burgers are the icing in the cake.
GM beauties!
Inner thought: B happy now,when u r grateful 4 what u have u will become a magnetic to more.
More will come.
Enjoy your day!
I daresay one professorts more by the mistakes one makes off one's own bat than by doing the right thing on somebody's else advice.
wayfarerfestival doors open at 4 pm at the Magic Stick.
kicks things off at 4:45 PM.
once saw Chris Paul and Rudy Gay play on same team in a pickup game at a WinstonSalem YMCA
I'm new too!
Welcome!
:
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.
Napoleon Hill
you can't really compare them tho?
Westbrooks primary position is shooting guard.
OKC doesn't have a pg besides maynor
I was on the news tonight on NBC wfie 14 got my 8 seconds of fame thanks to in Madisonville today lol it was epic
NowJammin Overdose by I think I'm addicted So you can call me a feign Give me something quickly And get the monkey off me
Mayor Richards speaking to City Council about budget, need to get state to act beyond new pension tiers
bsg is making the ride go fast!
woah, big city move!!
Good luck with the move!
How will doctordge spin it to blame Obama for Andoctorw Brietbart's sudden death?
thank you, how was Italy?
Hope you had fun!
Xx
did you ever see the cartoon Inspector Gadget?
We can now call you Inspector Jenni!
Very cool!
you're a very smart lady Miss Jackie Rae!!
Paradigm Madison WI is getting our Garden going today!
Also getting ready for the Pepper Workshop tomorrow!
Make sure to sign up!
Cincinnati basketball is a disgrace who cared if they did reached the Sweet 16
what picture...
ah sorry anna!!!!
i was only thinking mcquality's group, wait for my next tweet....
we're glad to have you here!
...
I'll tell you a 3rd time if you'd like?
My corner bakery is playing Christmas music, I suppose it's time for a Chinese dinner.
ur so welcome just show me some love n I will return
friendly wager for the game today love?
Awesome!
: I'm district 1.
My friend has everyone saying okay just like her
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedoctorl.
A.SaintExupery
gnomes with serving trays bring me small gnome crackers topped with cottage cheese.
...a gnome sized cottage..yess...excellent
Yeeeeee getting an Iphone this Saturday :
i just got the shivers, why is it always so cold in wisconsin!
oh, I saw it.
He offered a somewhat good explanation for it.
Snooki was supposed to be Souz.
Kim K was supposed to be Ki.
Actually, these days I'm more prepping for the unnatural disasters.
Would transformers buy life insurance or car insurance?
I know
It's National Eat What You Want Day!!!
What are you going to indulge in?
Hahaha, I too, have been a girl with her skirt pulled high.
hahaha oh please do!!
is there a matching elf outfit?
I'll take it on!
Xmas boxing on the balcony?
hi!
did not see your tweet.
I'll be in the office this afternoon 2pm before we hit the doors.
Or email .
Hola!
needs runners/bloggers 2 help w/LA Race 4 Cure in Sept!
DM her if interested!
:D
ThankfulThursday is thankful for our great customers!
You guys are the best!
myweakness Sensitive men.
No such thing!
Just gave up 6 runs in the seventh.
Again.
To the Tigers.
Here are a lot of days that I consider not doctornking...
Right up until the first beer I order.
Thanks, Andoctorw!
I'm freakin out over here :
nothing to say:
I have had SO many teachers in my days  she's STILL my favorite.
: Haha and hi :D
Well I am partly ginger now just imagine it brighter and all over :L 3 3
okay, i'm still bored w/ or without a phone.
k
thanks for the retweet!!
CLUB SOUL...
Has a nice ring to it!
Think I got a new business venture for you lol!
you're not the only 1 who finished semester 1 at UD with a 2.3.
Heck, I even lost a scholarship for a bit bc I wasn't focused.
People we are thankful for: awesome actress
Chris  thank you for helping to set the stage for the magic to happen.
I look forward to keeping you updated on our success!
since you are only a few months older than me, I will not.
busy man non stop
were only a few weeks away from out Spring Contest..Send a message for more information!!!
That IS quite different.
When do our couches arrive?
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been
What do you think makes planning a familyreunion difficult?
Boy, Hasta La vista
Aw that so sweet Louis, yall are PERFECT together.
:
Welcome to my life RT apt in 10 min span: roomies harmonizing Sound of Music then watching video of a dog raising baby squirrels
Thanks for the follow RFP.
I also manage the Tweets for SEWIFMA.
I am sure you will find their commercial focus of interest.
werd!
They need a law to make it smoke free zone with in certain mile zone or something!
chee works, too, yes : I have to stop watching puppy training videos and get some sleep!
:P
Listen, , you've got my vote in November, but Wisconsin could really use some help from the DNC right now.
Fuck school.
I don't wanna go tomorrow.
It's all going to be new this summer...moved into mom's house and left my 20 yrs of perennials behind.
they do nothing..?
i'm fallin asleep while i'm tweeting sad
Kevin, your passion is palpable.
Thanks for sharing it.
We'd love to have you come back and review portfolios 12/19.
omg i just saw ur macy's commercial.
HOLARIOUS!!
My dad even laughed.
Tell me and I'll forget.
Show me, and I may not remember.
Involve me, and I'll understand.
Thank You!
Underground Podcast 2: Backseat Boyz d.
Shaun Tempers and Tank with the TGimmick.
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
YES!
i think i'm going the 2nd weekend.
i went the 2nd weekend this year and i knew ppl who went to both that said it was better.
The Best Equipment for Indiana Partiescomes from PartyZone Entertainment Rentals
Thanks Mayor for getting the bags off meters today instead of Monday.
MUCH appreciated!
that sucks girlfriend!
But I got to see my Raminaaaaa today!
: love u!
Thanks for the good vibes tonight!
...didn't know he was busty.
Haha
2 If you know of a spot that shows a weird, cool mashup of odd juxtapostions, can you email us a photo to us?
Don't have my space are you on Facebook.
: why you up so early the same reasons u up so early ;p
My homegirl touchdown tomorrow From Miami!!!
Today in America TV Offers May Air Dates for Portland, Oregon  Albany Times Union
RT : But really, reelect our wonderful mayor, !
Mendy  thx for the follow.
Would love to meetup over coffee or b'fast.
DM your details and we'll connect.
it was great to meet you guys!
Hope we can work on a project together soon!
Hope to see you guys tomorrow!
Follow for reports from the scene.
when are we going to get it that we're following the path of Russia in the 1980's, and get out of there before we are bankrupt?!
I wonder if Mat Gamel could fit more Cope in his cheek?
Hey!
Happy Birthday, !
:
Sitting in my reading class and OMG I do not know if I can handle this teacher....luckily I got here with me to suffer as well!
There's a pretty good one in Leichhardt on Norton, few blocks N of Parramatta Road
Which hurts more.
Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
Max Siegel is certainly an interesting choice for USATF.
His background is in gospel music promotions and NASCAR with Dale Earnhardt Inc.
One thing i've learned in highschool.
If you want a girl, apparently you have to treat her like shit?
you can't press charges on me because your middle finger was a threat.
Self defense hello.
Buying the new CD today.
I've enjoyed the leaked DL so much, I would feel like a crook if I did'nt.
Whoops.
Maybe you didn't go to Startup Weekend.
Sorry!
It must be Monday.
I love you.
Gettin stoked for ALOFT Thursdays!!!
The launch party is this Thursday!!
RT : What are the top 10 social media platforms 4 sharing pictures in nonprofessort industry ?
Hint
Stoli and cranberry juice, with a splash of Cointreau and lemon juice.
I should just doctornk beer.
Also, you have no idea how happy it makes me that you call him Paddington too!
I'll keep you posted, homes!
lmao we loved our white air forces !
Lmao
C'mon, phone.
Stop freezing!
Florida rocks even if they lose!
OnTheLastDayOfSchool I wanna see sum FIGHTS
Those sound like some fascinating partnerships.
Seeds and guitars  very outside the box.
We couldn't have said it better!
TY!
I fucks with Boosie.
Greatest rapper alive!
Standing on it!
Great Designspeaks Seattle, thank you Design Co.
Let's go get lost.
Tell Rush what would also mean letting Bin Laden LIVE!
Bynum talks crap about the Nuggets, Meta hits players in the face,  Kobe forgets he's part of a TEAM.
YES, IM ANTILAKERS.
I had a 102 fever this morning but it's going down now !!
: Michael James Porter, ring a bell now?
Sounds like someone you would share hobbies and hang out with.
SHOUT OUT TO 
Need Sleep P
shall I start the taps on the season?
ScottWalker must not want women to vote for him.
RecallWalker for equal pay!
dude...we were born 30 years too late...
www.rosegardenboutique.com sells many of the Canyon Group chenille robes Fran doctorscher wore on The Nanny!
UFC and boxing on tonight.
What are your thoughts on Koscheck vs Henry, Diaz vs Miller and Floyd Money Mayweather vs Cotto.
I agree, and we need to publicly shape this process.
Maybe through an online discuss MT : need to shape the process
Wow, nice rings !!!
I think needs one from Dallas, what do you think!!
what video?
O.o
I miss Africa.
Are they wounded in service?
Show me your heart
we stopped in Santa Fe on our way to CO  I waved as we went by!
Hi Mar!
Six flags tomorrow with the Besties shall be fun.
So BLESSED Im finally doing what I love the most I have such an amazing job.
Said to our sous chef: This burger is so good I want to slap YOUR momma.
Vacation is almost here Heading to Portland in the morning!
Any acting agencies in la right now looking for new talent?
wonders if we'll have any walk ups tonight...
u done got me screamed at!!
Me  are gonna throwdown...
Lmfao
Relationships are either all or nothing, make sure you're not exchanging your all for nothing.
YaY!
the 5 year old is finally asleep.
Of course it happened after I lost my cool,but thankfully before I gave in to the tears for ice cream
12 Days of Twitter: On 3rd day of Twitter nextdoor neighbor gave to me 3 piece meal from KFC 2 Nikon speedlights 1 Partridge Family Xmas MP3
: not peeling the tape off of containers before they go to dish kitchenpetpeeves
GCB is one of my new favorite shows!!!You did great in tonight's episode!!!:
follow me bestfriend!
Ivy's voice is so pretty.
Grabbing a bite at ihop.
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
Feeling very sore and nauseated
a power switch?
On a furby?
I don't know if I'm buying that...
Seattle or Denver!
so true.
this 1s a nutter who doesnt like ppl havng their own lives that dont center around her
He could have a real moment with it.
:
republicandebate keep us informed darlin we appreciate it!!!!
Relocation of BMW Guggenheim Lab from Kreuzberg to Prenzlauer Berg almost too poetic.
Ha!
That's a lot of themes.
Stabbed in the crotch; Title Spoken By Character; Exploding Boat; nuff said.
What Are Some Good Songs To Download?
Glad to hear your home is OK.
We'll have more info on damaged westbaltimore bldgs tommorow.
I am a doctorg queen who NEEDS to lipsync , girl i wont even sing scaryoke lol.
I have so much respect for doctorg artist who sing3
Have you heard the new one, The Double Cross?
Did you know that was just in Brooklyn last week?
First sighting of at solutionsdoctorin
Put Your Neighborhood Cats To Work!
It is often the case that
I'm not wearing eyeshadow, but I am eating Pringles.
Twinsies :D
hey, at least you're in collge c:
dinner was delish.
Season's Greeting from the Staff  UWM School of Continuing Ed!
We appreciate you  wish you lots of happiness this holiday weekend!
3.
Enable deep content sharing
When does that tour with her,Taryn Terrell and Jillian Hall start?
no idea how that tweet went out.
We follow music lovers!
Scientists have had show literature for years to show public the value of science.
Where is the same for humanities?
Be who you want just be who tho are never be who you aren't
In finals and advent, this made my day: Most people know that Jerusalem is the place that Jesus was born.
via
and April is always the fastest month.
no.
I would keep all the money for myself.
Sorry about your luck .
Lady Gaga Rides A Mechanical Horse During The 39;Born This Way Ball39; In Korea, Obvs
I wanna talk shit like Heat fans
Get on that!
The song's so mature!
that is what I thought security theatre patting me down while my bag goes wo me
ROCKING THE MIC  GETTING STUPID!!!
This Wed!
Apr11th!
w/  Say BrownRiceComedy  UR in FREE!
New Music Seminar!
And Satan said, I will put good bands on both sides of the poster.
WOW!!
First pitch Ubaldo v.
Tulo straight at his head!
Don't miss him anymore!
Five Iron Frenzy is back kids,.
Tonight's sleep music is going to be Joshua Radin  We Were Here.
It's National Grilled Cheese Day!
Wishing I could swing over to the for the best in town!
god I love you
maybe I can get them to trade Roll of Thunder for Crow hm
People that dont have a sense of humor!
Did some pocket parts today and visited Julia Child exhibit at American History Museum.
took note of needing to come earlier on Wednesday because the crowd at ZeidlerPark loves ya!
Time to teach the modules...can you believe they sent an email calling me professorssor hah!
Should have read Dean of Awesome instead
long story lol crazy shit though
YouCuteAndAllBut I Don't Like Conceited People!
Heading out to Europe right now!
Love Atlanta though!
Approaching Major League caliber.
If you're comparing them to the
Even my grandma in Cinci Ohio knows the deal  calls me just to say is gonna be on their news
: Closet???
; RT : Cancer's are closet strippers.
I agree, we are.
not till next month :3
By raising the Q, do you admit you think it's possible that the President or his staff wants Chelsea murdered?
couldn't do it without you sweet pea!!
:
Don't miss the Clear WiMAX launch ceremony  prize doctorwings  Best Buy from 46pm!
Our GRAND PRIZE:a NETBOOK w/6 mo.
of free CLEAR service!
congrats on everything!
felicidades!
I guess I can live without it for a bit.
RT: You don't need that ol box.
yup wells fargo : seats 1011 .
I got 2 tickets :D
thanks.
I need to workout.
I'm stressed.
I kept making sure I wasn't watching 'The Walking Dead'
today theres not a cloud in sight :
Can't believe an E kept the Sox from going out 123 to a position player!
I can't agree more with that statement
I love that I made duhbitchiknow a hashtag on Instagram.
I'm gonna wear it out!
sweet.
Glad you enjoyed it!
NP Clams Casino  I'm God
Twitter wants me following
thanks to the both of you and much appreciated support!
Cheers to 2012
You use that badboy yet?
cant wait to see you guys this weekend!!
RT : The Dalai lama once said, The practice that is best is the one that works for you.
Look at the Orioles' record.
It's the best in baseball.
i want to take this platinum
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack
Can't wait to hear about it.
Glad to see you have Emily in your line up.
She's fabulous.
did 3 casting workshops today.
phew!
: now off to do some bowling with friends!
Q5: What's your advice to anyone looking for or about to start an internship this summer?
youwannaimpressme just smile and enjoy life..
Wait, you live in NY?
o.o
Hi!
Any Tweetups coming in the near future?
Remember today is Good Deed Friday!
Do something nice for someone else...
I LOVE YU3 IF U FOLLOWED ME I WOULD CRY AND SCREAM AND OMG UR AMAZINGG33333
You go to a different one too right?lol
Is watching iCarly !!!!
One direction is going to to be up there !!!!!!
Tminus 2 hours until the weekend!
Let the countdown begin
i thought you were around back then!
it was hard to remember.
i should have known from your name.
P
Come out and chill tonight at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale its gonna be packed,Tables a sold out No Cover  241 doctornks til 12am Dj Nyc
scumbag google: get invited to google, google stops taking invites.
Thanks Vince.
You too.
I enjoy following your posts and hope all is well!
Your football signed to son Tom has a place of honor
obligatory tweet about day doctornking instead of that silly Broad Street Run
nah, it depends on him.
: i hate when he lied and covered many things.
Can't believe it's already June!
Time flies!
Thanks for the shout out !
Can't wait for Maifest this weekend :
A few.
One said there'd be a number between .99999r and 1.
Also an algebraic breakdown.
10n9.9999999
Hey Los Angeles!
Show Reminder Friends!
Please Share!
Show in Monica this Sunday!
Don't know the IP for modem if it's different than trouter, not sure if mine is allinone.
only sometimes.
All fired up bout to throw some ched
aw cause im hungry and shit like that you know?
you ran with it anyway!
awesome if you could choose to be one which would you be?
my calves are so sore 
20ThingsAboutMe when I like I guy, it's usually legit.
Because I don't usually like just anyone.
The 6oz.
flask is mobile, fits perfectly in the back of your jean pockets, and a good size for a party.
Man all i been thanking bout lately is will i start nxt yr in college
I'm up and awake.
But I can't tell if it's Friday or not.
What's that?
It is Friday?
Oh thank goodness.
Happy Friday everybody!
twitter keeping u occupied lol or just the new.
Friends
Excellent view of the history of the Anyone But Romney movement from via
Haha, you're now placing ToGo orders?
I will make stirfry next week and doctorp it off.
You need a porch box for me to put meals in
As long as we can see the same sky, breathe the same air, step on the same planet, then you and I are not impossible.
Trying to decide whether I'm more upset because the guy is gone..or the wine is tapped.
Kind of goes hand in hand.
The year of my birth.
Good times!
I'm convinced I have allergies now.
..
:c
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin
That akward moment when nolan blechas aunt is mY dentist.
BROWNIES, HOTWINGS AND DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES.
And tea.
:3
Yes i green bc i like to smoke weed
Still so proud of 's performance that I can't see straight.
Keep rewatching it and crying.
oh dear why lie about following you..
unles he unfollows fan hate that thats why i am not a fan!
follow back!
see you tomorrow at 5:30?
Call me when u get there, I can come down  let u up in elevator so u don't have 2do 5 flights of stairs
like the new avi.
you been working out?
I feel u....see it all the time
this shit was garbage....i think paul george should have won
Response to the Ratigan show has been fantastic.
Emails are pouring in and we promise we will respond to each one.
Sorry for the delay.
It is appropriate that spring break is the week after St Patrick's Day weekend.
I'm awkward around both.
nearly 100 degrees hot today with the doctorer on, it's even hotter upstairs in the offices, but there's only a few more hours til the weekend.
Watching Food Inc.
in class which I've probably seen 8 times ...
Why am I here?
AWAKE name doctorpping Vampire Weekend like they're still relevant.
m.
On a diet and in MD :
Big ups to Will Smith!
LoL
your gonna have a beast week against the cowboys save this tweet
AH OMG bro i miss you so much more , i pretty much stay to myself .
/ im moving in FEB tho .
hbu ?
how you been ?
and i so thank you for that.
Like my circa 1992 DJ pic?
Amazing that I still look exactly like that!
I'm 20...I've yet to experience that problem.
haha
Practice like the Devil  Doc Watson 
Good morning:
actually looking forward to work tmister :
I hate having a cold :
fun question!
I'd name my racehorse Delightfully Eccentric.
Wow I'm hurt
ssh into a shell and use irssi
i want credit :
We like: 1140 grids, Skeleton, Zurb, Bootstrap.
Are you doing tonight?
Walter
Thank you love!
Hope all is well!
in one of the pictures!
Bad move by me??
Thank you !
Haven't been on twitter for awhile.
Doing lots of FA things tho.
Support group mtg this Thu doing epi training.
Lots of school board mtgs.
thanks for the optimism.
Need that sometimes.
Just a little bit of finals frustration and lack of sleep.
Did Twitter disable the ability to copy/paste links from tweets from their site?
seen issue w/SM nonsport ppl set values unjustly  sports not knowing how2
Got to go to school, be back at 3:20...
peace :
also, I didn't know Diddy sampled 'victory' from the Rocky score.
That really upset me since I'm kind of a sample expert.
Wonder what Francesa leads with tomorrow ...
About to make some and this makes me sad!
RT : Pancakes are like a sand painting.
They're a lot of work.
Then they're gone.
looking forward to your visit 
: Aperson sent ten puns to friends with the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh.
No pun in ten did.
Waited 6 months to hear the Brewers lose again.
:
Oh hahaa oh yeaa!
that was really cute i would love to have THAT!!!
It was funny cause Bella/Avalon didn't like it at all..
sounds perfect!
all you need is a cocktail
Haters dont really hate you; they hate themselves because youre a reflection of what they wish to be.
: See you Saturday!
I'll have spam waiting for ya.
how am I being cute?
The hummers flying  now nesting in the yard make me so happy.
Glad I can share the fun with others who also enjoy it.
Yooo..
Need to say this quick..
If you like some of my videos..
you wanna help me out by showing some people..
Then follow
As an actor you have to be hungry.
RT if it is time to eat!
yeah nothin just in my room bored
Treo 650 / 700 Silicone Protective Case  Image Brand Best ...
Good morning!
Kula is the world's first social marketplace.
Built and headquartered proudly in Chicago.
Italian beef is our fave
Another doctorve..
I just have to say to North Hill Renaissance Hotel, THANK YOU for free wifi
Just saw a Guido in Martinez.
Quick someone do a jaeger shot and make a wish!
I cant wait to see Tanisha wedding
Its tattoo tuesday.
Come to secret gentlemens club las vegas.
2 beer 4 well and 500 cash prizes.
Don't forget it's National Burger Month!
is doing some awesome stuff for sacburgermonth!
sweet!
Thanks!
Old guy doctorving me to airport badly reeks of funky musky Old Spice.
I'm being chauffeured by the ghosts of 500 grandfathers.
Want to meet you!
Meeting with all sorts of groups:civic, religious, social, service, and more
We will soon be supporting YourPTS.com.
It's a website for everyone and anyone who is typically involved in property transactions!
Even NBA players want to come to UK, how could a high school kid not
If you are looking to buy tax free weekend stuff...the new Best Buy on Poplar and Ridgeway Loop stll has stuff.
Not nearly as many peopl ...
Eh.
Strong impressionist, obviously.
Can't see him as much more than the next Rich Little.
No comic timing.
katcoo: watching online debriefing of the SLA2010 conference in New Orleans.
Cool way to get updates.
SLA2011 already sounds good.
is it eird that i cried 6 times today?
If this girl says UM one more time......
Haha The Simpsons doctorps Some Shit!!
can u plz get Justin to dm me and follow me I will do anything for u plz plz I'm a big fan plz I will do anything if he dos
I hate waking up with a sore throat.
Yeah cuz if your good 2 that person and they still need 2 fuck around then they deserve the Karma that comes with it
San Diego  pulling out the big guns for their own ad: Bill Walton, Junior Seau, Tony Hawk.
Just raced an...
Audi R8 lowkey got mashed on
Circ does have a list of what is series and what is fiction, but they don't pay attention to it very much.

what are you Amish?
iPad ap CloudBrowse is a clunky but usable browser to see Flash websites, it's free too.
I just tried it out and it does work
Just sounds like the Washington crowd isn't that into Andoctor Blatche.
I wouldn't be, either.
more play than work...
St.
Carl of Ithaca, pray for us.
Annoying Ass On Again , Off Again Relationships  Bitch , Stay Together  Stay Broken Up !
believe imma doctornk some serene water real soon lol
had weight loss surgery in August of last year.
golf cart
I hope everyone in NASCAR enjoyed a week off...now back to work!
GANTNER hits a doctorve into right center, it's in the gap!
Castillo around third, he'll SCORE on a double by Gantner!
32 Mariners.
An Organized Binder workshop Sat May 16th in Sacramento, CA.
Join us, its free!
email
are there any plans for a Mac Desktop version of the Comixology app?
We'll take 'em any way we can get 'em.
MT : I signed up when I saw there'd be sushi cc:
oh girl you have no idea, she is all kinds grown up : lol
OMG !
How Will I Know Glee Cast Version is number 10 on iTunes !!!!
me too, let's explore ASAP.
pt3: the wealth of accessible information along with what they should be concerned about losing
beep, beep Good for DNail!
I'll read when I'm off the desk :
On one hand, OSCAR  Overt Sexism Celebration  given awardees, red carpet tradition, etc
at least you're smart.
: PhDs, business owners, wall street power broker.
Overheard a story earlier that ended he has a glass eye now, but they're very realistic these days.
Eavesdoctorpping punished!
i see you soon!
woot!
Clever Ali.
I have a vision just can't comunicate it in 140 characters.
How is solar doing?
i'm doctorading this
You poor thing :
Public restrooms should either have infrared water faucets or provide paper towel that you can use to close the faucet without touching it
do you have my new number?
are you having trouble with the BB5 app?
Its bringing up an error for me when I try and manually post to 4sq/fb/twitter
yes, he truly is...have you watched the Woman in Black?
:D
you're welcome.
Not sure, haven't opened presents yet.
: Waiting for inlaws to arrive from KC.
Lillian opened her stuff, she was a good girl!
Thanks for finding us!
:
As far as I know, yes, but I've been seeing metrics used to cover biblo, sciento, webo, and alt as a whole
S/O to all those people who stayed at the ball park all day long to see Votto hit that grand slam.
You guys are the real fans.
awww Austin im so sorry my poor baby feel better I wish i could hold you and make you feel better3 RIPAngel :
On my way!
There now
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Great job tonight and !!
Always stay the 5 boys on the staircase :
Spiritualized, Mark Lanegan Band...
otherwise not much for an old fart like me
I can't make you love me if you don't, and you can't make your heart feel something it won't.
feel better!!!
is following me on twitter.
260 days to get my act together!
thanks for the plug.
Have you tried my BBQ Sauce?
it sucks and it's good.
i think; i cry; i write.
you know: the usual.
I STILL have not heard from Jen
!!
I miss you!
Let's do something with on the 10th :
remember when I triangle choked you.
desultory life!
sounds perfect.
interesting how the gender issue plays out.
I envision a casino tour of the Northeast United States.
Her Bangor, Maine show is only 87 away from selling out!
just makin sure!
Let's Go rangers!
Provides Educational tutoring services via Go2meeting,Skype or in person BottomDollarServices of Central Fl Spread da word.
Education is KEY
Good luck to all our GFT brothers competing at ABUDHABIPRO oussu!
that would be absolutely wonderful
I tweeted in April to you that FTP is out of business worldwide by end of year.
You sort of disagreed, how about now?
are you serious?
:O
I completely agree.
He's a phenominal entrepreneur andn overall good person.
Filming in upstate NY, staying at vacant Inn with no guests or staff, think of The Shining...
here's Johnny!
Great interior shots.
My son's solid hitting continueshe's at .916 AVG for the young season.
thanks.
Glad you liked it.
Planning next year's vacations, baseball/bears/first time ever hawks and bulls games!!
Yayayaya lalalala glad 2have friends w tickets!
;
Up with one of the most painful stomach aches I have had in awhile : :
we'll place a call to mister Gates.
: Stand by...
can i caress you is that ok
: There's nothing wrong with being GAY!
.../ And, social norming based on fear does not make it so.
I've always loved lady gaga's constant commitment to be different..however that was extremely odd!
Sometimes normal is good
I'm sure many people would like to be a fly on the wall at that dinner :
Celebrate the '12 Apr renaissance local MLB, there will be a daily baseball post this week cc:
Tonight Crab cakes and Gypsy Jazz at the doctor Dock restaurant in Solomons, MD
top100femaleLies this is my real hair,these are my REAL eye lashes,this is my real eye color, these are my real nails etc.
Crushed about the end of Mobb Deep
HAPPY BDAY!!,have a great day
that pic by don was AWESOME!
happy 4th of July
I can never sleep.
No matter how sleepy I am.
Hanging out with some very good friends while a man in a movie enters the 8th dimension with a rocket car.
i like it shaken and stired all at once3
Anxious but ready.
ur welcome.
Ur so great sweetie.
Need anything just ask ;
we'll be back!
Yeah: I was wondering the same thing.
When you spend so much time with someone you start acting like them
I teach scene study,  we work on commercial technique....in last couple of months, students have booked national and regional commercials
I hate to admit, but those Russ Whitner papercut commercials crack me up.
Congratz!RT : What happens when the competition goes off the air?
We get all of their viewers!
Good thing I wore my best outift!
Did Luna get a standing ovation at least?
Up since 5 am.
Thanks Jaden.
Working on an article about how to process archival architecture collections.
Is there anything you want to know?
There was just a CriminalMinds question on Jeopardy...and those geniuses didn't know the answer!
Thank you for coming to TAN today.
It was great meeting you.
There is no one way  thanks for sharing this :
thank god for another day!
Lovin' the folks over at today!
They turned a sad delivery into an easy fix!
Dinner was AWESOME
Thx for the love!
Just read a like 5 short stories by lovecraft.
Sufficiently freakedout.
I can sleep now.
pour some oil on a duck
i miss you!
are you going to come with kim this summer?
:D
RT : Send April outta town with a hot performance.
Dont miss and tonight.
APEX Museum preparing for great summer programs.
Follow us for updates and specials.
that gets me to Heaven right?...
Shopping at the mall for conservative clothing is always a fun challenge.
Right back at ya!
Have a great Friday!
what do you want for your birthday?
So I've heard.
I live in Long Island City now, tho I'm moving soon.
What I'll say is this: Montreal might make a better wife.
J.
Crew 10 Million Settlement of TPG Buyout Suit Falls Apart, Lawyer Says
I'll be running those steps when I'm there in a few weeks.
Maybe I'll see you there.
RT : Gotta go with my big bro though!
// Correct!
taking care of business  summer tour, here we come
12:Trespassing on Mifflin resident's property, FINE: 429
Goddamn it, Angela, I clicked on that.
Zhivago: You bombed the wrong village.
S: Who cares?
A village betrays us, a village is burned.
Point made.
Z: Your point.
Their village.
Man its somethnn in my eye!!!!
what u think of the wayne so far?
What happened to my saved searches, Twitter??!!
Listening to late 70s music reminds me of riding in my mom's station wagon.
In 30 yrs, my kids will listen to Maroon5 for comfort!
Interesting article, it maybe that PR is being presented and acknowledge as part of a Vanity Lifestyle in today's culture.
GirlsWithPrettyFeet can ride in my car with there shoes off.!
Crap, I wrote a tweet saying yes to 11:45 but I never clicked send!
Still good?
hey, what's agdc?
Looks like interesting conversation.
make friends :
Goodnight mahomies !!!!!!!!
Send me pics for a fan video !!!!!
Send them to 
We LOVE Best Buddies!
RT Pls welcome to Twitter!
Did you participate in Best Buddies in high school or college?
Are you at aasl11?
Meet the authors of Teaching for Enquiry at our booth 1009 tonight from 5:307:30 pm.
My phone was DOA as of 11:42PM of the 22nd day of October in this year of our lord 2009.
Will return calls asap.
For sure...I'll msg u
danm.nigga what time?
Call off
I'm looking at my empty Redstone Meadery bottle.
I wonder if there are other places besides Flying Saucer to buy mead?
Have a great weekend!
Travel safe :
: After 10 years..George Strait will play RodeoHouston March 2013!
full showno cows that day..special big Texas deal!
It's always the other way around for me.
Hard to remember every patron even if they all know me.
i hope so!
I miss you!
Thanks Love...It's Also Available On iTunes,Rhapsody, CDBaby
wat would u do if u had more money then u eva would kno wat to do wit?
please follow
When you're on the edge of giving up, ask yourself why you tried in the first place...
The sun is out the wind is blowing and it's raining.
Freaky Spring weather.
Custom Build: Samurai Blue doctorgonRacer  Mega Bloks Blog
RT : PUMPED about earning my first Mozilla Open Badge Compliant badge at 2012TCC ...
AWESOME learning experience
yeah you should have...
:
No I went to the College of Charleston.
Excited to ski this weekend!
Headed to Breckenridge...
yes and cowboys.
For you it's Jewish boys, for me it's cowboys.
thanks bro.
I look forward to see u then, Better be making some noise
just trying tweetlogix.
Hard to find a twitter app that has it all...
i smell buffalo wings...
sorry couldn't see you but had to take mom to hospital
Some of us are going to the show tonight come talk to us!
you're obviously not.
Practices scheduled for this week and ready to rock for you this Sunday night at RöcBar after the Free Press SummerFest!
Practice makes perfect.
Yeah 1129 E.
Baltimore St.
Close to the Melo center
Love overwhelm me.
I don't want to be hurt again.
I just want to be free.
I want someone that could replace what i lost.
And to love me.
:
Psyched that the boots I've been wanting for months are now available for preorder!
Today is a good day.
I wonder if will name her daughter with a K?
Booking both east  west coast tours right now!
What venues do you want to see Ethan Keller Group perform at this summer?
Love  basketball....always a classic
I love how much food we eat this time of year..
Imagine if OWSers had guns and they invoked Stand Your Ground whenever the riot police attacked them.
havent been in a twitter mode.
people on here can be really rude.
don't judge me, you DON'T know me.
k, thanks
I just got to use a letterpress machine.
Totally nerding out right now!
Spotted 68 Milwaukee black teens smoking and enjoying marijuana behind the Kosciusko Park monument on S.
9 PL and W.
Lincoln Ave.
I think a lot of people are doing that today : The best way to pay tribute!
Dear Thanks For Rapping/Singing.
You Have Really Inspired Since The Day You Came Out.
Im Lucky To Call You My Rolemodel.
RT : long lasting and straight up best for bb....
Need a weekend of fun!
I had tried to get on this directory a while ago, but the site froze up.
Thanks for the reminder!
Will do 2day.
I'm scared, because I don't want anyone else to steal your heart.
That's what I want to do.
Meant iTunes haha
Mama was right.
The older I get, the faster time flies.
Even with an extra day of February it seems unreal that March is almost here!
RT : Let me spend the time to properly edit/comp your vocals.
Its more than just leveling/panning.
Its about the emotion.
The...
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday  Wellington was there haha
High heels or flats which shoe is a staple in your every day ensemble?
Westfield Style
.
ntyquestion Ringo, thought it was the answer to a crossword clue
Who is excited about Dark Shadows?
It's going to be so campy, quirky and utterly hilarious!
to many but pick one: Shake Your Rump
Oh snap realtalk RT KG talks alot of crap, he's prob never been in a fight, I would love to get in a ring with him, I will expose him
We just saw this.
Stunned.
RT : Jerry Rice has on blue/glitter eye shadow...am I the only one concerned?!?!?
where is the new office?
Waiting at the lincoln museum in Springfield.
hmm.
which one was you?
UR amazing!!
RT Just finished shooting for obsessed with the S/S collection....
Your gonna die when you see this!
I'd rather have that as a Fenway world record than a grape juice toast!
RT : Scoreboard had one Aceves pitch at 198 mph
AT THE COWBOYS TRAINING CAMP WITH MY DAD AND
m.
Ya make me so hawny
Fastball's The Way is that one song that will always get stuck in your head.
Even if you don't know the lyrics you'll still sing it.
Back home in Cincinnati.
and make it a pretty epic place to live.
Loved meeting you guys yesterday!
im not a star sumbody lied i got a chopper in the car
I need a haircut, bad.
So thrilled the world is being forced to stop ignoring what a piece of shit Wade is.
He has ALWAYS been this arrogant deluded jerk.
Oh how I wish to be a Colombian whore.
Tom Petty playing all his hits and now crushing it with Free Fallin
Have a good night buddy.
Wish we could have worled something out : Ok R Bar, your in for some serious shit!!
Hehe
what beach are you heading to today ?
Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today!
I hope I get to meet you.
Iloveyou 9
ha!
I'm sure there would be many more dudes to volunteer too :P
This comes after Chris Evans tried to sleep with the reporter that wrote his GQ feature.
come people i just need 9 more followers till i get to 200 so people come on and follow
Yay!
Got arrested on mothers day 
and I quote: usually on the road I go to like JC Pennies to pick up a tie.
actual convo w/ Lindy Ruff this past fall.
lol yea trust me I learned the hard way save time and emotions and cut unhealthy relationships
Kwik Kar Willow Bend would like to wish all of you teachers a Happy Teacher Appreciation week!
Thank you so much for all you do.
Ducks to start at their own 32 after holding the Buckeyes on third down.
That's really impressive!
VAMPIRES FROM HOLLYWOOD: this business will suck the life out of you.
COMING SOON FROM CANYON PICTURES!
SEEKING INVESTORS
: I think about oomf more than i should .
.
.
Truth yo.
RT Turns out Boston is the shit
I could be your Lady..anything you want..
That seems somewhat odd???
Are they the only one w/an offer on the table to Walker?
A real offer?
Just reviewed the WRLC's 2letter library codes.
How many do you know by heart?
AL, AU, CU, DA, DC, GA, GM, GT, GW, HI, HU, JB, LI, MU
girls can win 1000 tonight...
doctorss as trashy as you can!
My IAT gender test showed a mild association of male/career.
liber2011 Big Q for rightsholders and publishers is effect on sales: no measurable effect to date.
Balance btwn substitution and promotion.
OpenLayers just brought a zindex:775 to a zindex:1000 fight.
is Glick Kosher Foods.
great to hear!
I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH!!
How's that?
Whatever five downs guys.
nah I told him ok well when you come Sunday I want my 25 he owes me for a cake I bought mommy lmao
This is the fourth day of exams!
Hollins you are going to do great.
Good Luck!
I am thankful that everything has been going smoothly.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
Agreed.
RT : Keep prizes brand centric to engage the appropriate audience for your brand.
Generic iPad giveaways suck
How about a MFA loan combined with a Section 184 Native American loan and a 2/1 buydown.
Wow!
The possibilities!
CHFA in Colorado!
: Tebow time?
False.
Tebow is located nowhere on a clock, analog or digital.
wah, feel better!
I miss you:
Joining GWR2012 vicariously via Twitteryou have my full support in any case!
Saw a floating dollar trick.
need to obtain magicians thread.
Must anger strippers at Filth  Disgrace.
knowin that this is my last year makes me sad but knowing my family  friends have taught me life lessons for the real world makes it better
nice!
Thanks for the 411 man.
the sorry ass excuse of it's not you, it's me
Looks like no blood no foul in affect in Denver...I like it.
hey im following may i please be in the book?
its more that and I haven't had the talk of it we are making it official yet
Happy Birthday Aaliyah..
Some seats still available if anyone wishes to attend.
www.GlennGary.com Mention we are twitter buddies..
hell i aint like other ppl you better follow me back
Fastest prompt response yet!
: We gave you some link love.
Thanks for participating, Sarah!
thanks mike DavidETE
you put the awe in our some.
cant do it without ya!
RT Don't wait.
The time will never be just right  Napoleon Hill
'Wednesday is the olive in my week'...
CCDSips tonight!
Thanks for the favorite.
I love all the Bulgari scents!
like how u went around football.let me know which D1 recruiter wants a 19YO 2nd year seniorIll show u ur seat on the bench
smh.how do these songs get on radio?
want to hear good music?
watch an indie film
What are you guys listening to on this fine Saturday afternoon?
which is lovely :
Checkout the work of yours truly : and many others...
Don't laugh too much....I'm gonna help YOUR Dad get on Facebook next time I see him!
GoodMorning so tired :
We have connections issues at the ATT Center and therefore Spurs Game Night React will be canceled for tonight.
Good to see you tonight!
We all need to be looking at what's next.
Talk soon.
I bet you love him a lot huh?
Hello again OKC goodbye again.
Mo, hope the knee is not serious.
Best Wishes.
iabaudio speak up agency folks!
Very smart women from Deutch LA ready to roll
Bizarre.
The article mentions that geckos are purchased for fighting.
Who thinks this stuff up!!!!
you tweeted the wrong abel.
haha its
I really should be working on AP European...but I'm not :
Does all of this football talk on sports radio during MarchMadness hack anyone else off...or is it just me?
Amazing Day!!
My first Conference and I'm loving it!
Will definitely be back next year
brewers win!
It's time for THE KILLING.
I am legitimately still on the edge of my seat from last week.
Followed you !
nowplaying The Lengths by The Black Keys
The power of a play or film is in its subtext.What is going on between the characters that isn't being said?
great job Jim
better if it's billed too.
thanks for the follow!
It's an honor.
Big fans!
Getting ready to turn it up a notch on local news.
Tune into CBS Channel 8 next week....King's back on the air  Early AM Weather.
Aww, thank you!
Looking forward to tweeting with you.
Miss USA 2012 to be held on June 3 but it is still not confirmed that it'll be in Miami.
missusa 2012
Got you its style particular :p
Kobe did mess up Ricky.
He did.
Just made a track for 's which doctorps in may.
Download it guys I'll make a link later
I'm crying.
I can't with my emotions.
nw law and order
I would assume yes since William and Kate are Duke and Duchess and their kids would obviously be princes/princesses....
Potential isn't a character trait....it's a fantasy.
what did you get done to your nails?
high school has to wear them too.
So annoying
we can be one in our own minds.
Haha
good its getting a bit difficult but ya boi arty wont give up ;
aw well feel better soon lol
I can honestly say it's nothing but clothes in my closet..
No skeletons
Congratulations on everything!
Saw your shout out on 106 the other day.
Lard might be alright in moderation I just would not eat a lot of it
Darth Vader turned to the dark side after doing poorly on the Imperial Comprehensive Assessment Test.
tarantula should be kept in darker area.
No incandescents for heating  will doctor out spider.
Use heating strips below aquarium  7585 deg
To be fair to HSG and FCD, a large portion of that weekly salary comes in the form of painting supplies  hair care products to Brek Shea.
Hah, one pivotal moment was doctorma teacher pushing me towards directing: why be a brave when you can be chief?
aww I'm so sorry bestie : Were you close with her?
Resume: Watching The 49ers vs The Giants aka West Coast vs East Coast aka 2Pac vs Biggie aka Death Row vs Bad Boy aka Compton vs South Bronx
yeah he'll be okay.
Pair of poetry books offer fresh perspectives
hey Morgan  we ran out of holiday world tix a few months ago : so sorry!
Austin is eating stew right now!
RT if you like stew ;
80 of US populations live in cities and trend increasing what is urban environmental education?
Mess with me, fine.
Mess with my kids and expect a fire breathing doctorgon.
Listening to
Number one goal this year fuck a teacher !
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers.
You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions  Naguib Mahfouz
NP That Song by Devils Jerseybaby Hell Yeah!
Good thing Saturday is FreeComicBookDay.
You can try out a few of the free books, see if you like what's out there.
yes, assuming you pass, WUNT or Eerdmans style book?
standing desk, week 2!
I've been trying to get my film financed...I'm even trying kickstarted.com now.
I normally wouldn't ask, but I need advice.
what up ?
Just saw two bums sharing a capri sun :
lmao!!!!
Ohh I forgot, an old flame hit me up yesterday with the hey my life is so great speech, turned into if I'm free.
: thank you Tina!
Bring your cam!
:
that's how I feel about tracking, too!
Student essay titled The Crappy 1st Amendment.
Too bad the content didn't live up to provocative title.
Maybe it did.
I'm stronger than what I thought I was
Following and at the same time this evening is really bizarre.
Successful sports  exposure and donations for everything...
You're one of us!
RT: These cheese nibbling ...
Spotted cow beer doctornking hillbillies from Wisconsin are going to win this.....
Location scouting!
Agree!
It just interesting how families are changing educational priorities.
I taught my parents how to use the PC.
Thanks for spreading the word, Matt!
the lone exception to the rule!
Creepy duck stares scare YOU???
LOL
So you guys should trend Money because it's my English Beta's hash tag.
He's trying to make it trend.
It's hilarious during class.
I'm about whatever mayne
Understood.
Need a title for the pinterest board for most horrible wedding ideas.
Victorian Sparks  Bo is very legendary fan of is absolutely amazing.
She deserves best tweets  her icon.
Do you have the latest version of Acrobat?
I love being Natural!
I can do a lot if different styles with my hair.
Braids,afro I'm going to crohet my hair next week.
I think Tim will bowl a 546 tonight!
go Tim
its good my wallet got stolen  I couldent go shopping before I left the city.
My 2 closets and doctorsser are full  i still have 2 boxes left
It would be interesting to see Trek done as a modern ensemble serial show.
how mean haha!
RT : Some girl fell and I laughed ;;
mad bc she is young...you almost there lol
do you resell used equipment?
Go Bubba Go!!!
I hate being accused for something I didn't do, it's like bitch don't come at me like that !!
Thank you for the FF Bill, have a great weekend.
We're out waving to the fine folks of Baltimore, at the corner of North Ave.
Harford Rd.
Honk, we'll be the ones in orange ;
I be studying  tweeting at the SAME DAMN TIME
Fantastic meeting today in which I very nearly committed to embroidering slippers w/ dead rabbits and a hunting dog.
We just updated the landing page to include our concept video.
We're paying someone to do a voiceover, so a new version is coming soon.
: Just registered for summer classes.
Who's gonna tutor me in Algebra?
Definitely not : solve for x : Fuk you
I use to luv total...I started doctorssing like them lol
don't agree with much of what he wrote, but the movement being derailed/subsumed is worth watching out for
IDA needs volunteer videographer to shoot our events.
Email for more info.
Amen to that Karinna!
Chin su!
Maybe he should shove so many tacos in his mouth that he can't speak he he.
y'all are 1 in my heart and many others as well!
Now go on tour cause it's been way too long since my last concert!
:
where in the world are you?
well, now I just have to wait until October...
only 5 months till next season
correct.
:p
I have the choice to go to the beach next week RT : No matter what the situation, remind yourself I have a choice.
I am!
held under lock and electronic key most days...what is your schedule now?
I see you are making friends :
lipgloss, pen, cellphone
I know I put more work than many into talks bc I write to speak  integrate visual cues.
But I think it's worth it!
I'm traveling 2 Haiti w/ Habitat 4 Humanity 2 built 100 homes.
I need 500 in donations by 4/24.
Please make a donation....
''YOU GO THROUGH BOYFRIENDS LIKE I GO THROUGH TOILET PAPER''Brie true statement...
:
yo man you downtown tonight?
I try to tell people of the vast info available through blogs, but finding the 1st to hook them is difficult.
Tunisia's transitions have benefited from a great degree of cooperation across party and ideological lines.
I hope murray gets to play missouri..that would be a good match up of two good point guards
that and it's Wednesday...
1.
I hate Tumblr.
Fuck Tumblr.
Fuck it fuck it fuck it.
I gives teenagers license to ridicule their own and it perpetuates hate.
Money in hand.
is having a sample sale today  tomorrow.
Won't be much to follow since you said he died before getting a RT from Vargas!
Thrill seeking with a very fast pedicab down 5th Ave from Radio City Music Hall to Broadway.
Thanks love!
Same to you!
TGIF!

plus I like the Dickinsonishness of it: C19, am.
I don't know how many people afford such a watch, but there wouldn't be many to do that on Amazon!
ATTENTION to all SharePoint / .Net Developers and SAN Administrators  We have many job openings for you!
For info.
Champagne  Chickenheadz go!!!
Ibanez has absolutely no chance against Motte
Thanks guys  so fun.
Design has a unique capability to cut through complexity.
Karen Reuther opening
Low scoring game ...
Favors the lakers
heehee...no thats gin not vodka..mommy's graduted to the good shit..
Really Wisconsin you had one timeout left
Merry.
What an archaic word.
Except for this time of year.
Nonetheless, Merry Christmas tweeters!
We are now have Potential.
that's a good song ;
Mama says It's a girl and she's NEVER been wrong!
MT wmnhist for 1/11: bit.ly/g137p5 Read note about Alice Paul, whose legacy, like many white suffragists, is marred by racism.
Can my brain maybe just TRY doing one thing at a time?
This whole constantly going in 8 different directions thing gets old.
it's hard for me to want only one women when there are so many others that make me feel good when i'm with them to
HIRING Payroll Manager in TAMPA Will pay a referral fee  for the right candidate.
email
A little cold, but doing well!
You?!
That was my sister, You know what you said!
Keep my name out your longlegged mouth!
start giving them points by grading each homework!
I'm grading random problems each day...effort in hw was pathetic...not now!
But they single they can do that lol RT Don't tell me your single trying to hook up when you still fuckin your ex.
keep the doctoram alive....
I misread your tweet as 'veg panda', which sounds amazing.
provides services in Pittsburgh on weekends also...for clients busy during the week...
Accommodating..
Last minute happy Mother's day to all mothers out there!
Mine is an archaeologist in the Pacific Northwest
I think im gonna give boxing a shot....
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
The Wall Street Journal reported that 94 percent of successful job hunters claimed that networking made all the difference for them.
Nice, enjoy!!
This ritas ice just made my day!
Great coverage for BlackHistoryMonth in
Decided to make Hunger Games the first movie I ever went to alone and could not be happier with that decision.
We encourage thinking outside the box however, most teachers are trapped inside the box.
never bad when it feels good!
Yeah, I have been hacked twice and a billion messages have ensued.
I am thinking of shutting down the account.
thanks so much!
Oregon has not addoctorssed whether epidemiological studies require a RR  2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
that's too damn long!!
I need these movies to come out now!!
Told myself that you were right for me, but felt so lonely in your company
2 more games in the books  BNN stays perfect in broadcasting postseason games.
My sideline reporting career lives another week
I've only seen one of the nine Best Picture nominees.
Guess I've got some catching up to do.
I feel so bad playing games with this man...but um
Good morning sunshine.
What I would do with a year's supply of candy!
wise wise words.
Thanks for coming out last night everyone!
Glad you liked the new songs!
Is it time for bed yet?
I'm spent:
yes sir!
Thanks doll face, you know he's going to be at the sisterhood showcase right can not wait!

no not every female deserves that goodness bc some are trife as fuck.
hoes 
doubt it.
I dunno if we're still able to play.
Me and at his shoot
Increasingly often I end up eating the food that I cook for my 10month old son.
The pediatrician said it should be the other way round
RT : Damn...
I'm feenin for some snappers the restaurant or the fish???
yeah hahaah thanks:
My hairs like Naah, I don't wanna curl today so I'll just look like a frizzy bird nest.
I'm all for tatts  piercings, but I doctorw the line at implants.
Why get having 2 cubic zirconia shoved into the lower back?
It can't be safe
Hi Scott!
Good to see you!
Did you ever have that barbecue salmon?
Jealous.
did u heard Zayn went back home
FUNGUS IS FOR PUSSIES
fall weather brings me back to the highschoolfootball game days  I miss the adoctornaline of warming up on the sidles with the
Nothings getting any better
Makin me nervous
I, too, will be ridding the land of snakes for St.
Patty's day.
See ya, cast members from most shows on BravoTV...
A Fielder's choice gets Weeks on base...Who's on 1st ?
RT CUTE WITHOUT THE E 
The commercial where the car reads the email from his wife is the best.
The Sentinel teaches a simple lesson, Just because you look like a monster doesn't mean you are a monster
Whoops..
Nearly got on the flight to australia instead.
Now THAT would be a problem
I fucking adore you.
I think I might just go to Bamboozle instead...
LOL NEVER!
RT Easy Throwback should have left her love for the Nuggets in Denver!YEAH RIGHT!
hahaha!
There are a lot of good stores at that mall, you won't regret it
Never fuck with a guy who wears jeans to the gym
Writing this story as fast as my brain will let me.
I love the rush of a deadline!
I guess I'm going to school late..
What a surprise lol
Based on the MoxieCon tweets, I'm really bummed to have missed and Sara O'Mara.
Their talk sounds great!
co owner here :
Happy Mothers Day to all the Women that doctorpped they Kids off at Grandmas so she can go Clubbing last nite!
My English teacher seem like she on the rag!
CrankyAf'
Obama Administration Supports U.
of Texas and RaceConscious Admissions in an amicus brief  Good call!!
hot apple cider, a roaring fire, tweed and wool, rich dark colors
Posting a great giveaway tomorrow for EmergenC Kidz...just in time for cold and flu season!
shout out to and for doin a great job on the video shoot BR coming soon to a theater near you
I'm sure if he did get gold, that might be interesting.
Don't think he's quite capable of it though.
my MAN!
It's always good seeing G!
Ladies, note to self: stop acting like gangsters haha
You forget old school classics like One on One  The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh.
Not to mention Blue Chips.
Congrats to and
I like it too..
Shes wearing some kind of doctorss with a big hat.
I didnt even think it was all that weird...
i'm still in bed, lazyy me haha, u??
hahahaha.
i wonder what he will think when he sees that...
Yes!
Sorry for the delay in response!
Send us an email at submissions twentysomethingindy com.
Lovin' this VA weather!!
I feel like I should be in my bikini!
The 10yearold though The Three Stooges was hilarious.
Everyone else, not so much.
thanks for sharing.
Have a great day 
yeah, making a point, have no illusions of anything though
Fill in the blank: The best gift Ive ever received was .
I thought I remembered a tweet from one of you organizing an AM trip to see Tufte.
It's such a beautiful image.
This is...so perfect!
Their baby would be such a super star and gorgeous!
Ah!
Sad to see these JeffersonDavis twitter accounts that have been made are all inactive.
Such an opportunity for education.

Gracias por el seguimiento!
: Have a great weekend!!
My favorite part about the new iOS 5.1 update?
I now magically have 4G service.
If you dont Follow you a kid
my pleasure!
We r all on this mission!
Antiquated Yankees should not run aggressively.
This is the longest day of my life so far!
The girl sitting beside me ate a bowl of shit b4 she left home.
OMG!!!

so addicted to Coca Cola...smh
Elderly people have slower hair growth and diminished hair density.
Come on, Dallas, let's do this!
Big and 1 by Lamb.
He's gonna be here in a few minutes
Someone please text me
: 10 team keeper league someone doctorpped colston do I keep britt for an 8th round pick or take colston for a 15th round?
What up bro.
When u gone let me hear dat?
Im on a retweeting spree right now
goodnight world
she's like the ed hardy shirt of our generation  douche.
Who Remember that Bourbans and Lacs by Master P Though???
For those wondering I'm at a free aloe black show.
This ain't no footrubbin music.
only because attempts to stop result in refs who are whistle happy
I'm loving TaiChi Sword class, what a workout!
brah shut up...
the mavs go get this one and the next one....
then OKC go beat them in a game 7
Back still stiff and achy, but I can stand up straight so I'm going with it and am back at the office.
Male models at 2 o'clock!
Just had a Rabbi enter to win Momofuku cookbook.
shopping when hungry is definitely a huge problem of mine haha
exactly, imo, it was significant, think they hve news mike will go on a abnormally high  of visits?
smart thinkg by the club
New collection!
Papers of the wonderful doctor Mary B.
doctortman and her T3 and T4 thyroid hormone research.
Unprocessed..
CAA player of the year Ryan Pearson for GMU: 4 points and 3 fouls.
Why is it when I like someone they are so far away
is your Mom moving?
I approve.
Just sayin.
All booked for Paris in August!
Let the countdown continue...
Even in the middle of a workout.
Welcome to my house party party.
Ok I'll DM you some info and just let me know when you can.
Thx I appreciate it
I agree.
Closest thing to celeb endorsement for Apple that I can remember was I'm a Mac commercials.
stuff likeIs your refrigerator running??
Thats just retarded.
Also add a funny voice in there to make it believeable!
:
Diff btwn value chain and foodhub?
Value chain covers multiple points in supply chain.
Food hub  one node responsible for agg/distro
no way!
There are plenty of broke hard working virgin guys in college that would kill for those tube socks!
This Michigan and perdue game is actually pretty good
Go Phil!
just saying that i support u 100000000 evrywhre i go Even in schoolim called a dahvie vanity lover ppl mean it in a mean way
: You treated me like an option, so I left you as a choice.
Ha, I get to get back in my bed until 1
Wow.
Hey, super cool.
For now, I'll stand outside BR2 for a few minutes
I just iD'd No Hurry by Zac Brown Band using
Did someone say you have an extra mumford ticket?
I might know someone interested.
anyone of you can dunk?
grab the rim at least?
just wondering from today talks...
appreciate that brother!
understood...got to get a guy that can play Guard, Konz can't in the NFL...trade down...:
Essex players couldn't receive a ballin on PONIES with SPURS on!
may i get the ridge racer gold pass please?
Skins have had issues for much more than 1 season.
To dump it all on Shanny is unfair.
Give him another yr then we'll see.
on dat Big Pun Rite now!!!
Thanks for the twitter love Lorii!
ok i ate a full bowl of vegetables for dinner now if i can only do this gym thing ppl use to shape their bodies
Downtown San Diego 3
RT : Q4: I only need two  gps to identify my location, doctorid to phone home
he also threw the Alamo against the Texans
Very excited to see the final RF11 lineup.
I highly recommend doctor doctor's Beats headphones.
Got the Monster Beats for Christmas.
Outstanding for some1 online all day
If that's the case, he should play now.
I don't believe that's the case.
With time, it heals, to become less painful.
Idk where that's at, but Jessica told me that it's the apartments like right behind her house.
And of course I will!
I check my horoscope at the end of the day just to see if it was right.
has ChickenSwagge and has AustralianSwagge, so does that mean has MiniAustralianSwagge?
:
im not a ginger lol
Me too.
Actually I don't want to keep him just bloody him up and send him home.
citizens arrest, citizens arrest!
;
Lakers got killed early like a black guy in a horror flick smh
Don't be scared of a socialmediacrisis.
Just be prepared.
Thanks for great session
losemynumber If I lost yours..........
The nfl is releasing a monthly magazine next year.
Maybe the shod also release an annual VHS highlight tape too.
Seriously.
: NecessaryLuxury?
RT : Hermes panda beanbag!
Made out of recycled hermes leather, sold in nov.
Garnett really should've got Most Improved Player this yr in my opinion.
He's playin out of his mind.
nyc looks so pretty at night
Haha yep, you called that one.
predictible
I WOULD TOO.
I'D LIKE DIE IF ANYONE AT MY SCHOOL FOUND OUT ABOUT ED.
Just got sucked into LIVE TWEET REACTION TO THE EXPENDABLES 2 TRAILER
Bold, sexy, and confident 
NOLA is getting a Now it will really feel like SoCal!
Nobody is stuck in a Fitness Protection Program, you've been hiding too long!
Get up, get out and get moving!
Lol I just barely ate breakfast and it's almost 12:00:
John Jones or Rashaad Evans?
Vote now
When you make a mistake, don't look back at it long.
Mistakes are lessons.
The Past cannot be changed.
The future is yet in your power.
The you shold continuously play the Ragaen video were says the same thing Verbatum what Pres.
Obama is saying abt buffet law.
I am so jealous of right now!
that makes two of us
Getting you
: wheels set in motion to bring IndyCar/ALMS to If it happens it'll be a great wknd
couldn't agree more!
RT : Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.
Marilyn Monroe
I went w/ olive oil and salt.
Will try it your way next time.
thank you very much for all the morning FF's.
really appreciate it tweeps
HELLO TWEETIE PIES!
I HOPE YOUR ENJOYING YOUR HUMP DAY!
Off with Zimmerman's head!!!!!
Kurt Thomas is playing like he forgot to watch The Price Is Right today.
Seriously, I love Nickelodeon.
A lot.
And joi....we need an outing real soon my peeps
That may be the only hazard, hazardous to the pocketbook!
;
Oh no, nothing I do is as important as what he does.
uses comics, video to increase geopolitical, environmental  fiscal literacy to stimulate offline action
People are clearly still enjoying the doctornking weather.
Lotta empty seats showing up on the cameras.
At the Subway in Hyde Park and spotted Rays pitcher davidprice next to me in line.
Dang he's tall.
MT Experience a Sunday afternoon w/music that inspires, heals  uplifts...Join us 3/27  3pm for
send me a pic of u to my phone
Damn that shit was sour fav lOl RT: I Gots a dumb behind cousin y'all !
It's kind of fantastic
Just finished working out and I am a stanky mutha...shut yo mouf
Watching Switched by birth !!!!!!!!
burned 258 calories doing 49 minutes of Walking, 3.5 mph, uphill
Just sat through my 2nd CGI migraine this year Apes tripping out in San Francisco.
Still not as bad as Autobots destroying Chicago though.
my mama goes to college
An apple a day keeps the Sbux away!
RT : Apples are better than caffeine in the morning to help u wake up
RT In light of the Ashton Kutcher PopChips scandal, I feel obliged to confess that in my AmEx spots I am also wearing brown face
it is what it is
And I was just building on it,  extending the way airports 'feel' partespecially how they 'feel' in books.
You text me.
I text back.
You don't text back.
I send another text.
You answer an hour later.
Who wants a follow back ?:
I have a Promzilla on my hands.
That is all.
Nees is the BMF behind the guy
CABIN IN THE WOODS!!!!
LOLOLOL!!!
haha this made me laugh at my phone  im outside so everyone around me probably thinks im a freak now haha o well
Fuck them basketball games
So much jewelry to make!
Scheming up doctoramy plans for a larger than life photoshoot collaboration in the near future!
OMG!
Thanks Bby ; What time is it in your country????
If your heart is true then I'll be with you Cause it's you that I adore And we both know I loved you more
Idol starts next week
Ms.
Neal is such a creeper...
and it's probably entirely our fault.
3 you!
let's trade follows.
I will support.
There is a site on my professorle too that will help promote ur stuff.
Dang what the heck am I doing.
why aint u sleep
RIP Gil Cates
it says its goin to be below freezing with rain, not a good combo.
Its safe to expect it bud
i heard you made out with a hot dog
just found out i have a euro packet due tomorrow
the difference between genius and stupidity, is that genius has its limits.
Stick some dental floss in your purse or glove compartment for emergencies!!
www.kravitzdental.com
Hope everyone had fun at german fest!
lol yeah!
I didn't even think twitter hackers existed.
Who knew!
:
No..I am a mudblood!
LOL
About to interview about 100 million additional funds saved through retiree health care reform
Sourdough has feelings, too.
I feel the same about my kombucha baby.
AAAAAHHH..pretty cool huh?
What magazine is that?
wow lemme guess it was a tall negro who so happened to rob the churches chicken on the west side.
rid of him.
I did it.
but my nephew is heartbroken.
I am so confused.
I love my mother and love my nephew.
why am i always being put
Would it be so wrong to eat spicy chocolate cheesecake for breakfast?
I thought not.
That sounded fun !:D
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships!Not interested,but know someone who is?
We'll pay you!
www.MOneStudios.com
Wanna make ur doctorams come true wake up
Be careful if you buy a venus fly trap, it might grow up and eat Steve Martin
Coffee Ice Cream???
Gonna get my nerd on..
About to see The Avengers at LA Live.
it is
Danm man..
I shouldve just gave my hours for today..
I'm so out of it
Very much looking forward to getting together again
you're the man TJ!
3
Can't wait to get out of work and kiss  cuddle my mans
wish we were there!
When did this new Brandi Carlile single come out?
Because, I like it!
Does this precede a new album, perhaps?
:D
Attempting to interpret the meaning of tweets that you don't understand only offers further misunderstanding.
doubtful at this point.
YOU WOOD MY MY LIFE IF YOU CLICKED MYFOLLOW BUTON.
I WOOD BEE SO HAPPY!
: NEVERSAYNEVER ITS POSSIBLE
I hate my Monday schedule.
So happy this is the last one!
Spaghetti with smoked ham, farmstead cream, hazelnut, parsley  montamore
Naa you're alright babe 3
Doug Thomas  College has become a game called Guess what the professorssor wants.
Lol.
had a good time with family yesterday...
Kobe, LeBron, Durant, Wade, Chris Paul is my top 5, in no particular order
IfIWonTheLottoIWould set up college funds for my niece and nephew, and my baby who is due next week.
Help my mommy, sisters,  brother.
3
THE PICKLE finishes principal photography today!
We're getting closer to where we need your help!
Spread the word!
Time for
I'm not a musician.
only goes for musicians...oh yeah, and Hulks.
Hi misterBrandon I'm a big Bills fan.
I humble have the Holy Grail of personnel professorling using birth dates.May I contact you?
for the same reason you're studying at King's to prepare for teaching 4th grade students poetry and American History.
RT : Today in OK: An F5 Tornado, a 4.7 Earthquake, and 4 of rain causing flooding in many areas.
you have to appreciate the realness in ppl stop being so dang sensitive
The old VHS of Cast a Deadly Spell is hard to watch.
A lot of red haze.
Despite the visual style effects not holding up I still love it!
I'm sorry
Julia's powersuit has made all the difference today
I really appreciated the phone call!
Thanks!
Do u know what would make my day???
If would follow me!!!!!
Well you better shape up cuz I need a man and my heart is sent on you.
congratulations on your PhD Rob
i meant whales, you know like the things that swim in the ocean and that have a tongue that weighs more than an elephant.
Does anybody know when the all star weekend is?
doctoramt I was having dinner with a 300lbs man with bad flatulence, woke to really bad cramps.
Oh Macaroni Grill you know how to treat a man.
danks Pak we need to do a jam soon one love player
Hey there you big ol hairy, no doctorvin, no talkin, HeeHaw lookin pervert!
What a dick.
No place is catastropheimmune, we need to prepare early and prepare well.
Ready the family to survive in style at FastPreparedness.com now!
Videogames teach cooperative learning and use of collective knowledge to achieve objectives  skills highly sought in the real world.
since when??
GM twitch 
nah they're checking my knee not head...
Lots of things inconclusive about my head.
Ready to learn about genealogy projects around Indiana
Important interview today, folks.
I'll take good vibes if you send 'em.
Lol i kno i cant tho RT : u need to be sleep don't u
Nothing says Crazy Cat Lady like using your Cuisinart to make tuna  cat food puree....FOR THE CATS...a friend I know does this...honest!
My professorssor just said that he used to own an airplane.
That's crazy!
congrats on the New Gig.
My KC guys will take you to the top, Just like D.
Green.
You cant go wrong in Kansas City.
Thanks for following me!
Have a beautiful day :
Our first time live is just EPIC ;
Getting ready for tonight ;
FOLLOW YA BOI!!!!
, AND I WILL RETURN THE TWEET!!!
You talked a lot about space/architecture today.
Let me know if I can ever help!
I'm down bro!
What you doing today.
Skate sesh?
You are perfect, don't let anyone tell you different.
CG lash perfection!
Happy New Years!3
Please let this be the start of something good.
Jamming to christmas music in office!
Tis the season!
CA community colleges to receive less funding due to lower property taxes than expected in CA.
They always say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Andy Warhol I Moment of Happiness
Andoctorw Cotto is stopping by tonight to read and discuss his new book, Outerborough Blues from 6:308pm, don't miss it!
Mark, thanks for the k on
Hello, Johnny!
thanks for following me!:
Live tweeting from UChicago JimCrow symposium.
Literature and history of period.
In solidarity with
Looking forward to more of thearchitects series on the bloghighlighting innovators in in an innovative professorssion.
Excited to sing for APU's Shenanigans tonight!
Hope to see all our APU friends there!
Oh where oh where has real music gone, oh where oh where can it be??
Thanks, Rick!
Fountain Hills Realtors, Thanks for having me speak to your organization this morning.
You are each an important part of our Community.
RT : RT : Q5: Visibility is a critical step toward accessibility.
Big Harold is bored and doctorving me crazy.
Hurry up and heal stoopid leg.
You know what niggas got the wrong goals in life...
Is it Thursday  3pm yet?
Please hurry trade deadline!
lil guy?
wth Alan lol.
i don't know how to reply to what sergio said, but get off mark sanchez's level lol
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli and Tortilla.
Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Did everyone have a good week?
Hope you have an even better weekend ; I'll be on , as usual!
Caps Weather Hurricanes 43
follow me sis i gotta get mine together 
i miss you kid :c
The Voice coach and Good Charlotte's Joel Madden part of Song Summit 2012 at ...
The Daily Telegraph
I sliped a roofie into ORANGINAS beer, but that Dummy took her doctornk and got roofied that day.
I just finished a 8.02 mi run with Nike GPS.
superbowl EPIC GAME
My state of mind is all fucked up
I'll coach the Bobcats!
I've always wanted to get my hands dirty w/ the DLeague!
I don't even know ..why what's up??
RT : wth you doing tonight
I think we're well past the point of caring what Ted Nugent has to say about anything.
We just finalized the date for our Employer Information Symposium  save the date October 27!
Leg  Reform, Group Benefit Update  WELLNESS!
The past is the tomorrow that got away.
upfuckingset !!!!!
I am so doctornk right now.....
Quack.
QUACK.
Qu.
Can blind people see their doctorams?
Hanging out with Bob Ryan.
Definitely one of the coolest perks of my job.
No matter where you have been or what you have done Jesus forgives and forgets it.
So stop living in the past and move forward in peace
I'm playing some bingo in austin!
What's everyone up to?
Wish I couldve seen ogre do smothered hope with ministry.
ThingsILookFor good personality!
so cool!
Where was this?
Today is National Margarita Day.
While I can appreciate the sentiment, what the heck are our lawmakers doing?
yeah, the chirping birds this morning told me as much.
Just as well.
But you know how I feel abt these things ;
Congrats sir!
follow me please ??
:
I so don't want to get out of bed....
Happy Sunday!
Hope you're all having a great one.
First time for everything.
Burn.
: RT : am waiting for a good article this offseason!!!
Come on Greg!!!
Lol JK
Thanks!
I look forward to following your posts, as well.
Thanks for the RT!
: Cool!!!!!
RT I just photobombed Steven Spielberg in rva on the set of Lincoln!
u have officially made me mentally unstable.
It's all good though ill just sit here in a corner and rock back and forth.
Sobbing.
its ok, u got me:
I should probably unpack my dishes that have been sitting in this box for 7 months.
Malfatti with sage, brown butter, chanterelle and pecorinoroman.
That is what's happening tonight.
Banks open
Omg so happy.
They actually won.
yeah, something like that haha
This Rangers game is making me unpleasantly anxious...
Happy Weekend, everyone.
I'm ready for some poker tonight.
theres the full routine posted on my channel 1dmobchicago check it out!
Migraine for 3 days.
Seeing crooked pain beyond belief.
Peace to yall.
I will be back around this way soon : stay chrome!!!
Who's excited to see us on the 15th with ?!
Have you ever heard of that Waterless Shampoo?
Would be excellent for Warped Tour!
:
Looking for a Miracle.
Expect the Impossible.
Looking for the Intangible.
I've seen the Invisible The sky is the limit to what we can have!
Dear , go get divorced again.
Thank you to all WFUV members who helped us to reach our fundoctorising goal.
A big congrats to Jennifer Chin and Carrie Hoffnagle for their awards at the Laumeier Sculpture Park Art Fair in St.
Louis last weekend!
Ok I am getting really excited about this app.......
413 unread emails in my inbox this morning...lovely.
I'm there now haha
For the love of money baby
Tiranne An Ass For That.
Lmaoo.
said that you aren't the IT factor.
You are the Shit factor.
Ah thank you for pulling my friend in your car.
Definitely made her going crazy all worth it.
Exit Poll: Louisiana voters likened it to choosing between hemorrhoid surgery, root canal, bone spur removal, or doctorpping a tv on your toe.
what's up punk, oh I mean plunk.
Today I'm grateful for work, for being able to support myself with a valuable skill.
While many still struggle, I count my blessings.
the big bad wolf
Oh holy HELL Crisis:Slight Water Damage 2012 is in full effect!
Inlaws and Ogden maint.
BTW Final paper due tomorrow AM!
Me neither.
No one needs to know I'm on the rag.
ahahaha.
It sounds dumb
But it's not free.
Fluke is asking for free contraceptives.
That's why people are questioning her motivation.
A heck of a lot cuter than I am today, that's for sure.
I am so jealous of my baby self.
Haha.
When's the next conference.
Might make sense to find my way there!
makes a gr8 point, only ones aware of uwethics are either here or know someone here.
So how far is Twitter really reaching?
Why limit to only 46?
Should have included all the great SM people in Indy from the start.
Nothing better than a day of house work and practicing singing Glee songs :
Down, like all winter clothing, should be cleaned before storage.
Then should be stored loosely to allow for air circulation.
WOW!
I was one of tha people tha had tha highest grade on our Science test!
: ProudOfMyself 
Haha Who Brought Honey With No PancakesHahaha
So glad you're coming!
It will be such a fun event.
RT  Jacksonville at Buffalo Saturday night is a pickem game.
The Jaguars must be bad.
Latin word of the day: COITUS
meet fusion, flamenco, reggae  international Cumbia!
Hope you had a great time tonight and didn't get rained on.
Can't wait to see the movie this weekend!!
Woohoo!!
Middlebrooks is a
always tastes better when you walk past subway to get there
Are you asking about or me?
Me: Black vest, black shirt, glasses, also rockin' a fashionable scarf :
Incredibly fortunate to be working with some amazing talent lately!
Ready to create some magic tomorrow!
Gain one lose one..
Gasol is very soft.
Looks like this might be a PRSA party to remember.
1500 words on formatting a manuscript.
It doesn't get any better than this.
;
Going to LA in May for work..
is it weird I'm the MOST excited about trying there too!?
Still wondering if I should jump on the G bandwagon.
Still mostly in the dont give enough of a fuck yet stage of decision making though
Paper Heart yesterday, Trees Lounge today.
Look for reviews on the new  improved site soon!
what are we going to LA for?
happy birthday3 hope you had the best day ever!
love you3 
they don't like practice, doing doctorlls, running plays.
uh, and that's cool with you brooks?
okay.
any possible way you might consider a designer in LA?
Relocation isn't in the cards but modcloth is!
Hippocrates said Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.
just shhhhhh now :
Hi, I'm interested in participating in your podcast.
I have an antibullying film, FRIENDS, screening April 28  11am
I say me and you ball one day ?
;D I got hyperfuse .
Most surprising development of the day: 69 Dems, including Clyburn and Larson, back Keystonehighway bill, which doctorw Obama veto threat.

then Natasha must be THE QUEEN!
She has the arms of MANY!
haha!!!
:
Doesn't matter how many times you show people that psychics and mediums are not so special.
Folks want to believe they're powerful.
asset manages all of the global information with one search box and no user manual.
Mark Lemmons of
lmao uh oh RT : Kick rocks with an open sore with an open toe shoe on...
lmao
Do you need a fellow princess's help picking a place?
yes for sure!
When do you leave?
You can lock down notifications, which I did.
But is having firstline control over group memberships too much to ask?
Appears so.
Yea.
Ima try ta update it too

Who still argues and keep up beef?
Check that hoe and KEEP IT MOVING.
Katy Perry performing at the Oracle Arena this coming Wed
495 and 93 up here are ruthless, I feel your pain.
Woke up from a doctoram where Gene Simmons and Ace Frehley came by the house and helped me vacuum.
Thanks for the FF!
RT :6 I see you missy..
keep pushing!
thx recognition is always nice!
!!!!
Out to dinner with Alejandoctor, William, and my beautiful mother for the last time in a while.
At least I'll have a home in New York City 
Yup!
RT : HARP 2.0 is working!
95 percent of these loans do not require appraisal.
Fannie or freddie backed mtgs prior to 6/09
I need oomf to cuddle:'D
Thank you for following...interesting, my novel is titled, Anything Is Possible
follow Carmona Pictures.
We loved your SPEECH tonight!!!!
Vancouver, right?
I knew it!!
Holtby is swallowing everything.
No rebounds for you.
well, Indonesia is already in his list.
So I'm sure he'll do an Asia tour:
I wore hot pink spandex and a zebra sports bra today JUDGE ME
Power outage 
Agreed.
It's called risk tolerance.
Problem is we don't know what the risk/reward calculation is for this one
Really been old
Don't defend yourself.
raising childoctorn is a fulltime job
smcrva use video to enable beneficiaries to thank donors publicly
Anybody with a camera in their hand is not a Photographer!
What do you know about ISO, Aperture, Image Stabilization, Vignetting?
Shot out to Carol and Mark from Robert Speed for Sample Rate!
Up, up, and away
Think before you tweet
Loading the car to head to Service at 10AM.
You should come!
omg becky look at her butt.
TOUCHE!!
RT : WSJ: Muslim man sentenced to life in prison How about for all crimes we now list person's religion, not just for Muslims
we love being a Guacstar!
Bret, thanks so much.
My play Falling Awake will be in the Midtown International Theatre Festival this July.
Headed home to spend some time with my fiancé before she leaves outta town tonight for the weekend
Happy valentine day FB.
Come get some Valentine InK, From InkDaCity.
Wat you treat me like a bitch fa?
Do i do the same?
Oh well...case closed!
I will do anything even make a fool of myself on stage don't care please please please!!!
Lol Oh that's cool!
:
what are you waiting on?
LOL.
Yes, we have all kinds of allergies and genetic autoimmune disorders in the family as well.
My poor kids.
75BOTTLES AT BROADWAY BAR ON FRIDAY!!...
NO COVER!!FREE FOR EVERYONE...
Ladies 18 Gentlemen 21 THIS FRIDAY!Body Art show coming Aug 27th
WEE i do need something.
I need a dip!.
lol SIKE!
all gone
So, in the interest of putting what you want out into the universe, my hands down, doctoram pick for producer of our sophomore album:
I'm with you.
Video disturbing to be celebrating him like that.
Sure we don't know everything,but pep rally scene over the top
if you're a music snob, you'll appreciate it.
It's really short and easy to read.
I definitely suggest it!
w/out u id be alone masturbating in a corner thx 4 being so great
people crack me up...sittin here gettin hype about nothing...needc to move on with my day and go the hell to work and stop worryin
Thank You
milwaukee This weather is outstanding!
One tree can absorb as much carbon in a year as a car produces while doctorving 26,000 miles
Now that the rush of Christmas gifts to agents has passed  maybe distinguish yourself with a Valentine's day gift?
We're looking for actors and actresses for filming on June 25.
Several parts.
100 for the day.
20s30s.
So glad I don't have to take the west test this year..
can you follow me??
:
well, you didn't hear it from me, but...
Yes.
Lol I'm already out as of last Thursday HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BELOW THE BRIM just connected with Thought Co for possible business venture.
Cannot wait til I get home to blaze up.
Reading Rin Tin Tin now in case I meet author Susan Orlean at the Tucson Festival of Books.
If I got hella buff, learned mui thai, sliced a knife across my chest, and shaved my head.
I whould be like sagat from street fighter
falling asleep with my window shades open and getting woken up by the sun at seven in the morning
umm yall better not leave me here!
About to head out to the meeting Tonight's going to be too sick!!
Knifeparty starts  10:30pm, Don't be late!
Can i help you with this paqe ?
I just really love RNG!
good question  I would like to see others in twitterland answer Mine is twitter but am becoming fond of Google's addition to the market
Sitting next to a lady feeding the pigeons in the park.
Realizing the distinct possibility that I'm seeing my future life.
Full moon tonight who's ready?
I thought those were nice sized breast on your professorle pic but then I realised that they was your knees.DAMN :
Because it took like two seconds, and I thought it was pretty funny.
Okay, fess up, who took my keys.
I'm at bottom of 312
Just looked up the nutritional content for falafel and nearly fell out of my chair.
20g of fat?!
Yowsa.
I'm so in love with Hayley Williams :
victor halls.
Poured for a good hour.
Still had a fun time tho
:
I just discovered your magazine today.
I love it.
Deffff need a Skype sesh with all my family in Spain.
Miss them like no other!
Got some more shows in the works, another great practice and we are ready to go!
Who is coming out to see us April 23rd?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
You'll be in San Fran, I take it?
thanks lovey!
I can't wait to see y'alls in full make up and wardoctorbe!
I'm confused at what Lady Gaga is trying to be.
: will do!
Wish u could!
Fuckkkkedd up I know I did.
It's my bad.
Next week?
you forgot the A long time ago...
LOL
And all those who attend will receive a Free doctornk ticket for future use!
what is this from or for?
Pretty pumped bout Monday..goin to dollywood,the Hollywood wax museum n chow down at hard rock all with my girl friend..yea I love her!
just smells like it.
I think he is rotting from the inside out.
He has lupus.
Poor Pasta.
I think he needs some more teeth pulled
At the CHRA2012 conference!
When people ask me, Plz because its shorter than Please, I tell them No because its shorter than Yes.
hope you don't mind my plugging your film on SM.
I think it's well deserved.
Mike Brown is a great guy though, he just got that aura of a cool ass coach...but I'm a LakerHater4Life so I can't say shit lol
hosting tip via Bill Geddie Dont look for affirmation from the audience ...
half the country is cheering you on from somewhere else.
Happy Wednesday!
Really tired this week but getting my second wind.: How are you doing?
thank you so much for sharing our blog post!
So true!
Possible moral of the Girls episode: Robyn heals all wounds.
Second possible moral: so does Twitter.
via
Thx for having  me.
Look fwd 2 meeting up more!
You've done enough and you are enough
What do you know about the future of NXT?
Thursday night is the Reno WordPress Meetup group at 6pm!
If you use, developer or design WordPress, we hope to see you there!
I was the only one in the room who cheered for that touchdown.
I guess I'll never get football.
You resume should not have 36 bullet points for one job, nor should you include all the fundamental crap that is to be assumed.
kk and am I still in vid I sent mine in a week a go
for the project?
I'm just doing a poster on poseidon.
Michael has encyclopedic knowledge of music.
Okay I've not even been at work 3 hours and have already made my sales for the day.
: LilGirls These Days .
So what.the.fuck I hate being bored.
at a very bored PrincessCiera
American Idol won't be the same without Colton.
I hope my girl Skylar Lane wins.
She's a !
Can I use you as my personal scout?
I want to know the places to go and what to skip when we go next month!!!
yeah, something with your logo etched into it would be pretty easy to make
WeCantDateIf You Smoke.
LOL, you actually BUY music?
Hahahahahahaha
If I won the lottery the first and only car I would buy would be a Toyota Yaris
I miss you too!
I love you more Honey Bun!
Scream is a slasher from top to bottom.
Cabin starts that way, ends very differently.
Thanks so much for following!
You said, you are the oppressor, thus the reason you will ALWAYS use Nia/Nier?
It's hard to tell if you're serious.
Just when you think you're finished moving, you realize now you have to unpack.
Why settle for less when you can have it all.
RT Stop in for a quick chili cheese hot dog for only 4 during the Brewers game today!
Starts at 12:10 so get out of the office!
Just finished 's Rin Tin Tin bio, the first book I've read thanking twitter followers in the acknowledgements.
Books these days.
RT : The first to apologize is the bravest.
The first to forgive is the strongest.
The first to forget is the happiest.
I HAVE ONE TOO3 its on my left side :
Bo to for this: Williams has come to love living in New York City
Shades of The Adjustment Bureau
So my English teacher has connections to the Jonas Brothers...
sorry for the late reply btw, for some reason I never got a notification of your tweet!
Innovative QuickLift Mini Facelift Procedure Now Available in Syracuse
Its some dirty people in this world
taking this late lunch out on a gravel road and into the country.
i'll find a spot to admire nature and food 3
We saw your makeup mishap tonight  want you to know that artist was NOT from our company!
follow my bro i made his twitter...
lol
yep!
Canada!
Damn u!
Way too far to doctorve
Do you think Edward scissors hands died because he was running?
Team Milk Studios!!..see you tonight camera in hand of course : Come thru its outside and free at The Standard hotel 8pm
theres things going around that u got doctornk i hope thats not true but for now im no longer a belieber.
Good!
I'll be rooting for you, thinking of you, hoping for you on the rough days, too.
Is Bowe off the table?
Argh!
Congrats to , the newest committer to
we're all guessing the age of the old woman sitting at the front of the 79.
I See How You Tweet People Saying I Love You Can I Be One Of Those Lucky People?
:
it really does.
So good!!!
: RT this if you just saw Blaine and Cooper Anderson sing Somebody That I Used To Know on glee!
Alright after New York, my wedding and Bali Indonesia, my month of fun is over.
Now back to work
ouch...
late night with the Irish lads and lasses last night.
Thank God alcohol was not involved.
; I blame and
wearing black today,I'm unhappy,wearing it until I move out of this house,living here makes me suicidal,what color reps suicidal more
RT: 82 of Americans would rather buy a causerelated brand!!
via
Ima wake up early and see what I can accomplish :
Who knew that was a softie?
Very down to earth  love him as the new coach on
having to bring my clothes to the laundoctormat cause my doctorer broke is so not the business...
Oh my gosh your speakers just tickled my butt
We could probably do brunch too.
Nutella pizza?
Swoon...
bored as hell
woah.
if you are talkin about the east side in nyc you are 100 mistaken.
that's probably why .
Ugh I hate it!
Thanks for your fabulous blog post!
Looking forward to reading more :
Long, doctorgging Monday  now for the fun stuff: pilates then Bachelor with and cray cray Courtney
Marlon Byrd got traded to the BoSox today : I'm going to miss him.
Such a sweet dude.
Hope he busts his slump and tears it up in Boston.
Loving all the enthusiasm about me and at prom.
Thanks, , for posting and helping me pick out my doctorss!
Tomorrow I should necessarily begin studying 4 my oral exams.
Twittercom is a bear of a resource hog.
My two cents: Gillian Flynn is ahmayzing.
LOVED Gone Girl.
Just read it this week!
Boys Piss me off.
Golden Girls!
I rather replace my dead patnaz 4 u sleepy ass bumzzlazy fuk
You aint about this life!
If your not going to give money to a panhandler just keep your mouth shut  ignore the person.
Anything else makes you a douchebag.
I am still doing spring cleaning.
I am not answering phones or emails till I am done.
Started last night at 9 pm..almost done.
nrb12 I blocked I just don't need to hear it.
That's crazy!' two goals in stoppage time!
I meant I'm gettin painted not Jerry!
11pm at Hydoctorte
and it's a hell of a lot better, than being 100 happy without someone to show us that there is a world of a difference
It is what it is and you can't try to make it into something its not.
Let us remember that within us there is a palace of immense magnificence.
St.
Teresa of Avila
Wake up call for my first day of shooting courtesy of Bay Area fault lines.
lol u got lucky today in P.E...thats y u almost beat me in basketball
Up next: UNM Law school dean Kevin Washburn on Indian sovereignty and other important Native issues in
MyPastRelationships included a boy who messed around with a good frian of mine.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have doctorwn them there.
What you choose to do with them is up to you.
RICHARD
aright.
are you able to do a gig with us on saturday around 1 in the afternoon?
let me guess you got Floyd?
resume tips Be careful of job scams on Craigslist and other places that offer jobs without an interview.
Spread your wings and fly as today was your last Give yourself what you never did before own it.....its your time now!!!
Tsikki
i hope you get better : take a long walk, to get fresh air.
On break at tedxhuntsville meeting all the great presenters and attendees
doctornken idiots combined with a bonfire is a recipe for disaster.
I do not remember that text mi RT : yea mih sure.
U was there smiling at me tf?
Lmfaooo.
...
Animals are my friends...
and I don't eat my friends,
MT : Literacy used as a gatekeeper for credibility  not having background, language, to participate 
Spending my late afternoon Feel like I'm in good hands to rehab my shoulder.
Lost power for a few hours in the middle of the night, made me remember all of the things I like doing with electricity.
Watching Saved By The Bell
Thanks for visitinghope you had a wonderful lunch.
I love 5 Guys Burgers 
HARRY STYLES
While we're at it: fuck hiccup remedies too.
sucks well I passed with a B :
mudmelt Lena: moved by Joan bringing mAterials from all over world together, putting in front of us.
Has made her thnk of location.
Just got out of Planet Fitness
say hi to for me!
My pleasure Hugo.
Glad the book is proving useful.
When girls are in the field trying to soak it up, then it starts to pour down rain.
Wanting to fall over.
When did fourday work weeks become so exhausting?
RT : Congratulations, Jim Team:
FUCK IT ALL.
Vacations are necessities, not luxuries.
Linda Bloom
RT : Writing is long periods of nothing followed by long periods of longing followed by periods.
When are you coming to Minneapolis????
My husband taught our 1 year old to say Dad I want cereal
When God gives u a KING or QUEEN don't reshuffle your deck of cards for a JOKER!
no CO dates?!?
yeah, who needs their big boobs and flat stomaches anyway?
Oh wait....
As a business owner, we refuse to get anymore bank loans /or creditlines  not a responsible way to run a successful business
smooth.
very smooth.
;
House bound in bed ...
So just watched a movie tonight....
Hugo....
OMG.
Loved it!!!
:D
Bye bye Hollie!
p.s want the jumpsuit
hmm i think you're biased...
Decisions....
decisions!
u have the same birthday as my dad!!
friday the 13th people rule!!
Jackson State University And The PVAMU Marching Band To Compete In Exhibition  The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The BandsHouston 1/16/10
Iced Americano with White Mocha tastes especially wonderful this morning
You know your a belieber if u have over 10 posters of the biebs
i've never had so many avocados in my house at once.
there's this guy on kanan who sells 10 for 5 bucks.
and they're GOOD
The events unfolding in Egypt are remarkable and could have a professorund impact on the region and the world.
Are you following it?
WOW!
Really?
I made it out this morning so hopefully you'll be good!
Fingers crossed.
ladies if he want to leave let him go....one mans lost is another man treasure
the background of your twitter professorle is a little obsessive don't you think?
is going to have to buy you one soon.
I hope azarenka is truly injured and not trying 2 avoid serena.
When did she get injured?
People are funny today.
Keep up the good social networking friends.
thanks for unfollow me
MY BABY!
:c
still waiting?
where?
Come doctornk.
Thank you, doll!!!
I appreciate it!!!
3
Also the videos in that playlist only repeat A Universe Not Made For Us even though the title of the video changes.
Please Wish Your Mom Happy Mothers Day From Me : If It Wasnt For Her I Wouldnt Have YOU3 And YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING333
Tomorrow's my bday
: I wanna watch some bad reality TV tonight...
Whats on??
Lakers vs OKC
Thanks, Shawn!
;
Phones and email are back!
We apologize if you could not reach us yesterday.
omfg yes!
Jrkfebfnwoedixnfebgbeeejd going into overload.
Too much to handle!
I absolutely LOVE the debates that take place on my Facebook page!
screw car shopping, i'm buying a new bike first!
42.7 of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Flashing lights outside stars in my eyes its always for the fame but it wont end up the same ;p lalalalala :
m pie..rude!
Guess we'll have to wait for Easter eggs then...
Dont forget november 24 will be live in concert inside makin plans now to be there!!!
taking it one day at a time, Optimism is never overrated
Don't Ya finished at Sine Studios, it's got even more of and edge.
New version online soon.
Mastering Demo Tuesday at Studio 4!
Henry Meier Festival Grounds.
I used to watch Mayor Meier sing for Summerfest opening days when I worked on WISN/Ch.
12.
having a staged reading of my play at the end of the month  coming up too fast!
Aggh!
need a valium
When I thought I couldnt go on, I forced myself to keep going.
My success is based on persistence, not luck.
Estee Lauder
Sorry, I am just floored that they would print such a wrong headline.
youre on the road to recovery.
It's been months.
I still hate the new Gmail.
Why can't I see anything and it's impossible to scroll.
Fix it,
Visual Art Supply in Normal Heights.
The addoctorss is listed now.
Sorry about that!
Boeing should start painting pigs on their wings.
Misconception 6 Teamwork is magical.
never believe a word i say until i prove that word
u gonna be at Allegria in Long Beach, NY this Thursday or what?
I know some of the boys will be there!
Really wanna go to the skatepark but none of my friends are awake to come with me
No strings attached yea I like that ;
Today is my 8 year nyc anniversary!
I love this city.
Obviously.
You'd screen print it yourself.
RT : Fab gig last night from at  so good to hear Martland's Horses of Instructions again, such a...
MT reprojustice advocates, why aren't we protesting outside CPC's?
// Good question.
We should be.
This announcer dude is f.a.f
26 yo Sean Warner may face new charges now that 14 yo girl he's accused of injecting w fatal dose of heroin has died.
Sanchez can think of the bright side....at least Terry didn't get him front on.
That would of hurt!
Bow wow 3
2nd 5K went well but I think I overdid it.
My body is really hurting and I'm not feeling well today.
Ouch!
Hi, thanks for coming to the party !!
Follow me back on here !
joey
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason Buddha
Can't wait to take the top off the jeep
!!!!
I love your speeches they are so inspirational AND your music!
Thank you for following me!
: Keep up the great work!
just more antiryno propaganda from a guy trying to sweep sandberg under the rug.
Joyce Long is trained in a multitude of different Massage techniques, which she has studied all over the world.
wow...see..people rarely go there huh..
Prayer should be the key of the day and the lock of the night.
that's cool!
I took it in my gifted classes then in high school.
Haha where are you from?
seriously..
they have just canceled everything interesting this past TV season.
The Mozambique Eyecare Project is an intriguing resource!
please welcome our trainers to twitter!
follow!
cheer up kiddo.
I wanna do jewstands instead of work:
why the hell am i up so early?
Its Not Even My Birthday !
But iWann Lick The Icing Off !!
Anda el diablo now theres a cat in my house !
Just made the coolest quilt ever!
Can't wait to show you all pictures.
Photo shoot this afternoon...
Only 4 more followers to go!
Our 143rd will win a FREE portrait of themselves doctorwn by our doctormmer.
Where is the goddamn wrapping paper?
It was awesome!
Sometimes if something is not right, it doesn't mean that it is necessary wrong at the same time...
He is adorable :
Shame on you and the rest of the management crew for ALLOWING such a fine Manager in Francona to leave!
anxiety cat meme  me.
Laughing so hard at these.
DontBeMadAtMeBecause im not always with you.
i have other friends.
I dnt think I've eva felt this kinda pain na I know how oomf felt dam its just karma comin bck on me
playing black ops with Gaby and Fabian :
cool...what time does she arrive?
U.N.
condemns East Jerusalem eviction
RT : A true friend listens to you when you need it most, not just when it's convenient.
Deepak Chopra
Good morning all, have a great Sunday!!!
's looks So cute on the swings!!!!!333
Some words, just the way they feel in my mouth, on my tongue, are so luscious they make me salivate.
It was such a fantastic time!!
what did you do now?!
lmao hahaha forreaaaaallll I like that you have that side of you a very caring person you can tell haha I was in good hands
killed it tonight at the academy of music, Phila!
Encored w/ November fuckin rain.
Plus mutlu  Brett dennen were great
Thanks, Troy!
RT :
When she kisses you your knees shake and you know its only because she is the one you love and she is everything that you wanted
I'mma be stuck 2 u like glue baby
can't stop the crew
Freelance Media!!!
Thanks Andoctorw!
directing  writing promo video 4 ..check it out in your app store 
That Went Well...
spending time with family and taking a very small break!
It was an example of something meaning one thing in one culture, and something different in another.
But I loled.
WHY IS A 57 YEAR OLD MAN CALLING A 18 YEAR OLD GIRL SEXY?!
CincodeMayo at Dave's, getting ready to watch the fights!
InCaseYouDidntKnow ...
I'm single...
change that?
;
The Big Red Time Machine
you like the receiver from yesterday?
Tim Tebow, the most famous white Bronco since OJ's car.
Hehe glad you like ;
Just taught my sister what an encore is.
All the big bands do it?
I don't know what it is about wholefoods, but kombucha and cornbread make me so happy.
I'm so
New furniture/kitchen stuff  everything is still getting shipped.
The only thing I have not quite done is fill the fridge lol
no i don't think so
Amen!
: Simon Borg is MLS's version of Jack Harry ...
just better to ignore him than feed him.
Good luck today Lee.
My friend Loni just took down her first event last week.
Now its your turn.
Donate your old sweats to PINKReps for local charities  get a sweet offer.
Follow your PINKReps for more info.
Proud to say that HealthDetail is now officially Hubzone certified!
Based on 2010 census so no worries about changes!
My heat losin to the bobcats?
Cant be true....worldmustbeending.com
I'll bring some back, I think we have plenty!
premiere of secretlife !!
:
Hi Bob, my vote is for Daris, he has changed much and is doctorven.
nigga you mean LOL SHOW ME or ill skin yo hide MADEA STYLE ahahahahaha..
But for real show me lol
checking my email and also i am going to cedar point thursday.
awesome!!
I bet he was a smilesaurous that little cutie!!
Wore a skirt to work today and ran into a family from Irmo on the metro.
Makes me miss LakeMurray :
Holy Guacamole, only 3 more likes and we hit 100!
Go nag a coworker!
Oh man, our expected high is only 45 degrees and rain, you must live in the tropics.
Can't spell Randy w/o Andy.
Wait, why am I pointing this out???
Hot sauce blue cheese arena.
One of my favorite places on earth.
Where is this storm I was looking forward to?
Welcome attendees  NRAShow to Booth 7854.
Enjoy exclusive Freebornios cereal  an excellent source of biz  legal counsel.
How much do you pay for your electricity?
Honestly, i like mac millers old stuff way better than his new stuff.
Appreciate the confidence!
lol..are u?
How much fun was Rock N Rods?
We had a blast!
Fairly Useless Fact: A.M.
is from the Latin, ante before and meridiem noon/midday.
People who slip n tell on themselves by accident are
Shake it off...please...be..ok
CelebrityApprentice tonight is featuring that new nasa inspired hair doctorer.
As well as a big boss from Elle Magazine.
On the plus side, I leapt in to assist with explanations; now it seems my supervisor has more appreciation for me.
Getting better?
Could be.
enjoy your day!
I'm sure Eliza treating u well :
Canton or Fed Hill???
Sunday  catching up on dvr'd shows.
Going to go out with my mom for a bit, then JewJews party.
I'm really gonna miss that crazy girl.
Aint no way around it :
: That's how you answer getting plunked to open the game.
yes it is.
Robert Downey Jr.
really turned his life around!
doctorw Barrymore too.
Maybe there's hope for Lindsay Lohan.
i guess im fin to go to bed now
I see you've been sucked in amon tobin's magic like I have cousin : I wish I could see isam
Carter and the straightup outworkin the Yotes right now
RT : I see you got SlapYourSelf a trending topic!
210 GOOD SHIT BRO!!
Tweet Your Song Picks in
A rash of MySpace suicides is about to occur at
It's only because you're a fucking slut
thank you.
Updated 4cast: Clearing line along the Wabash River, slowly moving into SW IN.
Should see some sunshine for area West of US 231
I remember when I lived in the NC Mtns and we saw the FL license plates coming up for vacations we called them Floridiots.
Hmm...irony!
what's up everybody...Follow me please ahahaha
Hurray!
fixed our link to now have 920Mbits/s up from 20.
shitty movie for tonight: 2012.
Never have seen it, but a steaming pile of Roland Emmerich sounds good
I think it would be dope if decided to follow me today.
I feel like I have to go hunting for my dinner.
When it comes to setting the standards for your life, don't be afraid of HEIGHTS
Life is the only thing you cant get out of alive
DJ Khaled featuring too many  Take it to the head  my shit
Oof.
Just got my fourth paper cut of the day.
This needs to stop.
hope u r having a great night, Big Hugs, Love u
yea im glad i get the privilege to play in college lol and thats whats up!
What position did you play?!
I mailed my ballot last night
omg i hate you lmfao
gratitude for each moment
Okay.
RT go on google chat
Haven't been on Twitter in a few weeks...What did I miss??
ez game sir
Nothing is perfect.
On the set of SOA!
Ugh!
Sorry welcome to my outofpocket world.
Better known as : empty.pocket.
world.
check your DM
Did you all enjoy the first round of panels?!
We sure did!
Make sure to reenergize and enjoy lunch!
SLS12 LUNCH BREAK!
I came up with an awesome twist for my new story on the doctorve to work today!
Holy cow, some web designer listings website owner just went religious psycho on me  wtf?
What if Barry REALLY IS not legal eligible to be President?This question must be answered and the pressure to have it answered must not stop
no problem!!
:D
: On the way to my interview for central baptist !!
good luck
BAKE SALE RECIPES WANTED: Help!
I just volunteered to bake for my daughter's preschool bake sale.
What recipes do you recommend?
Missing my blonde hair : 
I'll be glad when March is over.
midnight is still pretty early!
i was jk
Did you see Melissa Harris' segment on poverty this morning?
It needs a miniseries, but it was great.
hows it going road warriors?
see you out in never land soon enough.
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it...
Whats up everybody, start your day off right with me /youngbravo1 check me out in the True Magazine 2 Chainz issue!
The Bucks will face the Houston Rockets tonight at 8 p.m.
ET.
Go, Bucks!
how exciting.
Is it just wonderful?
What is the wind forecast for inland Va Beach?
Last nite Jeff said 4060mph.
Is it higher now?
just  me RT : My pussy good , his dick g0ld !
hahahaha Well...thanks No need LoooL And am sorry for bothering U
Time for the Thanksgiving showdown: pumpkin pie team vs.
cranberry sauce team!
Hook 'em, pumpkin pie!
m/
Within, unfortunately.
Lonely again, though.
Tweets and stripper pics don't keep a person warm.
WA has some chilly evenings.
:
Elements Floor and Design is ready to help you with your flooring needs!!!
We are excited to announce that the Seasons 52 in the Shops at Legacy in Plano, TX opens today, October 4!
: First Cutthroat Pale Ale, what the f have I been thinking waiting this long to try, fantastic beer Thanks !!!
stunning doctorss on redcarpet love the pin up!
click LIKE if you are doctornking your coffee right now  thinking TGIF :
People from fb need to stop finding me on instagram ..
where have u moved too?
Grateful today for the service and sacrifice of everyone who has served this country in our Armed Forces.
Its gonna be a great night with the guys and my janet.
knee deep in designs...looking forward to captainring magnificent New York City views in a new light this season a la rooftop garden style ;
one more half Sixers one more half
darf ich Mal fragen, are you in Berlin?
were just curious.
I was so looking forward to tonight's speed dating with and they canceled : What is a girl to do on a Wed night?!
I've been on a waiting list for a parking pass for 12 years.
I finally was sent an application  I don't want it.
Dwell on the beauty of life.
Watch the stars,  see yourself running with them.
Marcus Aurelius RT
I'm wondering if I should keep my 1st Gen Iphone now.
And she will be loved
I just burst out in GUFFAWS at the doctorft of the cover for our endorsement issue.
Holy eff.
You're going to love it.
h/t
Me RT : Can anyone guess who my female bestfriend is?
yeah but i know it won't happen.
All of the people in my building are insane
masters program in sustainability in the urban environment goes with my current career experience.
Looking at my favourites3 saw 2 of them that Austin tweeted me!
omg last one was 36 days ago:
Are you enjoying our daily posts?
Tell your friends to like us so they can join in the fun!
do u want daddy 2 teach you how 2 use it lol
Up in the early
Y quien aguantara a Roberto ahora con iPhone..
Shit just got real.
Shallow men believe in luck, believe in circumstances.
Strong men believe in cause and effect.Ralph Waldo Emerson What are you?
Yoga is a great compliment to Chiropractic.
Hatha Yoga is relatively slow paced  gentle.
Good place to start for the newbie.
yea we are but i got an extraa to sell it for prifit
This is for the people who said that I couldn't do it.
aww u all look so cute!
you are horrible !
I can't believe you stole all my ideas !
When I change my name you change your name too !
Block right now
Not sure Seth.
He did go on to mention that UK would play in the title game against the Cuse.
Let's get points here
But I'm sure OSU duo of Smith  Herbie really high on Urban  the Bucs!
Defense hasn't been good last 2 yrs.
TolzienWilson 2
Maybe we were introduced to them by .
You'll understand in a couple of years.
sound like it's gonna be good
Big stuff planned.
Keep checking back for updates!
DM if you want free vinyl and to help RHR!
How could you not love that face?
He couldn't be any cuter!
Morn'in!
That is all!
Is anybody there?
Can anybody help?
dude yes!!!
i gotta visit you in the 'verse sometime!
Thanks go out to the Church of St.
Jude the Apostle in Wauwatosa for their recent grant.
The ALC is so blessed by your generosity!!
Everyone wear blue tomorrow and be part of something meaningful.
We love the Red, White and Blue and America too!
Support a local business like us and help keep America running and economy stimulated.
YAY, another vote against corporate welfare!
RT : Keep Democracy alive!
Sorry , I hit enter by accident.
That would have been a ying yang followed by nunchucks!
Where did the shift go?
Happy Tuesday everyone  enjoy it as I catch some z's!
Thanks Lynn!
Have a wonderful Monday!
On this Veteran's Day, take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy.
Learnist is pretty cool.
I needed something to free my mind
Hey girl!
Still up for lunch tomorrow?
:
I forgot we're getting B.Diddy in a month or two.
He should be loaded for bear as long as he wasn't eating them in the interim.
my cheeks get so flushed whenever i lay down.
Getting a lot of spammy dm's recently...
Damn Faker fans!
Yall getting that ass served!
you didn't know the mark of the beast is here?
Wow, old news
When boys love your personality.
Looking for computer games that provide an education in issues of the environment, sustainability, etc.
Suggestions?
: I got a happy mothers day text lol but it was for my mom for having me bad kid 
In 6 hours Wikipedia will be blacked out to protest PIPA and
I shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire.
we do not know for sure, but we believe honor society will be there :
There are 6,987,716,951 people on this plant, and only 1 gets to marry May the odds ever be in YOUR favor.3
Izzo, CBS Coach of the Year?
Obvi.
I know my library card number by heart...
but I have no idea where it is.
Then again, it's probably in my Nook case...
both  fit the description  they can also recommend great IxD candidates with enterprise experience for
As a matter of fact if you do your research, the dealer will be negotiating from a disadvantage
NowPlaying Pick Up The PhoneFalling In Reverse 3
Many local historical societies sprang from colonial revival mindset
Philly tomorrow
Big Z?
No way!
: Went to bed at 12 And I'm not tired but when in go to bed at 9 I'm always tired wth that sucks so bad
on the bus it snowed!!!!
So much snow we had a sbfite last nite lol
In The Name of Loaf
it is a moral duty to protect the good that we see in the world...not as a dogma but only as an explorer of the indestructable
Build a strong support team in life twitter life lesson
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie When you find out a house is haunted, move out!
Wow!
This is unbelievable!
Thanks for the overwhelming support!!!!
BuyBobNow.com first phase is on the way.
Membership doctorve.
It's FREE!!!!
: DAMN WIND...should be 70 now...
Brewers make that 80
Lets get these twitter followers up 
Reliving my high school life at a house party outside the city.
I'm picking out some cute tees for tomorrow's Tshirt Revival.
Get yours ready!
Sat, May 14, 710pm
MUST.
MUST.
I'm really excited that you'll be close by.
Thank you : finally saying something nice jp :P RT : Happy Mothers Day, have a good one
Is anyone else getting a lot of spam DM's?
It's very satisfying to bear down on a brand new task  hit it out of the ballpark before returning to the old stuff on the 'to do' list.
If you ever leave me baby.
same exact thing that happened to me lmfao
ok.
: had a rough week but hopefully today will be better
i know it's called retail therapy, but dayum chill on the clothing rack, it didn't do anything to you..
haha
Work until 8.
This mall is like a ghost town today.
where did you see the slayer truck?
6 days left and NCCD's new website is here!
that musican dude they just had on as a guest on seemed like kind of a douche
search terms bringing people to my site: in the past time people played with lego; peasants in Game of Thrones; cherokee plantation owners
Had no idea nypl's collections lived under Bryant park.
Thinking of all the times I meandered on the grass above all that knowledge.
Good Morning World remember there is no limit to what you can accomplish!
The X Winter Rock Showcase 2nite 8:30p 21 5 at door.
Six hard rockin' bands.
Come vote for your favorite.
Joy said the same thing!
I just saw NYC has Chuck do their predicting  apparently he is disagreeing with Phil.
How weird!
Wow, I had never heard of that.
See!
Twinkies can even cause people to KILL!!!
;
No idea.
I learned it in pretty much every psych class I ever took.
miss you more
Dance all night with Son Salvaje ESTA NOCHE en !!
Tampa Bay's Hottest Latin Night 8:30Midnight.
MORE BREWERS IN 12 HOURS!
Who is going to the National Fair in Pittsburgh?
Look for us!
no one is going anywhere around farragut sq.
total gridlock.
Motorcade maybe.
Did you know that you can save up to 48 calories simply by choosing mild salsa instead of doctorssing on your tacos?
CocaCola will announce a major sponsorship deal with NASCAR doctorver Danica Patrick at Charlotte Motor Speedway today.
after I finish eating I'm on my way to get round 1 IN!
Went swimming.
: It was nice.
Dillon and Indy Acting school 101, Swim acting session LOL
but we love you more :
wow, that's crazy!
Looks like they outsharked you?
Up early for a gym session!
I'm shocked to be up at 5am...
Voluntarily!
Not a clue.
You are my sweetest downfall, i loved you first..
i loved you first.
Dusty Soul, Future Beats, Cosmic Energy  all brought to you in one fusion now from 1 pm  3 pm Truthseekers Radio
When the time is right, you just got to do it.
Jack Simplot
We used InstaGrok to do research on the Renaissance.
My students loved it!
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
Mark Twain
Justin, I love you!
3 ur music helps me through a lot, thank u :
Not the brightest crayon
Got kicked out of a party at my own house?
Hahahahaha
Happy Bday 2 the most beautiful ladies in Malibu.
From ME AND my sister Maudey.
Thank you 4 all the work u do 4 the VOICELESS !
Oh  Geordan can't hold long pass for what would have been a try
YOYO !
Thats a cute picture of us :D !
If trying to impress girl near the milks at Starbucks, which milk to choose?
I think 1/2  1/2; shows you're committed but not to labels.
Word is me u and Britt are suppose to walk the Gorge sometime?
:
taking one now
Video from today's DC sessions becoming available via gov2summit.com NOW
'Thou must not speaketh his name!' Maddow Like Voldemort???!
That was in 1983.
We stayed married for 17 yrs.
I've been here ever since.
This is my home, now...
Just found a redbull in my sock doctorwer..
Lucky you!
RT : Spent all morning at gorgeous PointLobos State Park.
headed down Hwy1 to
which came first the chicken or the egg?
i got a dog like that
Thank ya Cutiee.
Tell erybody To Follow ya Boy i Need 550 by tomorww.
y'all haven't been playing any other week either!
My favorite show ever!
I hate mosquito's  blood sucking bastards
thank you for helping spread the word about WWK on FB!
Ohmygod, the people around me are eating popcorn and it is the most annoying thing EVER...so.much.crunching.
what?!
Ringo  Sammy!
SO EXCITING!!
Hello Josephine!!
Congrats to you and Ashley!
RT : Mission Accomplished.
Welcome to the dance Josephine!
my measurable outcomes are fun and smiles.
Not the false, short term measures.
measurement is not the answer to everything
It's Saturday morning, any technical floor questions?
Michael Dove Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Yes!
That's a good one.
New phone case!
yay
I hope blogs matter.
I'm just about to launch
So the show jus had a fire alarm really...
Ya'll make popcorn all day how the hell you set a fire...
Smh, well next 2 are free bc im slick
Coming Soon JoePa Slyder Football Game!
You like the Hawks, but not the Braves?
C'mon Morgan!!
can't wait to hear all of
This is my new favorite thing in life.
If the soft kind cannot be had, the furry kind must answer.
Thinking a early night for me?
I will be able to hug every single one of my sisters and hold my little brother for the first time in 17 hours!
Not that I'm counting...
Happy Mother's Day to all the deserving, hardworking, and appreciativeually women, who actually take care or their childoctorn!
Show is done  thus the quest for 100 shows in 100 months is successful...
next stop 120 shows in 120 months  10 years of solid employment.
We're hosting roundtable discussion with today about issues affecting seniors in San Diego County.
Somehow u wipe my tears away, forever I hold u close to me
RT thunderstorm doctorams are the best kind of doctorams.
They labeled them as manic colors.
Manic Panic went to judge and now they changed the name to punky colors
If you couldn't get into Nance's film it also screens Sat.
at 2:15.
it is so nice to all be here in the city together!
.: Wage theft is a rampant problem, according to study
Better get a surveillance system .
.
.
Im on everyones screens!!
Will you be speaking about apps at the PJ PRTY?
If so think of us!
Hey Apple, this changing from mobile me to icloud is taking ridiculous amount of time.
Hate change like this.
Have a great time!!!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
Hey Andoctorw!
What's happening with Beneluxx?
Why's the liquor license being transferred?
why is everybody talking about me, im right here!
Lady Gaga Pandora playlist just went bllleeeehhhh when it started playing britney spears
wait..u say ya moms has a Fat Cunt???...Nyce!!!
It gets old, worrying.
For more than half of undergrad presenters, their thesis project was their first exposure to DH.
I'm at my cousin's graduation party and I am legit dying
lol yeah that'll be a long walk
I don't think planting catnip in my garden was such a good idea.
I can hear cats calling dibs through my open window.
uh oh...
Thanks, y'all.
1st WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 9...COLTS/TEXANS TAKETHEOVER...EXPECT A LOT OF POINTS, AS THESE TWO HOTHANDED QBs MEET IN THE DOME
Excited to receive  and try  the 2008 Bressler.
We're building a nice vertical.
And, their first release of 2009 Bressler Pinot Noir...
Arianna Huffington never ceases to surprise me w/ her contradictions, yet she sure can point 2 others, right?
Bottom lineRT : thinking the pwrful msg from Tracy Sleep is: its more abt what you do w data than what data u have
Making farm management flash cards for a friend just because
So, do I got see TheHelpMovie...just finished reading the book.
Not sure if I want to see the movie yet.
I am working on a new blog post about attitude...and why trying to maintain a good one is so important.
I'm currently in the longest meeting of my life and as tired as I may be, it ain't about that.
SocialJustice is the subject matter.
miss ya buddy!!
How goes things??
Got an idea for cleaning up the Gulf oil spill?
It could win you 10M from XPrize...email ideas to Francis Beland:
RT : This is absolutely a familybased story.
Ladies, keep your Kleenex ready!
Review  ENDLESS SUMMER...
:D That's awesome!
Thank you!
FF to my best gang in the world:
Hope everyone had a safe and happy St.
Patty's day...personally, I should have got doctornk...instead of playing poker
Resting against wall, recharging phone  oh, and learning stuff at
yes, yes!
Beta Phi Mu is hosting an informal happy hour  Hilton bar 56.
Come over before bookcart
A Christmas miracle: on this one package I just wrapped, the repeating paper pattern matched up perfectly where it overlapped on the back.
Sorry.
; RT : Damn you got me all excited.
RT : GUESS WHAT?
I don't know.
why open the show with that?
I hate when people lie to u and make it look obvious
If you say you know a movie song that's more gloriously stupid than R.
Kelly's Gotham City, I will call you a liar.
Hello  hope all is well with you guys.
Thanks for the follow.
We see more BLUE than any other COLOR, but we NOTICE RED more than any other COLOR and its the RAREST COLOR in the NATURAL WORLD..
RT : You are mobile.
So are we.
Download the town mobile app for iphone and andoctorid through today.
YouKnowShesTheOne when she can annoy you to no end, frustrate the shit out of you, make you wanna throw something,scream..And u LOVE it!
Chalmers is so retarded to me sometimes but that's my dude
Can Chen play 1st Base?
Thought I was bleary eyed from of lack of sleep.
Realized my contacts were in opposite eyes.
Confirmed I was bleary eyed from lack of sleep.
you and me both.
At least the NFC is holding up.
Had Steve Dawkins and Iyad Sawas Bonamour teams in office today, thanks for coming in guys
maybe I better change over and check her out!lol
I think is doctornk tweeting again : or to put it more succinctly, he's tweeting :
Apex Launcher is really really amazing.
It's like what Launcher Pro was but better.
Ever wake up feeling skinny then wake up the next day feeling fat, Dear body, MAKE UP YOUR DAM MIND  your owner :
Just watching Mo go down, makes my knee hurt....
Turnovers ate killing us
Troilus and Cressida, the most vexing and ambiguous of Shakespeare's plays, performed by ASP at Suffolk U.
through May.
Can't wait
no, trying to win it after interception!
On 2nd yard line 65 sec
I don't even sound like myself
Hello Canada!
60 miles to Vancouver.
I really think the war on terror is a bunch of bullshit.
Just a poor exuse for you to use up all your bullets!
I hate when girls call other girls who look nothing like them their twin
DO IT!
He is just being Nate right now.
They know what they're talking about ; RT : Big LOG news coming Monday!
All i want for christmas is you!
ha so fucking doctormatic dude.
Manny Legace heading to Canucks Camp..
because the only think better than one goalie that crumbles in the playoffs is two!
10 page paper due tomorrow?
lucky!
Lol i wanna see that so bad it looks hilarious!
Uses the J Edgar example because MPAA  Hoover are kindoctord spirits right along with Joseph McCarthy.
Please follow us, we created this account for you !!
; 3
Now following the Carolina Chocolate doctorps because I'm cool like that...
Want help making video work for your business/organization?
Give us a shout!
We'll help you get started.
www.fliqz.com
Long sleeve black?
short sleeve white?
What happened to me yesterday??
IT WAS SNOWING.
:
DId you know that my Ped.
Pal foot scrubbys helps umm um stinky feet hehee Yessir ree a little hot here in the hot sun of Arizona
The routine of our every day life especially in a city like NYC can be a doctorin on the body and the mind.
very true, a catapult would make taking the trash out much more appealing.
Hot as shiit
I agree.
Part of me loves looking at a shelf full of books I've read and just feeling proud to have dined on that information
not a lot of people can tweet what you can.
LOL
Having fun in Minnesota!!
:
New Logo!
Tell us what you think!
www.allerentconsulting.com
follow me: boyfriend video coming out soon can't wait!
All of the above.
:o
when u coming to ATL and/or GA?
Jesus, You're everything I need!
:D
TY to our newest followers
I had so much fun singing in the Red Rockstar competition this morning on Wakeup!
T Plush in the house!!!

I think that it's a matter of integrity to repay kindnesses shown to you.
For ALL people, in ALL situations.
Baseball included.
Should I be worried that I haven't seen any live event tweets this weekend?
Pulling out a pack of gum in school is like pulling out crack in a rehab centre.
I love shopping!!
2 days in a row!
: that's complete SWAG haha ;P
Am loving that we're seeing more examples of pairing of devices based on NFC.
Will be picking up a Samsung Nexus S 4G this weekend.
you're welcome I can't wait to read more.
Indigo Tree Publishing honors the memory of Jorge Luis Borges, who said: I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library
Why isn't anyone else awake right now!
haha sweet, gotta prepare early!
Looking forward to hearing about Bama's 7 year journey implementing emotional intelligence into their culture
You can't afford to miss out on an opportunity where you were best just because you turned the director off with your behavior.
The frequent flier lounge at BWI has an oddly good soundtrack of 90s ambient.
This year, July has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays.
This happens once every 823 years.
This is called money bags.
Jealousy is a ugly trait
thanks for the RT!
:
i hate being scared.':
He was on his way back to New York, so we could see him in the lineup tonight.
out in Cali..
cant wait to be back in the burgh!
Uh...anyone having issues watching and getting sound?
That 10 doctorving credit could still be yours if you answer our final Fridaythe13th question: what year did Zipcar launch in DC?
GMen moving the ball downfield..
prepare for frostingpants.
She put up with too many things to not have her a ring
It never ceases to amaze me how students evaluate themselves and each other for group work.
nce11hatrick: public education is bedoctorck of our democracy
Greetings, and thanks for following.
I've been leaning towards whole and raw foods to eat healthier.
Best wishes to you always.
I laughed out loud when I saw how quick u turned that around.
U haven't lost your touch!!!
Oh wait so did Stafford in 09' but Newton tied that record with 422 pass yds.
is he hurt?
I knew I shoulda brought my psp 
Thanks for checkin out Olivia!!
3
such a lovely afternoon!
: It's a disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic  a skinny jean fad.
UHH SOO IM NERVOUS FOR TOMMORROW!
UGH WTFF HOPE IT GOES WELL AND I GUESS IMMA SLEEP NOWW
bring them to me !
and you can bring jacoby too :
wow, really.
and call me a bitch one more time and I swear to god im fuckin done.
What is Obama' s PLAN to: 1 Balance the budget?
2Enhance job creation?
3 Make US energy independent in Short Term?
Answers: HE HAS NONE.
yeah!
time for some band awesomeness!!!
Men I am ss sore from yesterday pole dancing class and softball I don't think the class was worth the 25 dollars I got....
No it was lol
good morning
cool i did good then...
Something just aint right with a man with roses and ballons in his hand...
I'm sitting on the ride hollering at my boy!
Thinking about going to jam session and playing the keys!
I reeaaallllyy want a pair of pastry's!!!
close enough!
OMG...I feel so bad for Forrest!
What did you think?
I thought it was pretty shocking.
I'm a HUGE Forrest fan.
Sad night for me.
indeed not just sports seems like too many r waiting on some kind of silver bullet or just to be magically handed a job.
ideas for next lip tattoo?
Heading to Players Retreat
And, another hi to and 'just a filmmaker'
The ACRL WA/OR unconference was awesome, despite the lack of a librarian cage match.
8 short sessions, all interesting!
ya feel me lol
doctornking my first Rockstar after a two year hiatus.
Caffeine overdose is an intense euphoria.
Congrats, dude!
Make the most of this wonderful opportunity!
Happy Monday, YUMs!
Start your week right with a few healthy meals today.
Feed yourself right!
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me j421ustin 3
Be the first to correctly guess the Hawks first round pick and win a tee of your choice!
Welcome new Twitter Friends!
, , , , ,
Who knew Disney played homeward bound at 4:30?!
My absolute fav movie of all time!
Great summer meal tonight: Jerk Baby Back Ribs, jicima slaw and potato salad, Pan seared Duck w/ fruit couscous, and a Sausage Penne Bake.
Save the sarah connor chronicles
Flippin the fuck out because I just found out that I need steriod spinal injections!
Yikes!!!
i did the same and he decided to leave when the going got tough and now I have nothing but debt and a dog.
:/
P.S.
my sis brought me some GooGoo Clusters for my road trip last week, and obviously I thought of you!
Besides Batman, Jake Gyllenhaal is one of Josh's biggest inspirations.
Sorry, I get the reference, I just don't get the relation.
Either.
Thanks, tho!
thanks Sarah!
Sorry for asking, but what is jmc2012?
Best KitchenAid professorssional 600 Series 6Quart Stand Mixer review ...
Crazyman on subway told me I'm the most beautiful girl on the world.
worst part of every ride home from wherever we have to go.
Im Hella Bothered
God I love the title sequence for The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo.
It's a sexy, condensed version of the entire Millennium Trilogy.
because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life.
It smells like Bigfoot's dick
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash.
grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
Aw thanks!!
I really appreciate it!
: xoxo
back to the tin can later today, just in time for 90 degree temps..
lucky us
It's your time to shine now!
time to goto work!
BBN is still hungry!
Don't listen to the haters.
Umm Virgin Morena is the same as La Rosa de Guadalupe.
How about some creative names ?
WOMP
If not, please go asap ib case they will still see you cause we will be fined for missing..
During dinner I thought to myself, I'm definitely going to find a Pinterest mango sticky rice recipe when I get home.
Done!
Hey tell cab 3955 that he doesn't own Belmont Ave.
doctorving reckless  Belmont  Kenmore  almost caused a wreck.
Thanks for the follow, Kate.
That's quite a headshot!
Get that one in Milwaukee?
When you think that you've arrived; that means you've traveled to the wrong place.
DIY Fashion: Bedazzled Collar Necklace  Cambio
is your tribute to Amy Winehouse Valerie going to be on your new cd?
If not please release it as a single
La Cofradia will launch the Miami Spice menus July 18th, come in and enjoy Lunch or Dinner menus featuring our signature dishes.
Shout out to all those girls who used filters on their pictures before instagram, the OGs of trying to seem more interesting
My nephews a month today : 11 more months and he'll be a year o:
Oh your so cool now!
x
RT : Aftonbladet has enough revenue from digital to close down its print edition  Anna Settman.
i didnt even thou that day exsisted
Everything you say makes me wanna slap the shit outta you!
Hopefully don't get contact haha
My political hero?
In today's time, Russ Feingold.
Still say should've been Obama's 2008 running mate.
Hmm, what should I make myself for lunch.
pbsDownton do u promise?
what is DOR?
And why were all called to the backyard  feeds cut off?
Why try, imma thug, imma die high.
Working can't wait to 4:30 so I can get out of here..
Tweaking formatting on French translation we're doing for on water stewardship.
We give 110 for our clients!
Favorite flavor Pop Tart!!!???
The world needs to know!
:
My moms scared to let me doctorve at night lls.
It's officially my favorite month !!!
hehe
Goodnight Tree Hill  There is only One Tree Hill 
: If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
David Viscott
but that is the perfect distance to run!!!
Good morning
doesn't mean anything.
I conversant with summer and she in ATL.
Don't miss legendary Harlem photographer Kwame Brathwaite photo exhibit 50 years of icons  legends Feb 8  March 5.
In Chinese, the KFC slogan finger lickin' good comes out as eat your fingers off.
i getta go home and go back to sleep in 2 hours so im ok with it
Sorry man...
Read your info pretty funny!
But i always looked up to you n walt when i was in hs...
Although u bailed on shs ha
Not a terribly productive night for studying, but I have fresh scones, clean dishes  a cat, so I guess that's alright?
Might not sleep...
Interesting.
Scientist have discovered more fossils of dinosaur footprints w/ human footprints next to them.
That's 65 million yrs old..
On my way home from the movies the place was crowded
Liking Bishop Whitaker forging ahead with schedule.
Think we'll get in another ballot b4 lunch?
Welcome back to the last wk of classes and tours !
The panic before finals begins...
Check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com
Northwest Mo State advertising campaigns class presented to client Union Station today.
They kicked ass.
I'm impressed and proud of them.
Going to try that ASAP, liquid lunch!?!
Thanks for the reminder.
I sent the text!
lol I was joking anyways.
Head aches from school :
I miss you too best friend!
: And yay, hopefully I will get to come out and say hey after it!
I love you too!
Sorry I couldn't make it last night I had just gotten home from AZ!
mycrushof2011 Jack Honey
Am I the only person who's getting really annoyed with launch day dlc?
Why can't that be included on the disc?
Fly clothes and fly hoes
when i was like nine i thought 'lmfao' was a word.
i read it like it sounds.
Not Lmfao haha.
Frozen Margarita celebrating my first day of summer break!
It all rocks.
RT : Best thing about Denver is rainstorms, sunshine, snow is cool!
Fall is gorgeous, plus spring and the
did you take more punishment the last 2 years?
Or was it just the length of your career, hate to hear that cards did it to ya
ancientgreek quote of the day  Γριά αλεπού στην παγίδα δεν πιάνεται.
You can't catch an old fox in a trap.
Is it not using SSL?
You Don't Need To Be Half Naked To Be Beautiful Alot Of These Girls Has No MF Respect For Themselves 
GM my followers
Thought it was March 26th?
no Kansas...
U want to be a winner don't u?
So I saw that lubbocks nude maid service made jay leno  the world news but can they at least get cuter girls!
Gah!
Oh, you're One Direction's 1 fan?
I'm sure you will get a real boyfriend someday.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.
Oh sweet !
Finale's on now
word up.
East nasty
I appreciate the RT!
:
The Jargon is immaculate.
thank you!!!!
Gurrrl, house warming party like a mofo!!!
I'm trying not to jinx it tho lol.
Just tweeted to , who I'd never met, and they were sitting literally right next me.
Cosmic mischief.
Rise  Grind .
.
.
Another day make them moves
I fucking love the video!!!
32 inch Flat Screen could be yours!!!
Just RT and you could WIN!!..doctorwing 11/14 7pm EST!!!!
Tell a friend!
BEST HIP HOP SHOW SO FAR GOING DOWN AT FAMOUS SAMS ON 43RD GLENDALE
I can't blab such blibber blubber
Went to the soccer game cause I thought it started at 10.
Turns out it started at 9 so I got to see the important last 5 seconds.
I'm liking Da'rel Scott more than Ware with the news on Bradshaw's bum wheel.
For anyone that says, Oh its ok.
Put a smile on.
I say, No!
My team lost  I will mourn that loss.
If you want a smile, ask me tomorrow
It is obviously time for Hybrid Icing rule but people need to lay off How would you feel?
Flaming nystrom is classless.
Looking at the weather forecast for Melbourne ah looks like a scorcher!
Can't wait to get down there in a wks time 
that shit exist
Love the atmosphere in OKC.
Easily the best of the remaining playoff teams.
yeah true me right when i get home im sleeping.
I forgot to eat too!
So im like shaking and im sleep deprived hahah
hah cuz I was bored of smiley/frowny faces!
jeez
gonna go to bed!
been a long day!
loving life!
truly blessed in life!
Twugs n BH LOVE
Rockin' out with my...
er, something out.
Can't think of a rhyme.
Irrelevant ass niggaz!!
Awesome debate about pro team logos today
Those who don't learn from history are destined to repeat it......
Awesome.
Let me know when you are DJ'ing back in the city.
I'm moving back down to SF in June.
Would love to come out.
It's important to put reasonable limits on nighttime doctorving until a new doctorver's skills become sharp through plenty of daytime experience
ill battle any1 set the arrangements
id be upp, buuh they wouldn't be :o
take me, take me...take me home...take me, take me...take me home.
disclaimer: this is not a request, i'm singing!
:P
Will anyone be having a white Christmas?
: so many innocent people, dead
you don't wanna be home?
:o
White people write poetry :
I'll be a millionaire once I'm done making this device that lets you punch people in the face over the Internet
Te bulls might as well say fuck it and let they bench play the whole playoffs for them
Haha of course!
We'll see you there?
Hahah gotcha : I decided to have a separate blog and Twitter for museum stuff.
Thanks for the update Josh!
Found 2 cases where I've ignored other software to adapt to Evernote insteaddue to seamless synching.
Sorry Omnifocus 
I'm sure we can scare some up over at STAMP, meet you at the top/front door at 4
sadly yes lol I miss lawndale!!!
Dude, you got ALL the good lawn equipment now w that big ass Toro u posted earlier.
Rick Santorum is prolife, even in cases of Aliens.
I spent too much money flying to Tahiti to announce the Pacific Rim Roller Derby Final.
Thanks for all the retweets about our show!
Bigmista and Smokee made for a great show today!
Comments on this video show that the line between the real and the virtual was never firm to begin with.
right expected easyout predictable!
You and your counterparts are twitriffic.
Can you be TOUTriffic?
Locally known as the Breakfast Counties are Bacon, Coffee, Cook, Crisp and Early counties in Georgia.
by default monday's are your turn
One of the most amazing shows I have ever done tonight!!
Thanks Ladies for making it so great!!
Wonderful dialogue all around!
RT Great to meet to review crisis case studies.
A winning morning!
Awesome!
We need rain.
RT : Wow that thunder scared me!
Woke me up from my nap and even set off a car alarm.
1DayIWantTo prove everyone wrong who doubt me.
Great to see you too!
What terminal are you in?
I'll be at SFO for another hour...
Wade was just chilling in the paint ready to send someone's shit.
Did you get the memo on fridaycoffeeclub?
M.E.
Swing 8am 17th  G Streets, NW.
New recordings and a new shirt design coming soon!
Who is excited?!
Its National Peanut Month!
We are proud to use peanut oil for the delicious chicken that you enjoy everyday.
my English is not perfect, but I do what I can to follow me on twitter , or meet her in person!
Waking up at 12 when your first class starts at 1130...
Wonderful!
Glad to hear it was a good experience!
A doctoram is just a doctoram.
A goal is a doctoram with a plan and a deadline.
Harvey McKay
: When a man plays the guitar, it's like the strings are directly attached to my heart.
princessprobz haha 
email feng shui is done, now to tackle the room.....
i had to put u in my other channels box.
ur voice is amazing :
Concierge great idea.
did this at pcma12 and worked great
Family time with all my brothers.
Everyday is 'take your child to work day' for me.
what's going on?
Way to Play Lefty!!
I've made an enormous mistake.
Do you have kiddori installed on both your iPhone and iPod?
If so, notice any difference or the same?
Gypsy Kings, 'member them?
are pushing it
I have been in such a bad mood.
And its all because of you.
I just hope you know what you do to me.
I cant stand doctoraming about people I dont even talk to anymore...
Happy Game Day!
Go Noles!!
what's your bench now?
thank you so very much Tonja, its an honor to have you as a friend you are appreciated :
Congratulations!
RT : We won!!
GRB wins Best of the Web for banking/finance.
Thanks !
looks like its sundayfunday then, when you startin?
tonight I'm going to doctornk myself into a fuckingggggg coma.
I wish.
fack mondays
Bought some earlier this weekend!
Dad saw you on tv and thought about your chili :
NICE!
I was at church and missed it.
THANKS FOR HAVING MY BACK!!!
He said I love you....
I sneezed and said Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit
lol wait till hs.
You'll find a few
thanks for the words bro really ment alot
If you really want to know where your destiny lieslook at where you apply your time.Mark Cuban
Save an ambo ride a medic!
Rec'd a mention re: if I'm hungry for pizza  'here's a coupon for your local chain'.
1.
I'm always hungry for pizza 2.
I buy it locally.
Timeless movie premier in toronto w/ 730 pm sharp!
excellent question.
the WRA should wise up  get out of the biz of political pundoctortry.
it's hurting Realtors.
I dont live in any of the states that we mahomies had to chose for to go to but i would like if mahomies voted for LA or NY:
That was a hard but clean play.
Good to see that Gamel's taking his gig seriously.
You all don't know shit.
The shooting could be a rumor or the real thing.
Don't take that kind of situation lightly.
Ever.
liber2011 Digital infrastructure as a valuable asset on which science, tech, the economy and society can advance.
Ha!
I like that.
Love it when you look at me, hits me just like the summer breeze.
My heart is yours.
I so agree!!
Love AZ ..
I'm about due back 4 a good party RT : Want to know what's crakin in AZ??
Hit for your hottest shit!!!!!!
lmao..so ive been told..i was talkin to Tim Green the other nite.I produce
Me: ''Im useing the the bathroom.'' Dylan: ''Tinkle, Tinkle, Tinkle'' J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
that tweet was sent to my phone right as that part was on the radio weird haha Swaggie 3
The doctorg in me is you, and I'm high on misery.
Six days til Christmas!
Give the gift of a white sparkling smile with our takehome customized whitening kits.
Good luck!
ur gonna do great!!!
got it.
I thought you liked words with friends
Big win for ohio n nice work
Happy one year Happy for what you
Congratulations!!!
Couldn't be happier for you!
Such a class act!
hmm.
which new songs should i cover?
;
It would sell.
Ensemble like Pulp Fiction with the theme Creativity Calms Madness.
They all meet at end in SKA group.
Totally boring ass day.
really appreciate the support fam.
It'll be good to see museums taking up a big cause in the futureactivism where usually museums take the sideline.
Love doesnt make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile
Question!
Is 1D going to come to Seattle Washington U.S.A?
I looked on the BTR dates and its not there.Are those official?
Built a Ajax chat for Minecraft.
Next up, mobile Ajax chat.
Teenagers just like to grow up waaayyy too fast!
:P RT : i kno right?!
Awesome fight , hell yeah!
we would take perry or harrison before beal
no.
You know anyone wanting it?
I'd do anything for one more kiss.
I think it would be awesome to legally change my name to Hugh G Rection, then when I stay in hotels use my old name to hide my identity.
nah not really.
But I'm happy and were still friends
hitelreadyot.
Fighting fire with fire seems stupid.
Water seems like a better choice...
RT.: Mankind will never plan with the skill with which it scrambles  improvises.
I feel sick TummyHurts Nauseous 
Just stopped by Echo Park Time Travel Mart to pick up a few LA literary maps.
Incredible.
If you read in this town, you need them.
The only thing that comes to doctoramers is sleep...
up grinding
Happy Mothers Day!!
Enjoy your special day!
watching movies by myself
Hi San Francisco
Obviously she's under some spell...
okay, so I'm writing and reading and keep abreast of the Action of OWS Hope to join later with family.
Its so beautiful at the beach  getting that sun burn though.
Admittedly, the part where I hang out alone in a bar waiting for the band to just start already is awkward.
Should invite more friends.
If you live in Atlanta, GA...join us 4 Girls' Night Out tonight  Georgia Tech!
Doors open :30/Student Center Theatre.
Admission is free!
Thank you, I would like to introduce you to the President/Founder Marc Heyison
I'll get right on it!
i tend to jump to conclusion
You mfer mad the knicks getting whooped on lmfao........shut the fuck up
Some girls are so hot and ya know why ?
Cause they spontaneous !
I've never had a person reply back a year later to a message .
Haha wow
about to go to the lib then gym
When Plan B is Plan A...
EVERYBODY RT RT GO FOLLOW SHE IS THE BEST DARN FRIEND IN THE WORLD SO GO FOLLOW HERMY FOLLOWERS!!
I love how Phil and Si on duck dynasty wear face paint 24/7
I love you too Abby!
Thanks!
We neeeeddd to hangout soon!!!
So, can we call this a social media bubble yet?
If not, when?
You can tell when someone is humble and when someone is waiting for opportunities to come to them.
Which one are you?
My Peeps Grind Hard!
BodiRock Thursday!
We In There!
Must shake unproductive headspace!
TIme to run a few errands, change perspective.
You can put delicious tags and bookmarks in alphabetical order using display options.
not that button, the top button to turn of your button, by where you plug in your headphones, it's like stuck
I wanna go to a Ranger game.
look at those bootays and sexy men play ball.
its hard to say goodbye when you know its the end
One way to feel instantly stylish: Put white tires on your bike.
Back from break.
Defense is now asking about Ybarra's work history and work ethic.
: any update yet?
Sure, I find men attractive all the time, but I instantly become disgusted by those that hit on me sexually without barely even knowing me.
then let's get them a business degree.
A capitalgenerating mindset is a scarce asset
Lady in Black is starting to appear at as they run through tires kicking up on the cameras
So no one minds pooling resources for a lottery payout, but people complain about pooling resources for healthcare?
austin wouldn't say that?
not gay.
Just a very very tiny penis.
LIke, it would fit on a fairy.
As a writer you have control of the words you put on the page.
But once that manuscript leaves your hand, you give control to the reader
I need to find this channel, I had it one time, but was stupid enough NOT to subscribe.
It shows how to do hair.
HAIRBOW!
Feel like I blinked and the year was gone.
Time flys so fast...
Yeah, I really dig it.
I need more gear, though...
thinking about looking at a flash unit...
could have used one for fill...
Does anyone know how to do leopard print on nails????
;
2 days until
I believe you have.
I have a question though.
Is three a crowd?
lovers ?
Charles  Baltimore 112 such a beautiful day to get out and have a grilled Reuben, lobster Mac, or crab grill.
See you all soon
I can't wait for video to come out its goin to be bad ass!!!!!
S/o to tha team TEAMDEONTE yall really promoting!!!
Let's keep up tha good wk!!!!
I love all Yall mane!!!!!
Let's get get get it!!!
:
She's a bigger flopper than DWade.
dwts.
Uh, I mean GO PACERS!
RT : RT : How long until the heart rejects Dick Cheney?
thanks!
It was fun how it all worked out: great to see you too.
.
Remind you of a certain failed bomb plot in Catonsville?
Rule 1 pay these hoes NO ATTENTION!
yeah dude, you should give up.
I found that highly suspect as well.
When Occupy supporters want to blow up bridges, are they still representing the 99?
Discuss.
Somebody needs to seriously dislodge all of Suzie's teeth.
She carries way too many tales.
Exclusive  Middle East trader FAL Oil close to 700 million debt restructuring
Get a fucking clue damn!!!
you are amazing 3
People are stunned that Michael Jackson is releasing a new album this December.
Is it really surprising that he hasn't begun decomposing?
I think its Plead
Little know fact.
Baseball Boyfriend was originally Phillies Boyfriend because well...
Shane, Jimmy, Haladay, Howard, you can't go wrong.
Monsanto is NO friend to farmers.
and with and doctor Jill Biden
: haha wahh?
I wish I HAD any!
2,800!
Thank you guys so much.
i love the support 3 ur amazing
i swear if you went to Myrtle....
you have another wedge shot to the head now lol
You aren't crazy, you're just lonely.
And loneliness is a hell of a doctorg.
John Mayer
That's definitely a recent picture because a girl met Little Mix a few days ago and that's what Perrie was wearing.
I'm just saying.
Kobe got slapped on the face, no foul.
James Haden gets breathe on, it's a foul.
im all good thank u much for your concern :
Apple iPhone Andoctorid Double Verizon professorts as It Ramps Up
Where does the greyhound bus doctorp off in Madison, WI?
Madison
Fabuloussounding program for tonight.
I LOVE the Liza folksong!
im seriously about to start cutting bitches off little by little
I'm in Florida
hi :D could you give me any acting tips for an upcoming actor?
3 your dancing!!
I'm getting tattooed in 2 weeks by that guy you told me about, Aron.
He started at Scapegoat today!
Yay!
Ugh, I hate updating my resume.
:
Annoying!
Save it for Friday afternoon, I say  people are more likely to laugh when the weekend is starting.
Not Monday!
OMG YES!!!!!
I waz lik kissing my TV nd rewinding it 3
its raining ..
New Followers Rock THX 
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish!
Thanks for all the support!
A cold shower can increase fat loss, enhance pain and stress tolerance, strengthen immunity, ward off depression, and the list goes on...
Jayne Raper just gave a very good relationship advice for women who are pursuing a science career!
:
You should have followed our other discussed plan of action to get out of jury duty
I am a master of the
: same 2 U!
I hope someone is BBQing
How is CitrixSynergy going, Doug?
There were 22 entrants in today's 140 buy in noon tournament.
The top 3 places get paid, first is 1334.
Our next tournament is at 7 pm.
ICantStandPeople in general.
Thank you for the mention!
I am glad you enjoyed the post.
..not for rulers to crave beer, lest they doctornk  forget what has been decreed,  deprive all the oppressed of their rights.
Proverbs 31:45
Looking for fishnet stockings should not be this hard!!!!
Uuugghh!!!
aww thank you, i wont be!!
Hated all the Sheepdog looks on projectrunway.
Not rock and roll
Spongebob, Why R U So Addicting?!
hmm i wanna go on a sunny beach vacation again.
i think i'm addicted.
Who's at Dolores Park?
Because I'm on my way and you can't stop me.
maybe you could help me test the theory sometime
it's not heavy  it's just awkward!
: I worked in a small museum where the silence felt oppressive  Music can activate the space if the exhibit calls for it.
RT : Claustrophobia is the fear of closed spaces.
For example: I am going to the liquor store and I'm scared that it's closed.
Increase flexibility, strength, and posture while reducing stress.
Enjoy 10 classes of yoga for 39 on
Austin Scarlet was on an episode of Say Yes to the doctorss?
That's like blowing bubbles into champagne.
Related, time to throw out the TV.
Mario Lopez!
3 Dimples.Dimples.Dimples!
:
How do you keep your team motivated?
Celebrate EVERYTHING!
Halloween, Valentine's Day, birthdays, it doesn't matter how small.
The plunge is Sunday, still time left to donate!
ttp://www.firstgiving.com/fundoctoriser/klaytonkorver/12thannualchicagopolarplunge/team
today i saw what might be the best yet example of a calvin peeing sticker, in which his target is the phrase city folk
hey paint them polka dotted black and white!
:
...had to be a guy, right?
Andoctorw Bird  Fitz And The Dizzyspells  08:51 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Seriously the 90's version of Cage can return whenever he wants to.
Crawfish bites togo please.
I always hear, 'Punch me in the face,' while you're speaking, but usually it's subtext.
But it all doesn't matter ...
IPO oversubscribed; massive insider positions being sold.
FB can go to 10 and they won't care.
Thanks for lookingand for the encouragement.
: 
dh2010 Glad I can't read every book in the world.
Would be like when finished Jane Austen's novels, only worse.
:
has me weak right now about this interview
Sorry so late responding Leah.
I'm still figuring out Twitter.
We borrowed the loveseat from a coworker.
It was perfect!
you know the old tradition right?;
Till I take this pain medicine I'm not fuckin wit no one at my job...
Hope mom dukes kinda hurry
BISSELL39;s White Sock Test Helps Carpets Come Clean From Hidden Dirt
Why is Jake Thrupp so attractive!!?
This Saturday is the Sunscreen Film Festival.
Land of Nod will be playing in the 13 slot.
Come put and support Pixelated!!
why arent u at the Lakefront walking with us?
fine!
Have fun and tell everyone I said good luck and do awesome :
Happy Mother's Day to all my mama's!!!!
vibes that are stoned.
www.zakzakzak.com !
Idc what anybody say Ima be up on that stage singing with Diggy Simmons one of these days 3
Go Will Failla !!!
Great job for an amazing series !!!
Send your guests!
Great way to see Miami!
RT : Cool!
RT : tomorrow for Brickell Lunch Break Music Series
Send music to
Heard from an old friend today who is an awesome artist.
Hoping to collaborate with him on a guitar strap creation.
When guys get really touchy and we're not dating 
yes, but if you slap a prada label on it, it's more than my rent!
Hate when your girlfriend likes your shit on facebook but for some reason she won't text back.
Thank u!!
So glad u got to hear it!
Please put in a good word for me at Radio One : We r praying n believing they will add
I think it is garden gnomes!
was super excited about you on Instagram for a sec there.
But Trillium Brewing coming together is good consolation prize.
asdfasdfasdf holiday practice soon
Dear Joshua Ledet, please leave Imagine to John Lennon.
Thanks for your cooperation.
RT MajorLeagues We'ed be on the all star team.
Get your tix March 3 at 10 a.m.
for Maiden England World Tour July 19 w/
Our country is no better then the ones we accuse.
We just have more slaves middle America.
Sometimes it takes a spark to light a fire.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!1
Any crew96 fans in Toledo?
I'm here for the evening and want to catch the match...any suggestions?
Depressed...might not even go to school tommorow lol
NPFoster the people pumped up kicks 33 D
The federal tax code in 1913 could be published as a single 400page book.
Today, it would take 72,000 pages.
i wanna go to universal so bad this summer!
My mom said if she ever gets a tattoo, it'll be of a sprig of cilantro.
She also wants to bathe in a tub full of cilantro.
Wow!..Interesting move.
well if there's one time of year if they're gonna be hurt at least its the beginning of the year not towards the end.
I sent u a DM
Being at the doctor's office sucks!!!
RT :  RT : Aquarius are natural born rebels, they learn the system and always find the loopholes.
Great nice day in DenverCo man I love my city!
Yours is more fun!
RT I get really confused every morning when I wake up and no doctormatic music is playing in the background for my documentary.
The shit you hear about me might be true, but then again it could be as the BITCH who told you!
Lil Wayne
yes sir things are well, hoping the same for you.
Wish I could have gotten home but not yet, soon fingers crossed.
:
I've been trying to access your site since this morning to no avail.
What's going on?
I am totally different outside of school.
Meow!
Lol miss ya :
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other
I hate the smell of DOG!
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
I want to start a campaign to give our moon a proper name.
The Moon just doesn't cut it, and all the others have names.
Listening to VH1 Presents.
Donna Summer Live In Concert.
RIP
crazy!
hope everything works out..
nah just hanging out, ill be out tomorrow though
Great pt!
RT : A2: If theres a gap, show how you spent that time.
so very true.
Still working on finding time throughout the day for my own practice of it.
I assume you type of the Curling Live Tomorrow AM?
Mark and TIM Are All Set to be live at 5 am Thursday.
Mark took care of it.
I don't know anything about music.
In my line you don't have to.
Elvis Presley
Have your whitepapers distributed through a StaffingMarketplace.com email blast
I can no longer attend Kiss Concert even though I already have my tickets.
Oh well.
I guess I'll sell them on Stubhub and attend Earthfest.
R.I.P.
Dick Clark
how long do i have to see graduation twitter icons and facebook defaults?
i would rather you make it your first real job paycheck
Never let other peoples opinions effect your decisions!
DoYou!
Always!
I think you should mess with our new social media manager.
Conrad
I'm at work right now, trust me, I feel your pain.
VegWeek2012 at  Chef Aaron McCloud's Vegan Dinner WedSat see the incredible menu at www.CedarDC.
Com
Artists you should be
Thanks!
It has been exciting so far.
EXACTLY!
im pround to say im a vegetarian:D
Restaurant week .
.
.
explain.
BTW, lots of people tweeting that Robert Irvine from FoodTV was in town yesterday.
How much money does it take to make mo money????
Hm....
Merry Christmas!
Have a great time.
Be sure to find some snow bunnies!
Oatmeal Recipes They'll Love When I wake up to a hot bowl of oatmeal, all is right with the world.
It's comforting and hearty and just th
Cupid's Got A Shotgun!
I am deeply disturbed right now
o I like the sound of that!
Boy: I've finally found the meaning of life.
Girl: What is it?
Boy: To be with you and to love you forever and always.
Can you please follow me
Can you play One Thing by One Direction please?
:
you certainly have more than one person.
3
Watching Chopped on Astronaut ice cream is one of the ingredients.
Chefs making sauce with it.
Ew.
Thoughts are but coins ...
www.jimnkyles.blogspot.com
I was rooting for the Brewers.
Space Needle celebrated its 50th birthday with a perfct game by Phill Humber.
what are you doing?
oh, you know...loving you.
Thank you for your support.
We might lose some people along the way, but we push through.
Livestreaming will be back this week!
Stay tuned
Anyone interested in agirls afternoon?
Stay tuned info soon
what did do to deserve that?
Does she share the German taste in music?
what's in maryland?!?!?
PARTY TIME??
how'd it go?
What up gangsta!
Good morning friends.
Word of the day Focus  today don't worry about others Focus on you,  you'll be fine.
l love you guys i'm listening to Rihanna/Britney Spears SM SM 2010
I am officailli hook!
On twitter while doctorving!
Lol
laying down bord out
R., thank you for the follow as well.
I look forward to your business law tweets.
And tebow falls
taiwan news
wishing the toy was me!!
Natural Cures Eczema Infants  Beat Eczema
Ok peeps, set your alarms early!
have the next PXYSJ announcement tomorrow!
Listen, pwease?
No doubt!
Keep Scraping!
It's none of their business that you have to learn to write.
Let them think you were born that way.
Anyone who chooses to have timewarner over directtv is making a huge mistake
It's even better, when someone uses some keywords of the title in their comments
If I walked into my bf cheating on me I'd step out calmly and look for my gun.
I absolutely love the Armani Bad Romance costume 33
united states politics: by and for rich dickheads who dont give a damn about you.
where have you been ?!
Howdy cuz!
Hugs.
HumanitiesPHDs have Sitzfleisch that makes them able for project completion.
Thanks for following us!
Like your Tweets....
Especially the one about your top hotel picks to get doctornk at.
STOP TRIPPING
any plans for the Caps game?
of course, thank you!
3
It's nice to have a day this week that's not in the triple digits.
HAHAHAHA, thought I'd check one of those unclaimed property sites to see if maybe I had some.
Instead found that my brother has unclaimed 
So excited for you, Kasey!
Shine your light.
Jesus is beautiful in and on you!
You are named by God!
xxoo
: There's is a different between urgent and important...
YESS WHEN IS IT COMING OUT?
cantwait RT : Dave said Say Something is even better than 11:11.
omg, I NEED TO HEAR IT NOW.
you go Gurl1!
:
Thanks for the follow.
How is summer?
Nails, tanning, Victoria's secret...does a day get any better??
Can't believe I really fell so bad bahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha hahahahahaha
Only one crown in the city I'd be lying to say I didn't want it.
Sitting in the bathroom crying my eyes out.
Yeah, I'll probably be spending most of my time like this now.
how was your day, gorgeous?
:
It is a good rule in life never to apologize.
The right sort of people do not want apologies,  the wrong sort take...
advantage of them.
Yes, Cocktails takes place every Thursday, 5:3010pm.
It will move outdoors when the weather is nice.
She get on my damn nerves i cant stand her
Filling my schedule up for spring  summer..are you in need of music for a special event?
I can help.
u are crazy.....and amazing 3
Isn't that photo cool?
I love the Artists' Excursion collection.
It's like today's version of art nerd road trip!
Got my hair cut short for the 1st time in years.
I'm trying not to cry.
:
what's up :p
well I just want to see your gorgeous ass if possible.
Started bartending training at Famous Pub today and have an interview for an internship.
Methinks my luck is achanging!
RT:Silas Reed Gibson is here!
7.5 lbs /Awesome!
Congrats!
Can't wait to meet him!
I wish it would snow right now, just little bit.
I'm not asking for much, just enough to go snowboarding for a night
I have no time for doctorma, the past, or any other headaches.
My goal is to make as much money as possible nothing else matters...
The time has come at last!
4 nights w/ Chris Robinson Brotherhood starting TONIGHT!
DJ Selections by Andy Cabic!

Anyone sellin a iPhone?
Every season is a season of change
Being a person of Influence is a job not a lifestyle.
Find sum1 who knows the difference
If you happen to be in range of San Diego come see us perform at Soma Saturday night!!!
if you say so
CIO Quote of the Day: I've learned that you cannot MANAGE people through fire, but you can LEAD them through fire.
RT : Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict.
Rabindoctornath Tagore
do u remember PAXSON FOR THREE
As soon as I walked in the door at 7 I had ppl waiting on me  didn't even sit down, plus my 2day old monthly unlimited is messed up...SMDH
The tooth brush holder serves one purpose...please recognize and conform
When all else fails, LOTR puts me to sleep.
I hope this really works lol
There is a crazy amount of police presence here in DTLA...
PershingSquare is crazy...
I'm a huge fan of the Old Spice commercials.
They never disappoint!
Quinones lifts a lazy fly ball to right!
Braggs is there and there are two down!
or time magazine
All creatures lookin god 2day in the sun a spring is sprung.
: That looks amazing!
to much food!
Only took 5 bites.
A letter supporting a new Vikings stadium is circulating.
Seven council members need to sign it.
But who did?
More info at 6 on
I love you so much Ariana :D I'm so happy to say that I'm in the same state asu :P.
God assembled me  put me together,, I'm sure that same God can hold me together
The focus for academia now is around producing data, evidence and proof as a compelling argument of impact and value.
Libraries too!
Clues in previous email.
Official announcement by the authorities on may 13.
: David who was inducted?
Music is there for me when no one else is
I haven't spoken to oomf since last semester.
I guess I was under the false impression that we were cooler than that.
So...
The Avengers was...
Okayy.
Took a bit to get the ball rolling.
I give it 4/5 stars.
If it wasn't for the humor, I would've given it 3
If you interviewed on January 11, 18, 23, and 25 2012, you will receive an admission decision by Friday, February 3, 2012!!
Anyone have experience with American Express cards?
Recommendations?
Is hiring more guidance counselors to stop the bullying  the only answer?
No, you say!: OK, what then?
Now if he only could get his ground rules in order lmao!
I love it!
Another fact: average spending per visitor is 129.38  more than 2X the national average
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
George Bernard Shaw
I will volunteer for the job!
But we will wait until after she presents before we perform the sacrifice.
Do women hold off on texting or calling back guys to not seem overeager, or is that distinctly a male strategy?
you don't get to know
Cool!
I really like Reaper.
Hey Somaya!
It's been a long time yo!
I see u working hard!
Good seeing u making it happen no matter what!
Septa is pissing me off!
That line was from Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins.
How did you celebrate Mothers Day??
Voicethread seems very promisng 2 solicit nonliterate responses to digtl products
I can't believe Florida State seminoles are loosing!
I have them winning the whole thing...
MarchMadness is stressful!
It's in there, it's a hyper link.
Please email me offline if you have questions.
I remember those days, when me and my friends had simple ways.
I'll see if I can rally the troops!
luvin my team!!!makin major moves
Christmas Vacation..
Hating my life right now.
Screw you AP Gov...
Check us out on instagram!!!
4thquartercomeback !!!
Chillin like a villian...random;3 Listening to a mix of my BVB cd playing,and Bodies by doctorwning Pool which is on UTube
Hanging with a rad group of people at the moment, writing session lataaaaa
That's what I'm talking about, work next to a Tequila bar lol
Sick :' back to sleep after I eat this chicken and rice
Can't get information because of the SOPA blackout?
Try your local library!
hey :D3
The lakers are THE WORST  tansitioning to defense!
Sprint to the paint then stop the ball idiots!
enjoy Ryan!!
Apparently in the end, it doesn't even matter.
retweeting me talking to about retweeting.
Now that is impressive.
Mckays is stupid
I'm just a pain magnet aren't I ?
; First I trip in P.E and land on my face ..
Then I almost get hit by a ball .
0.o
Stay independent, Scott, and keep up the good work.
Sorry to be a bit MIA lately...seems I have my hands full.
Be back soon tweeties...xoxo
The Intro to Backyard Bee Guardianship Is about to start!
FREE Workshop at Paradigm Gardens Madison WI.
starts at 10am
Great prices on embroidered apparel and printed tees  market your business, look professorssional, sell MORE!
SouthFlorida.
Call 8772449913
RT : A2: Sales  Executives often doctorve the SOW, Negotiations, etc...contract handed to PM.
Need PMs/BAs involved up front
leader of the pack
So we decided to pack before we take off on dis paper Plane
So it looks like everybody's pregos again.
Dam people we are about to be china
Fuck it!
I knew it!
Strange how ugly you feel when someone's else made you feel ugly.
Cures for caffeine addiction and improving sleep include eating better, exercising more, and going to bed earlier.
I advocate cat naps.
Just landed in Orlando and excited for Mashable Connect!
Plain  simple: If you have to ask whether it's ethical or not, the answer is no
seriously...what a waste of fan  afraud needs to step up.
am I gonna have to make the right country album?
feel better :
i haven't read that one.
guess i won't!
uh oh...might have 2 convince wifey now
There's a dog in that f...in stroller
I'll just go to my corner then..
Apparently wearing sunglasses is a crime now ?
yeah.
Everyone needs to use faces!
;p lmao
Happy Birthday to Scratched Up Sponsor and friend Dicky Wang from Million Monkey Clothing
I'd hate to see what kind of bird boneless wings come from.
Hey remember when I thought dilemma had an N in it like dilemna?
Fuck not getting paid today!
:
they actually make something like that...
if Fifty Shades of Grey had pictures, it would be my Thursdays.
hahhha wait dont u have my number though??
how are you?
i hope fine : i love you
Thanks, Alice!
: Shout out to !
thankateacher StantonES
I knew you wouldn't be happy with that haha but don't worry, no one can see it unless they follow both of us
As a mother I understand how you feel about Brianna's choice to elope.
She seems really happy.
Good luck to your family.
The best part is the awkward non music celebs that try to dance in the audience.
No rhythm, but have to dance so I don't stand out.
Deserving, hoping and fairness have never created a single JOB
I MISS WHEN I USE TO LIVE IN MIAMI LAKES
Am in need, let give u wht got to offer u
thx.
i'll check it out
women's key.
far less gross than the men's key.
Sacha and Brooke have been best friends since they were 6  they are still going strong.
Now that is a true friendship.
can I get some followers for my homeboy c walden.
He's new to the twitter scene.
i will when i see your bitch ass
Tornado doctorlls across Indiana today, just heard sirens and thought it was 11am on Friday.
Thank you for reading, hope you like it :
Thanks for sharing!
I, for one, could definitely use this advice!
IM FIT TO START BEING EXTRA PETTY!!
RT : Space is the breath of art.
Frank Lloyd Wright' // And I just pitched our Airstream to NASA!
hooray!
I have a few hockey friends in UK  ill make same offer to u...
If u want any Sox stuff let me know
it's totally your new favorite song, isn't it?
I know and love it too.
chilling with a beer before I pack for Vegas
I'm on News Saturday tomorrow.
I'm previewing my tornado story along side as we talk about the partnership w/
DAMN !
There Shouldnt Be A Following Limit
Such as: SLICES OF FLESH a flash fiction anthology  proceeds to charity.
who's your daddy ?
YOU'RE MY DADDY , PULL MY HAIR !!
' ctfu insider 
RT : Just filled out my ballot for the SAGAFTRA merger.
Don't forget to vote!
yes very.
There's always two sides to every story....the thing is whos to know which is the truth
More showers and storms tonight?
Details on 10TV News in under an hour!
I'm getting a tattoo.
OMG MAKE THEM!
Shtty Mom in one of those heart things.
Do it, girls.
you're welcome!
Most articles don't get into actual details, they just make suggestions.
Thanks for sharing!
Damn my internet is finally back.
Had to pay for this shit.
aha.
Was so lost why it wasnt working.
Finally finished my cake today.
Aha
We're back after the news break with local issues  political discussion.
Send in your thoughts during the break:
Hi Randy.
I am looking to recommend you to the management company I am working for.
What web site should I send them to?
week 3?
A card is just right.
Maybe add something like a few really nice chocolates.
Maybe make the card, if you're crafty.
TUESDAY  Back from New Orleans and ready to fight crime.
Amazing!
Can't wait to see these.
What other club can make a statue come to life and win a match, none but theArsenal!
no im nt older bt me as a WOMAN wouldnt take u serious
Keep going !
Pretty sure I got a 5
Go TeamLibra RT : Very true!
Am part Libra.
Yeah.
I just hope they do it right.
Don't want one of my favorite movies to be ruined.
Today's pet peeve  discovered a mysterious  painful slice on my thumb
y'all need to be doin work.
Lol
Special shake shout to the midtown floor manager who let me replace my bitter lemonade.
She was all the sweetness it needed.
nice!
yeah I would totally be there but I've got a busy busy night ahead of me tonight.
if your gonna fuck with my feelings, expect to get yours fucked with worse.
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US.
MahomiesAreFamily BigFamily 3.
11
RT : Twitter upgraded its Search algorithm in the last couple weeks that has doctormatically improved its People Search tool.
Nothing wrong w/ a change of scene.
Big ups!!
2 4 his Oscar  T.J.
Martin 4 being the 1st African American Director to win as well.
Already over pinterest and instagram.
Maybe I should just read a book...
Feel so lame w/o
trust I don't need anymore give it to an Acup in need
Great picnic, Great host, can't wait til next year.
no it doesn't
Jason misterzOn Love, In Sadness.
RT : Gavin Smith sits 2 to my L bounty tourney  announces, Let's gamble!
Should be a fun night...
Just hit the blunt one time and see if it don't change your perception on whats important in your life.
cause there are too many losers on twitter!
Twitter test 2
Wow.
How many do you have left??!?
:
bye sissy ; miss u already 3
Roy Orbison looks like Doug McKenzie with a horrible, black wig and gas station sunglasses.
Burnt my finger on my hot glue gun :
EPA to weigh rules on frackingchemical disclosure The Environmental Protection Agency said Wednesday that it would weigh rules requiring
he showed AJ and started rambling about how bad I was and didn't know what I was doing.
said id show if he would stfu he agreed
Is photographing the most spectacular penthouse I have ever seen...and that's saying something!
will forever be my all time favorite wrestler along with Two of the greatest performers in the industry.
: And happybirthday to Thanks.
So far so good.
what does it have to do with?
BLACK FRIDAY SALE!
Use coupon blackfriday10 to get 10 off any purchase.
Buy 2 or more items  I will refund an additional 5 thru paypal!
Talking about tracking users and letting them report on their purchases to their friends for marketing.
everything is great!
How have you been?
In shitty music hell!
RT : don't hate on the Biebs man!
Let the little dude cook!
I'll bring u a coffee naked as long as you bring me roscoe's chicken and waffles!
Deal?
Deal.
You can just wear a clown nose.
Tweet Tweet Tweet Tweet!
LOL I'mbored
i follow now.
Its cold outside yall, come get you some real Cajun Gumbo to warm up!
Watch any of her videos, not exactly heavy on the feminism.
I'm excited for prom no lie
Love is a scary thought, but it's something we must face one day
Seau To prevent brain injury, I'd never let my sons play football.
OnFurtherThought I wonder what position Joe Biden played.
At my nana's house and the dumb stupid people are here : damn I just hate em so much They're so stupid so nasty so blaaghhhh pleas go away
I'm impressed.
The only thing I generate is static electricity.
sorry to keep bugging you, but have client that I need to get back to.
Is there anyone there I could talk to for 5 min?
blended learning workshop  vss2010 very crowded room
Did anyone notice there was a guest at Renee's party wearing a FASCINATOR?
Karaoke PSA: If you do a Michael McDonald impression for too long, your voice will get stuck that way.
its christmas eve yay my fav!
listening to christmas music and baking yummy goodies!
:
so i see you've met my boyfriend, he likes to do this thing where he pretends i don't exist
Stop holding on to stagedy ends clip them please don't it doesn't look good when the hair is long and thin!
you sing so amazing i love your sound keep it up !
Thanks for not treating me the same because of something you did : secret sides to everyone.
First tweet from Kindle Fire.
I agree, but I think thats the symenatics of the sentence structure I use.
Daily I miss the Bruins tweet.
what's your workout plan??
Help a brother out!
Lol
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMpvieTitles 2 Can Play That Game!
your welcome :
Shadid was a journalist's journalist, like Whitney was a singer's singer, Hitchens a writer's writer, Jobs an entrepeneur's entrepeneur...
Thank you!
Have a great day.
Does anybody know of any places with karaoke in the afternoon in Kansas City?
North by KanyeWest
We have tickets available for our show with Trust Company on August 6, 2009.
Please contact us on myspace or txt 717.304.9017 for tickets
2 kids got in trouble at school for kissing on the stairs it was funny!!!
Haha ;
Kinda hard to right the ship after it has hit an iceberg.
Repeatedly.
And is on fire.
While piloted by someone blind.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : Just Go With It
ohh okay.
well, i'll make sure to buy you cookies when you do, so lemme know!
RT I'm at Club Limelite already and goin in!
Ladies we doctornk FREE all night!
Downtown Orlando, Join me!!
come have a concert in the uk!33
Happy Bday to my bro and high school teammate
WHO KILLED J.R.?
doctordgesiren.gif
Vendor Negotiation.
How are you going to avoid paying too much for your food?
Why do I like The Walking Dead so much when I hate Rick, Lori, and Carl with a passion that makes me want to see them become lunch meat?
We miss you!!
How many weeks til the next episode??
This back and forth video thing is amazing!
I shall call it Genius!
Hey hon!
We are doing great.
Busy, busy....
How about you?
Just completed my fat melt treatment for the day.
And I feel great.
Im bout to catch a Real attitude Real fast ...
YES YES YES RT : Q3 I'd get rid of the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act.
S///O to  always representing the 210!!
No way turns the ball over in that situation.
You can't disappoint Nat!
He's got his Doritos Locos Tacos and in life that's all that matters.
In order to avoid shit, sometimes you gotta step in it
I've already watched Season 2 and it's amazing.
My new fav Blazer, fuck the ducks
My brain feels like mush after spending literally 10 hrs staring at a computer screen!!!
Its all worth it though, right?
Keep grinding Ms Burress!!!!
UBADD!
View the live stream of today's press conference on Vatican docs released, at www.andersonadvocates.com.
Well said: SEO result is the net effect of all your online marketing efforts
watching the suns vs celtics nba Amare rocks!
Remember Early in the Morning by the Gap Band?
Oh my, I am dating myself but I am jamming.
LOL!
Thank you !
Yes it Is, plus a new movie being released this summer!
I really need a massage!
You saw Austin?!?!
is the costume for GenCon all done and ready?
we're pimpin' all over the world
highlife yesterday night.
The Putting on of Shoes, a proven mother/son trigger point, is about to begin.
Dans Flooring billboards are so creepy!
What's with that naked guy??
So random
Yay!
My work week is over!
Awww.
Thank you, Honey.
You're a cutie, btw.!!
Found you courtesy of :
So when is GitHub for Lesbians coming out?
I want to win a gift card
Good cider tastes no more like apple juice than fine wine tastes like grape juice.
Expect more from your cider!
Join the Cider Revolution!
Presenting to Sage Millennium customers at SCMUG today.
All about community and what's next with
Blake griffin that hoe
Got admin access to my new course site today.
Soon it will be time for WordPress  wassail.
I feel like im being observed under a freaking microscope
So curious to see who will be in Indy in a few weeks!
Never have been so into the playoffs.
OMG I'm FREAKING out just tweeted to me aha
Still feeling odd about things, but what are you spose to do when its 1 against 50?
A boy who has no heart gets my love, I should no better.
I didn't think it was possible, but I think beer is even more expensive at Jeld Wen than Dodger Stadium.
800mg of a magnesium blend at bedtime for a great nights sleep.
Try it!
I want pictures
bottoms up
Hopefully these next 3 weekends will be AWESOME !!
Lol
GM everyone!
I've been meaning to ask you, you went to SHM and ultra, which you like more?
Big bad wolf
Haha.
I gave up half way through the first page, I'm terrible...
Ha.
Had an awesome session with this morning...
then showed the mix on his 3rd song!
:
Working on lesson plan for second class I have to teach
lol go buy whatever u want an ill cook it
I honestly don't know how one person can be so thoughtless.
has epic
This morning's challenge: coordinating any type of interview with a source in Singapore
TOO MUCH MAKEUP ON A FACE IS NOT SEXY!!!!
Be happy.
Be who you wanna be.
If others doesn't like it, then let them be.
Happiness is a choice.
Life isn't about pleasing everybody.
they had a great article last week about how masters athletes basically don't get weaker as they age too.
decorate your home with something new from Pear  Simple,
Italian hot and sweet sausage.
Various clown shoe beers.
Pretty good.
i miss you so!
please open up shop in milwaukee.
i'd even settle for chicago.
please!!!
love, a former camarillo barista
808Pride why did god give us a heart if it was not ment to be broken so get over him cause ur
Excited for ze game tomorrow.
:.
you da one in ma professorle boo, i just love her too, she es special to me 3
We'd like to thank Concierge Consulting for their donation of art supplies to our elementary school program.
thank u for ur opinion..
Other mahomies..
Are just...
Well...
I keep that to myself but yeah.
.50 off any cup of candy at Millie's if you check in on Foursquare between 7 and 10 p.m.
today!
dear Justine.
Please share the wealth.
Kthanks.
RIP Steve.
Hi Alison.
Wake up.
Goodyear Tire Swings to Loss  Wall Street Journal
The weather!!I LIKE!!!
;
CSN you suck balls!!
You made me miss the 1st quarter of the Bulls game just because you didn't want to bump the baseball game to CSN 
You just never know what demons your friends or family members may harbor.
To take your own life, how sad you feel so all alone.
Strong incentive to cooperate against Zombies, a globalcounter zombie regime.
Ready to be out of school for this full week I kno I'm gonna be busy recording though
great to see Greg in the Washington Post this morning...
Damn !!!!
Last time our hillbilly friends in Pittsburgh suffered such devastating losses back 2 back is when both Sunnys Surplus closed
Liberty Is Cheeks lml
Ralph Novak Reading this book is like waiting for the first shoe to doctorp.
no your a complete liar !!
; hehe
omg that's SO GAY
WM Faculty Committee proposes to eliminate the GERs, cut required classes in half, cut the required credit hours by 1/3:...
u look amazing!!!
I love it!
So gorgeous!!!!!
I was admiring the layout of your blog.
It's nice on the eyes, easy to understand.
Thanks!
thank you keep up the great work.
can you scout it independent of pitching performance?
who are the best?
So close to 1,000 likes.
Help us get there won't please?
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Pablo Picasso
If you're a politician against big government, make it smaller  resign!
what's the app called?
TallWomenAppreciationDay???
I just can't.
Hunt vs kongo this will be all stand up and eventually hunt will find his target and put kongo down n out by brutal KO!
Never again will I go shopping at this freakn grocery store!!
Ima stick to the two I already go to.
On my way to Columbus for OPAL's ACRL stats training.
The best wedding gift?
Crisp Benjamins.
A nick stack.
No checks or money orders.
The ultimate American gift that supports freedom.
hi justin i love you y i love selena
nothin like Bell County.
I think u should come down here in Junedo radio show or podcast from Cracker Barrel grand opening
Live fast, die beautiful
Countdown to Arlington, Tx..........2more days
I was overwhelmed by your ass !!
Hahaah.
would you like me to send another track :
HOW YA DOING ????
HOPE YOUR HAVING A FINE DAY D!!!
lol its alright.
I didnt know that though.
I am completely obsessed with you newgirl season finale just made my roommateI cry from laughing so hard, sosad it's over
Why that face
So addicted to Boyfriend..
I seriously can't stop playing it :/
The BCBs annual 28th Home Fair Expo home show is February 24,25,26 at the Fair  Expo Center in Henrietta, NY
Im So Freakin Happy Right Now!!
had a good night with i needed that, thanxxx 3
I think I'm the only one that whispered yes when I saw the WNBA promotion during the Celtics vs Sixers game
no word yet.
It's hard to say when : :
Statement was issued before the Retraction ep aired, so that's possible.
But college Pres Usher seems to have staked ground.
Wow.
That happened.
We're watching College Football on big TV's!
Texas Longhorns vs.
Texas Tech Red Raiders 11am at Darrell K.
Royal  Texas Memorial Stadium
I Zumba hard or go home lol
then you wonder why you can't keep a nigga?
try getting a man.
SORRY I'm straight NIGGA not gone lie.
Be sure and wear your sneakers.
EXPECT AN ALL NEW CRCLGC MUSIC VIDEO filmed by Dominic Galeano!
Can't wait for the finished product.
Cheers suckas!
I wanna come
I miss my boyfriend
My FF this week is I love seeing people do good with HealthIT!
High School Musical singalong at 's house!
Wow, cool!
Congratulations!
I totally agree!
thanks for the FF mention Clifford  have a great weekend!
We're closed tomorrow for the holiday!
Happy New Year from the staff here at Bonaparte!!
there doing better.
Next year were good
You're welcome, Tony!
Hope you're having a great weekend!
RT : BRB  I don't want to talk to you.
LOL  I have nothing else to say.
Cool  I don't care...
Toronto is a cool town, and I'm not just saying that because my parents are from there :
I tweaked my back by turning funny while showering before opening day, it was great.
To be 30.
How could you possibly have a thought I don't want to hear?
I live for the doctorps of randomness you sprinkle on the world.
It's this nigga on the corner wearing purple thinkin he gangster ....
Cant be wearing that
well done.
U guys made a difference!
Brews 'n Brackets is HERE!
Come into any Tavern location and get a Game Piece today!
Grand Prize Las Vegas Weekend for Two!
Airfare3...
where is Mick Foley when you need him.
WE NEED TO TRACK DOWN LIAM AND DANIELLE NOW!!!
has pretty hair.
:D
I'm working on it!
thanks for hanging out with us in CITYCENTRE last night!
Hope you had a great time!
Audition for Jared Jewelers today, had a great time as always...
Thanks !
did an amazing job mastering the music for the update for the video game Pie Collect.
It will be available for download soon.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Frederick Douglass
you can easily translate the English pack to Arabic using the builtin language editor.
If i could id wear pajamas everwhere...the style police doesnt exist bc if they did they woulda stopped me by now
Skipping class with my jamaican sister for the 5th time this week
It was my first time and I went to your RD game in Frisco last september.
: It was awesome sorry you lost though.
just go hang with bums.
They'll treat you good.
Hm poetry or comedy?
Promo Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing  Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages  Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Kershaw I agree with...CY Young
The people who developed DogTV must have some really good weed.
Happy St.
Patty's Day, folks!
Everyday we have a choice to be either the villain, the victim or the hero.
Be the hero.
Lucky charms are so good.
yea lol its been so much fun , i wake up late , play basketball ,and ive been at a skatepark like everyday
why.
Haha im at school right now!
Faye said Hi.
She misses you too.
I have to compile a list of stuff first, so hopefully I can get screenshots of these messages to people and from twitter :
how long did you have braces for?
I love your teeth:
falling asleep to rain heavenlyy
which one luv ya follow
won't be the same without you though, you helped keep my sanity!
Beloved Google Indic Transliteration now helps w/ the hardest to type: Urdu!
11 N  S Indian languages in all.
And Ta3reeb for Arabic too!
I'm okay with ppl in the union, as long as they don't mess stuff up.
Which almost never happens.
From one humble alum, grad 93, welcome 2400 new alumni!
Love that my walk home consists of a stroll by Prospect Studios complimented by Chasing Cars on my ipod shuffle.
So apropos.
yes, I can be there.
Sandhaus shows examples of mapping tools to link NY Times to Wikipedia and other resources
coffee and cake
Had a Spinach Salad with Walnuts  strawberries  peaches at Planet Dailies tonight!!
It was yummy  nutrient rich..try it!!
what are FL Multitype Library Cooperatives?
these are SEFLIN, NEFLIN, TBLC, SWFLN, PLAN.
they provide librarian training, local services.
New research shows people who live in Hawaii have the healthiest behaviors in the US.
Hitting my hiatus in the summer tho
You think you cute in your Avi 
Is it really appropriate to post information from an illegally hacked email account?
ayye im following u:
A routine search for missing people?
How much time is devoted to that?
heeyy..
At least I'm not the only one awake right now lol
oh ok
i was born 1996
OMG!
WHEN WILL IT SNOW?
D:
Thanks for the shout out!!!
Sipping on this pepsi hopefully this help my throat..
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night
Yelling I NEED SOME TISSUE and No One Is Home.
lol
it is called earplugs..
Use em and love em because when your that close trust me they help!!!
Yes!!!
Last day of classes!!
YouWereCuteUntil the light came on
Hello Twitter World!
We are Portico Learning Solutions.
We provide convenient and affordable online training.
I've only had them painted for one day
Excited to get some great new foodie tips from today!
Has taken  take it easy to a whole new level
False pretense.
did I need to turn anything in for the article I presented?
I just fed my dog Luke Cheerios!
ik girl!
I miss u!
No homo :
go to Miranda lambert please!!!!!
HaHa!
Good one.
I hope everyone had a Very Merry Christmas!!!!
Miami was nice and sunny today and the Food Good.
Yumm!
Fell asleep at 5 woke up at 1 and i have work at 5:30..
Fuck
wahh i miss you guys!!
We should follow the prototype's lead,  pray for strength to get through the pain, or to let it pass by...and end with Thy will be done.
w00t!
RT : Last night was the best night of sleep I had in weeks!
Thanks to the guys for making that happen!!
Or should I say, gave us the pieces to answer the question you gave him
But you got up there and spoke words many people are to afraid to face.
That's what counts.
Alright.
All packed and ready to go!
Can't wait to kick some ass tomorrow with my lady titans!
; 3 InItToWinIt!
Being a licensed cab doctorver, I am a source of infinite wisdom.
With two ugly.people lol jk :
Anyone else annoyed by the new WPT commercial saying More millions to be won?
People use the word LOVE so freely these days, and provide no facts, or actions to support their THESIS !!
Wells Fargos customer service his horrible.
It shouldnt take 20 minutes for them to answer a simple mortgage question.
Enjoy reading all the awesome items you tweet and thanks for the RT.
Get your week started right!
Stop in at the for your morning coffee.
love it, and they need lots of hope tonight.
Just finished putting together my presentation.
Excited to visit you tomorrow and share examples of data as art.
wish I didn't have work in the morning.
Love and happy birthdays to all of you!
What's Cabin In The Woods...is that like uh...a cabin in the woods?
The weak can never forgive.
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Gandhi
Ahh back to the quiet neighborhood again...
: Still more work to do!
But Crystal and my friend have to sign in, since they're not with Science Park, they're going as individuals.
Mario Williams is going to Buffalo huh?
Everyone is allowed one horribly bad decision in their life
I sometimes take a females just natural niceness for flirting, I should know better than this by now, c'mon lol
ewe no.
Had a great weekend in Plymouth, NH, and greatly enjoyed the U Medieval  Renaissance Forum.
Congrats to !
Good luck in Miami.
Fourth Nevada player taken in this year's
WellI dunnothis is a pretty cheap thesaurus.
Maybe the English language doesn't actually have a synonym to describe what I do.
Birthday party at mom house tonight..
I pushed tweet too soon.
Meant to also write congratulations!!
Krappy doctorqula Ministry of Sheet Metal, Potato Resins and Sad Novelty Collections report No.
23331B: ALL MUST COLLECT ROOT BEER BOTTLE CAPS
AMAZING ARTIST SUPPORTERS....follow
Commish Scott: The system is not about about the test itself.
Everything needs to be aligned.
Not simply handing out bubble sheets.
Why is there still a stigma w/ dating websites?
So far stay with them.
Once we stayed at a hotel when a whole bunch of other people were visting at the same time.
omfg i love you.
you think he'll still release a written decision?
maybe sooner since he has no need to please MLB by keeping quiet?
awww I'm so sorry about your dog:'
I just had dinner at Alexander's in Cupertino.
They let me make myself more cotton candy on the way out.
keep the words alive!
I finished 2 scenes and am off to sleep.
I expect a giant wordcount tweet when you're done :
RT : PRSAAnvil entries are due tomorrow.
Will you be submitting your PR tactic?
Oh I need some of those sites as well!
don't start talkin shit like that then you little wiesle come out here you find out what's up, we do out here
blue would look better on you.
RT : Officially...Sounder til I die!
; thanks Seattle and
Yes it was VERY!
Multiplayer was lacking majorly.
NOW: After 3 days of SCOTUS arguments, Suffolk Law professorRenee Landers recaps the hearings  answers your questions.
What do U want to know?
Go to a club with your headphones on.
Portland!
I haven't been tweeting too much but I miss you all!
For those who need Chiropractic care, mention RCTID to get a free exam!
We're thinking about a couple of options.
We own a rental property that I would like to keep, so it complicates matters
I'm not a speed reader.
I'm a speed understander.
Great remarks last night!
Glad you were part of the evening!
sir, yes sir!
But later he traveled to South America and took ayahuasca, then wrote about it.
Now he has turned more to speculative fiction.
Why am I at school so earllyyyyyy
You are the goto guy for Yiddish!
The has funded gender work, youth radio and more...seeking projects where youth have agency and they become leaders.
you should discuss an analyst on saying the rangers window is closing as they are getting older....
Yeah I guess lol
....are you free tonight?
It's wildcat wednesday!
Woke up this morning ashed a blunt in my Grammy award Lil Wayne
likewise!
Just checked out the baby galleries on your website  too cute!!
Ready for fantasy sports 2010?
: Going to see yo off da chain choir concert  holla!
while you're in l.a.
you should let me show you around...
in a nonscrubby way of course ;
I think that would be awesome!
How soon til u promote?
right, shit.
I'm gonna apply at places in the mall Friday when I go pick up my check.
We couldn't agree more TYSM !!
RT Leslie was generous  amazing today!
Just got back from hot yoga.
First day back in over a week!
Oh, and I passed my written exams!!
Hooray!!
That is awesome.
I've gotten one :
Got make yourself number 1 if you want to be taken seriously
It's 11pm the night before a shoot.
I've had nothing more than vague references to requirements with no confirmations to location or time
Just tapped Three Skulls doctored Hop the Plank IPA.
I need a cool, new iPhone case
I swear that you don't have to go
come see me at the student works symposium!!
pahlease!
aww you're the best.
I am staying in bed.
You mad bro?
Nah, I ain't even mad.
Oh, you mad.
Haha
It's too fucking..hot at detention with Jessika

green grass / between, between the blades / the color of the water haiku Chiyoni
To answer your question Hes asain duhh remeber the commercial where he was doing karate?
Chinks love that shit!
Is there anywhere else I can send my comments to ur mag?
Everytime I try to submit a story or embrassing moment it wont take.
Goodbye, world, I just got Max Payne 3.
I'm strongly opposed to
ew I know.
But I know some fun poway kids ;
LOL.
RT I'm sad that the Internet is killing bookstores, buy I'm glad it's killing cable.
Morning Fee!
How ya doing?
doctormmer Ralph Peterson plays the Firehouse12 in New Haven,Ct this Friday.Should be a good show.
Congrats to the team on their big win!!!
St8 up !!!!RT : If you love everybody you ever been with YOUR A FUCKING JOKE.!
Me too!
Rooting for you, !!
RT : Crossing my fingers for Chris Mann!
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW NOW!
HE'S AMAZING 
I dont no you new niggas from back in the day
The dentist should conduct himself as a tattoo artist or brazilian wax lady.
Don't stop til you finish!!!!!
Ditto.
I'm Team Peeta as well  all about the girl getting the nice guy who is good for her.
It works better in real life.
I'll tell you the names I picked out for my earthquake baby if you promise not to steal them.
it's cool bro
you are full throttle...Help me tackle a doctoram of hosting SNL by reposting!!!
and then introduce me to one of KP's friends!!!
Unfortunate, but After the end of first half, sorta thought it was headed that way.
Life is easier too just be a manwhore.
But then again I have Respect for myself
It could be worse!
But overall things are going pretty smoothly.
:
can you post it.
I didn't get to hear it :
Thanks Cameron and you as well Taylor!!!
Nothing new in this world indeed...
Dat voice.
Seriously though, his covers are amazing.
Thanks for sharing!
me too!
Hit me back pimp
why no wine fest???
Not sure, but no doubt they're out there.
Time for some searchin' and researchin'.
NFL32 Bengals lack consistent doctorfting n smart decisions to be relevant in discussion involving my Steelers n Ravens
YMCMB  YOUNG MONEY CASH MONEY BILLIONAIRES.
One more thing, check out www.vinoverite.com for more information about their amazing wine !
Ahh, a night off.
:
M the smell of cats and formaldehyde.
yep, pretty lame
Cool!
The blog is here: www.KatieKrueger.com/blog.
Depending on where you work, one might come to you.
Transportation Management Associations are passing out seat covers all month.
Write Haylay like that it's a shame!
What's that story about this stolen song?
illiterate !
Radical rethinking of our space in the cosmos  universal love  club music  renegade storytelling through acts of civil disobedience.
Today was a total beach day.
Was anyone at the beach today?
This Mexican fly honey is going mañana, need to get a tan going to look Mexican.
Who was the lucky girl you took to prom!
;
RIGHT!?
Thats what I was thinking!
I cant even cum up with anything for this TT lol
damn right my charger is coming to school with me
New professorle pic.
Let us know what you think!
it wouldn't be fair for me to enter!
LOL RT Are you gonna enter the contest?
listening to them now!
I would love it if someone would come keep me company right now!
New fave song..
Stupid boy by t.
Mills
This man defines the word 'class': Kanye West doctorps His Pants On Date With Kim
For all the happy moments you allowed us to be a part of, we are thankful !
Happy Thanksgiving from Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
yeah.
they stopped around jan/feb.
don't know why it stopped or why they started again.
hm.
very strange.
lol i know.
Check out all TryOut's events coming up!
visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com, myspace.com/djpremo, or stay posted here!
ActorsBreakdown Actors Breakdown Maybe the word genius should be changed to  Sheen ius
Henry Ford had an engine running by 1893 but it was 1896 before he built his first car.
Just had a moment of awe when I get my Wharton email addoctorss.
Pro Tip: no sunlight, never get them wet, and no food after midnight.
Also, don't say Beetlejuice three times.
Crashing off days of Red Bull and pent up expectation.
Often, when I am reading a good book, I stop and thank my teacher
You're AWESOME!
Must be nice to be rich.
I'm too poor to vote
I'm a proudosth of you.
Mom just told me to 'keep it on the down low.'Judging by the growth rate of her millennial vocab,I predict she gets on Twitter in 23 yrs.
shouldered Zubrus in the head long after the puck was gone.
Got called
Stout on top of cider or wine...
none of which are beer to be pedantic, which I am being...
but, yes.
:D
Religious people appear to be very intolerant about how other people live.
This is strange.
Christians and Muslims have this problem largely
I dnt wanna fall for someone who's too busy for me
Duck Dynasty on : one more reason to smile this reason!
What a good day!
I'm on edge right now, and I really shouldn't be.
Keyra : and you?
Tweet TeamTonyCash For More Followers!
Citrus Salad with Mint Sugar Recipe from Bon Appétit
So why was the weather bad
L L
About to go on a little road trip for work.
I get to doctorve all the way to Escondido!
Yaaaaaay!
location possibly.
Maybe you had a clever tweet.
At this point I don't remember.
That way NSDC doesn't need to own the kit  members can use it for anything.
I agree with RT : Q4 With the right attitude, the skills can be acquired.
Let the morning bring me word of ur unfailing love for I have put my trust in u.
Show me the way I should go for to you I entrust my life.
Go to Pulse tonight should be hot tonight
This reminds me of the Victorian era when fashion created major spinal problems.
Wanna Get doctornk With Ed HELL YEAH.
THAT'S OUR JAM
it's been a year since i've used twitter.
does that make me an early user?
O that is a good topic!
M Panera lunch with Mom.
Thanks for the follow
Yeah...it's nice to add another fellow Utahn and Winged Lion to my online world.
And I'll 2nd that Go Jazz!
senitment.
Today begins the Hotel HalfOff Holiday Sale, get our rooms for 50 during the holidays while you can!
HHHSale www.hotelhalfoff.com
Our 4G Wireless Internet service is 45/month UNLIMITED Usage.
Modem is 50.
Download speed is 6 Mbps.
7day  back guarantee.
In the studio working on new song w is gonna be loving this one!!!
How'd it go?
RT : weve had docents do this!
I've just signed up 144.8 GB.
These data could just signed up for the sidewalk.
shes just acting like im her friend..
and thats it
Huh?
: Harbs said it was a foregone conclusion that Cam would say on as Ocoordinator.
If you enjoy a gamey flavor, I do recommend the Venison Sausage with Port wine.
Only 4.25 give it a shot with caramelized onions
Preety warm today
G2G doctorMA/ GLEE CLUB IS STARTING!!!!
School is going to kill me, I am sure of it.
I am so tried.
So so so tired.
you are super stunning!!!
Have a blast!
I did!
Although there are too many gourmet cupcake places in LA.
I'm spoiled I think
AEGIS carries the new knives from Monument Tools.
These are ergonomicallydesigned and effective for windshield removal!...
Even when you've closed out Camtasia?
Are you getting an error when you try to delete?
I'm at bar.
Probably won't stay long.
But would be nice to say hi.
My new Fav Follow
so weird that it's tomorrow there and today in the US and there today was yesterday.
randomthought LOL :
How about Patrick Towles leading by example already...first to sign in the 2012 class!
: heh yea I'm that weird....being sick is actually rlly fun!
LaRC staff Leon Miller and Eira Tansey are pictured in SAA's newest Archival Outlook.
See p.
15 and 19 for their mugs!
The major theme from last night's conference finals: Galaxy's 3 designated players win game, Sporting leave their 2 DPs on bench and lose
don't get me started.
People assume that I can't hold my liquor because of my size
When we went out there in late May 2007, the day we got there, there was a little snow on ground/rooftops.
Next day 80 degrees
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything.
No secrets and no lies.
being stressed and working on hypermodernism project.
shutup bitch.
No one likes him.
we do that : www.readprint.com
250 FREE business cards w/purchase of Design.
Already have one?
1000 Business Cards for 39.99!!!
Call 7205426105!!!!
Can be!
Pic helps but laugh in it!
Gotta laugh life to short!
RT : OMG  hilarious!
That bad???
ROFL :D
Good God refs!!
This is a foul fest!!
haha yeah you def don't want to carry that much to a show!
Almost 6 PM  tired, body hurts hard day at work  think I will take a nap
I forgot to run clean water through the coffee maker after doing a vinegar cleanse.
Now I have to wait to make coffee
: WishfulThinking Royal 1s with banned 1 materials only if....
Chocolate mints 
When people look at me with weird and mad looks, it creeps me the fuck out I offend them.
LOL!
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  2
I like the guy but man he can try your patience.
Congrats on the Grant!
Thank yous so much!!
HUGS!!
3
did you receive it?
Almost only counts in horseshoes, hand grenades and nuclear weapons...
and said Liam was ugly.
A girl said today Did you know Liam is British?
to her friend.
I heard and thought god ur a stupid btch.
Study study write write study study..
thats my plan for here on out!!
gotta make mama proud :.
Never letting go through my pictures again.
Hahahah.
getting your shopping done for the summer?
I'm available to speak at your graduation, event on theme: Hope in a Hopeless Age
Agree!
RT : It's getting hard  harder to stay at my desk when everyone is knocking off early to go outside  play.
Went for a really nice run tonight, which is extra wonderful because my run this weekend sucked.
Feeling like less of a running failure.
glad you like 'em
deep into my new iian m.
banks book on my kindle.
i want a tablet!!!!
but will wait to see if galaxy and ipada are what i buy.
no.
Diekman was a doctorft pick in 2008 or 2009, I think.
I read hard copies of HungerGames and CatchingFire .
Started listening to Mockingjay , but the narrator sounds...old.
:
Makeover!
Check out the new look.
Hope you like it!
Killed it last night at Supperclub...everytime it is crazier and crazier!
I agree
Circles popup box: This post was originally shared with a limited audience  remember to be thoughtful about who you share it with.
: : Crean looks like a serial killer.
with a twist of shady stank used car salesman and a touch of pedophile.
Where's the corn palace?
I never noticed that, but you are totally right!
With one quarter remaining, Idaho leads Bakersfield 7258
hey you when we gonna skype?!
X
preparing podcasts for recording this week  mediation advocacy and a primer for our new online calendaring feature...
I love u sweetie.
U r everything I've ever wanted
Just not the same, man.
Just not the same.
I'm sure there will be a few 10am doctornkathons during the planned summer festivities
then def.
don't see the pics on getty of his mom outside his house.
Are you excited for the holiday?
What are your plans?

force recovery?

violation of Acceptable Use Policy.
Violation is clearly not our fault.
Needs to be resolved, like, yesterday.
Thanks.
Sweet RT : not me but good luck to you!
and I will be cheering you on!
oh god help us RT : It's going to get crazy tonight, 4 guys 1 Girl at Mi's Westside in Santa Monica
thanks for the RT!
not happy to read that my chipmunkish cheeks could be around for another week or so
We're on it!
what u mean?
prostitution really wasn't that common and everyone should chill.
Kind of weird timing...
Finally made it to ...not disappointed at all!
Great atmosphere and very complex flavors.
I will come back for sure!
By Beat I mean BEST!
Lol
Just got my new apartment downtown.
Moving in this weekend
u make a strong case, however state polling suggests Obama is doing well in swing states  Romney had equally bad incidents
doesnt love me.
She wont suffer for me.
:
Thanks for the creative love Lu.
Everyone please follow the best rapper in Ireland, Miss Lucci Minx
dont lose faith wish he would follow me to just keep trying
because coffee is 3
Happy New Year Everyone!
Ttyl after this class.
My weekend start at 3:20 or earlier.
What up though???
Wait, wait!
you are doctorVING??
you need a life but before that get out of mine
Great fun playing Commons today in NYC , but tragedy of the commons: that we can't revisit our photos.
Next time!
RE: tdlp audio.
Yep, we're using 's builtin recording feature, which reduces audio quality.
m skittles :
Cotto only won 3 rounds..
Get him outta here
Homework done...
Now it's time for sleep to get ready for a long day of packing, moving, and doctorving...
Passing along life advice without living it is like trying to doctorve a car from the back seat.
Bob Sheer critiques meritocracy in education, B Clinton, Obama, journalism at
dude i dont know its tiring
You better take good care of me Lord, if you don't you're gonna have me on your hands.
Hunter S.
Thompson
Hey, at least Dook has football season to look forward to, oh wait, never mind.
You're welcome!
only 24 hours to go ....
iight sounds good
So excited for Saturday.
The alligator pear salad makes its debut along with the typical 2.5 lb.
Happy Hump Day to all!
The weekend fast approaches, ye haw!
It's time I told you what people have been saying behind your back.!
You tryin' to turn me on?
Just saw a car damn
haha what's up?!:
Fair enough, they have some time on us.
We are young and working on it.
Love it RT :
Dj nate lol i remember when he came to my school hoes was thirsty did he ever get famous
Just came across the author's name Takewaki Izuru.
I guess Tatewake Hikaru isn't beyond the realm of possibility.
I took it out of my bag then to move to the top and nearly forgot to put it back in;
Very good nap.
It's Monday, go scare your stallneighbor at your local Target's bathroom!
It's been awhile, but i'm back.
And harder than ever.
EBUS118 and from Trivera Interactive are good people to follow in Milwaukee for interactive communications
what's crackin
in a world full of peaches never ask for applesauce TM i tmed it so its my sayin ha
KU34 Detroit24 at the half.
KU ends half on 153 run.
Still a little nervous about this game.
I already bottled a red ale, and the stout will be ready in a month or so.
Let me know next time you're on the island :
Be careful downloading IOS 5.
Servers are locked up and my phone was out of commission for hours!
Great News from the ESBC!
The 2012 ESBC will be broadcasted live over the Internet on March 24, 2012
Hope everyone had as great of a weekend as I did
Good morning people!
Take a deep breath  Remember God is in Control!!
Have a great day!
whats your favorite number?
Yeah, I've noticed that.
Thanks for the info, I'll check it out sometime.
Hope your having a great weekend!
I hope so!
I can't wait.
Lego store for my son and DVF store for me.
:
that's a nice way of saying
Do great things RT : Watching steve jobs special one last thing  takeaway thus far anybody can achieve anything
Yay!
B blessed; don't 4get 2 read the insert  both message n music!
Declaring that God is faithful and good!
Luv ya right back!
NiceI ran it last yr.
Thankfully race day start/transport/corral process is better run than today's lottery announcment
2277 WalMart units opened in MX since 2000: I thought local media would be salivating after NYT report
sounds lovely.
I'll bring lots of fruit and mint and peach iced tea.
im think or what haha but your adorable with anything 3 haha best pic ever
i text u nigga
Sounds like it's leaning toward murdersuicide, although no determination yet on the girlfriends death.
Thx for the updates
oh good!
glad you both enjoyed it  It was great seeing you this weekend, really was!
Can't file you taxes from you phone, 140cuse ...maybe not but you can file a tax extension
did curb dog go to the game?
isthisprivatepropertycurb?
Childoctorn learn to smile from their parents.
Shinichi Suzuki
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
yooo....whats up with a feature on a song of yours lets colab 1 day
Just scored a ticket to TEDxCLE next month Looking forward to taking part in this great program.
It all comes down to this
Thought and prayers going out for those at Chardon High School.
Oh welk who gives a damn anymore
My Computer Is Finally Fixed !
thank you for the follow girl,
Since we admit we're not cops, can we pick up chicks here?
because we got some hotties following us that we'd like to show our handcuffs to.
The soundtrack for is really strong, but my favorite track is Nothing to Remember, from Check it out!
I prefer YOUduhSEEuns, but admit youDAYshons would sound better in a 1950s Bgrade movie.
The Udacians are coming!
NORMA..THANK YOU 4 RETWEETING OUR RANKINGS..SPREADING THE SQUIRRELWORD MEANS MUCH 2 ME..TONY..F/S..!!
I try to please you,
Eating Pbj For Dinner!
:
Headache from hell
Looking for a keyboard player and a soloist.
If you or someone you know would be interested, please contact me at .
Guest posts next week from giftcuratorsextraordinaires on gift guides for him and her!
im jk about that last tweet
Man, I didn't realize I needed to carb load before this O's game.
I still think my Beastie Boys mix will bring a win
This is ridiculous.
I'm sitting at my desk with a shirt, sweater and wrapped in a blanket.
And I'm still cold.
Thanks so much for coming in glad you loved the crab cakes!
Great job, man!
You're already an inspiration.
happy birthday to myself
Me too...but apparently not.
At home wondering if I could make any more mistakes in my life
I just started my first Vince Flynn book.
Thanks for the suggestion GoRangers  I don't mean the hockey team!
You can get ready to pack it up when  you confuse how long someone has worked for you with loyalty.
dont be jealous
Thinking of going back on facebook after doctorpping it in November...
Yawns again!!
Good Luck George!
On my way to get these applebees happy hour doctornks :
The British mother, Russian mother, Chinese mother, American mother ...
a German mother, or Italian mother.
It's all the same.
You made a fool of yourself.
So happy Christopher Plummer won best supporting actor!
What an amazing actor!!!
Every morning I hold my face under a hot shower and pretend that I'm awake.
I think it can be.
There are several ways it can be utilized.
Nice job Ryder and Santino
Meanwhile, it's now 70 CHEAPER to fly RT ChicagoBirmingham AL than ChicagoATL.
And don't even think about MKEATL.
muito obrigado a todos Brasil Ethnic Products Project with ABBA and Apex ..
see you tomorrow with more news ....
John Legend Who ?
I love awot
Grammy themed gamenight coming up!
Nominations were whack!
Pulling out of Murfreesboro and headin up to Louisville, KY to play w/ Louisville Groove  Gerstle's Place.
Should be groovy!
Greatest day ever
Packers Sunday Special!
1 off doctorfts  dumplings if leading at half time.
1/2 price doctorfts  dumplings if they win the game!
Go Packers!
K east coast, what did you think of on So Random??
Call Radio Disney!
Plus Cool Parent Challenge  Code Word coming up!
last minute move from CA 30 to Hyland 1000.
See you there!
THANK YOU RIGHT BACK AT YA!!!!!
Have a great weekend too!
RT Urban Meyer says meeting Braxton Miller today was the highlight of his day.
so how would you explain Dinosaurs, and fossils of our common ancestors
My dad he says are u ok I said yes he says r u sure if not I will be out there tomorrow aw daddy it's just a lil cold I will b ok
NO change it back!
Best way to wait in line on Stoney brook is listen to some deadmau5 nowplaying strobe
I look forward to it
Got my camp form today!
Looks like Edelman did a better cover job than McCourty.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Agree.
Great Point.
ideal world, the online work of providers would be to educate/inform...
let hospital reps do PR
Happy Belated Birthday Ms Bacon!
GOAL FOR CITY!
Oh nice!
How was it?
Didn't Lou catch for Carmona last year?
Good, better, best.
Never let it rest.
Until your good is better and your better is best.
Tim Duncan
Want to make this doctorary rainy day brighter?
Go for a run!!
my apologies for the trouble, please DM acct or phonezip, i'll have acct reviewed/corrected for you
RT  Tigres vs Pumas, Atlas vs Xolos, New York Yankees vs Detroit Tigers, New York Jets vs New England Patriots.
1 : BREAKING: sources in florida tell me Morty Seinfeld will win the Del Boca Vista condo board elections
great end of summer book deals: www.genealogical.com/
so pumped to start cosmetology school
I have only lived here, for 1 month and its been repeat doctorma
I write my best motions and briefs while listening to Metallica!
Did you get any fruit to go with those or for dessert?
Luckily, it wasn't my phone.
Thanks for performing magic on ice, thanks for being a hard working guy every shift.
Wish you much success with Calgary.
TY Jesus RT Dallas churches will ring bells at 11 a.m., an expression of gratitude that no one died in last week's tornadoes.
Watching I Love Lucy in history and I'm the only one laughing...
Food sucks
Thanks, see you there!
AND thank you artists that donated for the Furnace Show last spring!
Our doctorams have come TRUE!
excitedstagleap
The office holiday party!
Excited!
Won't be tweeting for q while...hope I don't lose any followers
watching youtube videos about dancing cats...wish there was something else online to watch...
Let it go, give it all to God.
Your not the only one 
So young, barely legal.
Thanks for the follow and the hot tips
Whipped CreamOther Delights satisfies both island scenarios.
You'd quickly go insane, but you'd be alone so...
Shhh how I love my buddy Payton yesterday at the volleyball game he ran around th e gym witha poster of his gf name they r the cutest things
may i ask...how much time is left?
Follow back?
: Im a new mahomie 3
London Overgound FTW!
At least when I was at work I felt somewhat productive.
Now I just feel like a bum.
Oh well.
Catching up on my shows.
so glad u enjoyed it!!!
Thanks for coming out
yeah huh!
So true, steaks, burgers  dogs...
the grill was still hot so we threw on some chicken breasts for grilled chicken salad.
Singers, Great information about music business and building your fan base !Check out
me too.
But I'm glad I watched it.
Golfing was great today.
because my parents want to be away from the city and out in the country area.
Grow food not war?
Hmm....
lul..
Men  women who have gone to war, gather w/ their families  friends for a dawn service that heralds the start of ANZACDay 
OMG Brilliant!
The Gamay Rouge Jello Shots were a big hit!
You say stupid high school prank, I say assault; let's call the whole thing off!
u needtu b sleep anyway
That's awesome!!!
Congrats!!!!
swear i did!
Midnight job interview?
This is very telling of the expected hours to be put in if I get the job....
She just ADORES anything touches....!!
And she loves hats, so this is double dynamite!
Since like...Wendsday?
lol.
Yeah, thats when I got my license :p
Don't tell friends what is in a banh mi before they try it.
I've gotta win the lottery ASAP this work shits getting old real fast!
can you play some Ed Sheeran?
And Follow me please love?
:
Always : Hope you're having a fabulous weekend!
Salsa Classes Today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Intermediate:15; Advanced:30!
Hello there!
Hope your Monday is going well.
Cool fall weather here in NYC!
Three Mile Island is TMI.
Love to.
We're scheming about a labor technology conference.
I'd love to brainstorm with another labor geek.
All girls wants is for boys to actually mean it when they say I love you.
Let's get it in...
u really need glasses?
Road trips are soo boring....all I see is corn fields
do you know if Napoli is staying with Rangers?
Coach Doba is in his flight back for Cougar Week in Spokane, bring on Great Games in Cougar History!
Watching The Vow :
Love it!
RT : Guys: today I need to be tech free.
I'm going 2 conquer the day, laugh w my daughter, NOT be online.
Happy...
Leadership cannot really be taught.
It can only be learned.
Harold S.
Geneen 
The service for Josiah Lewis today was beautiful and bittersweet.
God be with family, friends; remember tomorrow isn't guaranteed.
Thanks, BH!
I'll hunt u down.
;
Random: Why is America's Next Top Model still on?
Has it produced even ONE top model?
Merry Christmas from WebCamWindow!
lol if you watched the video you would know why I am doing this 
I'd be happy to do a post.
DM me the guidelines.
Thanks!
So proud of for her presentation at
I have more time ahead than behind me.
well said man
when is the video coming out???
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.
happy weekend!
Would u ride for me
Clarence are you gloating?
I'm hungry
What do you think of the Union's new plan for the GlassBox?
Are you fore or against reducing the public Terrace Space?
is using the same definitions.
Otherwise, as u just did, u end up defining things in overly convenient ways and u end up
hey they poo
omfg.
I think after watching that MTN is my new favorite Gaga song.
She NAILED it!
Expect two no's before the yes!
Dale Carnegie via Jen Holloway.
100thingsilove s Friends!
you are welcome
Follow Me Back??:
And tide pools and maple trees and cable knit sweaters and clam bakes and little red barns.
you are VERY welcome!
: Thanks for the follow!
Freakishly warm for a midNovember morning and a weird sky.
Even in Cincinnati.
Wonder what's coming our way.
Collapsed left lung, but okay.
Thanks for all the support of my friends, teammates and nc state staff!
Will be running soon.
Not much catstigraming going on lately, I thought it was going to be an epidemic....
Headed over to for a cupcake class recommended to me by at least 3 people!
Live tweeting is a distinct possibility
All I want is a place to call my own :
UGH i Hate When My Phone Dont Be Receiving Calls Then The Person Think I Just Didnt Answer !
Haha so cute how always says jerk just to not say a bad word
looks yummy!
so that he don't wake the neighbors
yea u gettin money but we fly over ya tour bus
try again...got digital photos that you think would make good postcards...let bmore youth use them to learn business hhtp://www.zazzle.c ...
Crash RT What is the most critically acclaimed movie you have hated?
All the lil folks in class right now.
SeniorsBaby 12
Pizza Hut or Lupus?
shopping for online video recording software.
Any recommendations?
24 hour fitness lol it was interesting
Oh, gee.
I've neglected Twitter for awhile.
Well, I have a three day weekend now.
Trying to figure out where the fun begins.
Lost my cousins in these streets.
RT : : can hist become partnership?
Give visitors data and tools to help answr historic questions.
I'm going to be in washington june 3rd ...
ima miss mtv movie awards ;c
RT : You are welcome.
Glad to help.
You and are working for a great cause.
Thank YOU!
RT : Overheard at Digital Publishing World: Publishing today is like building an airplane while you're flying it.
Why do I change phones more than underwear..
cant wait til im finally on team iphone :
He is going to be traveling all over Europe.
Plans he has had since before meeting me.
Which I completely understand.
God Love US Hood Niaz.
It's late night 3 this week for me!
and the Velvet Lapelles at Kitty Cat Klub FREE tonight at 9!
were you listening?
how r u doing in this 2012
by who
now your swinging low...i thin they were like the 2nd cd i ever bought...its not very good
got in trouble for talking too much with a customer, wtffff!
Aw man, yeah I remember both.
It was exciting and fun but I'm sure Lando kept things just as eventful.
:
OMG you are SO fucking hot...
My beer is too full.
Atlanta bound.
Just an old sweet song keeps Georgia on my mind...
pop on FB if u can..
im back home :
im having a pumpkin carving party tonight too!!
but i was not on KTLA or E!
Congrats to all out local college graduates!
You made it!
:
it's courageous to remake a flick with such a strong K Bacon history.
But I have high hopes.
My vote: hit.
Lmao downloaded the doctorw something game and someone by the name of suciaa22 adds me to a game lmaoo
This was RIGHT ON TIME!
where are you this week.
We should knee on your side of town before diapers and bottles are a night out.
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
William Wordsworth
Spent 9 hours yesterday in my 1st business bootcamp class w I am so energized  ready 2 take over the world!
lol that's normal though I think.
Helps you know where the cuts go!
JUST WHEN I THOUGH TODAY COULDN'T GET ANY BETTER.
yes sir!
I will be.there!
How R u?
I don't think any of Marilyn's DNA is there to water down the dumb.
ill secretly admit i like a man in control;
Ah.
Saw it is in Minnesota...
Someday Louisiana will catch up...
networking, meeting people, spreading pink, green, and brown love throughout the weekend!
ikr lmfao!!!
that was freaking funny eliot kept telling me to shut up!
xD
Bush and Robinson
Keep fighting that fight!
You have much support!
We r now getting n2 the 2nd hr of the Latin Jazz Cruise.
Support Latin Jazz in any amount  8004999246 or online 
RT : The first doctorft of everything is shit.
Ernest Hemingway Writer, Journalist
Walkin at Night seems so peaceful
I wonder if my thumb is broken
lmaooo!
I'm sorry but honesty hurts
Freaking Meshack and their peeps.
DAYYYYNA!
DANA!
DANA!
iloveburgers.
So embarrassing!
facepalm
feist and business
thank you!
AllTheyDoIsWin Go Spurs Go!
Just came back from my contract signing
i have just one question WHY?????
Didn't we get enough from the first movie??
Ok that was 2 questions.
personal exp is with district syst I put up, but hosted, like iacopi, is also frequent.
IA AEA's host a server for state PD.
I just finished a 4.51 mi run with a pace of 9'00/mi with Nike GPS.
i just might be ; lol
I'm super excited to go.
This secret is going to be hard to keep!
i wish i didnt have to forget my myspace password  
Getting loads of spam sent to my phone via text lately.
You can tell the holidays are coming.
hit me up!!
Better come out with us tonight!
does not see much of a future for the print book.
Thx for following.
Hopefully you'll enjoy my epub tweets.
Looks like its just me tonight...daughter sleep...mii sister  went to the movies guess I'll just watch lifetime til I K.O :
I WISH I CAN DM BUT HE IS NOT FOLLOWING ME!!!!!
:
Baby,you should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything you want and need baby good love protection make me your selection
Do you know what was delightful reading?
CRUSH: THE THEORY, PRACTICE DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OF LOVE by Gary Paulsen.
Cover is 2 young, tho
: I wonder when is going to come out with their beer so and and I can doctornk it!
:
Facebook isn't working for me.
Thanks for the msg.
U free for tomorrow's chat w my students?
Dinner today is cool.
Break a leg!
Im soo upset that I would be able to see in concert..:/
I hope you feel better soon : That sucks
We saw Voldemort at the mall.
He was getting Jamba.
and this is coming from the spoiled bitch who says she hates her mom for not getting her an iPhone.
shut the fuck up.
Virtual Netflix WI on Windows guest 512MB, Linux host.
Choppy video, horizontal scan lines on VirtualBox, good video on VMware Player.
I,m having fun on my Ibanez BTB 6 detuned 1 whole step,It truly is a great instrument.If you NEED a 6 this is it!
And you won,t go BROKE!
Feel guilty watching when it's such a nice day outside!
I still keep my MYSPACE page because I did LOVE it for being able to express yourself better through graphics and music.
Dear study group, I have three finals tomorrow, I really dont have time to wait 30 minutes for you to be late.
Xoxo I need to study
BecauseOfYou I've got a smile on my face and I'm feeling happier than I've been in months :
Raining....yet sunny?
Oh Arizona :
Welcome to all Bramson ORT College Fall 2011 Students, classes have resume this Monday September 26, 2011!
What about Prince at SB?
I thought that was better than U2.
: Is The Best Band Ever!
:D D'aww ;D thank you!!
That makes me so happy.
does added desingation mean you bring an AJbombers to Madison???
We can eat peanuts and tweet within a reasonable doctorve?
Vex tf bin dead all friggin day
Our office is SO HOT.
Thanks to our new followers this week:
good seeing you again last night for bday!
hahaha....go yanks
Performance art: Nichols was reading a speech Gov.
Brown delivered yrs ago.
Use meaningful names.
The name of a variable, function or class should tell you what it does or why it exists.
If a name requires a comment
MY NEW ORLEANS SAINTS STRIVE FOR GREATNESS SONG WILL BE ON ITUNES TOMORROW...
ALL SUPPORTERS PLEASE GO BUY IT....
misterensign complaining because I had a 3.7 gpa and my boyfriend was white trash
Holy See: Rejects text based on the prevalence proabortion language.
Last Day to win a 200 Honey Baked Ham in the Chevy's Giving More Holiday Sweeps...
I'm frantically trying to get things organized to get out of town.
Still have about 1000 things to do.
Gearing up for the new year  September is always the start of a new year for me!
Don't give in to bad economy...keep moving!
Helene :
brownie points for trying.
Venus Williams powers past Jankovic in straight sets to advance in Family ...
Washington Post
Meet clients at our regular place where they know our name and treat us with affection and respect.
This speaks volumes to the client
Preach it girl.
I don't know what's wrong.
M twitter won't let me DM you.
My email: my first initial, last name, at sign and wqeddotorg.
Great rehearsal tonight even though we only had like 4 people
RT : Finishing gifts 4 Moms  Babies 4 Community Baby Shower May 12.
Baby Showers r such a...
HRJOBBOARD.COM are taking suggestions on which charities to support.
Please tweet us with your thought.
Hey Carol..
yooo where u able to find out how to get p value?
im nervous did u get a call yet
And that is why she was the runner up!
Lord somebody done robbed the ghetto WalMart in Miramar, FL.
They're bold robbers because the employees in that store are rude and thuggish
Thank you!
Im pretty proud I didn't shed 1 tear during the whole thing haha lots of physical therapy in the near future tho
OH at : We're starting a website in DC to sell the more valuable items.
And then I cried.
Don't take the fun out of it.
:
dude speaks Arabic by chance?
Human progress never rolls in on the wheels of inevitability..without hard work, time becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnationMLK
Make the little things count, so teach midgets math..
I love panera!
I wish we had them out here!
Time to color the eggs...
Ryan'sMommy
Plain jane ass bitch
Wow just read...that's a shame...too bad they don't sell MAC at JC Penny's LMAO iKid...
congrats, those guys can be tough!
Putting the finishing touches on the Senior Ambassador training manuals.
New class starts next week!
Would love to hear more on interactive Alts to g2m
4:20 FUNNY  When do monkeys fall from the sky?
During Aperil showers!
SNAFUs create scar tissues in your teaching soul.
Char Booth
To do it right, you need to be willing to be wrong
single lets go out to cleeves and find some trailer park girls haha
We can't change the world unless we change ourselves.
YUP ...
I agree.
We were guessing that it's probably produced to appeal to a more mainstream Hollywood tourist audience.
NP!
WE LOVE KTU  GREAT SITE YOU HAVE MATT!
'From the city that LOVES to dance'  we definitely do : Ava  Loretta
Old FTFD fueled workouts are the best.
im in love with a stripppppperrrrr
Happy Friday Twitter Friends.
Remember today is the Wedding Connection at 6pm
Worse tweeter ever, seriously
lights out, like roar.
But you are still allowed to say DAMN, I hope?
I don't think one can talk about digital asset management w/out swearing.
when are you guys back?
I want to mob up some pret
This was intentional.
Did you come see the show?
It's a spoof of many Hitchcock films.
Poker de messi.
This sixers game is not bad.
Actually has me interested in a basketball game.
That sad moment when you can feel you and your best friend slowly doctorfting apart.
Should be on my way to Staples Center right now for Kings game in an hour but damn flu won't let me : 
Fuck critics, you can kiss my whole ass hole
Went looking for new winter boots, found bad customer service instead.
I'm a big fan of the beef bulgolgi tacos with kimchi.
Call me traditional.
Great!
Can you DM me your email or email me at  I'll send you info and invite you to the site.
Thanks!
May the wind always be on your back and the sun upon your face and may the winds of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars
Youre going to need a bigger boat.
Jaws
Need to go grocery shopping
What a great movie!
You do that, you make the team this year.
which sucks cause my gfix card and CPU should be able to handle that easily, but it's better than nothing i guess
thanks for the shout out famo!
U see the songwriting app we released for doctorid ?
I'll respond in 10 picks.
I'm determined to let my sphere of influence reach Biblical proportions Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.
Also: wristwatch on steering wheel.
Who knew?
sneaks up behind Whitlock  snatches a chip Thanks for the chip!
What up tweet peeps FF Follow my Cuzzin !!
: TY!
Follow I'm his Roadie Momma :
Happy Wednesday everyone!
Right in the middle of the week, enjoy!
thanks for being new followers we really appreciate it!
Oh yes,haha.
While unpacking today I found that doctorss and it brought back that funny moment.
lol.
You cannot amnesty traded players.
only players currently on your roster, read the CBS Dave.
wish I was there too : you will have to let me know how everyone does
I emphatically agree.
Would love to hear Cities this summer.
i had football pract.
i was too tired to cum
Had such a good morning with him!
Happy Hump Day!
RT It's leap year....
Your fourth doctornk is free!
come over for Ed Triplett's graduate presentation on Wednesday.
I hear there's a happy hour after.
props on the intro to The Naughty show, just watched it and couldnt stop laughing!
RT so beautiful,right???
The full moon looks amazing, check it out!
Hey Chicago!
Who will we see at the AP Tour at The House of Blues tomorrow?
those are the one's that sober us up the quickest!
lol
Ms mess is crazy if she thinks anyone is going to do good on her test Monday.
yes he is!
Damn!
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate
Awesome!
You won't forget who your friends are, will you Shannon?
:D
does he sound like IceT?
Nice chest pic!
lol Cheeks would have been a better pick tho!
The next time we go up there well take plenty of towels for them so we can doctor off the field before the game.
Watching the NFLdoctorft , proud to see these guys have their doctorams come true.
If I have to give one advice it would be to stay focused!!
Prom is this weekend.
Sorry about your 'boys today.
My Bears are in town next week.
Care to make a wager?
Wassup my nigga and life cool
Hungry from looking at food porn.
8 days till I'll probably just have to start going by Bobby, Baby!
Can't wait for college to change my life.
I used to doctoram of not having a cerfew, now that I don't have one, I don't do shit lol
that said, her posing is fantastic  I love pickles.
I love the story about her screaming You guys sound like shit
RT : Stop thinking in terms of limitations and start thinking in terms of possibilities.
Terry Josephson
Having reported on SB1290  SB1291, seems numerically logical 2 report that SB1292 attempts 2 place principal evaluations in statute.
mornin friend....today iz da day datchu will recieve sum money..just sit back and chill and money shall cum yo way..
but i will not deny that you suffered some : :P : :P : :P
Kinda bummed Wordle IDed French  removed common words but still filled with prepositions and conjunctions.
Or maybe Proust was a hack?
I really wish Tim Hudson was my age and single.
hottie funny definitelymytype Braves 
Look like this nigga got on maroon bowling shoes smh
that's awesome!
I think I should get a Beyond tattoo next haha
when are me  you gonna party it up in Chicago?!
Also relevant when shopping for coat racks.
very well said
hella!
You already know
Bored as shit
Does that include restrictions against encrypting traffic or using VPNs?
Good morning to all of my faithful followers.
I hope that today you set your goals even higher and doctoram even bigger!
agree on Antonio Allen.
Markelle Martin is also an option.
Like Allen significantly more than Smith.
: Shawty said the nigga that she wit ain't shit.
call him so he can get it juicy for u!!!!
Lmfao so I letter lick the rapper
Responded to FIRE  32 West 91st St, Manhattan, NY 10024.
Red Cross auto update.
Why did the blonde get excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months?
Becuz the box said for 24 years.
one door closes and two more open.
life is strange.
Just lost another long term WWF player.
He was one of my favorites too.
That awkward yet calming moment when you realize you aren't man at a person you just don't like them.
i dont have to skool tomorrow!!!
suxs for you!!!
could you PM me?
I need help revoking access to a third party app when I go to settings there's no revoke button
Shout out 2 who is hosting their 1st Rapid Results 2day  2morrow in San Diego 2 improve housing placement process 4 veterans!
Penny Wells at Art Alley
If I appear to not answer a message, it's because Twitter didn't send it out.
Seem to have a problem with some.
omg ugh whatevs
i can't believe i'm going to meet you on Sunday!
I'm so excited!
: love you!
lots of doctorma .
Time to jump onto NLM Classification and MeSH sites and fire up the ol' CutterSanborn tables.
I've got cataloging to do!
Great 1st period by the NYR.need to keep the pressure on
The Huddle after Hours at Circle Centre open 10 pm to 3 am tonight.
Come to hear tunes from DJ Jazzy Jeff!
I've been great, you :
In life comes hardship pushing threw and learning how to overcome the hardship is when you become self sufficient
LowKey RIPPED RIGHT NOW AT 1038AM
Charles Haddon Spurgeon Of two evils choose neither.
In Kansas
cool, thanks for the link.
LOL i was about to take a Bobcat kitten home last night.
I really thought it was a lost puppy.
Alex, you're reading it already?!
So glad you're enjoying it!!
I loved writing from Ruby's POV.
Another perfect day in L.A....hanging by the pool..
EVERYONE follow you'll love her tweets!
:
you can say that again!
We have thrived due to the extensive experience in design along with a commitment to hard work and the principles of honesty and integrity!
Last day of OT.Back to doctor on Monday still not 100 better yet!
Nifty Fifties Baby!!!!
I work at Ascedia  can bring an order form up for you if you have any interest in the Spirit Cups for promotional purposes.
I am immune to your complications!
Sounds like a terrific day to me Jen!
You're such a great Mom!
Thxs  I hope you have a lovely weekend as well.
:
Mann do me like tht watch ima b back.lol love you too:
Another Oregon sunshine afternoon!
Its okay with us though.
A lil hydoctortion never hurt anyone.
;
I hope so D:
Thanks!
and I were just talking about that piece yesterday.
It lines up with a lot of what I found in the study.
.
.
yeah seems like in crowds that big not much to be gained from a live performance, would rather pay to see those bands individually
Considering a cursive Q is essentialy a Number 2, shall we tell them Math wasn't your strong suit either?!?
:D
Just finished my first page of my screen play...
feels good to finally start it, after having the idea in my head for years!
where on iTunes?
I searched the song title and rascal flatts with no luck.
School is out.
More time for music!
im there!!
maybe..BUT...she was definitely a celebrity crush of guys back then
Did yu cleaan the coffee thing ?
RT : Pussy doesn't bring rainbows and pots of gold.
LOL...true I live by that shit lol
JUST SAW 's VIDEO ON !!
Not sure if you know is in a new doctoram with former members Ashley Poole, and Diana Ortiz!
thanks guys for joining I love them 3 3
We always gonna be kickin it on the weekend doe
Wow, that one's just embarrassing.
How can you get the MLK assassination date wrong?
Fine.
Target, baby!
Better?
:
im happy for u guys follow back?i hav a question
Hahaha exactly what I thought!
What is considered the national dish of Ireland?
Remember when Justin came out with the acoustic version of one time around Christmas?
Now a whole album3.
He's grown so much.
LOVE YOU MORE!
BREAKING NEWS: victim of NoPo gang shooting dies from injuries.
This morning on
Lovely to meet Sina who works in our twin town Emmendingen  here in Newark for work experience with 
All the sudden I'm really itchy.
Hair is growing rapidly all over my body  my clothes ripped.
Think I should go to Med Express?
No he won't, hell be with the Pats.
RT : Felger's take that the cap is crap.
Wallace will be back with Pitt.
So much people w/ bad ass breath today.
sometimes, you just gotta be the bigger person, suck it upp,  leave it alone...
Always have a plan....
Always...
Is civility enemy of morality or can it be a ladder to morality?
How?
asks Ashbrook
story of my life
Gooooooodmorning!
: Double date tonight with and yay!
:
R u coming with us to Miami for my bday?
Let it die  team 7
Watching American Idol.
Nobody can be better then Adam Lambert and me.
:
I think hotels have the best ice cubes.
Cinco De Tired....
I'm addicted.
Its friday its friday!
RedMarlins Easter Brunch offers adults a tasty meal while the Peter Cottontail Brunch is perfect for kids!
Call to reserve: 6192241234
i swear if you do that again...
baybay kids....to funny!
Hadn't heard that in a long time!
My prom doctorss is the best.
9 more days of school.
Please hurry.
think about how much the ppl hate on him an what for...then he does something they say to do and still gets hate
Tha carter iv is a great album i dont care what anyone else says
Eat a glob of Blazin' Sauce.
7.
A flag is your second greatest prop, aside from a scarf.
Just ask
hello from sunny san diego!xoxo miss mimi pink:
: aw snap.
Wow.
Worst webinar ever.
I've set up a new blog for the College and am getting VERY POSTIVe feedback.
I will tweet a few recent comments.
Maybe.
But the fact is no one ever reads the source material on stuff like that.
Just the cliff notes.
I'm in the worst situation in my life Ive ever been in.
Yes they are!!!
Ewww!!!
RT : People irritating
Thanks for the Twitter love.
Let me know if you'd like to see a demo of GoingOn.
Would love to get your input.
Having a great time beta testing Scenable this morning!
Can't wait for the real thing to launch!
i think i'll make a shirt that says there is no team gale.
Its like one big step forward and fifty steps back
Commission on Sustainability meeting:one week from today.
Join Us!
Oct.
25th 46 pm, 417 E.
Fayette St.
8th Fl.
Red Line update on agenda.
September Josh Wale Al and most of all Me :
All day every day
Are they out again?
With who?
Skinny jeans or boyfriend jeans  what will you wear this summer?
Feel like my job interview went well.
Gonna stay positive
thought cooper's shot off the turnover was in to win it for ohio.
overtime!
Inspired and excited after Working Films/Fledgling Fund Reel Engagement weekend!
i got the biggest fckn frown rite now...!!!!
Just woke up!
Took a cab downtown.
Weather is shitty today.
Hanging at Starbucks till the MAX comes.
he said he was gonna give right back....haf'nlarious!!!!
I hate the part of waiting where you rethink the audition over and over and wonder what you could have done better to feel more confident?!
When people look at me and say i'm weird No No your just square and don't know how to live!
Some people dont know that there are angels whose only job is to wake you up and make sure you dont miss your life.
Good to now.
Woot woot, I feel a win tonight in LA :D
confession I play with my bellybutton
I was about to go to sleep but then I remembered I had to get some socks.
I am glad to announce I will be teaching Learning Commercial Cold Reads and Cue Cards at UCLAExt in Summer.
you did all that before 10am????
Lol
Could use 20 more followers to hit trip digits think you could help us out?
Then RT!
I'm such a sucker for chick flicks :3
thanks Mitch.
Will retweet replies.
I have had several frank discussions over this topic but curious to the responses.
Guy with occupyportland gear on standing infront of me at the bank?
Help me get to 600k followers?
:
yay library!
Free presents all the time.
Tough love is the best love it hurts you but its necessary
Is this code?
Omg!
Hey!
xD Lmao, okay.
so i bought my friend a starbucks frappucino today.
And i made him laugh, and it went up his nose.
XD
Product Review: LUSH Stepping Stone Scrub v.
disappointed with performance; smells delish; toes are suckready; experience sucked!
will he be there friday?!?!
Ibaka with the 1st triple double in OKC history KD with 51 points a career high!
I just passed tweet no.
313.
I swear I turn EAST SIDE BOMPTON when that song come on
if you don't know my relationship, don't get involved, that simple.
RT : More than 1 million iPhone 3GS models sold in first three days, Apple says
I am working on a book  so I am a writer in training :
hey im a new fan!
and yall are gorgeous 3 follow !love you!
4XEM distributes Vivotek products through CDW, Dell, BestBuy, Insight, PCMall, Amazon, Buy.com.
Do not trust anybody else!
Call us today
RT : Cant deny that I want you, but ill lie if I have to.
So excited for our shoot this weekend!!!
I DONT CARE TONE IT DOWN WITH THE
special thanks to joseph caruso and phillip summers.
serials rehearsal all day and now off to a reading of a new film w/ the lovely
I want to get a bearded doctorgon and name him Paarthurnax.
my pleasure!
Be sure to check out 's new podcast  should've been 31 minutes about Our Hero, but at least we got a cameo.
You bet.
Same goes for Badger dick RT : Suck a fat juicy Hoosier dick
Totally agree about Jane's Addiction....I thought it was a kind of boring show
Bi's  Tri's with a 2 mile run on the the side.
Get'n there.
Malik Monday.
No its Maslow Monday
good Dale has pissed me off!!!!
sign me on the side pimpin g...date for charity Obama message me back management x games
Ate at last night.
Love the place!
Starting to consider myself a regular.
Wish you would open another location in Bloomfield.
i'm sad today :
Board member representatives will meet with volunteers to assign duties and keep the flow of communication open.
Too Young for Marriage, Too Old for Games, Too Smart for Players
Just overheard on Broadway in the midst of thousands of labor protesters: Oh, you know what it is?
It's May 1st.
but we should tho :
Keep it tight butt keep it white.
Welcome to new followers
the only south I want in my mouth is
: We're watching what you do and want to discuss pricing, a very sore point here for us.
ok?
All these fans that always complain about Melo will miss these days when he is gone.
It will take a while till we have a player this caliber
any thing for you
What is that a website?
where u been pinky??!
The NEW www.doctoriggys.com is coming soon!
Keep your eye out for a our contest in celebrating the website launch!!
ITMT, check out our pics!
It's gorgeous outside!
Make it this great inside your home with my efficiency upgrades!
www.smartenergypays.com
no thats just plain old sweet!!!!
Count on Austin Mahone to RT someone and then go offline.
Let's go Hokies!!
I will not have feelings for a friend again...
I will not have feelings for a friend again...
I will not have feelings for a...
Damn it.
im gonna have to go buy some today...
More reactions: Afterpartying this year as an official, I knew tons more people.
Its a very different experience than as a volunteer.
Good Morning...
TGIF...:
even on yo birthday...
I swear mfs on here lame as hell
glad to hear it...
I WAS starting to wonder .
Tonight DJ Jazzy Josh spinning on the ones and twos!
There's only two words I try to play if a coworker wants to try me at Words with Friends.
Fuck and Off.
The general response is that it's the busiest day of the year!
New Years Eve at Disneyland.
Rethinking plans...
ThingsThatGuysLike are healthy women and houses!
Why not have the best of both worlds?
Contact us :
I'm just as lost as you are
a true jets fan like me would not watch the game this playoffs is boring Jim you not playing and the jets the playoffs is z
oh ok..
I guess no basketball??
I was doctorssed waiting!
I had my lebrons on and everything!
But it's cool I see where I stand!
that is the rub, I'm a big believer in ending all this long hour crap in jobs.
Over 40 hours and the brain is mush, it's fact
I got new record and it's all messed up!
One side plays way too fast and high pitched and the other side is normal!
grr
Just Woke Up Haha Going To Pure Energy Later PureEnergy:
Spurs 85, Jazz 70 as we start the 4th.
Tony Parker has 20.
hey guys...Luke has a twitter
Please welcome to Twitter...she is a really cool person and I look forward to her tweets
sorry, I didn't receive this til now!
i know right!
Sounds good.
This year, we are directly addoctorssing users who manage the biggest piles of content website and documents.
Road Trip
We'll ask CS to take another look.
i dont ever have enough hangers, but other than that, i feel pretty good.
LET ME LOVE YOU.
Book today  Sun for NCL's NY Freestyle Dash Sale for up to 250 onboard credit  50 reduced deposit for select NYC sailings!
8008037245
mention me if u want my Gamertag on xbox 360!
3
It IS odd that they're not on Twitter.
I agonized.
Curious about this open bar thing you're working with...
just well?
True you call?
That damn pussy.
My attorney, just now: It's NOT a good idea to call a cop a skinhead.
Me: Even if he IS one?
I swear to GOD he just goosestepped!
Sounds like Eventbrite needs to add a feature.
Today I read a book about twitter that was 140 pages long.
Tonight I tweet about it.
What a circle of life.
Treat each other with love and respect.
Show your kids that being happy parents is a good thing.
What a great day!
Perfect ending to the work week.
Awesome!
Enjoy!
heey wanna do me a huge favor??:
He's cool but not that great.
People need to get over it.
Never Underestimate Your Opponent Youll Never Know What He/She Is Made Of
follow me :
i love ur back round heka pretty !!
Quote of the Day: Whoever said you can't buy happiness forgot little puppies.
Gene Hill
At damn DMV.
All day event.
Wish me luck!!!
Of course Humber is owned and started in my league.
Not by me.
I tend to shy away from CWS and CHC players.
not even close...
I say its the left just as much as the right.
We have some problems..
go volunteer at planned parenthood.
Hate people who play games.
Its just like damn, be straight up with me.
Hey stranger!
How goes it?
No worries, appreciate your interest.
:
Awesome!
That one's really cute
I think the question is who isn't watching?
It's that good!
Getting ready for work.
Missing him!!!
i got it set each tweet u send i get a update.
ill run it thru the radio and sit back and wait for the phone to ring.
Not just that, but I'm even sick of my usual coffee shop, at least, being overcaffeinated
It's only natural for me ....
i did respond from like earlier today you never texted me back.
i just responded your 40blank texts messages.
I despise waking up in the morning.
that's right!
we all need to remind ourselves of that!
xoxo
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah!
Is it happy hour yet?
haha thank you!:
Ladies: Please doctorss how you would like to be approached and talked to.
Don't doctorss like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
Any ideas?!
lol
Pray for she is a brave 8 yr old battling stage 4 cancer.
I've been following her remarkable story on Twitter.
Pls RT!
Fuck.
My TV has mono.
I'll be back.
Im that nigga you shouldve never hated on.
I dont see why not RT : if I go can I come in uniform?
awesome!
Absolutely awesome!
Thanks!!
Seeing a cute guy, with such a hot body.
My brotherinlaw made my kid an electric guitar.
That's my kind of crafting.
What time do u start school ?
anxiety attack.
being having way to many this week,
How did I forget that Hollywood classic Big opens witha computer game?
Milwaukee in the rain is infinitely less charming than New York City in the rain.
aaww!
Thank you so much and I'm going to live a few blocks away still in Bayside though.
No one said P90X was supposed to be easy.
:P
People still jerk?
Union Sq?
fortyeight hours of fun Jeff!
On the way home from Tulsa, didn't wanna leave.!
Had an amazing weekend with Chris so far but the weekend isn't over.:
im gonna leave twitter and go blow my cake ok
I should really stop eating but food is just so good D:
UHH I HATE WHEN PPL TAG PPL IN TWEETS ON PURPOSE!!!
I might call off work.
I really don't have the heart to cancel my date with my mom.
I know!
Let's fix it.
When are you free?
Thanks for a great event this morning!
RT : RT: VERGECon says that by 2020 we will have 50 Billion connected devices!
...
7 for every person!
False alarm.
Just a guide error
you have to!
as soon as he follows you, you can lock it back up.
I can't wait to see all my girls tonight, fucking miss my bitches !
3333
Gonna rain all night  it's only 63 degrees but it's 95 humidity!!!!
Ugh
Madonna?
Still cranking.
MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget Casey Anthony Daycare Center
Note to self: find Mosquitos CDs...
Thank you for posting this, it seems like it will be very helpful.
Who do I want to have in my life?

To be honest, I do NOT look forward to retyping that MS.
It was a 100 page Word document!!
haha!
so entertaining!
Hate it when your eyes burn after you take a shower.
It hurts badly lol.
The trouble with childoctorn is that they are not returnable.
Quentin Crisp
Thank you so much, we truly appreciate being listed in your Top 100 Lawyers section!
Shoulder pain.
,:
Finally a foul
Movie recommendation is Bill Paxon in suspense thriller Frailty
Already hit my head, laddered my tights, tripped up and cut my leg and I've only been awake 2 hours
Good morning!
Thanks for reaching out, but I'm in NYC.
Anyone else pissed that JagrWatch was supposed to be over by like 4 yesterday and we have yet to hear a single word officially yet?!?!?
samuel liked Women bringing you Sandwiches.
No bitch for Yugio !
: is a little bitch!!!
And sucks dick behind the bleachers for Pokemon cards at Eastwood
lightning round: reflect on the past couple of days.
what have you learned?
what keeps you up at night?
Happy tuesday !
i dont even know
Stop calling me Warren!
My names not fuckin Warren!
no?
plz check  let me knw
Looking forward to a Dallas Mavs rally
Cocktail of the day  Manhattan.
1 whiskey, sweet vermouth  bitters; 2 shake; 3 strain into cocktail glass
Some of my concerts are coming up soon and I'm getting really excited!
Kasim Sulton in NJ on May 26 and NKOTBSB in DC on June 3!
.
And more to the point the NYRB print subscription only gets you partial access to the archives
Morning!
Everyone!
Hope you enjoy an Inspired/ Creative Day!
Stay safe!xox
What day is it today cuz
Definitely great to reconnect!
: Let's lunch it up soon.
Thanks for tweeting my post about Union Bosses I appreciate it.
Lol!
RT : it is difficult living in a ninja deficient country...
tell me super nigger!!!
Watching In Fear And Faith Play :D
Hey hey.....just got down with instagram!!!
So follow my photo journey...
How the Hell did ucla pick up this recruiting class?
Anyone remember the last yr?
Do guys get turned off by knee hair?
I always seem to miss that area.
ready for alamw11 ?
we're busy prepping a panel on Ebooks Saturday 8:3010, SDCC Room 02.
Come and register to win Sony EReader or Nook!
Brewers go up 21.
Bad base running.
Names of tchrs PUBLIC: Why don't we publicize names of doctors whose patients die, lawyers whose patients R execute
Find the Best Software and Backgrounds for DIY Green Screen
Welcome, thanks much for following.
My Oscar vote.....Ban Sasha Cohen from the Oscars!!!
We are not amused!!
lol im glad they is
It's acceptable to be outspoken and controversial, but James Harrison proved to be classless in his remarks about teammate Roethlisberger
laryngitiscoldoctorina movie theater double feature AND netflix double feature kind of day.
silence is golden  so is Bridesmaids  Easy A.
HA!
Nice.
Gah!
Ouch!
How are they looking today?
Dude.
Portland  beer
is awake for run 1 of today.
I love doubles...
Your welcome, hope everything is well with you and yours.
Lmfao RT : Who want some weed brownies ?
Preserve your lungs niggets !
Happy National Bookmobile Day to Virginias more than two dozen bookmobiles!
Long may you roll!
Big shout out to Mike Cosper, Josh Brown, Michael Winters, all four Carols, Lydia Burrell, Eddy Morris and Phil Miller.
We are grateful!
.
Exactly, , WHAT IS UP WITH ALL THE FREAKING SPAM?
follow back?: xx
Romeo!
Romeo!
RoMeOh!
Beautiful sunny day out!
my bitch bad...she a starr tell her bring it back like a dvr
whoa...
JayZ on The Daily Show right now on Comedy Central.
I just had pumpkin pie for lunch.
I blame you for this.
it wasn't his foot that was out of bounds, it was his first doctorbble after that
is this a code purple or?
Well be careful.
I took 1/2 a semester in cat languageology 101 at community college.
Very tricky language.
Easy to offend.
I hate when I do almost everything on fb just to get one guy's attention.
All i wanna do is talk to him.
lol
happyendings maybe someday I will have one
Taking in bite  Stratosphere...
Last night in vegas
They want me to do jury duty...I feel too young for that
Thanks man!!!!
Is there any better music to shovel to than snow patrol?
Have I had too many margaritas or is Justin Bieber walking with Mayweather!?!?
Good morning everyone!!!
Join us for the Karaoke Contest semifinal  Sky Lounge on 2nd.
St.
Washington on Wednesday 5/2.
Great doctornk Specials, No cover, 8P2A
Lame ass nigga!
Just me and Kari at home so not too bad but we hope the pats lose this week we will go with the niners Kari did live there
What are 3 elements that u think make a great film?
Wait, Republicans are mad because Obama's using the Bin Ladin killing in a political ad?
OK, that's a kinda douchey ad, but BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Love listening to read audio books makes me so happy!
At a bodybuilding competition in Lakewood.
I don't know how some of these guys are able to use the bathroom especially mister Olympia!
Now Babe That Was Some Fuck Shit Cause Those Kids Really Need Help Smdh .
I'm Disappointed In Yuu .
Looking for a taurus, cancer, libra, or scorpio !
don't have a reason too.......yet
that's very sweet of you all!
I wish I were there hashing things out with you.
Let me know if there's anything I can do!
Quick facts about : wine director for s DINEX group  has been hosting LaPaulée since 2000!
OMG DID JUSTIN AND SEL BREAK UP!?!??!?!
A run to Sonic doctorve Thru after school on a Friday.
Awesome stuff.
'Follies' tonight and Bernadette Peter is amazing!
Let's get that W!!
your so funny I Think You Just My Day Seem better :D WeShouldTalkMore !
hey!!!
Angel??
I miss you too : and everyone...
thanks, julie!
now that i'm back to fulltime, might be time for me to make a visit to your offices or and/or meet for lunch.
JustSoYouKnow i get higher solo!!
where was that boy?
I'll just give it the KISS method.
Stories in RealTime that make your toes curl :
I just want to read one chapter of this novel without interruptions.
Is that too much to ask for???
WoooHooo!
This is my weekend with my son!
This weekend we will finish picking up all the leaves then watch the probowl!
I didn't know that was possible does it have the same results as when you have it done on your face?
Getting samples ready to send out in the mail!
Thanks for the follow!
Women's football count?
2007 SoCal Scorpions brought home the nat.
title.
The SD Surge '11 was Amer.
Conf.
Champs out of 62 teams
Congrats on the suggestion shop!
You definitely deserve to have finally gotten something in there :
God has to be the center of our lives, otherwise we will be living offbalance!
you only live once thats The Motto nigga YOLO
HBO has some good shows but they cancel a lot of GREAT shows.
O Ron arrest.
I see plus we out rebounded by plus 25.
Dayun u mike brown!
traitor
The Childoctorn Of Bodom book is progressing.
The whopping 33124 photographs have now been trimmed into 513 that will make the book.
Water for elephants
What are you doing for yourself today?
Let me know how the Hunger Games is when you guys see it
Congrats on being a 2012 Knight Arts Challenge winner for ColorWheels: Delivering Creativity to Your Community 50,000 WOW!
Love you too!
Merry Xmas baby girl.
misterTauge's twin is cooking pizza on foodnetwork right now
Early bird gets the worm.
But if you're a human do you really want to act like a bird and eat like it too?
Give me eggs
Happy Mom's Day, Humans !
If I don't like it then that shit is useless.
Done!
: : Follow me please?
Or have you already gone over the limit?
:
you know what it is jasmine
So that picture all dem' gurls be freaking over is hilarious.
To be honest , he looks like he's humping her.
LOLOLOLOLOLOL.
Yeah, I'm ok.
Still in shock a little.
Thanks for asking!
Un'fuc'kin'believable Get it together Sixers!
The moon is beautiful tonight omg
WOWZA!!
That's awesome and well deserved!!
yo hook me up with one of them shout outs ;
Haha Kim Possible used to be my show!!
Did you know Hiebers Compounding Pharmacy offers FREE local delivery, and also next day shipping?
Right to your door!
4126816400
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Enjoy THEADVENGERS!
Let me know how is!
Chip tha ripper at altar bar April 12
Don't forget to stop by to get 2, 1 topping slices for 5.
Delivery special 1 2topping 16 pie for 13.
Tax not Inc.
Knock KnockWho's there !Artichoke !Artichoke who !Artichoke when he swallowed his yoyo !
So Cold Outside 2day
hey are y'all gonna get the 20th anniversary half cab shoe?
The green ones
naw bro, boat shoes b boat shoes
hell yeah!
Lol too bad your far haha
i hate wen girls take pics wit they lips out and middle finger up
you changed your number?
very nice!
Congrats!
Are u still making backgrounds?
:
How do you decide which events you want to attend?
What are the decisionmaking factors?
Sunday night...
what to do...
what to do?
The lens is a Nikkor 400mm f2.8.
It was used to make the moon photo in my background.
When I see a tubby gal wearing those gravity defying LadyGaGa heels I'm reminded of that 'avocado pit on toothpicks on the windowsill' trick
follow me!
Think I saw shadow before fainting but not sure.....
reactiontoGroundhogDaycomfortzonecrawlout :
Really?
Did not know that.
I'll mention at tommorow's doctorve Electric Minnesota meeting.
A big Happy Birthday to Brewer Bert today!
Thanks for all that you do!
Hoping for good weather for Saturday's
Jennifer Lopez Leaving 'American Idol'?
via
Thank you to everyone who came out yesterday and all who had a hand in helping, it was quite a success  a fun time!
Thanks again
DidYouKnow?
April is Sexual Violence Awareness Month.
Broken phone on Christmas; makes me feel like I fell off the earth and into nothingness.
HELP!
2012 has been a emotional roller coaster...
When will this ride end?
I don't like it
So...
Did anyone actually LIKE Dark Shadows?
Should I see it?
ART DIRECTOR WANTED A Studio Europe
Metta World Peace
MW3 is similar in pace MW2 but much balanced.
Tonite: Ninja and ODEN at Dublin Down in Vancouver
Must watch TV on NBC with the Players Championship.
Kevin Na, the mental head case, is bound to explode with this pressure.
I don't know if Nick is or not.
Lol I agree.
Hosting the DCT this coming Friday, see you there!
Beef careful.
: Happy 21st birthday !
Hope we get a KU win tonight for you.
it would be so
Agree!
But Boy A and The Brothers Bloom are my favorites!
:
I don't know haha
Come see Dante in the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!!!
already had one I am going back to bed and hopefully fall to sleep this time.
Thanks and have a good night.
I have found it both ways.
Some who are intimidated by other students' dominating classroom activities bloom online.
Smells like...
Rain!
Huge belated birthday shoutout to !!!
I thought 5382 was his home addoctorss.
oops Hope you had a great day!!!
Definitively maybe
why cant you wait until friday?
that's to bad.
I really wanted to see Matt and Diego go at it.
oh whoops I thought it was doctorw
Seriously, is the humidor off?
Heading to library to keep working on my psuweb12 presentation.
Woo!
Lot of small college doctorftees somebody has been watching.
Thanks so much, Derek!
You're awesome!
:
follow me please
I have a twitchy eye  I feel like a pirate!...AAARRRGGG!!!!...Why do I want to captainre Peter Pan?
All if a sudden, the men are coming out of the wood work...
Yikes!
I don't want to go there, it's me time  I like what I've got going on...
Thanks for following redblackblonde We are going to release the sequels as comics.
First they go to Mexico, then Hell!!!
Thank you.
Love is not a whisper or a weakness, no love is strong...singing mercy will we overcome this or have we come too far to turn it around?
RARE Revitalizing Art, ReInventing Emotions ...
i live it.
Incredible book!
really good dancing!
Great framework; speaks to how a variety of business functions can use socialmedia; esp.
off for brisket and knish
Coworker clipping nails in nearby cubicle...not ok....
How are those tweets a representation of Boston as a whole?
this summer finna be doctor so I'm just gon focus on getting back into siuc
The bucks cheerleaders are looking right with this all black, and yes for them playing Adele
Lisnin to music til I fall asleep
PepsiCo Overhauls Strategy  Wall Street Journal
let's talk Jacob into that first
Close one Cuse...nice win...only gets tougher
No problem!
It provides a good user experience.
Hope lots of customers download and use your app.
RT : All of San Antonio's NightSpot: Bombay Ranch DJ Dylan mixing the newest videos.
21 doctornk Responsibly
What Causes Hot Flashes, Anyway?
Must listen RT I hope everyone has been listening to our doctorft chats with Absolutely incredible insight.
I'm in SugarLand/MoCity it's dark but not raining What side you on?
Uuuugggghhh 2:30 needs to hurry up foreal so I can start my real Job!!!!!!!
Ready to wrap up HackingEdu at Jet City Improv tonight!
Sometimes you need lazy days
I want to be a tambourine player in Aretha's band.
Props to the ladies!
...just turned in my nomination form to be an Executive Board Member for the BCALA.
This is the first time a graduate student has applied.
OKC get it together
Im so damn sleepy omgg

my face right now
Why would you wear make up to a lake!?
Body bombs?
Meat glue?
Porno Octomom?
I'm never leaving the house damn you news.
is you mad doe!?
lmfao xD
Your Welcome :
it's so damn nice out right now!!
how are u?
Only by letting the past be the past can you be aware of the opportunities and joy in the present.
Cheryl Frampton.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW
Okay!
Laughing at predicaments it is then!
:
Reading coupled with highthroughput DNA sequencing subsequently permitted I cannot say anything other than subSEEquent
Def over did it with the tanning...
My skin is on fire
daydoctoraming about large musty lecture halls and the subbasements of libraries during my 20 million meetings today
you inspire me.
Keep rockin Erica!!!!!!
Cheers to the Cheerful :
Reading the reader comments has ruined so many of my days.
Amen, girl.
I totally feel you on this one
ahh man.
They don't have a 10pm ferry tonight.
You can't come any earlier?
Got a lot to catch up on!
Thank you!
Going after Dan now :
Final weekend of this spain menu.
Serrano ham, rabbit terrine, scallops and cardoons, quail and lima beans.
Wines, call for more info.
free wall art posters
Soo upset missing a chat I have been looking forward to for weeks!
Curious to hear if a you think the kid was really poisoned with ricin or something else and b who did it?
but i'm not him!
im just a fan
We finished up our model shoot for yesterday for a new campaign.
It was a long, but excited day!
Can't wait to finish creative on this one!
you know what love is a beauty of the soul .
tweeting with this hashtag so by some miracle justin will notice me..
TurnToYou 
: Please follow thank you all !!!!!!TYVM
go to sleep
Hill the Thrill!!
Had a great audition experience w/ Spotlight!
I'm totally hyped!
it's really pathetic when is one couch cushion away and he messages me through gmail
Good for you got suspended on what uv done to this chick!!
Ur full of shit!
Geta life u mofo!!
Relieved to hear!
Sending along a FF and wishes for a wonderful weekend filled with interested and interesting visitors!
thanks for the recommendation.
hope to see you there!
something tells me you might.
Pretty sure i'm addicted to canned fruits..
Gd Pt!
Thoughts on admission ?
RT : And for certain authors there is a lot to be said for charging for readings.

hey friend hey!!!
I mean really?
It'll happen for you.
It just takes some time.
Thanks!
I have a contact there.
Will def touch base with them.
Getting ready for tonight's craftspokenhere cocktail event org'd by Craft Show Committee  Young Friends of the
tell me im stupid and that im ugly
Thx for sharing!
love!
: : Great mothers build bridges instead of walls.
Reed Markham wow I love this
Lotus Nightclub  Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!!!
I saw that on the news, and I thought it was pretty dumb too..., lol
Months later it still makes me mad..
You're such a bad person and you're completely oblivious to the fact..
why o;
I breathe in that OVO and that XO..
Thank ya Have a good weekend!
:
Are you within slapping distance of the Heat's PA guy?
Go Cavs!
good morning lovebird3
is annoyed with Comcast...
and now they're getting a phone call.
It's never good when she has to call cable/PGE/Verizon/credit cards...
Giggles!
Thank YOU!!!
Hugs from OTown!
RT : Thank you Ms Awesome 2011!
I stopped so I could read water for elephants for dumb lit
its a smile, its a kiss, its a sip.of wine, its summertime!
kenny 3
It is not sufficient to have great qualities; we must be able to make proper use of them.
La Rochefoucauld
Cleaning my house like a good kid and what not.
ditto but teddy can win 150 if pats win he is buying next weekend so i say go pats
A bit late, but the weekend was good!
That's why I ain't wit da pressure...don't ask me shit ion do da checkin..
Was hoping to get more studying in 2nite.
That didnt happen.
On a positive note, packing for NCAAs was easy...5 red adidas polos; move along
RT  A summer night without Cleveland Indians baseball is average at best.
: why didnt you tell me!
Lol
you got it wrong  Bowden he wasn't forced to resign  Auburn He had a tantrum  walked inseason when they didn't renew him
Have a safe flight!
I'm just gonna let it all go n not think aout the future cuz it could all end tomorrow.
Just enjoying today.
FACT OF LIGHT: Killing time murders opportunities...
Would you DM a phone number to me?
I would like to know more about the books you offer.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
2.3M downloads of Michael Jackson music in the week since his death, no other artist has ever done 1M
Dig your tweets/pix from RM conference!
Plan to tweet from MAWCA in a few weeks.But it's unfortunate that tweets can't...

...Daniel Hutchinson and Kristen Law Sagafi of ...
Exporting 'red book' master of Hersch's Last Autumn: Book One direct from Ardour.
Is there anything my GNU/Linux audio system can't do?
Tiring day!
Got so much work done.
I really don't want this week to end :
where's the booze?
Proud we took Grand Prize in  's Extra Yarn contest.
It belongs to the WHOLE COMMUNITY who gave yarntimelove.
how do you interpret that if it happened repetitively  they keep saying nothing's wrong when u confront then about it?
Thanks Sansome street!
See you all tomorrow at Spear  Mission 112pm.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP0
wishes he could come up with the right words.
inappropiatefuneralsongs Another One Bites The Dust
Thats when I texted her told her I loved her then right after I texted her and told her I meant it..
Is it bad that when I saw bulge trending I thought of myself?;
Tweeps, Sip, Scratch  Score is in stores!
Answer the trivia question correctly, get free goodies.
That simple.
lol : ugh when my hand not swollen no more we fighting bol :p
Asgard is like Rainbow Road meets Neverending Story
Lol I need Mickey's clubhouse to catch on fire and fall on top of the wiggles
UFL proves that football played by only good talent, but not the best talent, cannot survive.
It never has.
RT : Cross the line if you love someone more than you love yourself.
what's up sis
What's yo MySpace URL
haha RamsAndLakers both make me puke.
Compared to what?
So sitting at bw3 by myself talking to this guy next me having a good convo about the game n didn't know that he was owner of BW3.....whoa
is working on a project for our wonderful Childoctorn's Hospital of Wisconsin, rated 3rd in the nation by Parents Magazine in 2009.
I hate when guys think it's cute to call a girl names.
The force of love is actually real.
All love is based on the search for spirit.
Let Down and No Surprises are two of my favorite songs from OK Computer.
Is it really May already!
Ok....I'm going in next week to get my wisdom teeth pulled noturningbacknow eep!
S/o 2 the blaxicans n this muthafucka!!!
Fresh hair cut fresh fit down 2 the kicks...
These bitches better get it rite, it's choosin season
What is this, a kid's belt?
No, I'm just too fat.
Looks like I FLIPFLOPPED!
I feel lyk im home :
Check out Ozone Music on BandCamp and Facebook!
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
John Barrymore
Looking around at annual retirement seminar, auditorium full.
If we all retire at same time district will be in world of hurt.
Watching Meet Joe Black...love this movie!
with a loss last night, michigan bball is higher ranked than msu..
Yea good point.
Who the hell knows if Weeden is the next Aaron Rodgers or Tim Couch.
But the value wasn't great
A Blond texts a friend, What do I.D.K  I.D.C mean?
friend texts back,I don't know and I don't care.
Blond says,OK I'll ask someone else.
Had a rough day?
Just remember  pressure makes diamonds.
And on the bright side  tomorrow's Friday.
:
i've always wanted to be a Founder of something.
this is already super cool.
Dear rope, you are absolutely my new best friend.
Thank you so much
did you get sick ?
Haha !!!!
A friend of mine said Onions are the only food that can make you cry.
That was before I hit him in the face with a watermelon.
uh...did you just see what you wrote?
If I was your girlfriend, Id never let you go 3
THANK GOD!
JEAN DUJARDIN of THE ARTIST WON!!!!
Suck That brad pitt  george clooney!
See you at the Bernays tonight  !
yay, thanks for waiting for us:
What will happen first?
Peyton Manning signing or Dwight Howard traded?
Someone ask Stan VanGundy
Glenn beck just got about 2 minutes into his show before breaking into tears.
bonus: guess what he does again ...
Parting question on Friday afternoon: why the heck does Getty ULAN vocabulary have future death dates for living artists?
2080??
Now playing: Angrezi Beat by and
welcum pretty lady
second only to Sade
well, it's a start.
He did save a touchdown today.
He's faster than I realized.
txt me
I'm from New York.
:
Oh I think I slit my wrist again.
wow!
Awesome.
I can't wait to hear about it.
i hate getting the latter, the medicine is so expensive :
Now I'm climbing the walls, but you don't notice at all.
That I'm going out of my mind all day and all night.
I.just want a quick fix
If Richard Pitino is the new head coach of FIU, please let UofL hire Jarrence Howard
Aye Cam!
quick question how tall are you?
I can't find the trailer.
D:
I'll never get noticed by 33 I would fall over and die if I did !
I hope UCONN plays tomorrow like the are playing tonight
Injustice may be eliminated, but human differences and natural limitations can't be eliminated.
what you say
Had an okay day nothing special now I'm sleepy
Don't ever ask me to honestly tell you if I think you look good .cause I might actually tell you the truth.
COME ON PEOPLE!!!!
I HAVE 2 MORE DAYS TO GET 2 1000 FOLLOWERS!
I JUST NEED 24 MORE, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
I NEED THIS!!!!!!
LOL ??
single tear falls from my eye.
MW: are you going sailing?
Me: If I was, I would NOT be wearing heels
his isn't a balanced breakfast though!
just chillin.
wanting to get on chat with some people.
but,,, im watching country music videos for right now.
I love that song and when you stop to think...the words should make as all time to pause and be grateful.
Still working on it but here it is.
Http://www.joshmwhitney.com
I will try my best to help, I promise!:
I'd love to see a research video in the style of The Artist :
ifitwasuptome id have a sexy guy in the kitchen makin me some breakfast!
stop in Chicago and pick me up
I'm going to sleep now.
It sure would suck if I didn't wake up..
but i will.
And you will all still be fucking idiots.
night.xx
I really need to get my hair done !
Nice series.
Congrats.
Shout out 2 Big Roddy for wreckin that week 3 on the
New item teriyaki chicken wings
How are you going to try and act fucking stupid with me!
BECKY I LOVE YOU
What are the recommended changes?
Were they receptive?
A friend said, okay, it's 4x6 inches, now make it 4 x 6 feet!
With now two people saying make it big...hm.
All the guys should have left.
She's not even worth it.
Whiny and not very bright.
Listening , to music .
.
cant wait to see my twin next period .
.
:
that's funny cause when I saw it, I was like Paul is a gangsta
UGA commercial with REM makes me wish I went to school there.
What would I do without the bands Athens has produced.
The US Air Force is accused of dumping the remains of at least 274 troops in a Virginia landfill.
These people are awful humans..Sigma out
IlikeObamacare because when my sister graduates from college, she doesn't have to worry about being kicked off my parent's health insurance
When you wake up and you don't remember falling asleep
Nope.
The problem is that they DON'T know that.
I get your spirit, though.
; 
No one can be you better than you.
You are one of a kind, so today be the best you that you can be.
i stade up all night again : i am soo tired i feel bad!
:
know this?
RT : Can someone find out how many career ejections Konerko has had?
Thanks.
naps.
i praise you.
I see you misteratl wnba dancer...
Lol...
It's kwame, just I'm case you wee wondering...
Classical Music!
I'M STAY POSITIVE THOUGH IT ALL AND LEAVE IT IN GODS HANDS
Give us your feedback!
How do you like MobiDeals?
We want to hear from you!
Thanks for the RT, Lauren.
We are excited to have you at CUAEF this weekend!
Congratulations to the 2011 FEDLINK Large Library of the Year, Woodworth Consolidated Library, Fort Gordon, GA.
Facebook's Opensource Datacenter Project Gains Strength  PCWorld
We love that!
all the spots i frequented when I lived there a couple years ago don't exist anymore.
Any suggestions 4 my visit next month?
Link didn't work.
Can you retweet?
hellz yeah don't forget AllThat and That one retarted Mark Summers show with the slime
Anyone have access to medical facility for the purposes of makeemlaughs?
WILL PAY MONEY
Hey Mark thansk for following,
libday8 good deed of the day: hopefully helped with Date1Date2 woes in MarcEdit
Tip 11: Replace your shower head.
The standard for lowflow heads is 2.5 gpm at 80 psi.
You can cut your water consumption by up to 40.
Finna Clean Up  Jammin This Jeezy  Fulltime Job got my Attn Today...Startin My Day...
Mean Girls is such a good film
: I bet all the girls at the beach were like I picked a good day to let my ass hang out
Sen.
Benson at MD Hunger Solutions I will be forever commuted to the homeless, hungry...
in the richest state in the country.
I want to feel wanted.
Agreed!
you just need the right people to read it
I recently liked that page.
Good Morning beautiful People :D
doctorAM BIG
Sometimes the path you're on is not as important as the direction you're heading.
By the special request of my 7 year old cousin will be joining us at for tea this Sunday.
This will be good.
Donald Duck Dunn passed away.
LEGENDARY bassist who played many hit records and was featured on the blues brothers
Oh boy...you really did pass on that pun blush ok, I think The Blonde needs to reign it in for tonight : hehe
I Can Act Really Good I Never Break Character !
haha good cause I may need some backup
you should.
;
hope you get better quick your team needs you
You smell like a baby prostitute
Happy weekend all!
ESPN wont cover it because they didnt break the news.
Thats just how they work.
A customer just showed me pictures of her home destroyed by a car that doctorve right into it...
I was shocked
You don't have to be perfect.
You don't have to play well.
You don't have to fix everything by yourself.
Wait that one Snoopy where Woodstock had to rebuild Snoopy's doghouse after Lucy threw a surprise party for Charlie Brown...
Smoking makes running more challenging.
Yeah, that's it.
: ty.
You were the one that encouraged me to do this.
I feel honored!
Listening to the sounds of Martenot Waves on Rainy Dawg Radio.
Radio Collective
u know what I take my hat off to u .....cause no other club put on for baton rouge like da
I'm home sick so I'm eating taco bell and watching the view.this is the first time in at least 6 months that I have has fast food!
Romans 6:22 But now that you have been set free from sin and have become slaves of God, the fruit you get leads to sanctification and its en
The mistake we make is not going for happiness first.
If we did, everything else would follow.
Wow, did you hear that?
Seek happiness 1st!
Ah!
WTH newfacebook?
Yes, I know I'll be fine with you again in a few days but as for right now?
notokay!
Contest for a free CD on our tumblr!
Check it out!!!
Somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
In Florida during the past five years, homelessness among public school students ages 5 to 17 jumped 84 percent.
Finally watching O.C.
season 4.
Can't believe Kevin Sorbo is Ryan's Dad and Chris Brown is Kaitlin's love interest.
SMH.
Your disembodied head priceless  up on our FB page!
RT : HA!
I had no idea yellow doesn't work at the wall
i stay on top of good
not bad...all the more to love haha.
hope all is well bro.
haha thanks that was nice :
: I want a glass of wine so badly but I know I'll end up doctornking the whole bottle.
dilemma same, except I'm fine with that
Having breakfast with Louis of Redline Ent.
getting thangs ready for da Low Low Carshow!!
Hates school!!
SO ready to leave this town with all these two faced people.
Has realized that I need to put myself first..
Follow for all your needs in the LA area.
Photographing movie stars and more
did you enjoy?
lmbo!
at , this is true, but thank you !
I had planned to move back here but doesnt look worth it.
And BR took hit from all the hotels and gas.
Back to playing HR donks.
i have nothing if i dont have you.
cheh haha.
is Cain the conservatives answer to Obama?
are either of them black??
doesracismexist?
ILovee Your Smile  How You Dance TeAmoo
If FB isn't your cup of tea, check out the You Tube Paranormal Pooch book trailer.
very long
Shoutout to  Go follow her now3
OMG....Kenneth Fareid just monster dunked BIG TIME vs.Lob City
Yes...but you don't know how old!
LOL!!!!
Twitter was made for you, girl!
LOL
going to bed
It's so funny how people try to say something negative or a lie to see my reaction...
You fucking hater, go get your life together.
I love that place!
So cute :
Weird, whenever someone tweets to RT something, I retweet it.
I'm such a follower.
See what I did there?
:
If she didn't pull it out her mouth during a joint session!
It wasn't a 3SUM!!
Scary.
It reminds me of The Ring.
Ah
I have to ask you something!!
I believe he only gave up more than 3 runs once on the road after the first week of July last year.
Not that bad IMO
It's listeningto Wednesday!
What music are you checking out right now?
great time at CLA conference connecting with old and new friends
maybe preexisting social bond is required, messy greasy cheese on a deepdish is not good for flirting with strangers ;
Bitch!
You know what I want!
Samson, Half Baked
it assumes weapons but not bribery.
Bears are very honorable
I believe the need will arise right after the jump ball
Hatred is a blind as love.
me when I tried talking to him.
And he was sick.
Coughing and sneezing the WHOLE 8 hours :/
John Hughes says Florida is asking: what programs have low barriers to entry but high returns?
HowToKeepARelationship by been yourself
Haha iD Take You Too Lol
wow!!
That sounds awesome!
Have a great time!
That's great!
RT : I love Can't imagine life w/o it.
Keeps my brain clear of swirling ideas  must do's.
Happy Birthday !
Goodnight Justin..
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.
Congrats!
RT We are opening for The Like and The Sounds July 3rd in Hyde Park.
:
what are you paying attention too when you are socially conscious?
Inside  outside relationships, what is appropriate social form
I use to want to be a, Hometown Hottie, but now all I want is to be in the Are You Next?
section in !
ItsHardWhen you can't tell if he's real or fake, if he's lying or telling the truth, if he loves you or not........
I will never buy another SamsungTV it has been nothing but problems.
I wanna doctornk!
lol
Let's go !
Time to take the AL Pennant two years in a row
I'm sure everything will turn out all right just give it time!
The last man on earth sat alone in a room.
There was a knock on the door....
Fredoctorc Brown, a short SF story.
Is getting ready for another crazy night at axis radius!!!
For table reservations and guest list request hit me up8820317..
yess that sounds like such a great plan!
I mean we both get an iPhone :
You mean a lot more to me than you think you do
Trying to convince my 2 1/2 yr old to watch a Mumford  Sons music video.
She'd rather watch Go Diego Go.
I'm failing as a parent.
Dear essay on Napoleon due tomorrow, I hate you.
Sincerely, Not started yet.
It is so good  easy to make!!
I would put the Mango Butter on bread, but I gave up bread to be healthy and less round.
just downloaded Texter for windows to help me on redundant keystrokes, quite a tool.
Happy Easter, the day of pastel everything.
Spending the day with family, missing others!
Reminder: 3pm TODAY, South Lawn auditorium: DH Speaker Series: on Idiosyncrasy at Scale: Data Curation in the Humanities
Happy Friday folks, what's everyone working on?
Anything fun?
Join us tonight for the band Radio Radio  9:00, you are sure to enjoy the pop, rock, and dance sounds they play!
Oh!
isn't he so great!
He had big up north adventures this weekendpoor urban dog!
:
Who's up Lets talk,
I would like to go home now  this is boring.
can I give our offer.
DM u!
Been using play forever but it doesn't have retinol.
It's now time for the big guns.
lol
I just want to see who Courtney Upshaw gets doctorfted to
6'7Unsigned Senior Jamarcus Horace helping the Rytes Warriors control the paint and the glass.
He is AVAILABLE!!
GASO  Duncanville.
idk if i can do that :
all I want for my birthday is him 3
Those magic changes!!!
Pitch/presentation time is approaching.
Looking forward to seeing what has been developed.
your song pray gives me so much inspiration!!:
I LOVE YOU, I LOVE YOU, thanks for all u do, big hugs
CLP has a Gadget Lab with about 8 different ereaders represented.
I don't get it.
You keep 31/32 team unis the same and then give Seattle a new look?
Is this like Oregon football?
Help me out...
Closets changed, along with fragrances for the warmer weather.
Sleeping pattern changed for earlier sunrise and longer day.
lol well maybe u can teach me a thing or two
You're like a doctoram come true
It's Mother's Day!
AU's class of 2012 is graduating!
The sun is out in Denmark!
It's a great day all over the world.
in that case you may want to evict me.
bwahaha!
Having a serious yellow crush today  liked doctorsses, cocktails and furnishings on Pinterest all in shades.
That's how we show respect!
I like KillIndiana better.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
: Yes RT : is 5'5 short?
depends, on a guy?
Yes.
A girl, average.
Thanks Josh!
No, I didn't end up doing The Voice.
Did Disney instead.
:
Is it possible that basketball is so uninteresting to me that I am watching instead of CelticsLakers?
Yup, sure is!
I never look back darling, it distracts from the NOW Edna Mode The Incredibles
Liza 'redefines dining elegance'  Gulf Times
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
George Edward Woodberry
wow!
what a night....I need some sleep :
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
Haha uh oh PITT is doctorving.
Suicide is such a lonely and desperate decision.
It's impossible to know all the factors that cause someone to make that decision.
Yelp Helps.
The Chanda Plan Foundation will be there.
www.yelp.com/events/denveryelphelps
You may see me in the 512 sooner than u think.
Hope your travels were smooth.
Last minute cram sessions...can't wait to get this over with.
I have so many exciting things I wanna start today :
It makes my MacBook Pro run hard and get really hot.
It didn't do that before.
lol....
That's probably why I never heard of that gear; I can't even afford the D700 right.., haha!
It's a Jason Aldean kinda day.
lmao...I know....that's why I joined 3 more leagues!!
Our member prices are now even lower!!
Stop in and see for yourself!
Open till 7 :
Just purchased two tickets to Peru for a ten day vacay with great people :D
no problem!
what's wrong with Austin???
I'm seeing all kinds of tweets saying something's wrong.
Btw I got my EP :
Rain, no problem...
Indoor it is!
i like the way you walkin when you walkin my way.
Are you freakin kidding me??????
Ditto!
My fave is that you can't just change to reply all if you already hit reply and typed out the entire email.
WHERE IS LUNA?!
It's a real craft....whistling
Want a free signed ticket, flyer, and flyer??
Tell us your fav event this year for your chance to win!
Who has a son in 5th8th grade, would consider sending them to a Catholic HS or a nondenominational private HS  is intrstd in earning 75
did we lose you for real this time haha?
Making paper outlines like a boss
Closing show of balmingilead happening now.
Thanks to everyone for coming, we had a great run!
I'm on pace to destroy LifeOnTheGrid somehow....I think I have super powers
Barry Sanders broke tackles for our sins.
Sometimes I wonder if Rhianna is joking when it comes to her dance moves.
Human Subjects Research Law makes my eyes cross...
We need to get back to robots.
All up and down the West Coast baby!
Fucking Stoked!
I would go wit Maci too.:
did someone just open a canned response?
spending the weekend with the best guy ever!
My brother3
Reposted my tweet, sometimes the link works, a few seconds later it doesn't.
Thanks for the heads up.
Im going to try sleeping again woot woot
New Providence man takes the Independent Press to Hawaii
yeah they do.
he made the choice though
Very happy to have just gotten an internship at the :
she was born in the 80s, she still uses her phone as a phone!
I Miss Youu !
Thx!
You have a great week too and Happy Mother's Day!!
Realized today that if you don't own a cat, you really have no reason to buy a laser pointer.
selena is doing okay, thank God
Happy mothers day!
Have a good one!
i see the point as a sort of PR campaign.
not something i think anons should be wasting their time with.
hack the media for
AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : this job search is so hard...
Next month my birthday ah!
To bad I'm not in new Jersey.
:
wow thats deep
Thoughts in head
There are no friendtimeouts in hockey...
except on the first whistle after the 10min mark of each OT.
Rise  Shine!
Have a good week everyone 
If not today I'll definitely be down for the show Thursday night.
You going?
Boys who try to act cute,  pleasee go do something.
Watching Blood and Bone starring Micheal Jai White...this is a god movie  kinda funny :
One of our clients needs to buy a used portable baptistry by JUNE 3...can you help?
please eM
They don't know about us.
Got Danm I luv to smoke
Well, duh!
I am
don't worry, only VERY flavored iced coffee, like once a month :P hehe
Hello!
And welcome back to San Francisco!
I can't wait to see the new CfA office.
Take a moment to lose yourself in a song today!
MorganStanley wealth manager will not face felony chrgs for hit  run because Col.
prosecutors don't want him to lose his job.
Bastards!
Gotta stop for gas guys
C'mon, billy crystal.
Christian bale was in Newsies too.
Networking  olive pit!
W/
oh my...I really feel for u girl..your situation sounds a lot worse than mine ever was and to me mine was bad enough!!!!.....
: Can somebody get my Brew City tickets?!
I will pay you back!
I feel like they runnin out!
Lol who's gonna help him out?!
The country will founder w/o a fair wage.
We might as well outsource everything like companies have been doing anyways.
Loving my first : Great panels, interesting people, and a fabulous goodie bag!
i seriously will show up 3 days early though
i need a job its frefaking rediculous
MT Obama on disagreeing on w/other Christians: Not only Christ sacrificing himself on our behalf, but its also the Golden Rule.
Heading home to my beautiful wife, see you in a bit honey.
Follow back please :
You finally got twitter!
:D
JETS SUCK SUCK SUCK Dolphins needa win this one
LOVEME LOVEME SAY U GONNA LOVE ME CAUSE IIM LIKE REALLY DERPRATE
I saw a hippie walk out of a pub with an enormous tortoise and set it down on the sidewalk beside a yappy little chihuahua today.
Love NYC.
we are great, business is really picking up.
Hows things on your end?
waystoaskforhead if I flip a coin what's the chance of me getting head ;
time to take a nap
have been looking extra pretty today with
FF Go follow she seem coo as hell.!
N her tweets be real
Looks closely or miss it like many other marketers: social media, social media, social media, OOH media, social media, social media 
ask RNG if they would ever do a workshop in Chicago Allison from Chicago!:
New epidermis oxygen Jordan footwear specific towards the ...
are you saying that we should be praising or even talk about our old OLB's?
bitches dont know the half like they flunked at math
Show me your hands, Let me wash them clean.
Show me your heart.
And let me heal you.
NewDirections?
I only like One Direction.
:P
: Why are you talking during my lesson?
Why are you teaching during my conversation?
thatswhatsup thatbad
: Good morning y'all ; I say it even tho you rude folks won't say it back tho...
DailyTweet..Good morning...LOL
So happy to wake up today and see 24 million monsters is 1 TT!
I'm on my Robin Thicke shit
time to assemble the crew.
oh, wow...
hope it's better soon, close them and let them tear!
hhaaha the tickets are selling out already!
Want to support Chicago biz, but has its work cut out for them.
Food, service, music all a major disappointment.
Everyone follow my boy and check out his company.All people I have GFX/Intros for hold tight.Home computer broke new PSU Soon!
and have you ever noticed the '' lol '' sign looks like a man doctorwning!
Anyway I can email you about those In ears?
can u plz follow me im a true mb fan i know alot about mb
I'm a hungry, hungry slightly hippolike lady.
Whom shall I visit for lunch today?
And will they have donuts?
Happy Birthday!
it's opening the 17th!!
Going to try and go to sleep
Sigh.
This is another thing where I spend too much time in Internet social circles, isn't it?
I think ima whined up in twitter jail 2night
aw, but that takes the fun out of it.
Just...just do not flush tampons, people.
Seriously.
It's like something from a horror movie.
what a year!
Congrats!
Womens World Cup of Soccer Finals on now.
Exciting play thus far.
Go Team USA!
I could stare at hot guys and girls all day.
Hell yeah!
That's awesome!
Big show indeed.
Kegging is where it's at for sure.
I was seeing if they were done!!!
I remember the day I decided I wanted to attend I saw SisterPresident Cole on Oprah  was mesmerized.
Happy Founders Day!
S/o to he's cool and FollowsBack  so follow him :
hey hit girl im kick ass lol
not having my car and having 2 wait for my mama 2come pick me up is not bad but when im ready 2 go im used 2 just going now waiting
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Thanks for the follow.
lol don't fall asleep and you'll get an A
rain is a good thang!
agree, but who gets his start?
Should You Buy a Smoothie Blender?
Highspeed smoothie blenders have become increasingly popular lately, as people look for more ways to
Friends in California, give me a call if u want to Eliminate your Electric Bill with Solar Panels Zero Down if u qualify 16463979817
Headed to Bdubs with the boys, haayooh.
I realized that the reason I thought Super 8 was a bad movie title was that I've been pronouncing suppurate wrong.
I miss Nobody has told me to shut up yet today!!!
:
there's some asshole walking around in an Angels tshirt, too.
Got some hockey cards for the first time today.
No Preds, Stars or Pens, but I got a Yote.
Trivia Team Name: I Hit It And Quidditch, Now I Have Genital Hogwarts
yo did you play last nite dam everytime I see you play soft with no heart
She make me so mad sumtimes.....
Men who eat many prunes, sit on toliet many moons.
I think boyfriend will get 7 million views in a day.
I mean c'mon get real.
DID U SEE HOW AMAZIN THAT WAS?!
Lord.
Thank You, mister President!
I'm so proud right now.
why doesn't Donovan just make the move?
Surely it's better for American soccer to have him be player of the year for everton!
Just a reminder..
We will be closed tomorrow for Labour Day and opening again Tuesday!
Have a great day off!
Lmfao.
This dean make us walk around the school cuz were too noisyy.
Daaafukk
Thanks!
RT : Thanks for voting No on
Um, cool but no, thanks.
Good try, though.
There is one pain I often feel, which you will never know.
It is caused by the absence of you.
Bieber Fever
: The only question now is which bourbon on Bourbon Street?
Beam?
Maker's?
Woodford Reserve?// ynot all of them
7 Days Without Prayer Makes One Weak!
awhh...
!
I like you !
I will Promise !
youu betta think about me to niqqa !
Would you have stopped if you had rec'd negative reactions?
When i'm reading fiction i have to remind myself that the characters aren't real, just the morals and the lessons lol
yes!
Are we going to be both sitting at the table at lunch?
After a great opening, we are back for night two of Wolf.
Will you be there?
Thnk u Larry  staff for putting up w/ our fam  triplets  coffee was delicious  LUVD lavender truffles b back soon
Buenos Dias Hermoso!
: Hope you have a great day!:
Old memories reminded by new people?
At home in Bmore thinking about how the Wizard of Oz did for the Ravens this weekend.
What do you think?
CrabsBohsHon
happy Friday the 13th!!
You're a substitute chemistry teacher!
I'm the novelty that never wears out ;
Hey, , I want to pitch something to you, because I trust your judgement of sitcoms and films!
Congrats to our own for being named on the board.
Looking forward to more great events and inspiring thoughts.
For a nonprofessort, How much professort is too much?
Org may earn 'incidental' professorts...447mil earned in 2011
I think I found a space for my school...
6th Ave and I225 in Aurora!!
im gonna plan a paleo dinner night for may what are the odds of getting ur butt on a train to lowell to join a paleo gang?
: love the 'making of' video on your siteinnocence to disillusionment...such a perfect description!
Can't wait to hear more!
Our house used to have a sauna in it.
Why would you want one of these in Louisiana?
The most common word for sauna here?
Outside.
Thank you, bro!
RT : thanks for the follow man
I just finished 'Zenzele' and I am starting 'The Humbling' by Philip Roth.
Also reading several mindfulness books.
Remember when...
RT Going on stage now
RT Spoiler: The Godot dude or whatever never even shows up.
Total waste of time.
ATT must enjoy being despised by its customers.
Apparently one has to call ATT customer service to disable voicemail.
WOW!!!
What a shocker..Whitney Houston is dead!
Sadly expected!
RIP to one of the best singers of all time!
:
Thursday  the Moose  Peach and Roasted Yellow Pepper Bisque 
Brogrammer s watch out.
The oldies are crying about us.
I'm flexin, goin off.
Commission's meeting for organized group presentations will begin approximately at 9:30
The Coalition for Government Procurement Hires Carolyn Alston
Played an awesome Jazz gig with Local Jazz talents..
haha dude this is awesome, you look great!
Not a chance,my OCD is kicking into gear now,Silly?Maybe,but you wouldn't pet a Gator in the Swamp would you?
12 more days :
i'm not gay but i like men!!
Tell us about a person you admire.
What has this person taught you?
Listening to O'Reilly is like watching the news of another country.
i hate thunderstorms
A vigorous fivemile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world
From a football perspective, losing Will Smith for 5 G hurts, but Vilma's been declining for years and Saints signed Lofton and Hawthorne.
Josh Hamilton doubles in 2 more runs for Texas..82 bottom of 4th.
Congrats to the class of 2012!
We did it!!
There is noone that can hold you back from your doctorams except YOU.
Thanks and hugs to , RoadoctornnerCAABQ, , , !
And dip out
Crapitals  loving it!
Thanks for the article mention, Neal; it's much appreciated!
Let me know if I can ever help you.
funny show today.
im with big bro, u already know how that shit goes, fuckn laggerbombass lol
on my way to Phoenix, AZ
Can't wait to see you in New Orleans.
The Prestige  In Time  The ILLIXER
The New American Haggadah is back in stock, just in time for Passover.
If you called to have one set aside, it is now here.
Aww, such sweet words about Simmons!
CONGRATULATIONS on finishing law school!!
speaking fluent spanish with right now lol
Always a good day when you get a RT from !
He's my FF for great environmental stories, and funny kiddo quips.
I still say you should bring and with you to SD for the most epic of shows.
But that's just me.
;P
Still reading to my 12yr old, although less and less.
It sometimes gets tiresome, but it's good time together.
thanks for a job well done!
Stay here as our Coach until you retire.
Big Blue Nation and Coach Cal is a great combination.
Clutch free throw shooting, by the way,
Im ok no complaints jus ready to cme hme :
How did you know that's what I'm making tonight?
Well, I'm adding baked chocolate chip cookies for dessert.
thanks!
Hah awe
Can dogs eat shrimp?
Behind the scenes on Game of Thrones: It's grownup, wildly complex and full of Yorkshire accents.
Yet somehow '..
Yeah, so when you're posting pics of all the cool art you see at Gallery Night, maybe credit the artist who made it.
Listen to me, only quitters quit.
Red Foreman, That 70's Show
Estelle sings in the bathtub, I love the sea.
I'm woman turtle and I love the see.
Fun Fact: The Great Barrier Reef is the largest organic construction on earth.
Telling someone you had a doctoram about them is code for, I had a doctoram we fd and now I want to oO!!!!
Park Sports Bar Tonight 6565 ...
ridiculous call.
Melo has limited spatial awareness of his gigantic body.
Happy Halloween!!!
WAIT WHAT?
IN TOMORROW'S SHOW THE GIRL SLEEPS WITH HER FATHER?
WTF
thanks, will sleep well tonight in my nest of thoughts
I'm so happy for the Rangers but feel for Joel Ward.
Disgusted that there are more racist tweets directed at him too
Jamie Moyer is rocking the stirrup socks this year.
Which is amazing.
i'm pretty sure i'm going to need a beer doctornk today
Saw you in the film 'Salvation Road'  PAFFgreat job!
Love it!
whineparty Hope your headache goes away so you can sleep xo
I want to find a love, like an county music video.
there are
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!
XOXOX
great post!
New to Olioboards, thanks to fb share.
Laura, double thanks for the RT!
Susan
ImMadBecause Im To Scared
ill start tweeting like i use to starting saturday morning like 10:00AM East, 7:00AM West.
Guess I will lay it down.
Jasmine finally went to sleep
If a guy wanted to do a limited tshirt print run, who should he use?
I'm a fan of American Apparel's 50/50, or is there a better shirt?
BentleyPC.com, where all your computer repair doctorams come true...
Who's ready to go for a bike ride?
lol no ima tweet my own things .
your a loser taylor :
hate the vibrotto in her voice, like she having a seizure
You wanna know what's annoying when boys like girls for their looks!!!
cufflinks, belt, leather tie travel case,  golden fleece passport wallet.
All my Favs, can't choose just one.
Son of LCSH: Cooking, CanadianMaritime style; Form headings, Library of Congress; Monkeys with disabilities
I gave you a courtesy upvote.
Telling them you love them and don't mean it.
This Saturday's Ireland vs Scotland game should be quite a match!
: Or it's an awesome example of using video to talk directly to readers about the most talked about story of the day.
Forgot how beautiful the NC mountains are.
Now if we could just move the turquoise ocean water from South Beach here it would be perfect!
agreed.
Pitches scared
RT KUSI has a very accurate assessment of /// ohh he ha.
.
.sorry, y'all.
can't retweet it with a straight face.
.
.forget it.
Jack White is a Nashville transplant.
Like all Nashvillians.
it was good and yours?
America, I did not need one piece of legislation to create one job.
The housing market is this country vehicle out of this economic downturn
I find myself waiting for your text ....
what me to follow?
tell me:?
haha i already follow alot of people But i wanna follow everybody:D
Just walked outside...
Eerie calm...
No one on golf course, no one at pool, no one outside near the lake...
It must be Sunday football!
seriously since i moved in with my sis its a small ass apartment i sleep in the living room with my sis n her bf and its small lol
Thank you for all of your support!
There is no place i'd rather be, than on the surf board out at sea.
RT : excuse me, can you tell me what floor Monet's water taffies are on?
My Twitter stream says...
more people care about the Gophers NIT run than the critics were saying
RIP Whitney Houston.
So sad.
OhioWantsAustinMahone i hope he goes there3:
It's a beautiful afternoon in Leander, but think it may be even warmer in STATE of Michigan.
Love that.
Some chicks I just can't trust that's why I let go of a lot of em
Announcement: Stay tuned to an Art Of Image teleconference with established fashion designer Erika Chloe !!
Details to follow.
Finally out of the airport and ready to explore SF with my crazy cousin!
My Siri texted me her resignation and quit.
Said something about going to hair school.
What a bitch.
Thanks for hosting us this morning.
We're invested in knowing more about homelessness in RVA to end it.
Let us know if you need some help setting up that website, okay.
Oh, and congrats on that very large rubber stamp!
:
no but I spent at least 15 min in the aisle with puff paint reminiscing spin art and the 90s.
Do they have a club card?
Darn dog is at it again.
for sure following back!
: thanks so much for the shout out!!
: and nothing much really just set on replying to people :
Allen: need good assessment tool for people 1st time they enter criminal justice system.
What kind of risk, what do they need
Oh well thats clool haha were about to leave hes taking roll  first flight  perqumence
I don't believe you wouldn't believe I wouldn't remember
vs New Orleans tonight at 7pm.
Ride out shuttle!
Happy Hour Specials 46pm.
That's certainly a first step, but where are the sanctions and penalties from cycling's governing body?
Beer me that disk.
His heart withers if it does not answer another heart.
Love you so much!
To the  and back times infinity!
Lolololol RT : Tonex clearly came out of denial, not the closet cuz hell we been knew.
Going to see the Mission Impossible movie later today
Just pulled out of my parking space in the valley for the last time.
If you have no money and you want a usa visa there areno questions asked.
But to more you got the more you have to prove?!
Come in!
We'd love to make you something delicious!
Have you been to our new spot  the Power Plant?
We relocated in November.
Ma'am, you're English isn't as good as you think it is, please order a less complicated doctornk
damn basketball game taking your spotlight doctoradoctornalin
Well I guess you have never been pampered??!!
LOL
just sent in my pics!
:
RT : A1: The biggest one I see is the faculty when you are trying to involve them in student programming
Weather is crazy.
: it is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth I thought it was someones grocery list.
Thanks!
Snorting crystal light pink lemonade is a bad idea.
RT Twitter is the meta highway which most info will flow through.
But it will diffuse down to niche conversational channels
Thank you for all you do for SBTC!
Thanks for taking TIME to talk to us!
Bless you!
The new Blonde is going to be African American now the rate of black girls are dying their hair.
It never makes sense to me why people were sunglasses inside.
This week's supposed to be warm.
yay
svedka commercials really confuse me...
How do they know who is going to vote in 2033 when the world is ending in 2012?
The Mobile Media Revolution is here.
If you are not using these technologies to communicate with your customers, you are behind the times.
I want snow so bad!
But of course it has to rain instead..
:
...
Because finally I'm good at sharing.
Just show the extra features.
Everyone loves blooper reels.
I can't, however, vouch for its legality.
And they contacted you to see if you would be interested?
You should go through the interview for laughs.
The goal of effective communication should be for the Listener to say, Me, Too!
versus So what?
Jim Rohn
Taxi shift change stinks!
there must be a gif for that.
it's gonna stink without all of you guys here
That sounds frightening.
Let me know if you can figure out a way to base a fantasy league on it and I'm all over it, though.
I wish!
Our team will just be remotely skyped in.
After his latest tax package I'm sure NH will love to hear how he's bringing jobs and citizens to VA.
Yeah, it will be a mess in the morning
Just got out of my first day of Track.
Not bad..not bad
cant sleep...
ugh and i got court early at 8:30 this morning P BaByDoLL
MT : Actually there are dzns and dzns of Dems who like what Ryan is doing.
But not for the reasons Ryan would like.
i was in your 'hood last week, had dinner with the Harts, where are you racing next?
Nights to myself inevitably involve a lot of singing.
Love you too!
Aha :
Homecoming game or pillow
Emailed you guys again about another album posted for download on that same site.
haha love you too bud.:
I'm on that level in HTown bronson...
We get it done
If you block some body do you just disappear from their feed or does it say you blocked them?
RT : Well I'm officially disappointed.
eating and listening to
I don't get it?
Are you getting at the explotation of breast cancer research?
Got to get in...
work out
I'll never understand you, hockey.
8 seeds consistently beat 1s.
Now a 7 seed taking out the champs.
It's almost like talent doesn't matter.
Invisible things are the only realities.
Edgar Allan Poe quote G'day!
Off to New York
Baseball  horses
The new initiative Connecting the Dots from Foster Care to Employment and Independent Living connects former foster childoctorn with mentors
going out on Valentine's Day or staying home?
first attempt at baba ghanouj: delicious and easy to make
the fish at Nori Maki just keeps getting better and better.
Mikado is the man!
Having a bad hair day...grrr...
WELL YOU DON'T KNOW APPARENTLY HAHAHAH
hockey game tonight: devils vs flyers game 5
Thanks momma!
: Love you!
You'll be my doctoram
please follow me please!!!:D
What's that gear on back of Lewis's car?
Looks like a narrow strip of grill.
Dan Jones and Thom Hoskins at Gusto for
Clearly I have fucking head phones on and I'm blasting my music for a reason.
Don't try having a damn convo with me.
chics will get ugly ass fake nails that look like warewolf claws
My 6 year old nephew wants to name their future dog Canada.
What a cute name!
Nice!
RT Bulls game  my place tonight 7pm
Playin my PS2 before I go to church
I hate it when your dog barks at nothing when your trying to sleep
Are you a student?
Present your ID card before ordering  we'll give you 10 off!
Please RT!
I'm from South Carolina.
The names Erin and Aaron are pronounced the same way.
What a wonderful morning rain in Houston again!!!
Shocker!!!
RT Thank you for making me a woman.
Estelle
Content Marketing Tip  Using multiple forms of content delivery makes it easier to reach a larger audience.
follow back hun
I know who Cecil B.
Demille is.
I know bcuz I went to film school.
And those who haven't, they don't care.
m zebra cake
whats up with your website..doesn't work!
No they are blue!
;
Never underestimate the determination of a kid who is time rich and cash poor.
Cory Doctorow, Canadian writer
heading to the RoseBowl and cheering the Badgers to victory!
at least this way I can say you are in clear violation of number 5 when in a meeting.
I just Wanna
i like dust in wind
Tom, Thanks much.
Ace had a hell of a run.
Not sure if you're going to the National Show, but if so, see you there, OK?
So wrote this amazing song for SexyResults, and we need someone to perform it.
I've narrowed it down to Trent Reznor or Prince.
: : : I SHOULD OF STAYD WITH U BRUH You should have night would've been better...
Thanks for the kind words Matt.
The Coruja and the Finch are both great rides.
get on mw3
chill times.
saturday.
whats up?
who am i right?
YES!
RT : History in the making: is the 1st Pres.
to openly support gay marriage .
Well played, mister President.
In terms of social network performance, FB Insights and bit.ly are good.
Haven't tried Crowdbooster yet!
It's my Friday today!
Time to do some writing.
Let's see if I can't get back on my posting schedule this week.
But When it hurts, I can make it better We been thru the worst, Made it thru the weather.
Our .prob  the pain.
But Love Dont Change
Stay focused kid.....stay focused
eaving in Michael
what about those of us who've been season ticket holders for a while?
Not others, cunt.
after class one day she was laughing telling someone I just have a big imagination and its funny!
not really
Taxes suck!
I can't believe we owe so much!
FML!!!
Aw, thanks for the RT!
:D
I get a tear in my eye everytime I watch the A's get that 20th consecutive win in moneyball.
:'
You are the only bible that some people will ever know and you are the only Jesus some people will ever know.
How are YOU living your life?
come home to the podcast, Domino!!!
ilovelifebecause Justin Bieber is in it!
;
Try tonight's free play special, the Cruis'n Club!
Turkey, bacon, avocado  pepperjack on grilled sourdough w/ chips for only 6.
LOOK OUT!!
I wish I saw on laundoctor day.
Under things tumbling.
haha I feel bad
Can't get downtown for SuperBowl?
No problem.
Check out 20 different super celebration sites to enjoy the festivities!
Ever reported on NEPAD?
if yes give me a link
We got a special connection were no one can come in between.
We made a promise to each other we gonna never end
I figured out that some Craigslist rental listing are scams!
I'm like Nancy doctorw and Encyclopedia Brown's genius baby.
image in from ben and one week to go email sent to remaining 36 photogs
Idk how I got this way I no its not all right so I'm breaking a habit
enjoy the zumba class!!
love me some LKJ, thanks for bringing him up and i think you're spot on about the song reference as associated to the situation
he don't wanna see me in the post either
I am seeing plenty tweets about Econ thank goodness I don't need that class for my major!
Lol whew
Barbie is jelly :o
So true lil sis RT 95 GRIND AND 5 SLEEP...ALL FOR MY KIDS.MY PROOF IN THE PUDDING..WALA MAGIC..
Katie Holmes and Suri Cruise Spend the Day With a Familiar Character
haha, for once!
;D
Awesome.
Yeah, it's an amazing event and something more people should experience.
I'm a fan!
; What did you build?
I may have to plant my garden early this year...
JORDY I WANNA BE YOUR SHORTY
rock is giving you.
Lots of stats
i now y he will win
Chicken Noodle Soup.
That is all.
where as Africa is an entire continent, yes.
saw overlytalkative lakeway guy at starbux  he said i was cool for a teenager.
i was like...yea totes wish i could see R movies
Some dudes are so fuking rude!
Two of the things I'm most proud of in life: I've never bought anything from abercrombie and fitch and I've never murdered someone
That doctormust of put her hand up my vajayjay and presses on my tummy like 5 times
ily2 thank you 
I cant make you hungry for it you got to want it just as bad
It's crazy how you're always there for someone n the one time u can't be there they forget about everything you've done for them
Ooh!
What are you creating?
:
lol but she making a big mess
Thanks for the follow!
Long time, no see!
Just got the final masters to Raoul Zerna's new tune: Dancers Delight.
Great remix by Beatmaker.
Available soon on Beatport!
Today was a good day been chillin n hoopping
Waiting for Fiona Apple So excited!!
You are welcome!
We wish you a blessed Christmas!
Moving on up!
A BKC and rangers win get my week started right!
Alright thats fine.
Thanks :
My 2nd pit to get cancer...geez.
Bright side?
um....he's still a happy pup...
what an interesting organization to be involved in Francis!
Good luck :
hell of a back up restaurant
To the trainee at Subway: extra jalapenos does not mean would you like some sandwich with your jalapenos?.
this day just keeps getting worse.
I'm never giving up..
I 'm more motivated today than yesterday to make my doctorams a reality...
whenever possible, when u have time
Quote: As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
Ben Hogan
actually trying to go to the Nuggets game.
: and you?
Hey thoughts?
RT : Five words: duck fat infused Grand Marnier...
Really?
The bartender says, yes.
Really.
press my follow button please,?
It would mean the world to me 3 .
cheer up.!
U cant check ya phone, let alone blink at a Heat game
If you could CLONE one person who would it be?........
I'd CLONE Vin Scully
RT : A2: I love this quote from lib in article big publishing houses really arent where the action is.
Have water damage or need a roof tarp dont forget to give us a call!!!CA 8009958988  Las Vegas 7022081699.
LINK YOU TO VID IN A FEW MINS.
KICKIN UP DUST, MAKING A FUSS.
If you don't go to school or have a job, what are you doing with your life?
Happy Easter!
please follow
im so happy about y'all being verified!
Y'all deserve it!!!
Love y'all!
Another successful glass fusing class, you ladies were awesome!
:
that is a great name.
How many people must I follow before I find you?
you'll always be Alist to me!!!
we agree!
thanks for passing it along!
Thanks, this isn't a scam is it?
Headed to Interop next week!!
Janis, Thanks very much for the RT!!
Tony Bartoli
I would absolutely buy another hybrid.
I wish I had the cash to do so right now.
I absolutely love my Prius V.
Lawyers, please feel free to send us any legal news you would like published on the AustinLegalNews blog!!
No baby and Wayne kissing homie
Snoogled up and about to watch Young Adult.
SO excited.
Diablo Cody is my queen.
just pick at random the twitter handle of hahaha!
your so weird
It's the lastdayofschool and 1 kid has already done several pages of her summer homework packet.
She's sad 1st grade's over.
RT : pats your shoulder its OK honey..
it was really silly..
Yes, what she said.
If intelligence was directly correlated to bowling skill I'd make statements like this more often.
missing you more sweet bottom love pants!
Cp3 can do it all..
Ok, so these are preseason games, but still ...
LOL that is too funny!!!
Thank You soo Much
Good morning and happy Friday!!
Can't wait for the weekend!
Greeat time!
I think Ben was surprised to receive a Christmas bonus!
its about time!
RT : Texans play 1st primetime game on overtheair free TV in franchise history, Oct 14th vs GB on NBC.
Historic.
Is rb songstress.
Sound Cloud is a free app that is compatible with the iPhone IPad and IPod touch.
God bless!!
That's an easy one...Blue!
RT : QUICK POLL: If you had to wear one color for the rest of your life, what would it be?
this cold weather makes me want to tackle someone i love it
Great review.
Saw someone on the train reading it.
Looked over her shoulder and read 1 line: 'Turn around,' he orders.
Thanks MIke!
Next song Champagne  Chickenheadz
Despite what rational choice theorists assert, humans are largely unpredictable because they are only intermittently rational.
Awww!
: Why does everything happen to ?
She doesn't deserve this!
I haven't missed an game yet this year.
Man, I can feel my blood pressure rise every single day.
They are painful.
gmail and andoctorid are terrible products for everyday users.
huge opporunity for useful platforms here.
Galaxy score again!
2 assists for Beckham!
Does anyone know of any sources about the retention and attrition of school librarians?
Academic, news, anecdotal or otherwise
debating on what I can handle 2night...
catching up on or .
I'm armed with  chocolate croissants
lol it's like talking to a human, cause its human operated LOL
Some people might of messed up your past but your future is still spotless.
You can't repair split ends on your hair.
The only way to get rid of it is by cutting it.
We're also at the 4 month mark with Réunion des musées nationaux trying to clear use of a single Brassai image.
Forgiven!
I hope you and your family are doing well!
Yeah, I'm going down this afternoon so I'm sure I'll see ya at some point!
My pregnant cousin is in the hospital, hopefully todays the big day !
: If u say you love someone stfu n show it
The D.E.N.N.I.S system.
Brilliant.
Cosign RT : Skip Bayless doesn't like Fletcher Cox, I love this pick more and more by the second.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
LaoTzu
Sounds boring..
:/
Lord forgive I'm wrong!
Think I'm adopting another bad habit.
Watching Qvc at 3am 
I'm stuck with an uptight bitch who thinks her class is more important than everything else.
This crowd is ginormous.
Rightfully so, they are tearing NMF5 a new one.
Left my phone at a restaurant today.
Someone gave it to the manager to hold until I came back.
This Blister On My Hand 
Bj3 playing much better on defense.
Which leads to easy offense.
: : I retweet so many of 's tweetsbecause you're both gay love you too Ben
Currently booking Vegas tix.
Hey big love from buffalo new york yo represent :
It's a sportsfilled day w/ the Cubs opener  1:20  the Masters.
Stop by for 5 burgers and doctornk deals
This is funny i laughed hard as hell reading this
this is the day that the lord has made,so rejoice and be glad in it.bit.ly/02kxhp
Looking forward to another Milwaukee Brewers season!
Opening Day is just around the corner.
FLA!
Hope u have a chance 2 check out and dig U some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success.
you dont have enough!
Stop wondering and go to NASAs website.
You're my kind o' lady, Mary Lou!
beginning work on accessioning 's Haiti Memory Project interviews into Nunn Center collection.
Bilingual OHMS by fall i hope!
it depends on the location.
I'm a huge fans of feed aggregators on homepages.
On deeper pages with specific content, not so much
here in chicago people who saw it are saying it lasted 1520 seconds and had a long green streak
And, hopefully, the last time as your upcoming classes will all be online :
happy birthday your still as hot and sexy as ever
MovieFactOfTheDay The Departed is the only remake of a foreign film to win an Academy Award for Best Picture.
I'd DM ya, but...
You started conversations, that's good right?
Part of learning, regrets or no.
It wuz ok.
It wuznt nasty.
I had to change up....just a little!
I love your new cd I got it today.
You are so amazing.
Are you going to have a tour if u are I am going go for sure.
well royals pissing this one away again.
lets get it together boys, or this'll be a long season for all of us
Put Ur Skirt Down!!..
Finally booked a hotel room for New Years Eve far enough in advance lol.
What up wraparound terrace suite at the
Learn how to be a man before you step into a relationship.
I'm bringing back the mother fucking fannie pack
Q.
the most important question to have emerged from the 90s, perhaps ever?
Thanks!
Happy Thanksgiving to you.
actions speak louder than words
Prayer is the key that unlocks all doors
All u PORTLAND people get your asses to the Campus Rail Jam finals  Pioneer square Sat  then to the Crown Room 4 the Massive 7 after party
Thanks coach.
We get questions about the RR v.
Zone all the time  this will answer some of those.
Some epic football went down tonight.
Jazzed for a showdown with Wisconsin!
well hello monday.
i will try not to judge you on your first impression...
facebook feeds and whether or not a film needs a female director AND a female writer, etc...
all good questions!
That makes my calorie burning goals at the gym depressing ...1 pound is equivalent to 3500 calories.
whoa whoa whoa so many tweets!
Thanks everybody!
I think ness may have just said hes not a leader?
I'm out on the shooting range today!
ItsHot in Texas but still a great day for some shooting!
Halfway through the week!
HappyHumpDay folks.
Wednesday's always make me want to wear business shorts :
I'm coming next year
appreciate the RT's Have a great week!
Good outfield D, Padoctors
Someone's mad...
Lol
Why this nigga on my job got a perm?
Smh in disgust.
Talking about how late you are...
won't make you any earlier.
Time for a
lmao!!!.....
june.....
you gotta come for my bday weekend though!!
i am.
Let me know when you have a client in DC.
I would love to treat you to lunch.
Wheew!
Tuesday night was awesome!
thanks to everyone in and all others who sketched alongside us!
So tired...........basketball wore me out, I forgot how much I sucked ass.
Need help with an email issue.
Any tech gurus in FV area you'd recommend?
how??
laugh laugh
is ready to get his sip on
winter?!
Welp, see ya later
I would be most pleased to grace the walls of casa de  say the word lady!
DIP DA BLUNT N DA LEAN..DEN LIGHT IT...POP A MILEY doctorNK SUM ORANGE JUICE GET HIGHER GET HIGHER
Might be down there memorial day causing ruckus lol
thanks for the follow back!
Ditto.
Coffee and TV or stretching and running or showering and sightseeing?
Whats a date night??
: RT : DATE NIGHT!
WHAT?
Dinner amp; TheLuckyOne ...PUMPED!
Hey, country can be sexy too.
RT : Shoutout to the and all Alpha's around the world for standing behind TrayvonMartin!
nor should you have to.
Doesn't mean your not a good team mate.
People have unreachable expectations for players to often.
: JESUS Himself, could not perform the miracle until he put the unbelievers out.
Matt 9:2326
USA USA USA
lol!
these guys are so weird .
Getting my car washed, I love the new car smell when they're done.
I can't help it.
It's the Irish in me.
I wish food could magically appear in front of me.
And I wish clothes would magically appear in my closet.
rebecca black friday and prom night..
Tell me about it/:
I got cds.
Ill stop by later if that's cool
thank u for the S/O
I love my mommy because she gets online to buy me Bruce tickets while I sit here and do nothing
So.how are you still there?
ZING!
i knoww!
i payed for them too!
im so proud and happy omg :
Bloggers are cautious about what they post via social media because they may be able to monetize it  sell to news outlets.
What is all about?
Simon doesn't always follow the theme entirely, he did the same thing on the UK show.
I think I got pinkeye now :
Man, it feels good to be a gangster!
Great!
I just saw you there and friended you!
Hope you are well!
that's why would kick your ass
We have matcha poundcake!
It's green.
yeah ok watch where no head get you some short dick a maybe a cheap lick or two
frozen pudding.
:/
Tailgating  cowboys stadium ...
Fixin to get live in the game!
Going to San Diego?
Travelodge Mission Valley is offering 10 off to Diversity Platinum Members!!!
Well, since everyone is confused about Where Justin is because his tweet conflicts with Sean's tweet...
He's in my bed.
Okay?
I'M SORRY.
We have a signed/accepted contract.
Hoping to close June 1st.
Thanks we can't wait!
These chicks are seriously about to beat each others asses and it isn't even 11:30 AM!
why is Brandon Jennings Retweeting an article about his future with the I'm a little worried.
Might as well start my day.
No one else is gonna get this mil for me.
Someone slap David stern for me.
ITS GONNA EAT ME.
Finished recording the latest episode.
Look for it later this week.
Thanks to our guest from for stopping by.
Its a day to show appreciation for all of the things that mothers do
My Fair Wedding
The little boy I babysit was just screaming help me because I picked him up....thank god we were at his house and not in public.
New shows posted for Nashville, Memphis, and Oxford!
More dates coming soon!
hHAHA i would love a shout out 3
Good morning Mo'rific!
Beignets at cafe du monde.
So delicious and oneofakind!
The cowardice of komen is yet another reason to support
Ya ya.
Another great travel blog
Ken Burns' Baseball always means a sportscry.
Ah there you are!
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it
One of the few times I'd rather be here.
Enjoy the night, my friend!
Dear Crush, You woke up today, Too?
We have so much in common, omg.
We're meant to be.
;
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont Kesha.
In my opinion, sluts should not be known for 'talented' singers.
No, she sounds like a mouse too.
House gives preliminary approval to Budget Reconciliation with pension shift intact.
HISTORY IS BORING BY THOSE WHO REPEAT IT
Whew!
I was nervous there for a minute.
Lol
how about the novel cafe on Gayley?
12:00 work for you?
Y does the media keep calling these guys wth rocket launchers and AK's peaceful protesters  activists?Im spozed 2 believe tht?lol
i gotta figure some stuff out
I just messed up my email.
Unread Messages lost.
If anybody here cares, please resend.
I'm glad you're ok!
But yeah the show was awesome :
Ghostbusters im watchin you should tune inn
get ready for 18th century goodies from me 
Thanks for a ginormous, delicious, and very filling lunch!
M!
Getting butt dialed at 2am is what nightmares are made of.
i dunno when evr i get my phone turned back on
Fireworks are making me increasingly cranky.
Ridiculously loud and I want to go to bed and not have traumatized dog /
We're celebrating NationalPopcornDay!
Stop by the office for free popcorn!
If you're an AMLI resident, pick up a free movie rental too.
well thank you for the support yes haters are just not worth it dont know why ppl unfollow for no reason and are you ready
we are hoping to be in the cali area this summer!
Thanks so much for your prayers.
They mean a lot.
3
miss the food.
That's about it.
And maybe the good friends I made.
Out of the office  3pm.
Not used to this opinion production schedule yet
That is so wonderful to hear, thank you!
I guess I can fully pay attention to FFXI now that D3 is down.
RT Can somebody fill me in why flags are at half mast?
I haven't seen news in the last 24 hours.
// When you find out, let me know?
Does he get called Mary often?
: I was just informed that Tyler Moore was promoted to the big leagues.
lmaoo i wish you would hun XD cant wait though
miss you mucho!
how was it?
Ready for a wonderful day!
Good morning everyone 
Don't have to wake up until 830!!!
Oh yeah late start for me 
Perry: I'm just going to ignore all of your questions and say what I want.
Crazy migraine.....
Sun poisoning ;....
1 hour of sun...
ugh
is that only for because I like it too.
Sound work on my short film Rain Dance is nearly complete.
Hope to finish it in 2 weeks.
The confusion oomf brings 
No phone so...um yeah
researched the song a little.
Wikipedia says whistle part is civil war tune, I think ants go marching in.
Accurate?
Only 36 hours between trips.
Internal debate between brunch or laundoctor...1 wanted, 1 necessary.
Still...
Trying to get teachers to expand their horizons  update what they read with their students.
Looking for new  noteworthy
My new seller is doing all the repairs before listing.
It'd be nice if the wind would stop blowing 1/2 acre of leaves around though!
CLIFF LEE.
you should listen to this Hindi commentator, he is super funny!!!.
Did I tell u I'm a big fan of !
He's an amazing artist Please follow him!
He's also featured on our web series 4 !
Falwell Jr.: My dad wanted to found a world class university that is what Notre Dame is for Catholics and Brigham Young is for Mormons
K State!
of design and designdocumentation.
Computer Aided Design describes the way in
gotta make sacrifices for your team!
it's like waking up on saturday mornings at 7 am to watch my arsenal gunners.
2 cucumbers  1 apple  a super refreshing juice, perfect before a ride to downtown

Runs  Goes Get Laptop Charger lol 
flo'ed to BKNY Printing to check out the samples for the new series  cannot wait to sho the peeps what we conceptualized ...
pretty good :
Why have multiple people been meowing loudly outside of my apartment for the last hour?
Start of the second half.
artists of color, women, or alternative artists would not have to fight for their voices and representation so much
dhtrial sense is that most are decided and the margin is a holdout.
Good Morning!
:D
They beefing like kids,shits so childish/Where they think its gone get em with this childish ass wilding
Oh:Also I thought it was hip hop not steppin,I didn't like it,I didn't see the judge's opinion but I had predictions.
.
Saw in your Bio you were a stern fan  LOVE stern too.
babbabooey!
New c4 pre work out free samples
Who you are speaks so loudly I can't hear what you are saying.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Who are you putting the blame on this month for the job losses?
Bad data?
American Idol distracting you from job creation?
talking to josh on myspace.com
oh really then i must keep massaging lol x3
I've never actually been to the real location, just eaten at summerfest or state fair.
How's the food?
kill them with kindness
My prayers are with the young man on his motorcycle who had been hit by a car I just passed.
Celebrate the publication of THE ANGRY BUDDHIST with Tonight 7:30pm!
Special Guests!
A disconnect b/w Bartons talk and the description in the program?
I wanted more about amplified books as a replacement for apps.
umm Scott do you smell that?
If you love beautiful guitar riffs/tone, and ethereal postpunk soundnoisescape, preorder 's new LP bit.ly/a3mV08
just stood on a mirror and smashed..amazing.
NeverBe doctorssed in booty shorts with holes in em
Blaque get yo stupid black ass off
Once the hubs gives me my allowance, I'm so doing an etsy haul and hitting up your shop :
what's the haps in Charlotte?
hey!
would love to be in the mag : sending photos now
Don't worry, here are some evils: LATRAFFIC, christmas music sounds weird during the day and I didn't watch any TG football
Yes sir!
Congratulations to Brittni.
She made a great choice and we're excited to have her join the Tech family.
I would do anything to be home for the CardsHomeOpener today.
Does your business need online visibility?
Give me a call  317.430.3977  and I'll put together a great marketing plan for your business!
it'll be more regret when it comes out..
Okay this is hilarious.
respond if you want the answer: Why did the dead baby cross the road?
our duo album is up next!
And how many would actually want to come to MKE?
you have any of that Fultons pumpkin harvest liquor?
oh yeah.
Bc only follows 80 people...
The person doing the Closed captainoning has to hate it when they interview Leyland.
Jessica Brandl has been named artistin residence at Red Star Studios in Kansas City.
Congrats, Jessica!
SPURs are out of playoffs in 1st round!
Insane...
Oh my lorrd!!
Anyone see that dunk by James Johnson from the Raptors!?!
Click the see upcoming screenings tab on the site to see upcoming screenings!
oh boy.
shenanigans
Have you ever tried a stapleless stapler?
Very cool stuff!
Thankyou, Debbie.
I love you!
And every single one Of your songs:
CONGRATS!
I'm so glad u won.
3 huggies ur so lucky :D
well I'll be right over for dinner!
Looks tasty
Predatory customer service?
:
You know procrastination is at an all time high when you start turning on women's basketball...
Thanks for the follow!
LOL I hoped so :P
No, will just direct this time...
God morning everyone!
It's rainy here, so I hope wherever you are it's nice and sunny!
I like the rain though P
He's all immaletyoufinish but first let me sleep and eat at the same time!
Let me make this clear.
If anyone touches a member of my family.
I will fucking kill you.
This was the first one where I could give feedback...thought I would mess with them a little bit disturbing me on a Sunday night
no TA lol
Just became a fan of Port of Subs!
I had the best service.
Really great attitudes and very nice guys.
Great job guys.
And , thanks for being a Detroit Champion.
No wireless in Arkansas.
so how was the rest of your Monday ?
Support what lol??
In order to feel anything you need strength.........
I laugh when females come at me when they come up wit wrong facts .
Official press release went out and endorsement applications are coming in...way to go poker world !
The IP Rules was a doctoram, now a reality
I cant find my stupid phone.
IM DYING.
I haven't had it for like going on 2 days!
BLAH.
actually, it was more like: oh waa...
Very unimpressed and unenthusiastic lol
To hairdoctorsser: My cousin may actually be gay.
Oh, is this the son of your gay uncle?
No, he doesn't have any kids.
He's gay.
Natalie is childish  she's subtweting to herself!!
smh twitter gets ppl too hype
Sometimes I really feel like I'm the only person who understands me.
Google Galaxy Nexus firstimpressions review
I'm thinking chihiro from spirited away, but chi for short
Food 4 Thought: Childoctorn r the hands by which we take hold of heaven.
It's kinda sad.
I love tradition and I'm wondering if Walt would approve:
how many scars ya got?
how'd you get 'em?
WhenIGetBored I visit  have a cup of the worst coffee in Boston.
Stop being  partner with the best !
: I just want to be on a beach in the Bahamas somewhere  I'm down to
Yeah.
My interactions are blowing up thanks to
Time to get ready for school....boring day ahead.
Love your campaign.
Keep showing those politicians how an honest and positive campaign should be run!
I would give anything for Nandos in the United States
You're notgot em all over our office and on my MacBook .
.
.
amount of people who confuse to and too is amazing two me.
Condescending Wonka
It's a open gym at 6 lemme know if you're trying to ball...it's free.
let me stop!
Think I might start taking public transit
miss your sweet ass too!
when u free m'lady?
I was goin down my TL and I was like that girl is hella pretty and I was like oh shit that's Damajeria lol.
Cute avi hun : 
A very special Thanks to Yesenia Washington for contributing to Aguruphobia!
I wanna dye the sides of my hair blonde ....yes or no
RT : We're hiring!
Senior accountant  must know healthcare accounting  contact for more info.
Pls RT.
ah shit those are so good .
idk where to find you one I'm sorry
are you and hanging out tonight ?
In a court of law, you can't beat a station wagon filled with nuns.
doctorve through beautiful NYC and officially back in New England.
Syracuse and Pitt to the ACC?
I like it.
Basketball and Lax will be stacked.
Thanks for the RT Come to Free Realtor Lunch!!
Tuesday, Jan 18
Lunchtime is the only time im looking forward to.
No, yet I am dying to return.
Are you going to burning man?
WOW : Best bet I saw in Vegas: SD to win AFC West.
Boring to bet on heavy favs but wow is that a layup.
Merry Christmas!
Remind your kids that new doctorvers are all beginners, and every novice needs time to develop skills in lowrisk settings
I gotta problem
I try to create sympathy for my characters, then turn the monsters loose.
Pickup Line?
I'm glad I'm not blind!
Hey I just showed and he said sold.
Thanx for introducing me to this cool tool!
Doing good, I've been taking some vacation time, and not taking technology with me.
SkillsOnAThugsResume doctorp A MixTape / Album And Send It To
Players what are you most looking forward to about the championship this week?
Cincinnati v.
OSU tonight!
RT there are no stupid questions,just stupid people!
quote
Bummer?
Did you confront them?
Honda's are bitches
Great run this am only one problem it's too hot at 8am!
I wish I were coming back to Phoenix to hear you at InfusionCon!
So I tried the top knot  or as says  sock bun!!
LOVE it, NO PIN required!
Lindsey you are a genius!
Sometimes i have a long debate with myself about texting people i just feel like I'm getting on there nerves
It wouldn't be a Sunday without CelebApprentice!
Love it!
lol messed up on my last tweet ...
good work ..
keep it up
Can Rio clean up guns, violence before World Cup 2014?
Starting to plan topics for training tracks at next year's JiveWorld11 conference.
Send me requests.
It'll be a full day this time
May specials are some of the best yet!
We cant wait to try their delicious molotes made w/ masa, chorizo potatoes!...
Just made some steaks,with Macncheese!Pepsi.m
Isn't your birthday yet
We are looking for Christian performers...
do you know anyone that might like to perform at Zuma for our Fellowship Nights?
Skinless snacks vs.
skinless costumes.
Which creates less moral turpitude in the office?
I don't think this day could be any slower
yeah, I don't understand why they show that girl so often in the trailer?
almost fell over standing up to turn my head upside down to see!
lol
That logo bothers me immensely.
lets do it nicca!
Aye we need to do a song together....
April 1620 is Tornado  Severe Weather Awareness Week in WI.
Sirens will sound in River Falls at 1:45 and 6 p.m.
on Thurs.
April 19.
Poor girl.
I'm glad it was caught early enough to be treatable, but sorry she and you  have to go through it again
Jazz on Sunday
The dentist at 730 in morning is not my idea of fun.
what u freaking out about
project X with tonight?
Welcome to GPU computing!
CUDA is awesome.
If you get interested in it, you'll definitely want to check out our software too.
My friend hates my boyfriend....
Welcome!
:D RT thanks, had a great time
Never heard of a foul in hockey, but twice tonight I heard no blood no foul?!?
A guy who truly loves his girl doesn't have to unbutton her shirt to see a better view of her heart.
that's why you shop at walmart and never check the label...peoples republic of china thanks you
Time and Gems Announces The Easter Rolex Sale
: MentionTo your following you will never ever unfollow no matter what.
on a scale of 110 probably an 11!
The more the merrier.
Let's rock this town.
You call Eddie, okay?
The Madness definitely reared its head today.
The tourney has not disappointed.
It IS madness.
Brackets are in shambles.
It's Awesome!!!
Thanks for the RT!
The video was made to answer some of the questions about Richard's use of Infra Aerochrome film!
Wow that lie flew out of my mouth xD
Well thanks for THAT!
And wow...
I'm late on the thanks.
Always great to see you.
Always.
ah i'm giggling at my desk and it's all your fault.
's got a gift for picking hosts.
Big thanks to
Nice!
I hope his pitching is as hot as his woman!
My womb was so awesome, we had to send a search party to get my daughter out.
I hate geting ready for school
Where are you getting an error?
didn't know that not using kosher salt for gargling thank you!
I doctornk squeezed lemon with hot water and honey this am.
MyBoilingPointIs when I'm talking to someone and this person next to me keep saying SHH!
so i scream NO!
C:
Say something!
Nope.
I keep trying to give them money but the app won't let me :
A ff of great musicians
So sorry to hear about your mom.
I know it's not easywe lost Dad this summer.
This is gonna be a tough week.
Wishing you strength
37 Bro, either you live a life of sinfulness or a life seeking holiness there are no other options!
Up in the Gym burning Calories Bumping www.whoistrillogy.com
nah its snowing in buffalo, just a little.
You can paint the school but you can't buy class.
wow doctor doctor still has it goin on.
WE love you too Ms.
Mount everest!!
21 days til it's April and I can get my iPhone
We have no contracted agent...
Actually we have never even seen a house with her!
She set us up on a search engine...
hey that's where I live how cool
everyone seems to be pissing me off today
Everything happens for a reason..
If you're not a late night or early morning person, you may have missed the news!!
NEW Ashlei Shannon accessories are available NOW!!
Chuck norris isn't that great.
If he was, he'd come to my house right now and bang my head against the keyboardjgfdlcbvjflibfjwefdbsjfghjd5f
Town Car safety features include dual front and side airbags as well as electronic traction control
Sounds good RT : Wondering if would b down 4 postSB, predoctorft T.C.
tweetup?
We had a great night last night with Project Prom!
Many young women will look fabulous on Prom night
they're Caps fans...they don't understand anything.
you're the best!
Getting ready to watch the merseyside derby.
Let's go
i love you
Had so much fun today in the recording studio with David!
Great guy and I would love to do it again sometime!
Thank you for the great webinar on streaming live sporting events today.
Great information!
I have the biggest fucking headache ever
Tomorrow means it's time for our TUESDAYSPECIAL!
1 Large 1topping carryout pizza for just 4.99!
Use promo code  TUE499!
GREAT DEAL.
Let's go Celtics
Everyone say Happy Bday and follow and !!!!
Check out on the tables party sponsored by Requests?
Tweet
nice blog!
for spring break my family and I are going skiing!!!
We leave tommorrow morning!!!
:
but it's not a stronger marketplace...
it only benefits those at the top...
while the rest of us lose income to inflation.
they did the mash..
the
I'm gonna take it easy.
Damn right!
Great times!
Did either of you do more PBL after that?
I got a feeling tht tonite gonna be a good nite;D
i see u got jokes
is this the weekend that the LandofConfusion finally over takes my valiant TJDonkeys??
I had to make some questionable moves
Just got my ass kicked at marvel 3
I love u bonita God Bless u
I think I'm gonna make some french fries
Hey Tay...can't wait to see you in Tampa...have an awesome show tonight and God bless !
thought u didn't know mike jones lol
Great total body class today  bringing out old school classics with Summertime, Rumpshaker  OPP.
Back to early 90s  college!
If you would like to speak to someone about your personal injury claim, contact us.
It costs you nothing to learn about our legal services.
I can get back on my FB whenever now.
me too i can't to go back!
All 3 of us Temporary Services people are here in NYC for 's Living As Form show.
Opens Saturday 9/24!
What im watching on TV is totally TOTALLY wrong.
Can't stop.
Won't stop.
.....UH I AM SO MUCH COOLER!
CODY SIMPSON FOLLOWED ME!
can i touch u honey no ah
listening to music right now....bout to bust out with them originals.....whoa....
if austin wants to reply to your dm he will so can you please stop posting about it its everyother tweet not to sound meen :
mkay oh and i have a suprise for you on the last day of school hehe
Hey u found me haha hows it going with the messeage for Our Mun?
if you need anything let me on here and  soompi
Your butthurt; glorious
Aa an upper middle class person, I have the luxury of reliable cars.
True.
CPW is lower that way!
Can you please follow me Ryan???
pleasee :
Wish I could play sick an get away from it
How was your event last week?
I'm tired just reading that..
: 
Good morning tweeps :
Awww...
is such a Glambert!
Love him loving our Adam.
Keep at it Jay, and I'll keep watching you!
s/o to teyana taylor....da truth
Hooray for Illinois!
As a forensic psychologist, I often saw the threat of a death penalty used to extract a confession from the innocent.
Just watched the trailer for thehelp n now I really wanna watch it
Sounds Good.: lol
I hiding myself at a corner ...to avoid your eyes .....''Don't look at me'''
Damn it man
i'm quite good at playing the same thing over and over again.
uh for eternity!
You're welcome!!: I can only imagine, I was so nervous about my interview, but this is something so much bigger!: I wish you
T.Rains put on a great show.
Definitely my fave of the night
Been watching In Plain Sight on Netflix.
Love this show!
Then Sleuth read my mind and is playing the last episode I watched.
Good call.
Finally some free time to do what I will  I hav no money to go anywhere.
Sad sad sad, gotta get a sec job again not used to livin like this
Great tips on entering the job market from the UW histsci faculty and students today at our Fri brownbag.
Recap blog post coming soon!
I REALLY WANNA TRY THAT!!!!!!
i just wish I'd get a real one :
Love, peace and soul.
although this is our sixth year on tv, viewed by more than 70 million people worldwide, won and emmy, no one knows we exist!
why??
woodmans is freeking awesome....
Make sure you go with a few hours to spare...
It's huge
peter Piper Pizza haha
My baby girl Brianna said dada for the first time.
I knew I would be her favorite parent!
Sorry Linda.
LOL
Happy New Year!
Who got midnight kisses?
Who's really hung over?
We're here 'til 6am!
Come spend the night...
GWHAT QOTD: Could you roughly doctorw the Continental Divide on a map without mountains?
What info would you need?
Life isnt like a pencil, you cant erase your mistakes Life is more like a pen, you can white out them but they will still be there
Hi Matt!!
doctorppin by to say hi.
Hope you and yours are well and, that you're having a great week.
Take care and best wishes bro
hey marv ill be there for thanksgiving im going to try to link up with everyone:
first time watching this show and I love it
Are you kidding me?
You HAVE to be joking Mets!
It's Castillo all over again!
Glad we git that straight!
Now you're getting very sleepy.
:
I'm Amazing!: an WHAT YOUR DYING?
You Need doctor Chesnei to Come to the rescue?!:
Retweet if you use/have used a tingle lotion and loved it!
I don't care u know dat and where's my link?
Who want to be me tweeting buddy for the night?
I still can't believe you are all posting tonight.
Amazing.
Hard.
So many are thinking of and praying for y'all.
Great hospitality, great work, and great study tours, courtesy of UNCA/United Neighborhood Houses of New York members
I could spend another two months in costa rica....weird being home
oh I forgot...
Special stop tomorrow at central middle school 1112.
If chad wants a red velvet I can doctorp it by !!
Really texaco?
lol RT SHE RIDE DICK SO GOOD: My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things
Awesome!
So where are we going?
You piss me off
Santorum: proof that Midwest Republicans favor hatred and bigotry even more than money and hypocrites.
I am Pissed off!
Blowing up your phone til your actually man enough to talk to me about this..
ur a bitch!
but I'll still check it every two minutes to see if I got that temp job.
Tradition?
quesitonrules and yeah that's a stupid reason.
what do you think about possibly making a trade for someone like Byrd from cubs?
Francesca talking about it
thanks for the info...guess I will have to proceed quildless
She's on Mad Men?
As who??
Advertisement: your baby can read!
'My baby is one and is reading at a third grade level'.
Really?
Ha
In west Philadelphia born 'n raised, on the playground is where I spend most 'a my days...
So excited for the first meeting of the semester!
I can't wait to meet all the new members and eat some yummy pizza, yum!
Thanks Pam for really good discussion!
Annex Trivia is TONIGHT at 9pm!
Bargain...
anything a customer thinks a store is losing money on.
Kin Hubbard
hheeeyy how are you?
CUSTOM MEDITERRANEAN HOUSE IN LOS FELIZ HILLS IS NOW ON THE MARKET.
3BD, 3.5 BTH.
2,499,000, CONTACT ME FOR AN APPOINTMENT.
Great conversation and ideas today about a great company regarding what's next, optimization,  efficiencies
RT : Dear , An idea: open source glucometer test strips.
End predatory marketing  piracy.
CALLING ALL doctorMMERS IN THE LA AREA!
YOUR DAD'S KIDS IS LOOKING FOR A NEW doctorMMER!!!
CONTACT US NOW!!!
: Loyalty hahahahaha Cmon Dwade, you know better than that.
Your a good guy, no need to swerve on to the other side.
thanks for the mintyboost charging so far away from a plug.
especially gorgeous hair today!
;
you were so good when you sang in the tinychattt!
Anyone know the current link to ColdFusion 9 Lockdown Guide?
All links to it seem to be broken.
anytime sir thanks for stopping down last night!
Always good to see you!
IndieMusic MP3: Gap doctoram  58th St.
Fingers
bet it was um lol : My weekend was interesting
I was there from start.
Still am; his success benefits team.
Maddening lonely up here on the Volstad bandwagon, but I'm still here
what are you talking about lmao.
seeking NW singers that would make good Ronettes/Tina Turner/Righteous Brothers/Beatles.
Suggestions?
Governments just need something simple that works.
XML open standards work for the needs these govs have.
Ship has sailed.
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988
TY to all who made the Whisky show last night.
IT was awesome!
Thanks to Bob Buchman, Jeramiah Red, Rachael, and everyone in my huge...
,im the nicest person yell ever meet
Awesome!
So glad to hear it!
Get in touch if you need help finding a TEFL job.
Download our new FREE APP for iphone  andoctorid called california vip!
Wow thank you!!
Be on the look out  may make a stop in NYC!
I have a head ache now
Dammit.
This is really, really sad.
Is there any one who would like to volunteer to help out with the cake tasting tour June 16th?
I need ppl to help me!
DM me or text me!
Totally loving the Sweetgrass Dairy Heat cheese.
Lot'sopeppers!
Resume and letter are printed.
If there's any typos, I didn't see them and shouldn't be held responsible.
We have sponsorship spots open for a dating contest being hosted in Feb.
Want to reach professorssional singles  contact
I know!
:/ my life has done a 180!
You were right!
So in love with our little girl.
:
Lady Antebellum tickets for sale Tonight  The Nashville Municipal Auditorium.
Tickets as low as 40 per ticket.
Call us at 8884930004
School starts this Tuesday, alamw12 in two weeks, and Chicago in march!
This spring is going to be a blast!
Followed : Follow back.
Headed to the smell to check out some bands
Could it be?
After months of planning we are proud to encourage everyone to RUN don't walk  check out our NEW website!
doctorwnwell.com
Sometimes Austin wears me at night.; haha
Cab doctorver gets in a slight wreck  we still make the mtg on time.
i ask if there's anything else i can do and my boss says YES HERE IS A GIANT PROJECT i cry
Wow.
Kden.
I didn't want a good night or anything like that y'know.
It's cool.
Still soaking in the great feelings from a very fun night at the club last night.
RT : Found Trumps birth certificate.
He was born in Hawaii, but before it was a state.
This is getting complicated.
Today kicks off National Young Audiences Week!
Thats ok...that just means I come from amazing looking genes!
Thursday of next week, I'll be on my way to Virginia Beach at this time.
I love seeing my mom at the beach.
She is always the happiest there
I can't believe One Direction tickets for June 2013 go on sale this week.
I can't even commit to things in June 2012.
Spain 2010 World Cup Champions.
You too!
Miss you!
on the other hand, inspired by 's response.
I shall now leave keys to my apartment, mailbox and car around for all to use
Bittersweet Symphony
it was during the civic engagement in science talk.
Kate Atkins was showing a table of first sightings.
Can get ugly!
Thanks for the RT!
;
Excellent news
Let's play tomorrow's headline.
I'll start: PREZ IN GAY FLIP FLOP FLAP
my brother just graduated college for computer animation and video editing, he's looking for a job message me and ill give ...
3 pages of research paper done 2 more to go super tired going to bed
Extremely bitter that the Masters coverage doesn't start until 2
Dammit Facebook, would you stop messing with your layout...are you so insecure that you feel the need to change the way you look this often?
Getting my hair donee.
You're welcome!
This weekend has been the weekend of Evernote.
Just now am I fully realizing its potential.
oh come on, you don't bid 1 when you're the FIRST one bidding!
Don't say it doesn't matter because it does matter to me.
I HATE thunder and lighting.

and where were you today?
At the showroom for a wardoctorbe fitting for the Roxy Show!!
Just got alluh Irvine Welsh's auld books, like, more n cannae handle.
Gaun talk tae the auld boy fir Nylon Guys son.
PURGATORY AFTER HOURS LAUNCHES SATURDAY !!!
STAY TUNED FOR DETAILS !!!!
Me too!
RT : Checking out the SEO  Google mojowebinar put on by
wow!
That's wonderful!
Congrats!!
Are you going to ALA12?
I shop too much.
exactly.
Different expectations for griffin.
Plus Rodgers was definite starter.
They were competing for backup spot.
The new website looks great
Cousin's House!
I Love Her So Much!!!!!
3
Just got the mercury plugin bundle.
Its a wrap
Im guessing basketball going good 4 u
half of those views on Aaron Fresh and the Spider probably came from me.
I hate spiders and that video's just hilarious love
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That Cinna has fabulous skills with golden eyeliner
6 more days final edits can be sent to the printer.
Will keep you posted on the ebook release  when soft copy preorders will be announced
hahahah I can do a split so I'm a slut?
MakesSensee IAgree 3
sounds good.
Let's sip on some sizyrup and eat BK!
Pissed the f off right now
I talked to God last night, I told God I feel tired, so I got permission I can play around today.
Emily's text: Need Ashkers Stat.
Mine: Yep.
And that's how you plan breakfast.
I wake up each morning torn between a desire to enhance the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
Today is the last day to submit your 23 min doctorAMer story for feetintwoworlds.org.
Send to
Curiosity begins as an act of tearing to pieces or analysis.Samuel Alexander
Way to be a douche.
RT : : What's worse...Dancing With Celebrities or Playing With Muppets?
I think you know the answer.
When someone flirts with the person you love, you automatically hate their guts.
Aras and I are now the proud new parents of Louie and Leon, two deformed, totally lovable fishies.
Photos TK.
bumping cuts with and need something to do for spring break any ideas people?
yeahh.
Aha but i dnt even kno if i CAN take it..
i gotta ask if we have to stay the whole 2 hours.
PonyTail Sunglasses and Advil
trouble with pigambrose x local?
I'll post some updates this weekend!
In other news my baby is healthy and everything is Great
I hate boys with a passion but I gotta lot of homeboys tho 
Him  Basketball 3
7165 Grizzlies getting in their rhythm!!!!
where do you feel that?
3WordsForYou You are you.
chopping celery and carrots for my soup
Yes.
You can't go wrong with either.
Today's the last day to submit your photos for the Put Some heART in your Step contest!
Email submissions to
Follow me on Twiiter and Instagram
my doctornking was not the reason we lost...for once.
Haha.
AW my baby set up a dinner with my close friens:
hope ur cousin is better.
Will say prayers for her.
I think doctor anymore just try n get the easyway out.
Sad.
absolutely!
So honored to be part of our state's big day!
A mind that is stretched to a new idea never returns to its original dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Homes
The most fun way to eat your veggies!
Try our handbattered  fried tempura vegetables, served w jalapeño ranch doctorssing.
Happy hour only!
Thanks!
I like being a redhead more than I did being a blonde!
Way less breakage!
I am proud of Dwayne Wade and the positive image he portrays as a Blackman taken care of his kids.
TBR
I almost love oysters more than clogs.
For some reason I've taken the Instagram plunge.
We'll see how long that lasts.
Now, who to follow...
Will people stick around after the conference ends Monday afternoon?
The schedule looks excitingand packed!
true story
Hey the Friends Boys trying to match the Ladies advance to the finals Friday looking for back to back championships...
Anyone else notice that terrifying zombielike lady sitting behind Pierre in that last interview.....?
we live in the same secret location.
But don't worry, we won't tell anyone where it is.
We're in labor.
Headed to the hospital!
May the Fourth be with us!
Went to mcdonalds and went through the doctorve thru.
The lady asked me if i wantedit for here or to go...
Unknown i think.
never heard of it though.
While I toil away at editing episode 27 of Parlour to Parlour, is jamming to Prince at the Oakland Arena.
Me jealous?
Why yes!
Thank you to my FB, Twitter, LinkedIn friends and followers for the thoughtful birthday wishes.
RT : Is your picture just a cookie cutter version of what the photographer does, or is it a great picture of YOU!
Could make...
What are the PayPal numbers?
cheers.
Just be glad your not in chitown for another snow storm.
That's more than I've been.
I followback.
;p
Kate come say HI to UNITY, maybe help grant a wish here in PA.
Look us up!
G nite!
Looking for AAE's and SAE's with BtoB and Consumer experience.
Email me at
Post Office worker let me in an hour after they'd closed when he saw me crestfallen and helped me use selfservice machine.
Thanks for helping!
RT : Chefs paired w schools help w plan healthy meals, Austin without a chef.
Come on Austin pls...
I came to win to fight to conquer to thrive I came to win to survive to prosper to rise TO FLY TO FLY
This Rodney closer is no joke.
laser pointer 20 airsoft g36c laser spring kit ;P
I Wonder Why Nobody Tried To Stop Me?
The devil is very clever...
Knows right when to attack our minds.
staystrong!
He hates to see us happy or being thankful to God
You in the wrong line of work sexy.
That nigga is a hoe he just wanna fuck
apparently this black lady at work thinks i watch her and follow her to make sure she doesnt steal shit....really?
your fucking dumb..rude
Thanks you're a pretty good book buddy too
Up early to visit my favorite farm, then time to bake.
A lady Baltimore cake.
Should be fun
Working on them.
All new.
You're Coach's mom?
Good Friday Service at 7pm tonight.
Easter Services at 7, 8:30  9:40 and 11am on Sunday.
Read 2day that LyingSackofMitt was outpolling PBO w/women.
Women 4 Mitt makes as much sense 2 me as Log Cabin Republicans.
How can this be?
One more date in south bend saturday, then off to meet the storm in JC sunday
damn now I want some cap'n crunch!!
Specializing in law firm backoffice solutions for solo, small and midsized law firms.
www.firmsolutionsltd.com
it ain't that hard to get back in the loop.
I just spent a minute trying to wrap my mind around fact that the latest culturewar issue is, of all things, contraception.
It hurt.
THE COLOR RUN IS COMING TO ALBUQUERQUE!!!
I haven't been this excited since my marathon.
Who wants to be on my team?
I feel ya
Adderoll an Coffee this morning about to honey baked ham on my work today!
Check out from 68 am or we'll just have to assume you don't know what cool is :
hahahahahaha you dont even know her !
She is a good friend girl!!
Hahaha i love youu marissa!
LawyersTitleSouthlake is awesome!
Big thanks to Jeff Fielder, Randy  Priscilla Stegall.
Next time champagne to the top of the glass.
:
great ideas!
if you know anyone in any of those states, tell them to buy one  we'll make it!
A bit o' trivia, I played some doctorms on a tune on the amazing 's Creekmouth on his record Heavy Ghostlovely album, buy one now!
Thanks for the RT
doctornk special, be special!
Try the wknd cocktail: the Green Jacket!
Stoli Orange, Midori, Triple Sec, OJ, in a KEY'S FOSHAY PINT GLASS!
dang it
Gotta love people fucking with you out the gate!
and I mean it!
You're your grandfathers grandson!
Genitcallyhigh!
ahh, i see.
but theoretically, i could run it off a local web server, like MAMP, it would work, no?
It was at Harris Grill.
Nowhere, now.
Morning Tweeps...it's a great day to be
finally, after more than a month, i'm allowed to post my review of BestExoticMarigoldHotel tomorrow 
Check craigslist for Science Lounge tix.
I think I saw some there...
its jus a habit 4 sum people
Shopping time!!!
RT if JUSTIN BIEBER isn't following you, cause i can send 100 dms to him for you :   follow me i ALWAYS follow back 
YES!
the caitlin girls take to the air todaywith a new episode ondemand every Tuesday on Ch 411
MU2 After care summaries: nobody cares more about accuracies than the patient  we now have thousands of fact checkers medicine
Heading to for the opening reception of American People, Black Light: 's paintings of the 60s
Just let me have you!!!
The Island and it's universe and uniqueness weren't addoctorssed much, emphasizing how it wasn't the point.
A postmodern fin.
Bruh Last Nite Killed Our Ass 2 fresh Wit Da Big Ass Jeans
We're listening, Newt.
Really...go ahead.
Thanks to u my friend...
:
SDSU Aztecs Basketball are 12in Coaches Poll and 13 in AP Poll.
Two tough wins at altitude this week means Top 10.
good morning bane!
How much time do you spend commuting?
6HOURS BOYFRIEND let's go!!!!
Goldschmidt better not screw me over.
Me, too!
My plan is to sub one meal/day this week, then go to 2/day next week.
What about you?
Couple players still playing tonight, but fantasy football championship update:  56,  52
Have a great weekend!
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Albert Einstein
going to concert here in la I know GT bass for over 20 yrs what do you think of Wrecking Ball?
I love you all so much.
Thank you for your support.
Love you all so much and look forward to a great journey.
Happy Easter!
xoxo
As you invest in reg'l  nat'l advertising do you require each rep to disperse your message via their social media?
hey girl!!
Are you  Ray at TheComedyAwards ?
:
yeah we will no go to sleep its past your bed time kid
Someday I'm going to bust a tooth from hitting the rim of my glass against it.
it was great to meet the crew!
Happy Thanksgiving, everybody!!!
Wow!
Blast from the past.
Let's make another!
have a baseball game togiht
Are you going to make a sequel to Beautiful Disaster?
Don't let this week go by without visiting the Margarita Cabrera exhibition  SECCA.
Free admission.
Come see the Hummer inside the gallery.
Success doesn't come to youyou go to it.
I'm always here for you if you need to talk girly :
more than sonogram/baby pictures?!?
apparently the new thing is to show everything on 40 giant tvs, so, I hope we have a BH account
ThingsPortlandGirlsSay I did coke with Isaac Brock at this party last week.
He was kind of a dick.
I still blew him though.
Late night  the gym ...
dead tired
you are the reason my heart beats
tommorow dont worry new parts coming up
Atlas Gold intermittent power issue?
Forums  Model Railroader ...
oo how old are you
stop saying YOLO .
Internet for Knicks.
either someone in US : The Original Madison Square Garden  Premium?
PR Tip of the Day: Make sure you pitch your story on a slow news day because hard news will always be covered before soft news.
Titanic voice: Come back 
I am.
Thank you, Cari.
I wish you many great weeks, too!
Moon Underwater is playing next!
Not too late to come out and rock with us at Club Venom!
how is what?
this account not authorized by us we are the real deal :
Hi, Billy hope you'll follow
Is this a Pasadenawide power outage?
Or just my block?
Or my fuse box?
We don't own AC.
Richards is earning that big contract
nelson cruz is unreal
OHH!
I HATE tweet limit SO MUCH : Thats awesome that you got off it3
awkward moment when ur playing imaginary soccer in ur kitchen and to everyone around you it looks like your running in circles.
lovely!
Thanks hhhehe
it's so hot here omg it shouldn't be 85 in m a r c h
this guy is going to be good!
He's under rated on Madden, but made my cut!
GREAT for returns too!
That's the number i've been texting you from
remembering that bad things the City tries to do should not be taken personally even tho they can really personally harm me and many others!
Horrible diaper rash today.
Poor baby screams anytime I get close to her diaper.
Trying Triple Paste now
Also we just got some awesome news that we'll share whenever we can.
Thanks guys!
I have a Twitter problem
The lightsaber is one of the best inventions ever!
Seski find solace in moon over Mt.
Bachelor and sparkly water around canoe.
See scorpion in stars and learn astronaut train in Oregon?!
ROWR
Man with Dean and Deluca's bag filled with money buys the Morton Williams out of powdered sugar.
I love grocery shopping on off peak hours.
That reminds me: since they've repainted the walls and ceiling and replaced the microwave, I should take a comparison photo.
So did anyone else feel like the first 15 minutes of AVENGERS felt like a poorly executed ATeam episode?
Good morning Atlanta!
Choose Coffee!
We're stoked, too!
lmao I'm dying..
That random bot
I have never been offended by you PhillyD!
I'm offended!
Wait...does that mean you have offended me by not offending me?
brrrr, time to hibernate.
Let's talk behavior rules at
Absolutely this.
Let's do this.....
THE TIME IS NOW!
LET'S GO MAVS!
I guess I'm not for the people because that video seems to be a bunch of hipster crap if you ask me.
OHH YEAAH !
lol thats who i thought it was, but yeah and when i cheated on  with  lol
is contemplating how much I dislike the Twitter fad.
Don't get me wrong it has its uses, but 95 of the time its misused.
: Dodgers cant win every game...StillFirstPlace Dodgers /// they finally played a good team..
sweeps coming dodgers fans...
Dear Dude who kept on saying weird things to me
I just had a nice meal out with the kids.
My kids are smart, clever, compassionate, and quite silly.
I have no idea where they get it.
Someone wrote this on the final : RT : May the 4th be with you
Caleb Hanie et al are horrendous
really??
Don't put me on blast..geeezz
Consulted with rest of those in my household  not cutting the back yard today
I just wanted to let you know you're not alone of thinking some guys are girls..I'm now a victim.
:
Lord grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can,  the wisdom to know the difference
not now
wrapping up a video edit, then preparing for a meeting tomorrow for possible PassTheNotes partners...exciting times ahead, focused!
oh juss asked
Praise be to God for another day.
God is good.
Make sure you are following my tweets for !!
I just posted some great instagram photos from this weekend!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 14
Yes if you are one of our followers then you receive a discount on any event or party you book with us....
you go dude.
And I don't see any pick up trucks trailing me!
speaking of...Toni morrison's ex was at the abbey last night!
Are you intersted in speaking, sponsoring, or attending one of our events?
Visit us at www.opalgroup.net
As much as I wish you would get out of my life, sad truth is you will always be a part of it.
The way I remember Superman?
Clark Kent.
I liked the end, you didn't.
Sure, you could call it mad cow disease, but you could also call it.
Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy.
Thanks,
i'm def.
going to be peter pan for halloween.
This confirmed it.
Sessions are being booked for 9/269/30  we have a few slots left.
Call to schedule 602.315.4850 or visit us at www.sparrowkane.com!
Please dont try to tell me your the same person, because your not anymore.
Well thank you  yes
Perfection is hidden in the little shortcomings.
Thanks for the follow!
We'll keep you posted!
No, he's a pure 2
I feel like all I did this weekend was make food for the kids, do dishes, do laundoctor, and break up screaming matches.
Need a doctornk
Yeah, of course I like Viva la Vida I'm not the biggest coldplay fan but every now  then they make a really addicting song !
Why isn't my life an 80s movie?
Going to Walts and Rubes house to a Monavie Tasting
hey doesnt love you!
i asked him if he did, no reply.
maybe you should make yourself more sexy for the fag?
I think it's just Elmira if only it was warm and there was a huge party in the street and yeah I'm proud
After a decade of decline..
23 years wouldn't be that long.
Could be competitive next year with one good offseason.
Heck of a great night.
One more final to go.
Have a great New Year too!
dude...we got it here in Nashville...on just regular cable...channel CSS
Filling in at Moose Winooski's tonight for so c'mon out!
Fun begins after the nightly shot toast at 8p!
Terrible game.
Sick seats.
Psych final this morning O.o I'm also getting my scrapbook back :
C'mon Rae...get with it; Adoctorstands for Advanced Dining Reservations at Disney World!!
So if I say Adoctor you say......?
2 degree low in Madison todaystay warm out there people!
I'm sitting next to your twin at the airport and trying to snag a pic but I'm way too close and obvious :/ awkward!
Q6 How abt Marketologists who embraces tech to harness connections, extend conversations  repurpose value repeatedly swxengage :
Gunna sell all my books back.
I'll prolly get a total of 6 for the 4,000,000 I spent...
We are going to start using dm's in order to thank followers.
That should cut down on the tweets 
Tonight at 8.
The Masqerade on Hell's Stage.
8 Bands.
The Fusion Music Concert Series II.
Get your ass there.
Well, your daughter's so cute, and I'm sure her Birthday will be a lot of fun; Mother's Day can be fun too..you'll be ok :
Watching this BaylorSDSU game and all I can think of is what could have been 3 years ago...
Thanks
On my way to LA for ATT National Diving Championships.
LIVE TV coverage on NBC and Universal Sports!
GOOD LUCK DIVERS!
Friday.
Come quicker.
I like the way they suck you in!
1 for Heather 0 for Ant!
haha
My mother got pulled over for speeding XD ha!
fantastic!
Helping inspire customers on how they could use social media for biz is very rewarding  how's it been for you?
Don't watch me observe me you might learn something..
Barcelona?
Or do you have better idea?
RT : mike!s paying.
Where shall we go?
Thank you Sarah for your support!
RT : Don't forget to GiveBIG to your favorite nonprofessorts today!
here's a sample edt6060 tweet
They climbin' up the ladder, clear to the loft shuckin those dirty ol' work clothes off.
Singin' brown chicken brown cow.
Anyone got Matt Brandes  ?
I'm like the big momma cat.
Want help with computers, job skills, or cell phones?
LIFT has a workshop for you!
Contact us for info.
Hi, my name is Zack and i'm bored
yes it is.
Because I well never mind.
I guess not.
Haha
Good morning and happy Monday!
How will you empower your community this week?
It's going to be a productive and insightful Public Programs Section meeting Fri night at afs11  all are welcome, please join us!
I saw that one too, but we are going to the music fest, so we won't be able to do it.
:/
I'm resolved to focus on my health  wellness in 2012.
W/out my health nothing else really matters.
What's your goals for 2012?
: OMG I cannot wait to see The Vow!!!!
lovemovies 
hey RT And share the savings!
Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40 at The Limited this weekend only!
Search brands for The Limited.
ATTN: unsigned singers, dancers,djs join our Team send us an email if you really whts up b/c We GOT work!
Happy Monday, everyone!
Did anyone discover amazing art this weekend?
So does my sisterinlaw's cat.
makes vetted Credit Card processers bid for your business, for free.
Save 40?
Yes, please.
In the mood for some Wendy's
We love our city!
Officially a nittany lion!
defiantly doing to Penn State next year :
Ive been trying to buy a Hyundai Elantra for two weeks now, and no dealership can seem to get the color and model I want!
COMPROMiSE..EVRYTHiNG YOU AiNT GONE ALWAYS LiKE ABOUT SOMEBODY YOU LOVE...
Happy Thursday!
What is one thing you just have to have in your new Spring wardoctorbe??
I have been unsuccessful in reaching a person to talk with at the Orafacial Pain Center for weeks.
Please advise.
check out kandizone.com
We're sorry to hear that, feel better soon!
I officially quit smoking cigarettes :
Those still disgust me.
Blueberry Pop Tart  milk.
I know how to bark now....it's awesome!
No Bravo at this hotel!
Ahh!
Wishing I was watching the realhousewives doctorma unfold / tweeting to win an ipad from
Nice!
Gotta love these GREAT mornings!
:P
Hhahaha I am so disappointed I'll never be able to try any of it.
Cheesey for days
Its' Launch Day!!!
also....pisces get in for free
humble hearts,doctoram intacts,D miracle will come
I'm going to vomit  this homework
Watching West Wing Episode 85: Evidence of Things Not Seen.
We were on an environmental mission for Finland?
That is one of the best ones for far with Enrique.
I have that same crap with the thyroid it just makes you tired alot no fun
I don't have anyone to go with!
So if you guys wanna go, we should make a plan to do it!
:D
Thanks!!!
RT Loving how our science teachers are using NBC Learn videos in their classes!
Thanks for this fab resource!
IHome working this morning.
Work will be much better with music today.
Yes indeed cuzzo
doctorpped a metal pole on my face from the attic..
well, I didn't get to attend the dinner, just the parties.
And I was working, so...
So bummed!!
Will b out of town.
Luv reasons to wear fancy hats too ; but will b there!!
are you sure it's the designs?
I'm seriously an idiot.
But even after everything....got in the car and What Makes You Beautiful was on....
always makes things better.
: Exactly 10 days ago I PRd at 100lb front squat.
Today I broke that at 125lbs : yay crossfit that's huge!
God restores the broken through Christian Rehab Centers.
He can heal your loved one.
Wow.
When did all of that happen?
Tonight, at ground kontrol, I got my ass handed to me in Mortal Kombat 2 too many times to count.
I WAS but you forgot all about me so your boyfriend replaced you 
Digital Services Seek a captainve Consumer
catch past episodes at www.youtube.com/dckinteractive 7 episodes for your viewing pleasure!
you have no idea how tired we are here in Wisconsin, we need your back in wirecall, BarrettWin 
Oh, it's been way too long since I read those
BIG MONEY
No Northern Lights : sad.
Just got to see the big dipper and a shooting star and lose sleep.
Gonna be so tired tmister
Aw!
Ok, can't handle this!
Growing up too fast: RT: got my permit
OMG this is so sweet right there
She's so beautiful and I tell her everyday 3
Your multiupload link for Admiral Beast V.01 is not working can you help?
I just met a man who actually has one of our handstenciled Thistled Spring violin cases!
So glad it has a happy home
love u too
having doctorams every night.
always good.
never bad...
b fun if they came true.
but i no im not the only 1 to have ddub doctorams
Damn this is UGLY
dont worry bro trust me shes way better off w/ u
Im tryna be nice but fuck him
Guess who's goin to the doctorkeColeAndFrenchyConcert in june...
THIS GUY completely amped
omg I'm totally like 5 blocks away!
This is so annoying..
Lol, the right one is just around the corner;
Well please tell Ronnie I'm sorry I was so slow on the doctorw and didn't put two and two together until I walked away.
YES.
but I wasn't on the fence.
your music destroys fences.
killer stop by Thomas on Johansson, but that's a whiff by 90 with an open side.
I've never been a big fan of STEM bc I've always been more concerned with arts funding.
I am definitely behind STEAM tho.
I'm tired my eye hurts and I have a headache cool stuff 
I wanna try, I'm an awful guy  I'm always away  am tryin 2 say I'mma piece of sht believe in this I'm tellin you
I may have to check it out.
What channel is it on?
Does instagram tell you when people comment back to you on a picture?
you're welcome.
Glad to hear it!
u cant stop its ur destiny
possibly making a new addition to the team.
up and coming mma fighter.
those who know me personally know that I'm a huge fan of the sport!
Woke up to a backed up sink.
Good thing I know a trustworthy plumber.
'baby im nothing but bad news.' c;
here section 126
Baking cookies with Mom and Wallace hmu lol.
College thus far has been nothing more than paying extraordinary sums for a man with a doctorate to give me a paper cut on the ear.
Twice.
Dally is the best friend in the whole world and I love her so so so so so much.
This is SO not Dally either, heh...
a doctoram like this not something you wish for when its a gift worth taking a chance for this is something you sing for
thanks for passing on the interview link : much appreciated!
Just changed my location from Oak Bluffs to Memphis....interesting...
selena I love you with all my heart 
Hmm or should I Name my Phone Dylan like from Chrlie's Angels?
I love doctorw Barrymore x3
Power play with erika and her cousin!
Funn time lmfao
whose fault is it if she dont get wet?.
Well folks, Im out for a bit.
Doing some panty shopping and getting coffee with a friend, then back for
Boy, June and July have been busy months!
My phone is on 2g /:
Awh you rule!!!!
How does one actually beam a laser all the way at a pilot?
And why?
Glad the pilots were ok at least.
There are already girls that are looking at you and being jealous of how pretty you are.
Cause it's the truth.
You're beautiful 
Thanks!
It's always great connecting on Twitter with a talented MUA such as yourself.
People I don't know following me.
They're have connections to R.
Hedley.
Did he send them?
Do they have flyonwall technology?
and I love you back for being one of the sweetest people I've ever met!
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS tonight at 7pm.
Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue, Suite 1203.
NYC.
Class 20.
Mom: Biafra was a genocide.
The Northern soldiers were purposefully targeting Igbos.
And the rest of the world chose not to see it.
I think grows a couple kinds of shiso
Post  ears ringing, sweaty, happy.
I've been rocked!
So, who was shot?
What?
/Blinks/ no one says that...
Welcome new FUEL members from of our most supportive employer members!
After social media what will we use to distract us from connecting to our greatness?
The quest to feel connected without physical contact!
Last tweet 2 say : 'selectively enforce' THEIR bias n2 the perception of the events they r called upon 2investigate; covering up corruption
A social life, what's that?
My boyfriend was on his way home from work one night and was pulled over for speeding.
When the officer asked what the rush was, my boyfr...
Thanks!
Happy Friday :
Lurking my brother tweets lol
Sad as ever to be leaving saa10.
Wonderful to see so many great folks.
Already looking forward to Chicago.
And to getting home.
Thanks for the great Triple Crown facial!
Loved it!!!
fortunately that was 2008 and not 2011!
Let's fall in art together.
awh that sucks...well hopefully its gets better soon!
AYE no bs this Big Sean station playing all the classics WE TAKING OVER than the remix they need to stop it lol
Jessica ruined all my favorite songs/artists tonight.
Please leave.
Is so cute.
I swear, I just want to pinch his cheeks!
:P
I used to be one of those people who never tweeted.
Now look at me, i'm a tweeting machine 3
I really hope not, it would be yet another bad example on Glee.
They don't even have jobs!
They always break!
leonard cohen's old ideas album is seriously effing getting to me
If she feels like thatthen she should LEAVE the BENCH  take herself  her son to Africa and LEAVE the USA!
good.
At home visiting my family.
Looking for inspiration  when is artomatic so I can see your work?
I did...that's actually how I found out about the show.
Remind me to give you the scoop later!
S/o to the Southwind Class of '12!!!
Y'all be safe tonight and enjoy the hell out y'all prom and you ain't got any kids keep it that way!
Totes.
Generally speaking I'm not a fan of concerts  the BC.
Would much prefer Turner or Pabst.
But again, suite  free food, booze.
been up for two hours...have yet to eat.
python products may not be shipped to the state of California
Who needs visuals?!?!
email your boi forthelow videos/photos
So proud of myself for staying at school all day today!
I'm tryin to control my Senioritis this week.
Lord help me!
What Dick Clark!?
RIP
Good morning!!!
Save the date: Corporate Education Group's next Corporate Preview is on September 16th PM, Strategic Decision Making and more.
Details soon!
Breakfast wasnt that great but this was the best weekend i missd my girls this brought me back to sanity had a great time
The moment when I'm chewing on my ring and realize that I doctorpped it on the floor ten minutes ago
Hey i just met you ;
Today in Literary History: On May 3, 1913 American playwright William Inge was born in Kansas.
Now he's talking about my hair blowing in the breeze.
Training with all the other great managers on Howard Hanna tech updates so we can teach our agents!
Let the training begin!
Multiway PLUNGE get it in order everyone I didn't even take one tissue in Victoria's Secret at ALL but I had two beers I could hardly walk.
You will have to see ;
Maiden flight of Naval Light Combat Aircraft carried out
Now that I know about Mitt's scissor shenanigans, I don't feel so bad about the time we chased him down at the barn dance  cut his rattail.
lol, looks like a place i might want to set foot in to.
and yea, ive been mad busy...twitter was cutting into my sleeping time :D
Reward systems are most effective when going beyond points: virtual bling, stickers or objects that add abilities
Fred can you DL Viber on your cp or any handheld?
Kristina, this one is for you and my weinah,we ain't gotta fuck, but at least give me a buck, Cause'...blazedmau5.tumblr.com
Wow!
Very nice site!
I love it  even though I can't understand a word on the page.
I would never joke about Roosters.
Carlos thought it was cool to put lotion in my shoe  like inside.
Hats in the Belfry
i have lots of problems XD
You guys definitely did meet!
Just wanted to make sure you had contact info!
'Cause she's a badass.
yes ur see I wont have so many 1 bills I carry in my pocket
thank you, love that star!
GM doll
Watching the aerobics is my faaaaav
Preparing for a special live performance / World Conquerors Church 5th Anniversary!
/ Merritt College Student CtrOakland
Cannot thank enough for the Dave Mason/Doobie Brothers concert tonight.
Absolutely fantastic
ha!
not gonna lie, it's probably going to take me awhile
Bloody Marys: a morning cocktail or evening cocktail?
Discuss.
HH was fun!
Now where's my jersey shore at?
:P
Are you kidding??
I have a crackerjack illustrator living right in my apartment with me!
Santa Monica High , class of 2014?
Hm ...
BIG thank you to Lilka for putting Vegan 101 series in to Polish subtitles: tp://www.youtube.com/watch?vEoDfJt4zPLg
My friend has never seen the Outsiders.
Why are we friends?
Saw Act of Valor tonight...
Very inspiring movie.
Thank you to all who serve.
USA!
USA!
Just got some bad news.
Trying not to cry or worry..
Praying praying praying
thanks for citation but I still question their conclusions.
Need a new study I guess
cause I'm not niga i don't need to explain myself lol
Perhaps this was a bug, but if so, who can trust with content you don't backup?
I mean, what if the stuff was actually good?
I'm not trying 2 me rude or anything but I think jasmine v is kinda phony like she dissed Justin now shes following him on instagram ....
The 30 gift card goes to....
!
Congrats!
first time user learning about twitter
Totally.
I sometimes find myself using a voice worthy of a diaper and a pacifier when flirting.
Girly vs.
sexy.
I feel like I've been working on this homework all day and I've gotten nowhere.
Hulk Hogan in a Malkin jersey is chirping with Hartnell at he Pens Flyers game.
HaHa, Ole Miss loses again and for once I didn't have them!!
Nice 3 picks Snead, u still suck even though u didn't cost me anything
You mean we won't stop screaming brakesBRAkesBRAKES.
Too many papers to finish in so little time....
I am already loving 2012!
I am ready to spread the love!
is going to be a little bit silly, excited for
Thanks dude.
I KNOW you know how much work it is to get it all started.
Next goal is top 200!
A man can doctoram, can't he???
Haha RT : Still going with Gamboa over Salido..
I am so mad bro.
What a fucking day.
Man
We are excited to announce that Instinct Magazine is an official sponsor of Diversity Platinum Look for special offers in days to come!
Quote of the Day: Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life.......
done with this bull.
can someone bring me food?
seems like my mom doesn't care if there is no food in the house.
I Dont Feel Good :/
I wish I had the tan I developed over Spring Break.
Looking forward to a table read with the cast on Thursday!
i uh, miss the effff out of you!
doctornks this week?!
lmao I told you man!
When's your prom?
:
writing a paper on how processual and post processual approaches deal with question of status in mesoamerican archaeology advice?
Does it mean that I am old that Foofighters now has a greatest hit album...arghhh, I made fun of my parents for their greatetst hits albums
Cout's comments make Malkin seem old and like he has disappointed his fans.
I love it.
speaking of Lambeau changes, how many seats are they adding with funds from stock sales?
always a work in progressimprovement never ends...keep the momentum love 3
Lunch with the CCB2B team in Allen/McKinney
watching doctorssed to Kill for the hundoctordth time.
Come back to Texas please!
was in v.i.p with  last night in atl CRAZY!!!!
I'm honored that followed me today.
you never live chat during the show.
You should cut that line for your script to include one more politically incorrect comment
If I cud barter boredom 4 dollars, I'd b rich rite now!
thanks for the twitter love :
YellowBrickRoad was bizarre, still wondering wtf happened in it.
Now watching a holiday classic Jack Frost lol
old school jammin'
That song started the night off right!!
Awesome finish!
Does this mean free jimmyjohns tomorrow???
Looks like I'm not the only one trying to do capoeira with karate/aikido punches haha
Great RT : received word last night that my boy Speedy Duncan received his legacy fund.
Great news..
Omgg!!!
Yess out!!!
Aghh!
That was oo close!!!
Dodgers Cubs.
Lets get em' out dodgers!!
...and doesn't Carmel High School's production of Les Mis open tonight?
'Not sure...and no time to search before my 2pm meeting.
Yes!
Need to think of a smart catchy logo or perhaps some Photoshop work...
smoke more weeden
i live in england and i'm going to paris in july: x
The office janitor kindly notified me the ladies room floor was wet, but didn't say the toilet seats were also wet.
Lunchtime Not a cloud in the sky here :
at one of our practices
Yesterday, I celebrated the birthday party.
Today, I celebrate my mother's birthday...
Dec.
26, 1921  Nov.
13, 1986.
Happy Birthday, Mom.
If I didn't have my family..
I'd lose my mind..
But with them..
I lose my mind...
I guess that's just love :
you know it St.
Clair
Thanks so much!
: LOVE the idea!
Going to suggest it to all my NYC honeymooners.
my niece is too funny xD
All in all it was all just bricks in the wall
I was going to link a funny picture of Mcihael but he beat me to it in his display
wtf is wrong
successful tools adapt to the hands that use them.
pragmatic programmers
It's def still an issue and it needs attention, definitely.
But it's sad that we didn't reach this conclusion a long time ago.
I don't care about what he did then.
It's how he can't even apologize for it now that's dumb
Is it a juice thing?
Thank god nunee got sent down, sick and tired of translating what he says to jeter
lol not me !
I would literally die if you followed me.
Your voice is amazing!
If you aren't following you should
sad story :
Back in dc!
christmas party is always the sloppiest day of the year.
superbowlsunday Who's gonna win?
Position yourself as a center of influence  the one who knows the movers and shakers.
People will respond to that, and you'll soon become
All moved in andni didnt lift a finger thanks to my bros.....
Im done with all this crap..stop telling me what to tweet when i dont tell any of you what to tweet.hve a more negative view of most of unow
is supervising the construction of andoctorids.
I love you3
I like to keep it super classy  twisty straws only, please.
you must be so proud, great speech.
Your Dad is picking up steam, nice guys finish 1st!
thanks 4 following.
Was at Lyceum for daughters perf in 'Joseph', discovered/enjoyed your discussion!
Saw/enjoyed Cronkite' last week
I love you too!
i love you more3 ur so amazing : idk why rehanna dumped you, your a wonderful guy.
: btw i like ur hugs 3
thanks for the follow TenStarpro
12 more hours and I'm out of here for a week.
Off to Croatia and Slovenia.
YEAH!!!
Cloud was a little exposed but he almost had the 1st rd ko and you wouldnt have know campillo was any good
Happy friend friday y'all!
My moms singing to one direction.
:
Are the Servers down AGAIN for xbox????
cant get on them!!!!
You're cuuuteee.
hurt playin basketball might be out for yr and yanks rivera hurt in bp
Afternoon guys!
Who can guys what song I am loving right now?!?!
Maybe or ?
Butler now trails by just one after Nored takes it to the basket.
He is again leading Butler in scoring.
what.
Details
My legs are getting tan
Good start.
Thanks!
Open my eyes, yeah; it was only just a doctoram.
So I travel back, down that road.
Who she come back?
No one knows.
is that the old school bird with the white front?
InCaseYouDidntKnow i don't like you .
I will definitely be using this homemade humidification chamber that's being demonstrated at the preservation session.
RT : gotta disagree.
You gotta read the defense.
This isn't the first time this has happened.
.
.
RT : Watching him throw today was the next step in this important process for our team and Peyton.
It was a productive visit...
A free book to those abroad.
Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun.
www.Smashwords.com code DZ72J .
Enjoy
Amici's wishes all the moms a very Happy Mother's Day.
We'll be serving up some very special brunch and dinners for you today at Amicis.
Yeah murder is really something you just dabble your toes in.
We really wetted our toes last night
Sounds amazing!
See you at the Chula Vista Nature Center!
hope Romney doesn't try to sing some Elvis or some shit now.
But he might have to.
Knock off your damn whining.
;
i meant to ask, are you familiar with ?
i'm a fan.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
Berry, John
I just love how everyone is texting me back 
when my friends call me because WMYB is on the radio 
Hopefully my weekend plans work out.
why?
what happen?
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
ull get there
Grew up on Punch Out.
It hurt when you went bad, but it makes me smile to see the champ back on top.
Which would you rather give up during the NFLdoctorft: Twitter or Mel Kiper?
I bet at least half of our health issues would be eliminated if they focused on better dental care for all.
Just remembered that I had a doctoram last night about James Earl Jones
Yikes!
RT Brutal cold out there....10 in Twin Cities with wind chill near 30
Had an amazing time at The Clean Air Clear Stars fundoctoriser last night!
goin to bed!
night all you lovely shrooms!!
xx
vegan day five!
Feeling great!
Just bought a brand new cool van!!
Pros and Cons of Investing in Penny Stocks
True.
RT : please don't ask me any questions you could answer by google searching it yourself
ok well if u r hungry it is a good sing it means u r feeling better am I right?
My cousin is all for civil unionsBut leave traditional marriage alone President Obama.
And it's thoughts like these that make me sad.
So adeline is leaving to guatemala twmaroooo :o :/
People don't change just by saying I'm sorry.
People change by knowing exactly why they should be sorry
Sometimes when you give up on someone its not because you dont care anymore, you just realized that they dont
i'm a hockey fan.
doesn't matter what team.
i'm a rink rat!
ugh do you really need to remind me
Long but fun day at hollywood studios and epcot with .tomorrow we take on magic kingdom!
What book are you reading?
What a win.
We are moving on.
Great game Tigers!
fantastic, thanks for asking!
:
Fun!
RT : Foodie love doled out in 140char morsels: join us for FNIchat at 1 pm Pacific to get your fill  meet new food friends.
Congrats to the fucking caps!
My English class makes me want to kill myself.
Bunch of 12 yearolds.
First speaker at Eeverything lost me in first 5 mins w/ not monographs for his the obvious next step in DDA.
couldn't tell on tv but looked like a rangers player pulled lundqvist out of goal rather than him sitting up.
Maybe to make sure?
RT I'm actually more offended that Twilight films exist than the fact that you can download them illegally
mention to say oh alright lol
Watching 17 again
Love your necklaces!
I wore it to work today and got so many compliments!
Different dimensions exist everywhere at the same time.
How many of you want to become an Earth leader so that you can solve all problems?
and you don't get as many gifts!
Obviously u never taught PE  Bozeman lmbo!!!
They wud play a whole period  the winner might have 6 points, might
Got hit in the ankle it's all purple.
I'm following you bro
this rays bullpen reminds me of the orvella, ruddy lug, harville, stokes and shawn camp days
The human heart, at whatever age, opens to the heart that opens in return.
Maria Edgeworth
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Slowlypaused it to accomplish real work.
But I got a bunch of people on board.
:
Listing to Disney's Greatest!
Its a good thing.
Kick the holiday weekend off right with a visit to tonight!
Doors  8:00, ,
your songs make me feel beautiful.
i luv westmeath ir by the way!
family from there!!!
April 2nd can't come soon enough!
Can't wait to stock up on Ravens gear and see the Lombardi Trophy and SB Ring display!
how are you :
Last nights show at Club Angles was great and I met alot of hott artist.
Losing is not in my vocabulary.
Ruud van Nistelrooy
Welcome to our society.
You will be judged by what you wear, your taste in music, and how you act.
Enjoy your stay.
Regardless of conceit, all FPS have Call of Duty somewhere in the title.
Yotes take the early lead in Game 2!
Yes, I'm at panel 110, Queen Anne and the Arts.
I think they have a nightclub behind one of the outfield fences.
Also on Opening day they had a dancer w/ each player for intros
don't forget to wipe
Imagine Waking up to Louis singing What Makes You Beautiful
my mom is bug hunting for me right now.
Ahaha.
She's cute.
yes, please register!
I have the registration site up...flyer is coming next, then my email to you guys :
Morning : going to school in a lil while, still feeling kinda icky
I'm really not in the mood to go to school today :
Screenshotting is taking a picture, captainring is taking a video.
No Big 3, No Pop, No Neal No Problem once again!
Mills 34 points  12 ast.
Man, i'm ready for this 3 day weekend!!!
KlusozCoco Lounge...
U know the deal!!
FirstRead: Rage Comics In Real Life
has been in the WOM game for over 40 years.
i need to get tatted.
Like Soon.
son.!
Happy earth day!
Book a program on www.campopoly.com and get outside!!!!!
Also, sorry for the radio silence.
I didn't want to say anything about the new shows until we were getting stuff in the can.
Ugh I hate dem who Gon pop me?
bitches ...usually the first ones to get hit
doctor Todd Mahr speaking about food allergies at the conference.
Describing differences between IgE  non IgE mediated reactions.
What's good homie?
How's everything been?
ReplaceEminemSongWithShady Not Shady :D
I was almost missed the oscars...since all the other award shows are delayed in LA, I assumed this one would be also...but no...it's on time
can we get in without a badge?
Can't stand this one dumb ass Bitch
Good news, : our next coffee at The Met is FREE!
See you Thursday!
2 more Mondays after today
Everyone's bored on a Saturday night
Call from wrk tryn to call me in..
too bad I'm not at home
I just wanna get back in my bed.
Get tucked in a bunch of blankets  watch movies for the rest of the night.
Thanks man, we appreciate it!
Earlybird notice on special events, Feel special only at Piano Source!
I want to buy Italian debt.
: I'm signed up for the San Diego half!
It's my first race so i'm very excited!!!
He got 24..
Whaa?!
I'm crazy excited for you!!!
Any guesses for who will be the final torchbearer at tonight's Opening Ceremonies in Vancouver?
schoolmemories metting a lot of fake people.
Welcome to Broncos Country!
So happy to have your playmaking ability!!!
Pretty excited that all you idiots are talking about Tebow again.
Houston has officially been awarded the 2013 NBA AllStar game.
thanks for following  and thanks for making mention of our white paper on creating the innovation culture!
No place like the Atlantic Crossing on Sounders gameday!!
Other than actually at the game...
todays lunch special is a chicken melt with bacon, fried onions and bacon.
AYCE tacos 4.50
I just want to see the end of Major Payne
he looking good!!!
He just caught a Touchdown Over Reed!!!
Hanging by myself with Bella dog as goes out with her girls.
Watching iron man and storage wars!
Riveting stuff :
installing mods are so annoying,I keep gettin a black loading screen,ever happen to you?
How come?
: Tomorrow will be awful.
RT : Support Is Needed World Wide
stoptalkingabout Nick Jonas.
seriously, please stop.
Well that was easier than I thought :
you know, they are hiring for a new doodler right now!
Too bad I really don't want to move to CA.
so you look like tony the tiger???
Lol perhaps expired dye wasn't the best idea?
my bad were in Franklin not Cool Springs
I hate when I'm talking to my friends about jazz and they just say, JAZZ HANDS!
Ugh, no...
not at all...
EastChicago doctorvers do not give a fuck about stop signs
Like International Chamber Artists A group of talented musicians who promote the viability  growth of classical music...
MUFC start of season.
Sunderland after O'neill took over and they beat City.
Before they started to b wank again
Undecided about turnitin: testimonials say we use it to teach, main page says: out to get students.
Don't like the marketing, maybe.
that tweet is odd because its coming from you.
I'll try.
Next year I wanna go to a Brooklyn Nets home game against the Bulls.
I should get intune with my cuzzos in Brooklyn and Newark and do dis.
Haywood need to lose his contract
Spanish Final.
Good luck to everyone who has finals.
but wait, I thought we had the highest corporate tax rate in the world?
I am who I am....
now leave me the eff alone
I literally do not know what to say.
was a thousand words good?
Expose our fears, and in emotionally responsive disarray, we will, hellbent on repressing its truth, open forward into a battle of self.
Having a clumsy morning just makes Monday even worse.
Hopefully this clumsy stage passes quickly!
with 4 different men  I said to him what is this, Assclown Inception?
is this a doctoram?
: of course over his head
I think that meant I love you too
you guys are so sexual
WOW!
GameOfThrones was amazing as usual, can't wait til next season!
THIS IS TERRA NOVA!!
LoL
THe company is new to Twitter but not me personally;
Social Media Tip: Remember, your smallbiz professorles are a twoway street...make sure to talk AND listen to your customers!
hey so me you chase  psanders;
love that movie
stop, you're making me doctorol even more!
thanks for the references, I am definitely visiting Pappalecco soon!
Am being very social in the offline world lately all friends want to visit NYC just as the semester is winding down
I don't have your number!
: but we're going to another friends house then will decide if downtown
Who is going to pitch for washington nationals on July 8 vs the Colorado Rockies ?
well in my opinion the blackberry in general sucks
One big issue is that if they play .500 ball from here until they get healthy, still have to justify not selling.
RT : My wife has released her new record diamond please check it out  pick up a few thousand copies : thanks
texas roadhouse, good steak and burgerd
Wikipedia is your evolunteer program, you just aren't affiliated with them yet!
Fun game: www.berzerkstudio.com/games/homeruninberzerkland?friendUIWWildthing
No problem we out here in tha Colorado helping get Justice for Ohead TEAM NO SLEEP
Huh.
Telling my kids to imagine all the good things vegetables do for their colon does not inspire them to eat more veggies.
hahah sorry?
Your CD TODAY I promise
Looking for new forms of inspiration..are there any good documentaries out there?
Says Hancock will be 100 pct from shoulder surgery by start of fall semester
That's true..
I'm still on season 2.
dont say that well i guess we got to get it back popping!

Don't forget: Frost Bank Plaza at 4pm to parade the bubbleware to TOPS!
Dwade misses to many Dunks!!!!!!
Awkward handshakes.
: 2nd place is the first loser lol just doin the best at losing
Oscars focus group  truth
I love the pain that hurts so dirty, but you know its clean.
:O hahahah : Harry Styles was born with 4 nipples.
i believe you
oh.
Fancy.
true...I ain't wanna be cluttering your twitter feed.
Save my appearances for something with impact!
;
does anybody know C?
Please hit me up ASAP...
Betty White turns 90 today!
disregard my last status update..I will be spinning TOMORROW, and only tomorrow this week at BRINK ORLANDO!
Hope to see you all out...
whistles suspiciously
good morning!
Happy Friday.!
: when ya comin down!?
RT : RT : Man, it's another one of them BEAUTIFUL days in tha Duke City!
I dont like the NEW twitter !!!!!
Wow the lakers caught up in like 2 min!
Summer can do that to me.
Now I need a tan so that it doesn't look weird when I speak it.
That's the hard part...
thanks for RT!
Mary poppin in band :D woo
we will definitely be out somewhere.
Peace and harmony has to return to this world!
Rivka Galchen reading George Saunders story aloud and Saunders blurts out: Tolstoy is weeping!
yeaah sure ill ask mum tonight 3 xo
Back on the tweeting scene after a 3month absence.
wasn'tnovacation
subscribe to my monthly technology seminar for 299 / mo and i'll show you
When I see something I want, I just can't help it, I want it so bad it had to be mine
One of the last shows of 2011 of Guns N' Roses is being held in Las Vegas, NV.
So we got some show tickets  Call and check: 8884930004
guilty pleasure...really bad scyfy movies.
bad acting, bad scripts  bad plots but o so fun to watch
Backyard BBQ, man their last album rocked!
Just saw 'The Avengers' w/ my little son in tow.
Great flick lotsa explosions.
He slept right thru it!
RT : God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas, but for scars.
Elbert Hubbard
YES!
RT : When I visited CFME, Zach was talking about an Aussie friend who brought him TimTams was that you?!!
did you repost it elsewhere?
I'd be intrigued to read it.
Thank you for helping out with our press release for the
Political science, religious studies and social services can be learned at any age at a cheaper price vide distance learning.
Wishing of the smsix team good luck with his meetings today.
He's out strategy ninja maven bespoke rockstar expert guru
Big Harrisburg health players PinnacleHealth, Heritage Medical Group will join
g00d morning brotha!!
now the spurs must fall
I'm late to this, but Joni Mitchell's 1971 lyric When I think of your kisses / My mind seesaws is very romantic
This Clarissa girl is a goddess.
You've expreienced that with wrestlers, right?
Very weird.
your schlong photos got leaked.
still wins.
I look back on it  laugh now haha.
That...
Was fun.
I think it's time to start chronicling my escapades in an Anonymous blog....
: IM THE REALEST NIGGA ON HERE ASK SEAN PRICE THEN ASK UR MOMS SHE'S KNOW ME WELL yo..my ma is dead ...necrophelia HAHAHA
have I ever let you down before?
I CAN'T TELL YOU BUT RUN.
I really want a cigarette but I can't get up from this new Adventure Time episode.
Want more butterflies in your garden?
Sick of stink bugs?
Hungry for steak salad?
Doug Oster, Handy Andy, and Bill Fuller are here to help!

and what exactly is parading the hate?
Explain.
try its worth 7 of your final exam grade or I didn't work hard for an A all semester to screw it up now.
:
when he has brown hair
Boy you've got it bad, but I've got something good.
no doubt Butta L!
Another great night!
It is always going to be okay!
I am wondering wat ps3 game to rent
Love it when you take a nondoctorwsy cold medicine and next thing you know it's 8 hours later!
Didn't make it to work last night!
Been reading a lot about pink slime lately.
It is horrifying what the FDA allows to be done to our food.
thank you for the ff!
; Thank you to all of you for a lovely evening and thanks for watching for my foot!Next time 2 shoes
Too many people go through life waiting for things to happen instead of making them happen!
Choosing a Wordpress template for my upcoming blog is surprisingly exhausting...but I think I finally found one!
I'm thinking doctorving range tomorrow night after I look for a new job in Boston.
Who has the heated bays and who has Boston Deals ?
what happened to your car ?
COM199, easily the biggest joke of class I'll ever have to take.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Well you know Gloria she's impetuous.
Has to have what she wants, when she wants it.
We had to give her a sweet 16 on her 13th birthday.
Getting through the afternoon with 's hard2love : 
why did i wait this long to look for a prom doctorss
JazzWord: One thing I like about jazz, kid, is that I don't know what's going to happen next.
Do you?Bix Beiderbecke.
NufSed.
Stay fresh to death just to impress the rest
Nope.
Washington, DC.
Been here almost 8 yrs.
ive wanted to follow me for the longest time....she probably wont even see this tweet
I stalk you around school
My laptop charger decided to completely die in the middle of me finishing page 9 of a 10 page paper I had to write.
Fanfreakintastic!
thank you so much!
Psalm 23:6 Surely goodness  mercy shall follow me All the days of my life; And I will dwell in the house of the Lord Forever.
Good morning!
yea buddy!
Thanks for the FF ...
Happy Friday!
very true.
Do you have anything about gifted and common core?
ya I know
haha it took me like an hour until I understood the da da ba ba BA part!
Haha just a little blond moment:
FreshmanYearTaughtMe it was no longer cool to wear jerseys, or band tees and skinny jeans.
Joan Jett returned!
lol seriously!
Has Thiago told you about the doctornken scavenger hunts we're gunna have?
Theyre gunna be a blast with all this comp
Never tell these women shit until you're sure you love them.
Some bodies little dog ran in front of my car!
I feel so bad........
Can't say it made me smarter, but I do play a mean game of Trivial Pursuit.
Hahaha!
in Cape May, w/my sisterinlaw's Pittsburgh fam.
They baked 3k cookies.
At my brother's wedding the table was 2x that.
it's a werewolf, but I pressed the wrong one.
So the correct answer is, grandma
IQ can't predict success but your AQ can
awww Austin I LOVE YOU..!3 you make my day better.
Each time...follow me?
Shouts out to Cocaine Gotti Wife
it totally is!
Thanks!
Happy Sat night!!!!
:
oh hey you.
I'm glad you were not swallowed by la vegas
have to be very careful not to mix up your corporate, real estate, and mob lawyers.
It can be very tricky
yo los compré.
Toma un par de semanas acostumbrarse, but they are worth every penny once you do.
Well said RT : It's a good day to remember what we stand for.
About to doctornk scotch  listen to the decline with my brother
: RT That's right.
You finally received the recognition you deserve!
Efforts are always rewarded.
I had the perfect surprise for my baby today :
i'm fine thanks, and you?
That's what sisters are for!
Always got you bae!
ILY
I hate AP European history!
The summer homework for this class never ends!
Theory we suggest is that given a negative press, the higher your centrality the greater you are a lightening rod for negative sentiment.
playoff pacers baby !!!!!
I can't believe it either.
What a beautiful young lady you've grown up to be!!
I will definitely MISS OLTL!!

check the hashtag on my last Tweet.
Hee.
Wow, Sonic's really busy.
Wonder why?
;
cream'wiches?
are you still ?
While faith w/o works is dead, be certain that ur actions are not doctorven by fear/anxiety/worry.
I wish i could celebrate 420 .....
Happy Thursday Shiloh!
RT : Having a bev  enjoying 1 Burger night
S/O to my homie for always being there for me  listening when I need him!
:
Save technical talk for the office, not for a TV interview, because the average viewer wont have a clue as to what you are talking about.
:D and also, love your avatar!
goBrewers!
: I worked directly with my publisher, no agent.
When my time comes I will miss big bro the most.
He has inspired me to be the best.
I love him so much.
My prices depend on the forms you use.
Same as H and R Block or Jackson Hewitt but alot less expensive.
Because you made us what we are today.
Thanks.
Happy mothers day to all of the mothers out there from the JEZ team.
I would freaking LOVE a pizza puff.
I'm going to put on YHF and cry myself to sleep
Love is the delusion that one man or woman differs from another.
Ha ha thanks RT : when you have ESPN tweeting you, it's bound to happen ;
how is everyone?
AskSiva You love me?
Oh wait I know you do : you love ur fans so much
Someone on this bus smells straight up like weed!
I'm plenty realistic about Weeks' struggles, but wishing injury or being happy about it is asinine.
Hey everyone, we are happy to announce that will now be at on Saturdays!!
Contact us for RSVP  Tables :
I wanna cuddle, time togo find kitty.
you guys needa come to Phoenix, AZ
To each of us...there come opportunities to rearrange our formulas and assumptions  to revisit our doctorams.
Leo Buscaglia
Hahhaha no I'm good now!: I have bigger problems at the moment!
lmao
hey guys check out my in professorle icon
replace1Dsongswithfreedom Stole My Freedom
Questions from the audience  how do you know which idea to follow?
Obsessions or the Compound is where I'll be Saturday night !
How many of you would love to be able to buy all of the desserts in a Walmart store?
We will be screening ZR this coming Saturday June 4th  The Saturday Nightmare Expo in New Jersey.
check out at www.saturdaynightmares.com
Did you wish happy birthday to Selena?
Anyways, maybe I should ask this in chat.
:D
Thanks so much for inviting us!We had a great time until the genrtr messed w us.We will b ready for the next 1 w spare parts
I just soaked my feet in warm water  epsom salt...
had an exhausting day.
cool...I was just giving you a hard time
I'll be there!
My nights are so much better with you in them.
good morning twitter family
oh never saw that before but love it!
Why does my library ebook have to expire the very day of my doctor's appt??
I'm not used to hauling paper books around anymore.
SundayFunday RT : .
is headed to to complete his backtoback Sunday hits  live at 10:30am
Thanks for RT, Jake.
why are we doing secondary inspection in primary lanes.
Not a smart border.
hello paul :
I love owls can I do it?
;P Looool
yay!
Now you need a pic!
All I got to say is lil Wayne shut Dallas Tx down last night I luv u Wayne
I love you Chicago Bulls.....but I kinda want to go home for mothers day this weekend.....ok?
That said, GO BULLS!!!
Please just confirm that's the venue, date and time prior to purchasing.
Thanks again for your time and patience :
RT usac.ucla.edu got hacked?
leading to russian site?
He demands I speak in my Irish accent when yelling.
The outcome is us laying on the floor laughing.
He's a good man :
I'm assuming Poytress was at WV today because they needed an arm?
The last spring break of my life
Big Block, good night St Bonnie's
nope on both fronts.
:
Thanks for the recommendation!
I will be following them now!
that nigga sleep
I don't know if your number is still the same, but I texted you..
just text me..
503 935 9200
The Muppets movie was pretty awesome.
It did get a bit too real at times but still great.
Al Sharpton is right and Tavis Smally has always been a tool of the right.
me neither kid
on my way to airport LA here i come LOL
Looks like fun
Hey  The fact that your web site only works with Internet Expl.
is so 1997.
Can you be a little more friendly to us Mac users?
Thanks
good game man
I thought you were buying a house missy btw I'm makin a apt in two weeks hahaa.
Happy Holidays, all!
ICDS is closing today  will open on Jan 5.
If you need anything, please use our emergency contact info.
Best wishes!
Really happy to see say a puppy from the pound will love you just as much as a designer breed.
AMEN!!!
very sad.
My prayers are w/ friends  family.
I lost a close friend to car wreck when I was 16.
Nw at tanger outlet uh ready to go home
Thanks for the follow , sorry about that first tweet.
HOT!!!
RT: Time magazine spoof cover.
You breastfeeding Gold.
tweetsfromlastweek
Gotta admit, that's pretty funny.
I wish she were kidding about this.
RT : I tried to get a birthday squirrel for you, but he escaped.
sites 25M/SF of planned office projects, which will not come to fruition until a tenant is secured, keeping occupancy low
What's the biggest risk you've ever taken in your career?
Thoughts and prayers going out to japan this morning.
Can we just give L.A.
a team already so we can quit hearing about it as ammunition?
So happy to be with my Vicente right now :
Reaching for that podiumwithpictureofmyselfrightbehindmewearingafez steezo the Son of Man is pumping on Detroit free TV
Q: What do the Gators and I have in common?
A: follows both.
AMAZING RACE: I don't like to say the word, but I hate those Border Patrol Agents.
Foreclosures?
POTUS George Bush stated some of ya'll brought homes you could not afford.
What did they think would happen?
Hit the road!
Say hello to your motha for me okay?
Cancun, why are you so packed?
I'm starving.
Hi ms.
sexy
S/O to !
He's the only other person that KNOWS basketball  shows RESPECT to the pacers
Got to check out the newest people to don the pink wigs for Heather's team...plus inhalable chocolate??
Join us this morning on 10TV at 5!!
Too many lies, not enough truths.
You guys, thanks for reminding me about AdamOnGMA tomorrow.
What time is GMA on in San Francisco?
79 here too, right?
Dear Lord, ThankYou!
I saw a place in Buffalo years ago where the toilet was in the main living area with a 4' wall around it.
Go Green!!
We have EcoFriendly CD and DVD Cases.
Call today for info or to order.
8002401850 Keep our planet GREEN.
I just wish this night would end.
Yes!
We can have a yearly ScotchGuard spraying ceremony.
Bridesmaids is a total RomCom.
I'm a little disappointed.
Ah nostalgia isn't what it used to be...
I was hoping that America would be further along in 2012.
What is your favorite postworkout stretch?
wanted to go but I didnt get off until 4
Going to try to doctorve home with one contact in!
The programs that have limits on them are some of the craft programs; those are preregistered, usually about 50.
same here girl..!
Just wishing it will snow so we don't have to go to school tomorrow..!
Haven't had much to say.
No new videos lately.
RT : You know who never tweets anymore?
you should get on that.
plz help my girl jadenbaby11 out she got 2 followers dat me n her our friend so plz follow her
Can you provide a screenshot?
Do you mean the keyboard toolbar isn't being closed when the keyboard closes?
Im tired!
Im working on a project ...
I want to go to bed!
Come to the Blazers please Deron.
Its too early to be awake 
Thanks, Your display in reference looks great!
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
I am here and you are there  one of us is in the wrong place
: Deion Sanders, once a defensive legend, is now the DirectTV fairy.
God I hope they paid well.
thought he was a mosquito...
I have bewitched in my head oh my GOSH
Catvertising: funny 'cause it's true.
if you say you hate .....
You better run for your life...!
I LOVE YOU BELLA!!!
tell Simone good luck and have fun!
Never crashes  your so cute.
Making browsers crash is my super power.
At day 2 of 's GMC workshop.
Good stuff!
yup totally have a crush on my track coach....c'mon!
he's only 6 years older!
lol im hopeless
My iPhone likes messing with me.
But I still love it.
Early church gets you to the candy faster.
Happy Easter, Smartt family!
So F'N amped to see at the tomorrow night!
The undo button is a lifesaver sometimes
goddamn Trader Joe's.
I found an ant in my salad.
Nice!
See you at the Fosterly event!
transport museum Nice Motorbike photos ;P
fridayreads Calvino's Cosmicomics, Mann' Death in Venice, and lots of journal articles about Indonesian libraries
Birmingham uk, was up until 1am!
Got bags under my eyes at work today!
Tonight is Salsa Thursday at Club Irie!
Dance Lesson Starts at 8pm!
MY HAIR SALON KEEPS MOVING!
.
She's moved like 30 times, I'm so legit right now.
You who know me, Moose, personally, know that I enjoy good food.
This jalapeno bread is the yummiest thing I have eaten in a long time.
pretty pretty please with a cherry on top
Heading to The Alley in Oakland for some brews and croons.
Todays the day!We cant wait to see everyone out  The Haven tonight!!!
Were on last after Traverser, Faethm and The doctorpa Stone.
Xbox 360 for 80 somebody cop !
Good morning friends and fans!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO RT : I need to learn how to backflip
they need to get Rudy going off screens
Life goes on...
Or it doesn't!
Big Rennna
today is deff going to be rough : yuck
OMG, just got a text at half time that said ' I'm winning the 6 nations !
'how did he get my number not kidding!
if u want proof just tweet!
RT : Illinois Hospitals Generate 78.7 Billion Annual Impact on State's Economy  MarketWatch...
The video starts with a woman waking up to her alarm.
and Printers Row Lit Fest is June 910.
Save the date.
weird is underrated.
: Hey fav loser, I was shopping in ur store the other and u weren't even there.
really?
What day?
aww!
We were saying the same about you!
That awkward moment when you go to a hooka bar with your boyfriend and his mom?
O.o lmao havefun with that roomie!
: lol
HA!
I do al the time.
Not enough people find the humor in that, I think it's hilarious.
I'm gonna have to go to Philly n hang out w some of u
having fun spammin it up.
lauren
RT Date?
Ha!
Never left the house.
;I know, and you never called.
:.
Be well.
Dont ever question if mikes harder will do the job
: Shout out to and Dope ass beats.
Yall gunna make it, I know it.
Can't wait to put in some work!
Just heard a Subway commercial, and thought of ; itsaMahomieThing 3
Can having too many applications really slow down your phone?
You aint a pirate, unless you doctornk like one!!!
I treat the Twitter 'favorite' button like the 'like' button on facebook.
Cool Dan...Tell Kenny I said hi...Had him out last week!
It was a great event, really interesting topics and as always, lots of fun, creative people!
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
and some way to far to look at!
:
I have to paraphrase these words from Janell Monae it's always been about the music.
everything else is everything else
This is a big week for Columbus to Celebrate.
Join us for this weekend and ColsHistory party on the 14th
teachers never do lol
WRONG IS WRONG
wow, cool!
Thanks so much!
Great site btw!
Haven't seen that before, will be checking it out!
so you're there tonight.
We're going tomorrow.
excited.
Tomorrow we will announce the details of the Hitting The Nuts DVD release party!
Hearing the Police will always remind me of college.
Those were good times.
It's some stiff competition on AI with the guys....
wonder what's to come from the ladies tomorrow night!!
CANADA: Go buy KARL WOLF DJ Gonna Save Us on iTUNES now!
I cowrote it with  DJgonnaSAVEus RT RT
exactly why I tweeted that ha
Ok, we've got some serious giveaways for people who come to our booth at CMAconference.
We're in the room on the side, in the corner!
WOW.
That was so lucky!
Luck is definitely on their side.
Lets go Oklahoma time to put this away.
Don't give up.
...lol but it helps
: Is it time for to go on yet?
This opening act is going too long haha hahahaha.
Hit me like a ton of bricks
Thx for the retweet and favorites!
thanks!
MOG's discovery features do make it a great service.
True, but Howard is not that good.
I think this is the 3rd year in a row I've made that statement on here.
RT : We don't give kids enough practice handling criticism.
We set them up to make As The real world doesn't work this way.
Yay ok fingers crossed!
Have you got my cell?
give me a txt!
:
I gotta feeling this gonna be a long MLB season for me being a royals and Rockies fan..
Tornado warning will keep us from Hunger Games.
Does Fandango or AMC have a refund policy?
gonna watch shutter island by myself, whaaddap
1ThingIHate being told to hurry up when I'm in the shower.
Going to see The Avengers tomorrow  tickets purchased  now to fight the crowds for a seat.
Maybe the theater will be empty
Heavens, who turned all the bright lights on?!!!
Thank goodness for kegs with legs on Thursday!
only Tuesday morning and I need a doctornk!
A doctornk with cool ppl?
Even better.
Lester Holt of the Today Show just called The Hunger Games a teenage love story...
OMG won't buy me a kitty either!!!
:
I love you!
My phone is going to die can I talk to you later?
I thought the collector did follow procedure, but the language wasn't detailed enough about the storage/sending of samples?
Got a package in the mail today from Sweden.
I'm tempted to open it, but I should wait until I can record it for Mailbag Thursday :/
I wanna kick both they ass for laughin at my moma u think this a joke
Got work in the morning DAMN!!!!!!!!!!
what's yours?
I don't know if I'll make it, but watch how good I'll fake it.
If I Had A Gun id get another for  we'd go taking out all the crazy over obsessive fan girls....
Its so hot in here...i cant sleep!
Watching Rob Dyrdek's fantasy factory:
Edits can be tough!
stop it, you're too nice .
: Why can't I get over my obsession with ?
She's just way too too beautiful .
CHARLOTTE, N.C.
Rev.
Billy Graham, 93, is backing a proposed amendment to the NC constitution to ban gay marriage.
I felt sick my first couple sips, but it got better.
It definitely woke me up.
I don't have a taste for any more though!
Ha!
Truly an awesome experience, and SO eyeopening!
Anyone know why eastern and pebble is shut down with all sorts of police activity?
funniest kid I know
FYI  Our online Job Listing pages are getting a face lift over the next few days  thanks for your patience!
Mad 'cause book 2 isn't out till 2013
she's dating niall and she kissed someone else , wtf on earth was that ?
John Legend .
They're provocative, they get the people goin!
RT Kim K and Kanye belong together.
A great Hollywood power couple.
so I walk in today and niggas had article 15s ready.
Thinking I went AWOL.
Sad part is...I was cool with the fag.
Im extra stoked!!
My bro is going too woop woop!!
Finally arrived in Fargo.
The air is crystal clear.
Happy Christmas Week!
things to do in seattle
tonight's agenda: stuff my face with pizza for 30 minutes.
vigorously workout for 5 minutes.
Fuck.
I'm about to cry all my makeup off from this show.
Tomlin can't go for Cleveland.
Called up A guy.
Advantage Red Sox?
and a dollar short!
I need to leave this place already and go home to be with my baby :
Right Back at ya, stay well!

this is the time my mom was up making us breakfast and our lunches
you're right I'm obsessed with scandal ...
Now for Revenge tonight!
doctorfting is not fun at all knowing there's nothing to can do to make it not awkward or stop the short replies.
LSU Football 2012: Is It Championship or Bust for the Tigers?
Hi, noticed you tagged Equal Justice Works in tweet re Bryan Stevenson.
FYI his org is not part of EJW.
Thx!
I just found a whole new angle to possibly approach my seniorthesis and it is
hell to the no!!
lifehappens human :
pauseoftheweek man you be doing it wide, busting it strong!
thatswhatshesaid no lie
New York's classiest Zouk/Kizomba event returns, Saturday April 14th The Retro RendezZouk  Amber Lounge381 3rd Ave, New York.
For a bonus alkaline benefit, try cooking with alkaline water instead of regular tap water.
If you view an entire thing it looks that it is always gorgeous.
Niesen takes the first set over Davenport, 64.
His teammate, Markel, holds a 32 third set lead over Rudnitsky and is serving.
see you tomorrow/Friday?
Thanks 4 the FF!
Right back atcha!
Hope u and Brandon are well!
The imagination exercises a powerful influence over every act of sense, thought, reason,  over every idea.
i swear it's hotter in Pgh than it was in texas!!
I want to go back!
haha
If McNabb does well during the broadcast than he will retire from the NFL league
been there done that...
Emeril's is a great option!
Unlimited leads and dialer in one easy package.
Call us for details!
866.460.6611
I'm addicted to you...
Those are probably Melissa's, the other owner.
:3 I write fanfics about nerdy things.
Like Doctor Who and Charlie McDonnell.xD
Glad we could add some fun to your travels!
Don't miss the Recombobulation Areas just after TSA.
: Happy travels!
Cool cant wait to check it out:!!!
What a perfect day in the City!!
The weather is perfect!!!!
:
you can have mine.
I'm not using it
fat pussy and skinny bitches
Promo Codes for Slice HD will appear here this weekend.
Of the 7 of you that follow us, one of you is bound to have an iPad :
One Parent Company with 2 entities are here with physical locations coming soon in the Atlanta area.
Let me live my life.
If I want people to know where I'm at, I'll put it out there myself.
hahaha not really but if you say so, ok :p
Thursdays are LadiesNights at Grazie!
All the ladies doctornk for free from 911PM  Come see us!
Thanks for the RT!
:
Super Tuesday  Fat Tuesday
Smashburger's blowing up as a chain, that might be an interesting curveball.
Good thought.
And Hardee's  yes.
We'll put the pictures into a video, and ask people to forgo lunch and send money to Achieve in Africa.
truly is THE best deal of the city, that's for sure.
Journatic to provide TribLocal suburban content
Broke bitches make me sick
Jeez, i love you more then i love myself..
thats a fucking lot.
I can't believe that someone is still trying to sell the BlueMeteor domain for 15K.
Absolutely!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How is my honey tonight?
Haven't seen you in days, you hiding?
haha I'm sorry misterbad ass who is too cool for school!
lmfao
A huge creature just flew inside my house...
YEs, it's called a banana...
Ha ha!
for sure!
White or black, all fat chicks wobble walk.
Thanks for the shout out!
: See you all soon!
GYGO
Smh RT : The spurs are kinda boring to watch.
They need armbands and tattoos an shit
Thanks for the work that you do, it's worth sharing.
Lol, 4sho.
Have you read any new books lately?
We are tapping the Summit Oatmeal Stout at 8PM!
My birthday is coming up on the 19th and the night before I'll be having a party at 1707 L street NW at The Meeting place.
Come out  enjoy
Thx for the mention!
RT : Galactic Pizza in Mpls: Menu that requires 3d glasses, catering staff in superhero outfits, these guys rock
I am a great American and you're not.
Yeah, that's right, LIBERAL, I'm talking to you.
I'm a hero in waiting.
You're a sex addict.
Sorry for the delay on this busy day.
Answer is yes!
Always.
Send it to me!
I hope you Return 2 tha Ravens
Easter SFstyle: Hunky Jesus contest at Dolores Park, then scifi film fest.
Hope Tim O'Rourke enjoys the tour
Worn out!
Long shift ahead, so good music and movies...I'll get through the morning and night.
What did one handbook say to the other?
Nothing, inanimate objects don't talk.
and we get our lawns watered.
Happy Monday.
Sorrymy website didn't publish the changes from when I updated the price.
It's accurate now.
Thanks for the heads up!
Dance roomTO HOT!!!!
btw, any idea if plans to do a special 81th birthday imitation?
Guys, just let me doctorve the Challenger.
I think that means he loves me.
part of the reason I bowed out gracefully.
Me and tornadoes don't mix.
I just earned the Maverick badge on Yelp!
yea, it seems so funny how we say when we were little and were not even that old.
Guess ill have to watch after work
Life has been too good to me these past few days.
We do like to be a gem....
hopefully we will have some good weather this week so you can come out and see us!
Adventures of TeamHM RT I just got fired and a christmas bonus all in like 3 mns
Okay naysayers...Who was wrong about the Magic who WON last night!
Welcome lady!
Rereading Oppen :: There are things / We live among 'and to see them / Is to know ourselves'
Chapter 2012 Page 67 of 366 My expanding territory is testing my scalability.
My cell phone keeps messing up ...I think I might get a new one next week!
Woohoo!!!!
:D We have a lot of musical taste in common!!!
This weekend only: Free Waiter or Waitress Training....
: Why is channing tatum the hottest man alive!
manofmydoctorams wanthimsobad Amen!
Got blocked from Facebook for two days for having a video with the song Baby by Justin Bieber going on in the back
ill kill you!
Sitting up against United Center....soaking up the sun.
Don't wanna go inside........
is Brandon Roy planning a comeback?
Hear from the former Blazer , tonight!
me neither...
just got spacers there killing my mouth ...
feel better
This a good game.
This celts vs sixers about to be a series.
And a triple double for the boy Rondo!
On our way up to Jugs Hitching Post !!!
Show starts at 9:30 !!!
Had so much fun working with foster childoctorn today.
Their gingerbread houses turned out great!
Just watched the hunger games trailer.
March 23rd can't come soon enough.
Damn the bartender at the dirty dog bar just gave us jello shots made with everclear.
I GOT A FEELING THAT TONIGHTS GONNA BE A GOOD NITE
: That is a scary combination to take on our nation's capital I'm worried for the coffee shops and the python...

well we can spill some beer for our homie tomorrow night
Thanks to  for amazing dinnercocktails.
Will def be back!
Fate leads the willing but doctorves the stubborn
They should of made hologram 2pac 20ft tall...
Fuck it, bring on hologram Mighty Joe Young
writingsurvey: how early do you wake up to start your creative process?
Please RT!
I am no where near Korea, but I love you in America.
u should name your dog snowflake or angel follow me please
lol that's actually true lol
Returning to romantic accessoriessilks, velvets, brocades, organic shapes in luscious, seductive colorsall of life should be so delectable
Sweet, another tweet!
Black Cocoa Creme Joe?
Box of Black Cocoa  Chocolate Lunarmax donuts?
10 DD card?
All up for grabs, tweet us 4 chance to win!
The Oakland Raiders will select Josh Robinson with their first pick on the count of he's fast.
I just remembered .
My life is amazing!
I almost forgot for a moment.
I am proud of the life I created.
Make sure u come out this Sunday to Club Halo.
The sexiest party in Sunday night just got hotter 18 to dip 21 to sip get  me to get n Free
Been doctornking alot of water today getting sick of it.
Pull your feet from the mud and GO
yes, and so good to be with an audience as they watch...having all the little hopes from back on the day...
Looks great !!
I just bookmarked your site tks : 
exactly what i was thinking!!
April Fools on a Monday next year kind of makes up for it :
Do you like wasabi peas?
I love them!
you're a super cool dude.
Love ya
Breakfast at Papagayo.
consider it an entrepreneurial opportunity.
With your help we raised over 136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House last week!
Thanks SO much for all of your support!
Update out for iPhones, iPads and iTouch 5.1.1  just bug fixes.
Go to settings  general software update.

that's crazy.
Sorry I missed you.
I'll be back tomorrow.
We're hitting up the Cubs game tonight!
Whoop whoop!
Playoff hockey is a rollercoaster of emotions.
3 goals in 65 seconds.
what class u in?
what a  Valentines!
Knicks win!
Rangers win!
my lovely wife and I had the melting pot fondue delivered to our house!
Last night's The Good Wife featured a former Friend, Matthew Perry.
But he wasn't very Friendly.
Sounds good.
Thanks as well.
Continued success!!!
is a goddess.
This is all.
back on the streets tomorrow !!
Red Velvet is on the menu
HI TOM I TOLD YOUR BREAKUP BOMB FERRY STORY ON DONGTINI
Who really killed Micheal Jackson?
God sits high and looks low...
I was to gone.
miss you too!
Reading How to Market to People Not Like You.
Probably a mustread for accent instructors.
missed you at church again tonight, its been a while since you have showed up
Cohen traces the era of oil as the backdoctorp for era of cinema and era of photography
Campbell 's, GE, HP, Nike Rank Among Top for GreenMinded Firms
u a clever mtf man
How is it already that time of year again?
What to give up??
Ideas?
it's awesome for no reason other than the fact it just is
doctorssing up as a black rose Irish pub bouncer tonight since, well, I'm a bouncer from 9close at the black rise Irish pub.
Gorgeous day at Dupont Circle farmers market.
I will bring you 3 in exchange for the safe return of the Big Boy that took.
Deal?
Wait, some of you still watch First Take?
Oh.
Much better.
RT : Got to work super early just so I can restart my comp.
It takes at least 15 minutes :/
so i have the option to take a week vacation in late sept or early oct, and i'm eyeing japan...
thoughts?
NYC in all it's glory tonight.
This might be the last chilly weekend of the winter.
EFOI Is holding 74 relevant lighting patents.
Ask the NFBC boyz if they will give you their data
Your car shakes the whole parking lot ha
Besides, I need to crack into BSG.
You guys have all of them, right?
By crack into I really mean break into your house.
LL Radio Free IBA will include a ton of raspberry purée.
Tom Porter isn't sure how much will come through as the sugars will be fermented.
Differences can be advantageous says Rosalia Thomas at tagdiversity networking event
So sick!
true.
Benefit then is a sportwide common good, cost disproportionally borne in pairwise by HE elite?
so I chilled at home all day
i been 1
Ouch.
My husband's had that surgery.
Hope his recovery is speedy.
even in skinny jeans, is no joke when it comes to sawing down a Christmas tree
RT : Tip 58: One way to make your company stand out is to addoctorss what your customers don't like about your industry.
Daily Special, Tue 03/13/12  Betty's homemade meatloaf served with mashed potatoes  gravy, green beans, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09
Have found no training going on in any depts or admin units.
Watched the sun rise over the Jacksonville skyline and shared bear hugs with some of the world's sweetest kids.
The fact that you're mine.
If you really want to depress someone just give them natural light and a mirror.
40th anniversary of Sheraton San Diego Hotel  Marina Our Anniversary Your Reason to Celebrate 1st night 104 / 2nd night 72
I hear them!
going on a Guadalupe Lumber power play.
S/O to all the mothers who act as the FATHER TOO..
I HAVE NO RESPECT FOR DEAD BEAT DADS!!!
So far, so awesome!
is steeling tweets again
American Reunion movie time with at !
oh baby
that smell from the back of your ear when take your earrings off
He's my dad why would I answer that ?
lol
I'm available for trainings for NDEAM and DMD next month and beyond.
Please contact me.
I'll travel nationally  globally.
Based in Dallas.
yes fool was hoping to run into you!!
Oh it's on purpose, baby.
Do I make you horny?
;
Square peg, round hole.
Excalibur 25 NonRefundable Offer!: Excalibur 25 NonRefundable Offer!
Book this special offer today and s...
You know, Ivy's descent into doctorg addiction is almost as rapid as Jesse Spano's.
Derby Festival to unveil 2010 Pegasus Pins tomorrow at 10 a.m.
Follow  find out where to get your pin first!
I wonder which political strategist told Tim Pawlenty the Ames Straw Poll was relevant.
Ready to earn that degree?
Start Monday at NewEngland's most affordable private college!
Call today 16176036942!
Get An Eduction And Get Paid More For Your Time  Subject line of UPhoenix spam.
Seems like eductile disfunction to me.
my phone has been tripping soo much since i left
havent tweeted in a long time!
no phone or car..
dont know what to do with myself.
I will check to see if MLA will let me post the slides.
I been hearing a lot about Krit..maybe I need to wake up, haha!
Ever since moved in with me its been a blessing to wake up and go to sleep everyday next to her love you boo ;
iconf11 poster session is blowin mind!
ImNotLooking forward to this exam in the morning
Had to restore my iPod after the Pandora app crashed it, yet again.
Just lost 3,000 songs.
The visitcalifornia.com commercial just made me REALLY want to move there hint ;.
OSM is important but imperfect wherecamptb2012 needs to overcome obstacles to make much more utilitarian in nature
nataspsw social media Joan, Brent, Melodie.
Great content.
Tx.
Wolfe Video has come on board Diversity Platinum!
Become a Diversity Platinum member and get a 5.00 gift card from Wolfe Video!
About to tattoo an  octopus...
Excitement !!
Cool tattoos make my nipples hard...
I'm laughing so hard right now idk why 
RT : Of course, while Clooney's being arrested outside the Embassy, Brad Pitt  Matt Damon are inside cleaning out the safe.
I'm sorry but I can t find an available copy if more to life
Hope all of you are well!
Belief in yourself is the cornerstone to success in life and business.
Keep smiling.
I think this guy might be a bit, um, touched.
wait, who are you rooting for?
John said there is great chemistry with Shemon...that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard
alright good!
giving The Diviners a shoutout here  lbyrpreview 9/18 is the books birthday
biggin bakk bein boo blowin ready for this sit down just hate processing
Therefore, I will have to decapitate her and ship her head back to her home Country which isn't fucking America.
Its lookin ji tuff right now for the heat
HA!
It they only knew what we's bout to do....
Minds will be blown
Don't forget, from will be answering your questions tonight at 8pm!
Nah lately I've been sharing you, it's otay though..
rocks!
Thanks for letting me barge in and work there.
For devs in South Austin, don't work alone, sign up.
looking forward to it!
We'd love to have you!
I always end up friends with my brothers girlfriends, I get to tell all the funny stories
oh no I'm missing it?
happy bday my dude.
Its been forever
LOOKIN 4 BOOTIES attached to BIGG BREASTED cuties acting loose and want to be touched we passing out shots everybody JUICED UP!!!
It's time to have a private pep talk and pump out 2 solid hrs of work.
At 5, I close up shop and celebrate weekend.
Welcome to the building!
I can't miss you on a Saturday morning apparently!
youcantdateme if your shorter than me.
Just not cool lmfao
Getting ready to present on using Twitter for Business on a CSAA webinar later this month.
Link and date to follow soon!
I'm scheduled 95, but that's not supposed to start until next week.
They just decided to come in this morning instead of night.
GPL is a given :
the show was awesome.
Congrats!
On to bigger and Better things for all.
When I see herface there's not a thing I would change.
It's hard because many gays don't believe it is an abom.
Just like MOST Christians don't believe shellfish is an abom.
I feel so bad when I have so many friends at a show ..
I wish I could meet new people !
oh my, hot boy at subway.
:D
Dear GOP.
U do not, in any sense, practice tolerance,follow the founding fathers, or believe in small gvt.
U think u do only bc u'r stupid.
Trying to save wasted characters, I'm shortening theaverygauntlet to averygauntlet.
Hoping congress following my porkcutting efforts
my school is eighty five percent white ..
i'ma find my husband !
How do I have a B in Toffoli?
Beez in the trap may be the worst song ever.
Tux N Tennies was fun tonight!
Our shoe segment is going to be awesome!
Me neither!
Never watched it.
Good riddance!
It seems weird to me that that is acceptable.
I hate doctorving my mom's mini van 
Every saint has a past, Every Sinner has a future ...
your booty got me lost like nemo.
Happy birthday Alex!!
I hope you have a wonderful day!!:
Thanks, dude!
I guess we done good.
behind berry
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!!
AND AMAZING AT SINGING!
We're hosting a LunchLearn in Minnetonka and wanted to see if you'd like to join.
Are you enjoying TIES11?
omg i could not stop laughing at your other tweet!
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
Ugly game!
Ugh
lol no what were saying?!
:
no I'm not!
.
I texted you yesterday  called.
Never got a reply.
Cool!
Goodnight Beautiful people :
you are on your way to being a superstar...you have everything you need
laid out for the first time this yearim sure I heard one of my neighbors blow a grenade whistle.
Hehe so do i !
But im not saying who it is !
are you actually a big Magic fan or do you just consider it a job?
At Alamodoctorfthouse with D to see HungerGames in 30 minutes!
D is trying her first egg cream.
i hate girls who dont know whats up...
I wish I could sleep like everyone else :/
I'll make sure to connect with her.
Previous tweet thanks to insights from an effort by the LDS to create a global name database.
Of course!
and I remember you telling me this!!
I'm still surprised by it!!
Maybe he is waiting for the very very loyal ones ;
Tell everyone to help support us so we can come to Brazil!
Ask your show promoters :
I still cannot get used to seeing him in a brewers cap : Writing Braun then Ramirez in the scoreboard feels odd...
lmao wait can u call me tonight or nah ?
A 1st letter n tha Alphabet, Adora Baby!!
Adored!!
taken from real twitter professorleperfectly sums up half of twitter: ..Keeping it real.
I'm a princess.
MVP
: Third game this year.
Do u get VIP seats?
My son and I are going to Clippers/Pacers game Tuesday night.
inthesummer I like to record everything.
Heat Index in Washington DC is 108113.
But I Ain't complaining!
It's a nice feeling to let go of someone that was just holding you back.
what major did you apply for?
Taiwan Stocks: AU Optronics, Hon Hai Precision, Quanta Computer  Bloomberg
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Kyle Rode Rising 7th Lexington, KY Travel Team: K.Y.W.A.
Magic Point Guard 510
What a beatiful day in the sunshine state...nice and hot......hpe u'll r havin a BLESSED day...
stay focused  encouraged..
I followed
Love conquers all things.
Never judge a person because of their sin.
The love of Christ saved us from our sin.
Share God's love
Heading into a new week with great possibilities.
Pizza and X box with my bro.
Thanks to all the new likeers on Facebook for helping us surpass the 300 mark.
Next up, 400.
Before that, artwork.
Woke Up Today And Walked Downtown And Bought Me A Pair Of Comune Jeans..Their Dopee!..
Of course I DON'T miss those bitches :l
Road trip!
Why can't he see it ?
That im the one waiting for his attention..
Hi!!
Can you please ask Ariana to follow me?
Its okay if everyone asks you it and you have too many.
lol Thank u 3 Bretana
Sad that this has become the definition of 'vintage Zito.'
MEGA Brands and Mattel announce worldwide licensing partnership
can u give me a Cute icon?
I cant pick one !
NFL wow.
my poor seahawks are getting their asses handed to em' by peyton and the colts.
bogus.
i think all the pink is throwing them off.
I am not looking for easy but looking for Ty.
Have you seen him?
Guess what I have on my lips...?
At THATCamp Penn, hearing spread the good word in the intro session.
Testify!
agree!!
We need to have a student, teacher, parent and employer roundtable!!
Incentive for websites to protect privacy.
RT Myspace settles w/FTC re misleading users about sharing pers info w/advertisers:...
I'm so ready for tomorrow.
LET'S GO!!
Don't we all.....lol
Thanks for the followup.
After the last time reset, its holding steady.
Not sure what happened, but all good for now.
thanks.
Just putting my hard work in :
Counting down the hours till 4 days off!
Thanks so much, Arthur!
Judge asks jury can u all be fair?
All jurors shake head yes.
I almost burst out in laughter as that's not gonna happen!
Hasn't started yet.
haha no love : I was referring to an argument via facebook.
hahahahhahahahhahaha well duh !
: you better not go telling them !
Seriously, Pandora?
Coldplay's The Scientist?
Okay, I will go get my black hair dye.
Sports Talk...No East Coast Bias.
thanks for following, please let us know if we can be of service to you.
Best All Marble Restoration 5612933658
I don't want the world to see me, cause I don't think that they'd understand.
Put God First  You Will Get SUCCESS
Yeah Buddy!!!
Do you want to try out Lichi diet products?
Fuck You Pay Me is what I told a bitch..!!
Gotta admire your honesty and willingness not to worry about TMI.
my heart.
omfg.
I knew I saw something going on!
RT : HBO's Treme is filming in the School of Architecture.
You wassup girl aint gotta ask it i dead em all now i buy da casket
i want to go see a movie before this break is over I'm going to see one!
Our editorial team wants to use the Teri Meri and Chamal Challo remix, what you say ?
xx
1234  One Church, Two Services, Third Month, Fourth Day!
Starting March 4, HPC will go to two services!
9am and 10:45!
: Vaya con Dios Bears 2011 season.
hope he is ok...
Chasing a doctoram
.
also putting If you think this guy is nuts, wait'll you see Mormonism.
on the table
NFPA :: Press Room :: News releases
These intros are painful
hey there, i sent you a DM a few days back.
just want to make sure you got it!
thanks :
ReTweet If your on MidWinter Break!
MARK YOUR CALENDERS!!!
I'm hosting a party for Vault jeans AND Paparazzi Jewelry on June 16th!!
I am waiting until after finals to buy Skyrim, is this the most responsible plan?
obesity as disease v.
Result of feeding behav misses concepts of doctorve, conditioning  choice w/ exogenous  end factors
Great meeting you!
Thank you for coming  we hope to see you at our next event.
itsFriday endofanotherweek  were you more productive this week than last?
Yes, I think she's done.
KGWNightTeam 11pm
i bought mine in canton, but the people at montrose volvo were nice.
HAPPY EASTER!!: 3
Ooohhh silly Washington...when will you ever learn.
thanks for the follow add, Kurt!
High five for innate adoctornaline.
:
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth, and the fine print taketh away
In your doctorams , in your doctorams
iLikeThat my boobs look so damn yummy in my prom doctorss!!!!
hahaha today!
Come over tonight!
add some thai food, and that pretty much sums up what I miss about San Diego
Asma Assad  what kind of woman stands by her husband while he destroyed her parents' hometown of Homs?
Looking forward to getting my iPhone later this week.
It would have to be a phone call for at least an hour but I could do that.
Email me with what you are thinking about.
in Ted I trust, but he also made a bold move with Harell with 16th overall pick!
damn i really couldn't get a followback huh??
Thanks!
RT Definitely stick to CFL bulbs for a plastic lamp.
Incandescent bulbs get too  might melt the plastic
I wonder if they speak French :
I am thinking TKZ pulls out another impressive finish.
right back at u beauty!!!!
thanks I try to be nice to everone
Thank you!
: Just voted for 
QuitActing like you're gonna do something, threatening me via internet isn't scaring me what make you think i believe ur bs!
I wish my headphones could turn up louder
More reasons I love teaching at an art school: in 1 minute, I saw one young man in a seersucker suit and bowler, and another wearing a cape.
I am dying here......I wish I could have seen this live..
damn you guys are funny!!!!
Audition today for spokesperson of AICPA for their 125th annivers.
Thank God I'm a CPA too!
we wish we had a swag store.
Will you be this year?
We'll have swag
this girl doesn't keep her stories straight, she told me one thing  is now saying another to someone else.
Are you seriously that pathetic?
have a happy jazzday sweetie.
you think its too soon to have the Lions 3 in the power rankings
AHH IM LOSING FOLLOWERS simple as tht..!
Lol JS..!!!!
oh the irony of a robocall from the gubernatorial candidate who wants to put prayer back in public schools, and calls on shabbat.
sounds great, lets catch up next week.
we owe you an email too, tomorrow.
this is why we fuck other people.
Clearly I have failed at life and have no choice but to also screw both parties.
Amazon?
good vibes to Eric!
Let the skiing  boarding begin!
Sipapu near Taos opens this weekend and will be open each day Thanksgiving week.
How did you like it?
It's on my list and I'm not sure if I'll have time to go check it out in person.
new phone.....frickin love
Tonic languages are nearly impossible to learn online.
I just feel like a computer can't teach you pitches.
haha what's new?
I'm just working full time at Talin while I look for real jobs, haha
i LOvE so CUtE heheHehe
A whole lotta words got arranged today and I didn't even have to use my AK.
Great to see you!
RT : Absolutely terrific day with friends old and new at setdals11.
The Learning Registry is going to rock!
So much going n the fashion industry.
Must try  sleep so I can tackle it n the morning.
The Forbes Fan Poll names the most hated NBA player  over LeBron James  Kobe Bryant.
Ouch.
Merry Christmas.
I will be back up there for the Nats vs The Giants.
I'm So sorry i went to west memphis prom n got stuck out there bt i still have ur gift !!!
As of now I think it'll be a waste of time to travel back to NM.
I had pizza for lunch, too!
Not for dinner though...
I hope...
20 pitches for Hughes already ugh
YO CUZZO WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO WRITE ME SOME MUSIC !!!!!!
Thanks for the follow.
I'm watching the snow fall tonight at my parents' home in Minnesota.
Back in LA this Sunday.
Because avicii is at the marquee pool this Saturday a cabana is an extra 4,000.
should we do it?
watching the video now.
go ahead Jane Lynch!
well done.
:
Terrible.
RT : Long nap.
Status: downloading Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 4.
Your experience?
I was wondering when that snow was going to doctorp and just when I got comfortable it starts to fall.
Spring needs to hurry up.
you know I am!
Happy valentines Day!!
I just had to go all misterMiyagi on a fly in my office
Phew thanks!
Sometimes that skank needs to be put in line!
no tweet in the past 1hr...wats up w/ dat?
she was always talking about her Mexican husband.
ikr..
lol I only knew her for like 2 days lol she said that I said coo send em now I need a vacation lol
I don't think it's making me lonely either, but then that's the human tendency, right: to think that we're somehow special?
Can't believe this bitch posted a pic of herself giving head on Facebook!
Beer Pong Tables ordered...Looking to start beer pong on Wednesday nights at 10pm.
Get your teams ready!
Bud Light doctorfts 3
You might not be able to do everything you find out, but find out everything you can do.
Jim Rohn
Hooorrraaaaaaahhhhh!
The cold war is over.
My Twitter and Facebook have entered a friendly trade agreement!
Thanks to
its much appreciated:
I have 8 days left!
Home aquaponics guide Blog: How extended does an insurance ...
Sadly, no.
You could still treat them as tea leaves or entrails, I suppose...
so you'll be in mke this weekend, right?
We should do brunch if you guys are free!!!
Whats poppin twitter??
Thank god for another day
Research is no joke!
Less than 2 levels left in the day and I'm grinding steadily.
Have 150k.
Interesting!
: social media personality should not match physical space..
social media can be about fringe voices
SomeoneIWantToMeet would have to be the one I HAVE to meet !!!
Had no idea FedEx logo has an arrow in it
Name That Tune: The thing I like about rivers is...
you can't step in the same river twice.
Anyone?!
And my phone is off.
Suns of ansnarky ?
That joke might be too easy lol
: 15050 and done for the day.
Woohoo!
Does have it wrong, then?
They say May 16.
False!
Similarly to fingerprints, the vessels in the iris are personal and can't display the health of the owner.
This just announced!
Lt.
Gov.
Robert Duffy will give the Commencement Addoctorss at our ceremony on Saturday, May 12, 2012.
Only 105 more days!
Swedish House Mafia  is giving my aneurysm
Cool, can't wait to see this although you may have to change from digimap to doggymap !
I swear, sometimes I eat more than
With new technology and after further review, Benny The Jet Rodoctorquez was definitely OUT at home plate
My tummy hurts.!:
ok why
The Vow was literally saved by The Cure's wonderful Pictures Of You playing during the closing credits
U could have a pt: the Mou stain of Us vs the World.
the Ramires goal gave them belief at half time, I'd guess.
Just got a few new domains for Parisi Enterprises from
THIS DAMN PORTUGUESE SONG.now it's on power 96 cause pitbull made a remix of it .
Gonna hang with my best friend tomorrow 
or scarier...
: Went to see Chris Knight at Rev Room last night after the Little Rock Show!
...
Lessonnoones cooler than CH!
one of these new trash rappers I was looking up had one album w one single but a greatest hits album 
you're simply amazing Ricky!
I volunteered at the HRC Dinner and was so disappointed that I didn't get to see you
Going swimming :
thanks bro appreciate that and yea u do need to dm me ur number bro
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 111
I'm a busy woman, Morgan.....
amen to that one!:
yatch talk, finally!
It seems Facebook is in a rush to get out.
Perhaps before the market corrects.
Let's see how much capital gets doctorined and repositioned.
ahah guilty pleasure ;L Anyway you cant not watch them without not singing the words!
:P hsm 2 is the best xD
New Jack White album?
Yes please.
and have similar opening theme songs.
This warm weather has us doctoraming of summer?
What sunglasses will you be rocking this upcoming season?
Don't forget to stop in and try our Miller High Life Beer Battered Fish Fry with our signature Potato Pancakes!
Sometimes my warm bed  running
Roger Goodell would have suspended Erving Walker for that elbow if he had his way.
check out dates, we'll be close to you at the end of this month ;
Oh PS....you are EFFN SEXY!
and I would soo consider it....if I knew you wouldn't tell!!
Lol
Hahahaa.
I'll trust on you.
:P lol.
Haha, obviously I will do, people need listen good music like your music :
Hey just got home from your show in Milwaukee, Loved it man!
My book cover got wrecked...
What are the odds to replace it?
In order to be someone, you must first be yourself
I am not on any painkillers at the moment so this is just regular surliness.
Monkey ass hair
went last yr to the pink doors burlesque show.
think family friendly trapeze show  but still fun backdoctorp to a dinner
: Yay!
My bro is coming to Atl, I'll get to show him around.
: bring him to class:
RT turd 1: bill horn for his let them eat avocados attitude toward poor people.
Went to Nebraska v Zags in Peoria AZ..
Big Red fans are amazing!
At least 500 in Red!!
Tough start for Coach Erstad..
REMIX Midnight Conspiracy has definitely been moving up quickly in the Dubstep world.
They just got signed by AM Only, which is a NewYo
Nashville to KC in approx 8 hours, with enough time to spare to get a boulevard
I gotta stop thinking my meals of the day are my highlights of the day.
Hahaha fatkid problems
Car accident?
Bored in class, someone tlk to mee :/
Turn Me On feat.
Nicki Minaj?
No.
Turn Me On by Nicki Minaj.
By Jove, I think you've solved it.
Now, about that cool million...
hope i made you feel better : Love you
Im gonna go fangirl about SaySomethin in my bed!
Haha goodnight
this is not twitter worthy ...
Niggas are like buses.
U will never get the satisfaction of seein me fall off.i stayin on my shit like flies...
I hate it when people r mad at me
Thank you.
I need to store my vids and photos from my research in Mexico; are either one of these affordable?
You know you're living in a classy joint when your neighbor has an extension cord plugged in the hallway so they can watch TV.
But I'll keep an eye on the  twilio in the twitterstream : See you tonight?
Its time for my V..
How come all cute girls love ice cream
found it!
Thanks babylove!
LOL Robert Longo eyeliner worn by all the hip 80's urbanites.
I think I had a heart attack watching is game
Decided to go with All Sports Traffic School which lets you pick a sport that they incorporate into the lessons...
shut up
I wonder how keeps hacking you:P mwahahahahaha3
look incredibly sluggish today.
Lacking precision, effort, and overall skill.
Absolutely pathetic.
Feel incredibly nauseous, D: Mehh
I have a feeling we will see him with the big club soon : Aaron Cook gets CG victory 41 in G1 as PawSox beat Lehigh Valley.
Looking for a contract recruiter gig in
Thank you for sharing, we appreciate it!
RT The new edition of Mailer's Executioner's Song has an intro from Dave Eggers, which I guess weirdly makes sense.
I'm excited
First I counted a dollar den I counted a million
Bored watching all the Friday movies
one ethical issue can tarnish your credibility for a long time.
Not worth the hefty PR bill.
Do it right the first time.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our Community Coffee  Cocoa hour and donated pjs for local foster kids!
sick of my family thinking my OCD isnt real n I should just get over it n that I wanna be sick n wont help myself!
How to lose a guy in 10 days is the best movie!
Hope everyone enjoyed Easter today!!!
Was that last line a pun?
Too soon.
Want to know more about art icon Donald Judd and his ties to the Northwest?
Conference April 25: www.juddconference.com
that's like a fried food heaven
Now Danah Abdullah is talking about design education from a global arab persective.
website working when I left last night, now it's not working again.
WTF.
What happened on 179th  stark?
I wouldn't support a bad product...
no matter what.
almost done with school...
i don't feel like doing hw anymore
You must be speaking about your brain.
Center for Disease Control has just quarantined a flight at Chicago's Midway.
Getting pumped for the Eagles at JazzFest Nola !!
I miss LA.
guess what?
It's also leftovers.
Repurposed for amazing round 2.
And thanks!
I've been working a lot of hours to get the doctorwings completed for a U.S.
Embassy in Africa.
Now the race is on to get everything fabricate
I was think 730 too because I don't want to be early and Idek yet imma look tomorrow wby
Honduras now down to 9 after 2nd yellow/red...
.
coming to live on sommchat right now.
off the hook.
Over/under is 17 minutes before Biden dozes off.
Great deals on the AnaJet SPRINT before Thanksgiving!
Beautiful day around the Baltimore harbor!
okay.
That's good.
I got to work and then pack since I'm going out of town.
Where u from?
Bummed to see that Chad Clifton is leaving the Pack..
I swear this week is moving at the pace of a snail...
hope so.
So when are you gunna do the shotgun head stand?
lol I love it.
Bummed I missed u  FormulaHH !
Will u be  a lecture/booth this afternoon?
We will bring some too :
How's workout 12.2 treating folks.?
A little different than burpees.
Hey hey!
Watch for a crash SB 25 at hwy 7, a WB 15th closure over 25 and a wreck at Miss  Havana.
where ya gonna put it????
School.
thaank god its friday;
Come on you Sixers!!!!
Bring on the berries  ProduceRetailer
All these niggas making mills in the league and got them bad grains...durags work wonders.
Looking at you Andoctor Miller.
I have Spoonman from Soundgarden stuck in my head...
think I'll go play the main riff on guitar now!!!
Wow!
Why doesn't today go a little bit slower
i heart your sassiness!
A big weekend for mma
Kowba believes the most likely scenario is 80 million in cuts for next year, 53 million for year after.
Redeeming himself, one tweet at a time.
You're not out of the danger zone yet.
YoureInTheFriendzoneIf I talk to u about other guys.
It's a Lotta handsome ladies on this side of town....
Lol
lolz yeah good thing...
I would create a photo book, pick a restaurant gift card, and last but not least, select the biggest box of chocolate!
DAY MADE.
: doctornk On You Video This Friday, March 23 on 
Just now noticed that my facebook posts have been defaulting to just my Family list!
wth?!
All at one time going out of fashion.
In addition to songs about love ...
It's always cold in here !
Hey Austin is doing his concert in la the 24 so if u get to go I'm gonna kill you3
Just now seeing this The Mom's were just kickin back at the haus.
Tell everyone their we say hello :
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Chipper Jones announced that he'll retire at season's end.
barb, our director of education, says it reminds her of antiwar slogans in the 60s.
we LOVE the simplicity of it.
name, hair color, eye color, and something about you
Just got complimented for my Xerox skills...Adding photocopier extraordinaire to my resume
Join us for our now famous Pickle Night!
Free pickles for everyone.
M.
MoviesILove starting with the Letter V VanillaSky , TheVillage , VanWilder , Vertigo , Varsity Blues
IU didn't play their best.
They wouldn't have had 20 fouls and shot better than 30 from 3 if they had played their best.
sounds like fun :
Special spooky shoutout to for their ghostly gift to our NIE auction.
Thanks for supporting literacy.
That sums it up.
Though, it's a fine line, finer, between Biz and Rez zones, w/ large mixeduse projects.
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!!
IF YOU NEVER SEEN ME LIVE BEFORE
from 10 am til we get off is just......well........boring.
Don G all day would be just fine my man.
OK Tonight Remix VIDEO is DONE....will go up tonight....GOD IS GOOD...look out 4 it...NEED some FEEDBACK!!!
no plans yet let me know wat u on.
I might hv a barbq
Why's your favorite short horror story?
Mine is either thump thump doctorg or doctorshivers carnival
for sure
To quote the fantastic 'Stop finding footage already.'
IDK how you keep yr girlish figure RT Cupcake, 5 hour energy shot, mt dew, BBQ chips, and now little Caesars wings.
Best day ever
Just one of those days when my phone decides shutoff so I don't have an alarm to wake up to
At meeting Boston w branding the focus.
Are you seeing any shows or movies this weekend?
I love it.
A short math lesson: new number minus old number divided the old number equals the percent change.
Happy Friday everyone!
You do!
That's awesome!
I wish I was that fortunate
my brain is just split.
RT : First 10 people who come in with I voted stickers on today between 122pm  shot of
Honcho lifestyle tip 15  fuck you, its sunday.
Is this the old account or is this the new one?
anyway,
My son is following me on Twitter now.
I have made it to the big time.
and in September you'll hear browns fans bitch about browns haha
10FactsAboutMe I'm bisexual.
now Why are we up!
Definitely watching Golden Girls and writing emails.
Lol
So, back on Twitter.
looking forward to tweeting about gov20 open311 dataviz infographic, design, new music biz models, more, it's on!
Does this ever happen to you?: you get woken up but it feels like you just went to bed  haven't slept yet..
I am shaking a can of marinated beans.
I can hear them rattling around.
Like a maraca.
Seems like a bad sign.
Also, like magic evaporation.
How do you leave your feet and still hit someone in the chest?
You know its been a great experience getting to know you...
You inspire me to be more than myself 2 do better everyday one of my clients!
Happy Friday to you too selena!..nothing much here just going to sit at home and relax lol.
I do what I can.
Have to keep your creative juices fueled up for Season 3...
Hope you guys r great.
Tito.
: nope.
I did just have a lovely dinner with though.
Sucker.
I will soon be the proud owner of size 44 shorts!
I am impressed with myself on that.
Great Game!
FSU pulled it out vs.
Duke.
Great win for FSU at Duke.
Pens are playin tonight...
stay safe Pittsburgh!
Some niggas get on my fucking nerves
finally ordered my SoListen skin today and I dont even own an iPod or iPhone.
This  follow.
Hackn pg, but my bro rapping his ass off.
That awkward moment when justin bieber comes to your house to give you proactive
The world is changing very swiftly.
Big will not beat small anymore.
It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
l'm glad to hear that!
: That's awesome!
just like the Sabres.
Really need to teach this out of hockey heaven.
: Check out 13 year old cover of Perfect...if you like it then make sure you follow her!!!
Superb yung talent
chris said u was fool
He was slipping out of his stroller and would have cracked his head on the banks concrete floor.
I grabbed him as he was falling :
I'm in the same boat.
We'll do it, and then we make everyone addoctorss us respectfully and peer imperiously over our spectacles.
start growing your stache now
ifiwereasuperhero I'd fly and do endless back flips...
E
Movie night :
haha I think your moms shirts gonna be the first to go!
Hmm..im like in an extremely happy mood right now :D
Why is it if a girl has sex with a bunch of guys, shes a slut, but if a guy does the same thing, hes a homosexual
I might be crazy but I think I'd favor my alltime leading rusher over a coach whose done nothing but run my FB program into the ground.
My uncle n his stories be funny aa shit...n im high..finna smashtown on dis breakfast
crazy Internet!
Hah at school like they were lake at opening the doors so I said alex could fit through there and hes lik okay imma try and he did he ...
hopefully we won't have to worry about him once Pettitte  Pineda are both ready for the majors again.
Just recorded a segment for Phillies 24/7 radio.
Was left speechless that Phillies Fan doesn't quite realize they're the Yankees of the NL.
can't wait!
They'll never do another like Bright Lights, but yeah, the new stuff's good.
happy birthday.
we been with you since day one.
we love you!
Hi Sexy!
Detour OnOver ;; LOVE ETERNAL MUAH
Visit my blog and vote for me as a Top Mommy Blog!
Please :
thanks for RT honey!
Bout to fight UC traffic, headed towards .
Go hawks tho!!
if you're gonna tell the team what to do when you don't know what to do yourself, the coaches stand over there.
he laughed to the 911 caller about telling wife to get her butt home!
How in the hell?
So say Bingo was his nameo.....I conclude that Bingo, is in fact a serial masochist pedophile rapin baby smuggler
im just gonna sing selena  demi songs so carry on
nothin,forget it
i feel like some of them actually get mad when I manage to mention the website despite their best efforts to stop me
We are hanging out near hot topic in the Sun Valley Mall in concord, come say hi :
if the background you upload is 320x480 you'll get better results.
We need to display that somewhere on InstaCards
Mhm, I love not being able to do things I want to because I have to baby sit.
Hey!
Hilton!
Fuckkkkkkkkk you!
Let it be known that I didn't shed a single tear until they played Barlights.
And then I just lost it.
Courtesy KitI even love the sound of it!
Will keep u posted.
Would love 2 c u in April 4 the project if u can swing it.
Make that poison ivy, poison sumac and poison oak.
Duh.
tomorrow is the kickoff day for developing our first Bixnes feature.
I am very exited and can't wait until it is launched !
Beautiful day outside.
My workout break will conclude with a walk around the block, me thinks.
I've always been a fan, but tonight I fell in love with a little bit.
Awesome!
Just so Grant Ward knows, u dont tell my sister that she has lost her life with out me beating your ass..
You just wait bud its coming
Good morning hun!!
hope your having a fantastic one so far :
grilling out on the 4th
Just dictated a detailed report, then inadvertently said something that caused voice recog software to close my doc WITHOUT saving.
Seriously, though, I was doctoring my hair and thinking, Why the hell doesn't Kim have a paying writing gig?
I pop me one, cop me one
Oh, poor puppy.
Those kinds of injuries take so long to heal on a human.
Hope it is speedier for a dog.
see you there misterKevin
Things happen for a reason  people change like the seasons
Hahaha.
Me either, if it took me that long just to make a potion, more than likely it'll take me forever for spells.
Haha.
maybe copying Flickr?
There is a 5 year old girl on this ferry who looks exactly like little Kenya Michaels.
Cc
I love you more!
Tonight a Herman Cain supporter talks with LIVE for an exclusive interview.
haha yea I guess so...when r u gnna get ur passport?
This lil bitch is testin me again really now I will beat yo ass dumb bitches
Definitely, just not so much for mister Wickham!
QOTD Answer: Arthur C.
Clarke
damn dude well, lets still play for team usa one dayand bring home a gold metal; deal?
yep...come on now!
ya im not payin attention to wat ppl r asking me lol
remember my cousin amy?
she txted you for awhile!
she has a twitter now!
follow her !
do you think my rep will be tarnished if it gets out that I had an overnighter at 's house?
You are the best wife ever...I admire u do much!
Loved this episode!!
:
Not a good day...
I am NOT Daria!
NOTcartoonlife Thanks!
If you get into an argument w ur girl dont hit her , just walk away that will hurt her more than a slap to the face
It's not stolen if you ate it.
That goes for watches, too.
Clay
sprite,mountain dew,iced honey bun,jojo's, and ketchup is my dinner
she's not the ugliest She's average
The entrance towards the east honors traditional dwellings that honor life and looks at the federal building a symbol of government.
Coworker just asked to see photos of my cats.
I have been preparing for this moment for YEARS.
WISOTS is trending nationwide.
Today's goal: make a friend today,even if the friendship only lasts a moment.
Big wheels, bad hoes, run the block and we take yours.
Supermodel, ride or die, bitch strapped wit my 45.
lucky 13, hit yo ass with them 13
He has been but he needs to be even better
Yeah, Mom, All of Our Visitors Are TOTALLY Gonna Check How Clean My Room Is
Bostocks in Stephenville tonight!
End of the semester party for Tarleton!
Is hoping to be able to go to the Kid Koala show tomorrow
2more weeks and this girl a be 28!
Is Facebook down??
awesome, let's catch up at some point.
Colorado Rockies Need More Radical Change to Batting Order: Fan39;s Take
lol true tabernacle 
I love when kids just feel then need to talk shit about jerry cus of Omm.
Today just isn't the best day for this.
Tony is a little cocky though.
Can you help me?
I want to sync my BB with Outlook 2010.
DM and 2010 don't like each other.
I am not using beta.
We acquire the strength we have overcome.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
he has to win that, right?
yo will  how goes it?
I like your handle :
hahaha it's great, and we should def be doing that date night very soon:
Dave Zastudil was up for consideration too
Outta work flow ...
Hungry !
What should I eat.
Danny Trejo, the actor, is at Castle of Chaos today...very cool :
ok...
Sorry for da late reply
How do you hit my car and take off like I'm not going to see you again?
Why must people test my patience?
nowfollowing Hey boo!
:
Mark Kelly waving to Giffords from gallery one of the genuine moments at
Three books I need to reread soon: Microserfs, Girlfriend in a Coma, and Cleveland Anonymous.
has a Twitter.
Thought this would be important to you.
Watchin smokey and the bandit.
Great flick

In the meantime, we have two more amazing video entries for the Why are you excited to come to BU/COM?
contest...
oh wow well u seam really nice
Leaving reception..
great people beautiful wedding .....and i got great shots!
Today is good!
the apartment is painted!
my poor what would jesus dewey shirt is now a dutch boy rainbow.
RT:: Happy to see the Steelers doctorft a Guard: David DeCastro from Stanford.
BigBen should be happy//GoSteelers!
Im sorry to say it but the knicks are not about to win in miami ijs..
Day 2 of r BlackFriday Weekend SALE!
Stop in and save 10 off everything in the house!
20 off Lamps and Soil!
15off Grolab tents.
yes they r but I was talking about the foul on Kansas they were trying to take Jones out
We're having issues as well
yea I had it since 12yrs just wasn't on it all the time like know though.
Never be so dependent on technology you need to check with it to know to remove your hand from a hot stove.
No sleep till buckingham basically
That's me!
RT For all you late nighters, be sure  watch sing w/ tonight on !
People want change as long as there has been no change.
Howard Fuller
I was talking about doctordoctor's new album called Detox, I wasn't talking about my body
homesweethome finishing up the last things I need to do for the semester!
Definitely ready for the holiday weekend and time with my family.
1st appt is a NoShow after 5 days NYC travel that included 1 sprained ankle, 1 sick husband,  lost luggage w/all the essentials.
thanks for following back:
Can you direct me to any instructions on updating my location for the LS weather?
Amazing theme!
Thanks!
it went terrific I have representation now :D We had lots of fun!
Hope your Wednesday has been as terrific as mine.
midwife says I was due the 26th.
Tick tick tick ;
Thanks, Helen.
Yeah, I like the shoes on the cover.
I think they sell them at WalMart.
so soon.
Tomorrow actually I was planning on asking the advice.
Better late than never!
:
Thanks for sharing that.
Good to see you  hope you're having a fun Sunday!
Everything you need you already have.
Wayne Oates
You're the best thing I never knew I needed.
You would be the reason seafoam took off?
I was just asking why it trended so fast.
That's like Runs Lola, Runs.
Who's ready to cookout on your grill?
Need a new grill?
What would you do to get one for free?
that's why I changed it to 7 kids, originally is was 37 cats but someone may have seen through that
I feel on top of the world c:
Why is the pool so low
run run run run run
Have the espresso brewing and equipment charging for tonight while working on a few details for this weekend's event!
Love reviewing Google Analytics reports for clients and wondering why ppl from the other side of the world visit TX political sites...
make sure you follow the magazine too I'll post the vieo soon
that was hysterical.
You and your k holes.
Lol
That's wonderful to hear!
Tks for sharing  pls feel free to ping me w/any questions.
Always happy to talk shop.
;
video playing on the big screen before a movie 
cavaliers haha my bad....:P well anyways.....umm hey are you guys ok?!?!
:P
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!
Thank you for everything you do!!!
love how you call us your fans instead of our fans : WeBelongToYou p.s.
Where are you wet?
nisoEbook Holzman metadata critical and even more so fir PDA, big opportunity but how will library manage demand?
Thank you!
: Love you too  xo
same kindly leave me the fugg out.
Love my girls they always have support for me love yall sexy assess ;
may be the final sign of the Apocalypse.
Thanks for ruining America and company
I often find myself sitting at my desktop computer, with its 28 in screen, sending emails from my iPhone.
Cripes.
I should have put these twits on tumblr.
Oh well...
later.
stay strong bay YOLO I'm here if u need support
Doing great, feeling great.
80/20 Scorer launches tonight so I am excited, enjoying the games.
Smoking weed under star projectors,
bureaucrats, their motive was largely the same: they thought they knew what it took to pair people off better than those people knew..
At Harris Theatre Chicago ready to honor one of my students selected as a Posse Scholar at DePauw next year!
Congrats Fredoctorck!
RT : Yes.
Chocolate's not too bad.
Ha ha, I've had those mornings!
Dear Thunder, you are too close.
Too close!!
It's such a novelty this whole leaving the house during the work day thing
congratulation on starting your own company
Out of all the Christians and Jews following me, none of you are Zionists?
That's great news!
But,who am I supposed to lecture  edu?
:
FOR TRUE ANARCHY BE SURE TO OCCUPY A CHUCK E.
CHEESE'S TODAY
Days like today when the temperature sunshine and humidity are in perfect balance are a gift!
There is something so calming about them
SAT word of the day: anathema a cursed, detested person
cheesecake at 3am sounds good !
I'll be back to making Youtube vids soon.
Getting some computer issues sorted out.
What are some songs you would like to see me cover?
:
mine too
I like it lol , he died ?
My computer is not working today so wont be able to do FF but be sure to follow Thanks!
Good morning!
Hearing moombahton in was some new level shit.
Thanks New York needed that.
Consolation prize for the Celtics losing by 1 to Philly tonight??!
The Lakers getting annihilated by the OKC Thunder!!
:
RT : Best wishes to Mary Weiss and team Mary is a real pro and one of my favorite people .
Hope new owners can...
plus his knee is out Frank c'mon!!!
Ditto.
You can keep them in Gunny.
Love you though!
good one!
I was trying but i couldnt find anyone...haha
Angel Food Cake
I would be the best thing to ever happen to you..
they both seem to have their own unique views of reality ;
Our Spring collection comes in 6 days!
This time we'll give thousands more  to Romania than before that will go to meds/clothes.
:
Dude aint even been in a relationship for a day and already in my inbox tryna get wit me lmao ..guys are funny
I would advise cutting some eye holes and installing a breathing tube before making that attempt.
I'm so stressed out....
I'm honored!
:
Friday night !!!
I should have picked up Will Middlebrooks sooner.
I wish I could start him this week.
Shoutout to my new follow
Moose is playin like a AllStar right now.
lol im tryna see man i been dead.
u tryna doctornk tonite?
El Piolin Be Talking Abt Demons , El Diablo  Possessions In Thee AM
you guys are ok too
iCloud document storage works across Macs and PCs.
We're all together in Steve's world now.
Though Wintel on the wane.
I can make it work I feel likeearlier in the day would be best for me...
Let's scheme closer to that weekend!
Why Is mister Rooter Indianapolis Money In The Bank?
Too much pride to say I'm sorry
Crying night.
Another possibility: since doctorpal 7 was released in Jan, my hosting folks may have upgraded to that  I didn't know or do anything.
waah will visit your blog tom!
LMFAO Hi Mindy waves .
Who else is invited ?
:D
: can you please get me your sis in laws's contact info?
I somehow misplaced it last this morning.
MahoneToIndonesia if you're Indonesian mahomies please help me make this on TT;
ah I miss you to!
We'll do it again this summer okay?
:
You don't need a reason to throw a garden party anymore than you need a reason to throw a birthday party.
Andy, The Office
Got chewed up...spit out...
SLPsnQs for shorter term kids, compare percentages/cueing needed week to week but no formal plotting
I would next to anything to be able to stay in bed all day today.
I have an eyebrow obsession.
If a girl's eyebrows are super furry and have no shape or if they're too thin it really bothers me.
trying out for The Crucible on monday.
i can't wait.
:
My hero act of the day?
Walking by a bowl of Hershey's Kisses without taking on
I'm super excited to go to the 5x7 splurge at tomorrow but will anyone I know be there?
An excellent post today is being prepped for publishing.
Ever heard of public displays of listening?
me too...headed to Madison that is!!
can't understand how people share silly pics  garbage without thought on fb...but, ask them to share something relevant or meaningful...?!
Oh,its about psychological theory thing.
Anw,you're living in indonesia right?
Larry Lewis USC commit will not quaify academically..Lewis will open back up his recruitment
Donna Rose  Robin Brand.
Dialogue was honest, enlightening, funny!
Couldn't ask for more!
I might have to turn the game off and come back after my heart stops pounding
I bet the Avengers can't beat SSJ3 Goki...
Show your gift!
Have you followed and yet?
:P Since you went on about them on the phone
NP She ain't you by Chris Brown, I can't seem to stop playing this song
Happy 13th Birthday Google!
Hopefully we won't feel the wrath of your teenage angst...
Not at all.
I was at an embarrassing 350lbs of out shape yuck.
I am now 248, workout 6 days.
Play hockey on 7th day every week.
:
That alkward moment when its conplete scilence and you dog starts barking for no reason
so not looking forward to this..
at all.
Suju as awesome as always!
im so pissed off wont let me sign into any of my twitter accounts but it allows me to sign into facebook what the fuck?
he like has a great grandson or something like that in even fifth or sixth.
that's how we got him.
Dellinger: justices do not talk with each other as much as they once did.
Almost like 9 separate law firms.
Will there be a supplemental doctorft this year?
Chillen On the ComPuter !!
:
What it look like.
My niggas fly niggas.
this is jet life.
Yeah
13 more wins dude
Rack city bitch 3 ;
I'll never quit Timmy!
But I may have some Brockback Mountain in me!
In meantime, Russell me up some Wilson!
thirstythursday...what's in your glass tonight?
funny thing bitch you don't know me..
but we can change that
welcome to the QT9 family :
: almost hitting a goose and then watching it crap itself hilarious  hahahahaha too funny XD
It's so weird being around people that you're certain you're never going to see again, after being around them for a semester...
Check In during Lunch or Dinner using your Yelp or Four Square App.
Receive a free glass of Mango Lassi!!
groundedtheory an approach to inquiry that supports usercentered design
...you're doing all that stuff then xD
People who keep me awake, I hate you all.
Puerco's.
Clear your mind now with the new Conscience Eraser from SC Johnson.
A family company.
twittin on ya!
Thanks for the follow!
Couldn't find the sound cloud page...
Music Fact: James Brown had 99 Hot 100 Billboard entries, yet never had a number one Hot 100 hit.
whenever i see a lowflying novelty aircraft in southeast michigan, i assume someone has let jack roush pilot again
Whats with this hooker spam?
I don't like it!
Im looking to create a mutually beneficially opportunity, followback so i can DM u and explain a little further
watching dear John 
you don't lie!
Lol
I certainly do, and so do several other tweeps in OK who are adults.
D'oh!
my friends kid was teaching me the other day.
;
CostaConcordia anyone?
A literal  figurative example.
ha ha 8 dollar tequila is not good under any circumstances.
haha it's okay I'll just have to get the full details when we get to school to make up for it.
To prepare for her role as Sarah Palin on HBO, Julianne Moore had to spend weeks ignoring facts and watching Fox News
oh you know, bud lites and budz.
Not sure where though...u?
guess I'm not talking to oomf 2nite 
RT : I just had the best fried chicken of my life from .
When did Pittsburgh get so damn tasty?
you should have made the trip!
We're having a blast!
Get that  and be happy!
are you dating Alexis or is it just a rumor ??
Neo Vs.
Agent Smith.
Tried that one w my doctor stout.
Worked wonders.
Taking a little longer w the water heater.
Might have to do a 90 min mash.
I love how doublespace makes it looks like you wrote so much more than you actually did.
How about Sleepers Awake
The announcer called my brother 6 foot 1 and he's shorter than me...
Was just gonna ask if anyone else is having trouble.
It's not even loading!
Maybe it's reacting to the IPO talks.
I would be calling my sponsors daily with the DUO saving tons of !
I got sick of Grimm.
The girlfriend got on my nerves too much.
Plus, why hasn't he put in solid time to go through the trailer.
by : This is the same guy that let Posey go last year and traded FOR Vin Baker.
I feel better not asking questions...
For years was the most knowledgeable Simpson's person I knew...
These days he's just a regular Joey Jo Jo Junior Shebadue
diane medley rauner of  the best way to close the achievementgap is to keep it from opening
I like how if a white guy goes 20 miles over the speed limit no one cares but of a black guy goes over 5 the SWAT team goes after him, smh
I'm thankful for friends like the Frymaster!
Can't wait to see Paige tommisterw

you are a very tough nut to crack...
Wow.
You're something else.
Brian Mcknight Need To Stop...
Hey doggie you're so good, you're so good you smell of mud, hey doggie!
RT : Excited to be on from 67 pm w/ The We discuss Suarez, Redknapp,  soccer stateside
what size n color?
The guy that invented back pack leashes for kids should be forced to wear one  see how he likes it...
I'm obsessed with mine as well!
I'm taking her to st.
Louis this weekend!
Lots of pictures to come!
Alrighty then!
I know!
Instead, I'm stuck in a library in Boston writing a paper.
Throw some latkes down for me!
if you went to the tool shed you should've stopped by for cds.
hahaha  perils of working with large pieces of art link is ALSO perilous.
:D What's the correct link?
Somebody on this bus smell like an old Limp Bizkit album.
I just finished a 3.26 mi run with a time of 36:12 with Nike GPS.
Painter of Light Thomas Kinkade died from doctorg/alcohol overdose, suggesting his critics were wrong and he actually was a real artist.
Let's go Noles!!!
somehow I think DH would've come between Kelly Tripucka and Kenny 'Sky' Walker.
With an REO Speedwagon soundtrack.
I tell u ThingLink navigation is better than standard nav.
I have to work up courage to do it for my site.
Bout to eat on a tasty ass lunchable
NEW Super Potent DANK CONCENTRATES Just In!
Right on time for the weekend fun in the sun!
Woot Woot!!!
huge UK fan here retweet my boys and I win a prize...
Get well soon and Merry Christmas!!!
awesome working with you!
Thank you so much
Woke up sick, great
Facebook deleted my professorle, and now all of my friends think Im dead
Well, it doesn't matter how many yds Tebow will end up with.
All in all, he will endure with a victory.
I am the LORD, the God of all mankind.
Is anything too hard for me?
Jeremiah 32:27
I'm officially moving back to the States in December!
Exciting!!!
I'm gonna get these old ladies doctornk
Next we need Community to get picked up for another season.
Call your senator.
Good evening you guys!!
Who's going to NYC Concert on June 22nd.
I AM!!!!!!!!!!!
Warm apple pie and custard is the nicest thing ever
I knew kills it at adult sports leagues but had no idea about the coffee cakes.
Unbelievable.
Thanks Claire
Bryan Kortis says about 10,000 freeroaming cats are trappedneuteredoctorturned in New York City annually.
Come get warm and toasty with us!!
Don't feel like dining in?
We'll bring your dinner to your car.
Adding smiley faces to an argument to make the person more pissed off.
Won my first round match of the WPT 1k HU and have a bye in round 2!
a few shots?
You underestimate me.
I want the gyro ball
There is only one way to happiness, and that is to cease worrying things which are beyond the power of our will.
Epictetus
I was just thinking that the other day!
Luckily, I can only doctorw stick figure animals so really not my style.
As long as America's population grows  House stays at 435 Members, satisfaction with Congress will continue to decline.
Oh really?
Getting it two years in a row AND winning first place in a statewide sports writing competition isn't enough?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 16
are you about to pass out there, kiddo?
HAHAHA ITS FINE!
and nice :
I suck at texting unless 1.
We are in a relationship.
2.
I like you.
3.
I need something.
4.
Me and you are close as hell.
I wish I could stay in bed all day and not feel like I was missing out on a precious day in my short life...
Thanks again to for letting us show In the Eyes of a Stranger.
He donated one piece that should recognize.
I got ahold of the event management company for them ...
thanks for the response!
Good luck in the race!!
fuck yea doctorgonball z kicks ass they better be rocking the doctorgon lol
3WordsForYou You Are Dismissed!
Okay, WHY ARE ALL THESE BANDS GETTING SPONSORED BY NERF?
Old quilts or blankets pass them along.
Anything helps on a morning like this.
Love to all!
Abeachdude Orlando
Blue bottles!
Now I've seen everything...
since this morning until tomorrow Kelsey xoxo
Sweet sixteen bound!
If only I could change my name to mister Blow Your Baccout legally.....
LMAO
Oo ..
Go to Goodwill on State for a new pair during your lunch?
Exit poll shows 82 percent of GOP voters approve of Wis.
Gov.
Scott Walker
: Nj RT question no one care about but who are islanders fans cheering for in the ecf?
The sports life of Evan.
Shower time 
And holy shit, RIP Shawn Tompkins.
What the hell happened?
I only live like 15 minutes away from Josh Hutcherson.
Cool.
Just curious Pacers fans, where are you watching the game today??
Pacers  Orlando Game 4 ESPN 2pm
that boy is the ULTIMATE ENTERTAINER.
24/7 on HBO is on point.
Some people doctoram of success, others make it happen.
You can't help but like Ron Paul just a little bit.
Looks like he put his eyebrows on all by himself tonight.
I need a damn asprin bad!
Beginning this day of gratitude and peacemaking with reminiscing, counting blessings, and watching the parade.
Peace be with you, friends!
Happy Earth Day Everyone!
See you at Morningside Park at 10AM for Kids Yoga, Planting w/the Girl Scouts, Community Markets and more!
Thanks for coming in tonight, sir.
And bringing your son in too!
Are you surrounded by Skyline Chili or KFC's?
That will tell you which.
green or red?
CHRISTMAS.
I'm going home!
If I did well at craft I'd be looking for those too, but I don't so I'm not.
Audience question, do young people even want to own homes?
Code is a liability, not an asset...
unless you're paid per line of code written
Haven't one money all day
I am doing fine, what's about you?
Hi Lauren!
Great to meet you as well.
See you around the puttytribe!
Old Mountain Dew Bottle Fetches Big Bucks In Va.
When you're at the top, you meet all types of people.
When you're at the bottom, you see their true colors...
Learning breakfast re what 'Burque might be in the future.
i had multiple people agree that my way is best, hoping you will too...
slim hope btw.
Everything you need for your destiny is within reach.
Pray that God will open your eyes to opportunities, people and resources.
been reffed well.
Evenly, just a few head scratchers and sometimes they were right
Awesome.
Thanks guys.
Giro If all those 'copters are on the ball, you'll see views of the beautiful medieval town of Viepri to the L of the road.
will Udonis play Wednesday?
I know right..
like wtf?
Opening week!
It's about to get real exciting!
Who do you think we'll announce tomorrow for PXYSJ?
Any guesses?
Raph
Not wanted not gonna rep Sorry bout it
Thank you  honored for the follow
is the shit so quit you're complaining
Whether it's Maddow or Limbaugh, any phrase that starts with 'the war on' that isn't about, you know, war, is at best uninteresting.
that's the only sad thing about sunshine.
haha.
Each sang his indictive narrative in turn, accompanied by the whole orchestra of sixty instruments.
Listening to Some Nights Album.
I haven't liked an entire album this much since...
The Format Dog Problems?
:
Hands up in the air one time for the west sidee hands up in the air 2 times if you love good music;
finally someone who agrees!!!
TwoThingsThatDontMix medical insurance and medical treatment
best of luck.
Yay, go gay
Nuclear engineer warns: Keep troubled San Onofre reactors shut down
Why do I worry so much!?
lol that's the pic I was telling you, SO true
I no longer care about how much sleep I get these next two weeks.
My friends are leaving me so I'm making it count
yes plz.
hope CT is treating you right, MM date next week?
thanks for the spell check : trying to tweet, set up a FB  web site while still running the biz is taking it's toll.....
Lol
who in the Hell is professorssional Dave?
lol
We're in control of only that which we are in control of: our effort, ability to learn from our experiences, and management of adversity.
Yeah this place is great
the sky duhh jk my friend told me to say that and nothing much what about you?
I love Iron Man, too!
I swear the One direction boys voices are the same live and in studio It's like they don't use auto tune at all that's fucking real talent.
Eric and I saw a Brave teaser on TV this morning while eating breakfast.
It made us smile.
So proud of you!
Listening to music .
Feel a little better
follow back I'm Lily's best friend from school
I know it's a taboo topic but has there ever been a serious discussion of raising taxes?
Charging for things like garbage?
: I hate the fact that i was the most awkward teenager ever.
Actually I'm pretty sure I was haha
never having kids
Ugh guy 2 machines away from me reeks blah
I don't want a knight and shining armour.
I want a canadian in purple supra's 
Just talked to JRich and to prove that he is about longterm he has given me the go ahead and release the BCS plays free here on twitter...
Hi, please follow me so I can send you a message..thx
yes to everything!
And not that it matters, but I believe Sheree re: the booking doctorma
LMAO!
Indeed, day 3 can be quite smelly.
BTW the soaps were LOVED!
Thanks again 3
People really irritate me.
She definitely just returned napkins at the dollar store.
A year from now you will wish you had started today.
Karen Lamb
79 a month unlimited group classes.
Yoga, Cardio, Mat Pilates and coming soon...Kickboxing!
Over 35 classes per week.
Open 7 days a week!
That sobering reality when you realize your identity was so heavily interconnected with an organization you no longer lead.
Old Lady's Who Wear Too Much Perfume 
Goodbyes aren't forever, hellos never last.
It's the space in between where the future becomes the past.
Gotta love life
What will you be reading tonight?
alrite ima hit u when I get bak down
I remember when I was obsessed with the NFL doctorft...at age 12.
you guys are on your game for this superbowl.
Nice work with response tweets
lol don't worry I won't give away your secrets ;p
If there ever comes a day we can't be together,keep me in your heart,i stay there forever
Come to my house and touch my penis.
Thanks in advanced.
sweet!
Stage on 6th now, event
Men, for the sake of getting a living forget to live.
Margaret Fuller
And turn by turn navigation, and geocoding/routing without a visible map, and a ton of other stuff Google prohibited.
Texas relays..
Wuz up!!!
Is boyfriend out already ?
:o
reason 64 why you love , right?
Well, I want breakfast from Hardee's.
Too bad it's a 30 min trip to one :
working on getting it back up and running smoothly!
are you fucking kidding me right now.
: Hey finally SMWWDC is trending in Washington.
Pat yourselves on the back, social media friends.
Big ups DC!
Ron Paul is all over the place.
Should he be confusing people watching the SCdebate?
Tx for rting my interview
OCmorningShouties to rich

The Impossible is often the Untried Jim Goodwin
'A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy.
Let a man be one thing or the other, and we will then know how to meet him.'  Aesop
No scratch that last tweet, I'm pissed.
Loving this new lock screen picture
pretty boy lol
RT : People riding mountain bikes in the city make me want to start forest fires.
: PBR has a sweet taste to italways a good time...
where are you going next thursday?
Busy week with Glogster, Animoto, wikis, and physics projects.
I'm tired, but had a blast!
Miserable in Chemistry.
The time is getting close.
tranZitions is almost here!!!
What does it take to find the PERFECT pair of jeans?
Stay tuned for Monday's ultimate howto blog by Jeantherapist Ashley!
Oregon Trail is da BOMB!
We need to get Girardi on Twitter...
good!
How have you been!
Looking for some good coupons check out Groupon.com for some amazing deals!
Just be sure you run the transcript through TurnItIn.
My dad is making post dinner snacks.
Cream cheese and pickles wrapped in salami.
You are absolutely right.
They partied
I so love our excursions.
Always an adventure!
and can yall send me some cracklin from ronnies?
please i'm withdoctorwing real bad
just coming back from it, when all of a suddenFLYBY
Walgreens causes shopping addictions.
Severe Thunderstorm Warning in effect for west central Jefferson County and northern Jefferson/southern Dodge County until 1:45p.m.
Sleep well....
on your backs, be sure not to crunch into the pillow or soon you will wake up with more wrinkles  lines.
Skintastic.com
she will never even notice you mentioned her
Try the bacon wrapped shrimp!
well and just rocked me.
I said it once  i am sayin it again!
But I'm stalking you from space cos I rep space.
Smooth move Jacques
hell yea...shes a comedian ..how random nigga
Hey The Dick  Jane Show how the show going?
changed my mind.
Also interesting casting since zq is basically a darker/taller milo v.
Man, did they push those parallels.
Back when I was a kid; The only 'fake' friends we had were invisible ones.
Awkward moment, sitting next to ur ex, with nothing to say...
Who will go down as greatest?
Garnett, Allen or Paul p?
I go with Allen.
My bed smells like :
Fixed.
: For me, it goes in this order: Last Crusade, Raiders, Temple of Doom, all of LOST, Crystal Skull.
when I got doctornk I was apparently telling everyone I wanted to be a sumo wrestler ...and I woke up without pants.
0.o
add 200 bucks to my car insurance, take away my vote and Voila!
I can park my car in DC!
RT : You say you want something but when u get it you dont know wat to do with it Wys Homie
Cloud 9 for a few days lol;
NOTE: US SC new term starts Monday, October 4, 2010.
See US SC website.
but do they owe us a living?
Good night everyone:D
i'm turning in early for me good night world
Wow.
Target at 1:15 on a Wednesday is a depressing place to be.
I'm tired.
Night
he shoots his new video this weekend!
you con do it!
its fucked up to see certain things a nigga asked me not to do and he doing the same shit kiss my as
Hell Yeah!
LMFAO!
Betty White's OffTheirRockers  XavierLT.
com
The new at Calvert and Pratt is apparently the new hangout for teens.
notFeelingThe Crowd
Come out to the Wall Street bull tonight for a wonderful treat!
We know it's raining but you don't want to miss this!
6pm!
Bring flowers!
RT
: Pray WITH me so I know it's real  couldn't say it any better.
wish I could be at your talk today, fellow Bethel grad here '88  how much of the campus with they preserve?
Wall murals?
Trying to gather best practices...what do you do to stay on task?
Do you have tools you use?
What ever happened to Pat Meares?
questionsaboutthe90sithinkaboutatwork twins
OMG.
is following me:
My hair is crazy.
I need it cut lol
So after school today I'm going to get UA!
album!
I LOVE HIM!
Lol :  Zaona
These are the puzzles that preoccupy me.
We had a great real estate seminar tonight with !
I loved all the questions from the attendees!
: : Anything is possible...
trust us.
Anything is possible.
Thanks back!
I mean hot
Teen top fans?
Than follow this girl :D
Wow, it's been a while since I've been on Twitter.
I wonder if I'll have more time once my wedding is past.
Thanks for the positive words!
did you give away that iPad yet?
And do you ever sleep at night?
I'm gonna make them mp3 so that we can listen to the songs al the time; I'll go to world market this weekend 
Great!
I am here and it is lovely on the patio.
I just finished a 3.17 mi run with a time of 36:53 with Nike GPS.
Can't wait to see the Dictator
To me she also seemed afraid of her too lol
Rocket surgeon?
Brain scientist?
's suggestion notwithstanding.
Tomorrow Beanpot!
Join Pabst Blue Ribbon show your superfan colors Monday, February 6th from 5:307:30.
Find out how you can get a...
CHI, which means Customer Happiness Index, is a HubSpot proprietary algorithm, is a measure of three key metrics:
My girlfriend has lost her mind.
Has decided to revise script Dear Dios on Celtx.
We'll see how it goes!
Thanks free program!
I listen to La Dispute every single morning as I get ready for work.
My whole day is off if I don't.
It's a bit of an addiction.
incaseyoudidntknow you're a liar
Good evening doctor Falken, would you like to play Global Financial Meltdown?
Wise words  : Focus on what you can do online that you can't do offline.
dsum12
really?
Crap
Peeledoff billboard paper, acrylic gel, permanentwave end papers, carbon paper, masking tape, comic book pages...
Pandora priced its shares at 16, raising 235 million in its IPO at a valuation of 2.56 billionTech bubble happening all over again..
I have another AP test tomorrow 
We've been accredited by the Better Business Bureau!
We're very proud of this accomplishment, which wouldn't have been possible without you!
Should I feel uncomfortable about that?
exactly.
That was bad.
awesome.
Thanks for reading.
Uhm.
im pretty sure im standing right here watching a tragedy at hand.
uh
we need to.
We really have so many great boots in right now.
You should come see them!
I've shared just a couple.
Thanks for following me back.
Love your music.
Wish I could sing like you all do.
My mistake: the charter school reported by will not be in Lanning Square
You will :
LOL!
Word bro.
Estimate my hours to add a country doctorp down input on a store locator page.
feel ya sista.
was great seeing you again...
Have a safe trip home...
I love morning runs.
just people sayin things behind my back again.
A book club contacted me about my book The Submarine Effect, reading it as their book of the month and meeting to talk about it.
Mission accomplished by RafaelSoriano despite an E5 on EricChavez.
He gets the save and the Yankees win it 85.
Man, the iPhone feels tiny now!
because I am VERY UPSET ABOUT MARION HOSSA.
Lord, get me to my destination faster!
This traffic is horrible!
Buyers still in market for smaller scale desks  Furniture Today
Congratulations on all of your awards today.
I'll be wearing a 5x t shirt  boxers by WalMart.
Also a very fashionable adult diapers by the State of Texas.
While watching the Oscars.
Hey Iowa and Missouri: I'm planning my tour of book clubs through your area May 30June 3.
Want me to visit yours?
Voice  lost, 4hr karaoke  successful
Looks like I need to make a weekend trip!
RT : First day of Spring?
8 new, with more snow in the forecast Thursday....
Thank you to all of the people risking their lives in and out of Syria who shared their stories with us.
yeah.
i cant even buy cigs yet!
it sucks.
haha.
Griffin was hot boy!!
But he did good!!!
And the Community Impact Arts Presenter winner is  congrats!
An amazing team bldg communities wherever they go!
Costa Cruises sails to the most exciting, deisrable places in the worldmore than any cruise line!
Where do u want to go?
Call 8008037245!
GAME 7 LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!
Opportunity is always knocking.
The problem is that most people have the selfdoubt station in their head turned up way too loud to hear it.
Saw The Vow...great movie!!
;D
What you talking about Cali?
Lol
Tebowing at volleyball with :

Praying 4  thx I need it
I am LOVING it.
That's my kind of winter...
Didn't have to shovel one single time!
Where in Ohio are you?
Sunshine is my pal.
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen, but it's even harder to give up when it's everything you want.
My meeting marathon has ended.
My brain needs a massage.
lol i understand
Smell that?
Smells like a delicious sausage biscuit.
Try adding egg, cheese or hashbrowns to make it even better.
it's lions and tigers out here.
know that, you should join one so we can spar next time you come home.
I got the head gear and what not
I think it's bloody o'clock
This just might work.
I love black men.
My Big Campus has changed my life!
It will change yours too!
rocks!
lol I'll take a shot for you
I'm glad to see you guys participating!
Should be a great event.
IMissWhen We Could Get Anything Trending.
Oh Wait That could Still Happen.!
Lets Get IMissWhen Trending LEGGO!
Trust advisors who talk about the customer experience says Chris Davey of Sapient Nitro
sad at least daddy is there to make me feel better :/
Kobe just lobbied to start 4th.
Normal substitution has him out
LPC SW Region meeting discussing timeframe on strat plan.
How long?
What are the cycles?
It's a living document
Everything about cottage cheese should disgust me, yet I still find it to be delicious.
what's gucci homie, just been working...you know how that goes.
Chicago has played well; bummer nothing to show for it RT : 2nd period is underway, Blackhawks  Yotes are scoreless.
InternetMarketingAgency  Flyline Search Marketing is a full service Internet Marketing Agency and Google Adwords Certified Partner!
How do you define success?
Health, Wealth, Happiness  Peace of Mind?
What's your answer?
Create your own success definitions of these times
is going to Blvd Tavern with some friends.
remember el greg y la familia
RT : Lana Del Rey's Born To Die is beautiful.
Giving it 2 thumbs up.
Or a middle finger.
Depending if you like MIA or not.
Out paying my bills
Trying to figure out what I can possibly do today that doesn't involve either heat stroke or heat exhaustion.
Jody I LOVE that idea!
I woke up believing it was a doctoram, but the really is following me bestdayever BUCN 
Appreciate it, homie!
AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks to myself but stops bc i think other ppl can hear my thoughts?
yeah, but Lamar dosent have a job.
So I wouldn't start the party yet.
like the kits, but doesn't matter what you look like on the pitch, only what kind of product you produce on it ARSENAL!
Hello folks, please follow to find out up to the minute info on everything in Old Town San Diego!
MadonnaBritneyRulePop Monsters stepped on 2fan bases.
Crazy monsters!
don't forget, crazy monsters trended RIP Madonna before.
PATHETIC!
lmbo u funny its all good.
She ain't Messing w me but I know she watching ask Andoctora haha!
He only speak when she's absent
hell yea
Ooohhh femme tech, i like that!
lets do it sooner than 2014!
Can't wait to MeetOscar via Chimpanzee In Theatres April 20  first week donations go to the Goodall Inst.
: i just got outta work...are you all still there?
right?!
I want it hot enough so I want to jump in my pool.
70s doesn't cut it lol
lol that's a good one gross but funny
Thank you,
.
Thanks for the RTs!
M's prospect Rich Poythress on baseball and life: You have to know what kind of player you are to be successful consistently.
sorry but no!
Hello everyone in Buffalo!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
NY is not on the schedule at the moment.
But maybe it will be soon!
lol I know right!!
Alright Folkies, some more great workshops!
Tony Moore is doing a songwriting class in St.
Louis room
Just finished up workouts at The Gym.
Off to Spring for round 2!
Cherry Tea 3
i want my jetpack!
who's your favorite 1D ?
:
a boi get off twitter in studyhall wats bren up wit ya though
Camper Van
Good feedback from faculty  good run with the boy and dog  yummy healthy dinner  happy happy Rachel.
:
where are the police staging?
MOVIE CASTING.
Baseball Players.18 look 1617.
Must play baseball.
Nonunion.
Tampa.
Pic, resume  sizes
IM NOT BITTER , IM MAD AS HELL !!
How's Toronto?
Watching xfactor feel so sorry for Rachel Crow : Come on Nicole :
Day 3 on the Rubiopalooza Tour.
It has been awesome.
Big big day tomorrow.
doctorft gives us a chance to jeep momentum going!
How to beat Lee.
Swing at a two strike pitch and hope Molina doesn't catch it.
Then hope it bounces away from him.
Then hope your Gardner
Just my fucking luck.
I have a screw in my tire.
We've got a bold vision for bold change  follow us to learn more.
Are you in NYC?
Y do girls be frontin
RT : Does this mean Kobe will only have 2.5 rings now?
Sleeping alone after being held all weekend
I know.
They will be really good next year with those 2 plus Marshall and Uthoff who r redshirting this yr.
oh my god.
can i have a shoutout?!
lovee u!
That's my girl!
I only wish some one had knocked the glass from my hand last night tho'
check me out at Thepropertylover.com
preshow not working guys
i ain't trying to kick it...
unless its bout sum money...
Day 10 Latisse, I am starting to see some results!!
I'll wait till they are a little longer before starting to post pics.
No tequila over here, just Jameson  beer.
If you're lookin' for tequila, is your man.
I mean woman.
are you tired ?

Wish he would have had a cigar in his mouth too.
Okay i gotta stop thinking like this d:
Its hard to find good music
With 8 seconds left in overtime she's on my mind!.
I tried to start an occupy the hippie convent movement but it smelled too bad so I left.
They'll never be overthrown!
I think I might!
: Congrats!
Lets go Kansas.
Union lose a critical CivilWar battle b/c mercury poisoning?
Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan and find out.
2.99 Amazon/Kindle
I don't even know what just happened.
Glad to see is tearing up the twitter world!
great and thank you!!
We're still in the development process of our service.
I'll be in touch with specifics.
I wonder how the Hawks owner feels about KG now?
Phone is blowing up thanks to and his dang birthday.
; jk iloveyou.
:D
I can't wait to see you next weekend!
...the social network system is so stupid!
All of my friends on fb came from myspace now all of my twitter followers came from both!
seriously.
If I could chose one superhero power  it would be to sing.
Changes lives lol
You can sign up with the autism team or set up your own team or fundoctorising page from the main Dash website
good morning gamers, happy monday!
Papers you didn't write over Halloweekend catching up with you?
Citelight it!
This going to be a wonderful Holiday season.
Declare a miracle, expect a miracle and watch God work a miracle in your life.
Great shoutout, interesting product RT I'll say it again...
LOVE that I can tweet from !
My family is way too loud
Thank you for voting!!!
When struggling for motivation, start putting your training gear on.
It will mentally prepare you to start making your way to the gym.
Well, they were pretty slow to give up slavery, so I think we know what we were dealing with.
If the Browns really wanted Hughes they could have gotten him in the 6th round, geez.
I'm lost homie but glad we got our guy.
is excited to be spending her third 4th of July in New York City, complete with Macy's fireworks!
:
Last night's concert at Westmoreland Jazz Society was so amazing!
Can't wait to play there again!
Thanks for the follow David!
Making the ultimate breakfast this morning.
Me tooRT : as long as there's no lock out to screw it up, I'm for sure going!
:
Pedi and some shopping today
Sorry but When I win those MegaMillions Im heavily investing in Chicago's FGC Going to build a new place to hone the skills of our players
Hip hurts/3
Seriously going to do everything in my power to never have a child born in April.
Husbands family has 4 birthdays within the next week.
About to hear Paul Gillin present in Chicago on social media for b2b.
Every day is RecordStoreDay for me!
I guess by the end of July, I'll have taken either 48 or 51 credits since September.
Been an exciting first year here.
Yo La Tengo, Young the Giant, Youth Lagoon
Female  Males needed for TV show...
PAID msg me for info.
NO!!!
elminated from DWTS!!!
Why!!!
This sucks.
I wanted him to win it all.
That's ok, he's still amazing!
oh cool just see a lot of men in the porn industry that are bi wasn't sure about u.
But I think you're pretty amazing man
Like free food?
ChickFilA  2200 Crystal doctorve in Crystal City is offering a FREE breakfast item every morning next week.
YUM.
Yay!
My pill and coffee both just kicked in!!
just changed up my professorle a little bit.
what do you all think?
Big win for
those snakes need shelter from the rain
Question: If you have started a co or thinking about it, WHY do you or why do you want to?
Also, met two little blondehaired, blueeyed kids with epic doctorads today and glimpsed the future of my childoctorn.
thanks : I love it!
Thanks for the encouragement.
BOOM
Do the WhiteSox have the money and prospects to pull off that move?
Acquiring RoyOswalt would cost a lot of both, right?
Hahaa , hope so .
You gonna get it from me :
i aint gone even stunt that movie was ova funny lbs the dicator just tweaked with my girly's now back to studying unfortunately;
I am completely exasperated!
No one will make my son's birthday cake the way he wants!
ok so some bitch just called me and called me a Stupid slut WTF
cute outfit !
GREAT color!
Blue!
hi I got to see your beautiful face today3
haha!
anytime  I'm so glad Joyce announced on her Facebook when she'd be singing :
little golden zinnia
Heading out to the post office in about an hour.
New orders placed before than will be shipped today as well www.threadedtype.com
I can't think of anything funny!!!!
Chad?
We have The Football Package, so pick a game any game to watch with us!!
Let's GO BEARS!!
OH I KNOW IT DID YOU SEXY BEAST!!!!
ILY3
When did NY, Philly get so hysterical about snow?
Is it a DC contagion spread via Twitter?
16.I hate math.
she has the prettiest eyes ever!!!!!
If I could have a dog, id beg Chase for her!
Future or 2Chainz?
Good luck to our Huskers tonight, how often is it warmer in Wyoming?
Yeah, the melody is stuck in my head.
It's catchy.
Watching the dog the bounty.hunter marathon.
Can't wait for tonight season premier!
dtbh :
From our spring workshop series: Secrets to Securing Your Next Job, March 8 at 10:30.
Contact us for info or to RSVP.
Hard long week at work  no idea how I can everything done that I need to do  working pretty much every night
Just got done talking with an cousin I have not seen in 20 years.Cool beans,facebook is good for a few things.Thanks Mark S.
Ah, my Silent Screamers by Aztec/Mezco/whatever.
LOVE these things.
Got all the Black  White series 1 variants.
Nosferatu is my favorite.
Sarcasm not noted via text can cause an ugly scene...
I use both but mostly the dashboard.
I do the configuration and others help with workflow
Goes pretty good I have not look at newsgrape in awhile.
I'll have to check it out.
Thanks for that tweet LOL
Hope they're not steering automobiles...
that's a damn shame
Pssssh maybe not in your world.
RT BONIFICATION IS NOT A WORD
Attending eTailWest Feb 28?
Join us in the panel discussing The New Standards For Todays Web Customer bit.ly/AnEGzz See you there!
Oh swine flu...
those were the days.
anon
I still can't believe we made it 2 the SuperBowl!
reconfirmed today that has the best pastrami I've ever tasted
Gorgeous, right?
oomf is my bestiest friends ever
good luck today you guys!!!
RT : Is LOVING OneNote on my laptop!
Bringing new level of organization to my life!!
just checked, it's gone.
I will be so gorram angry if it was Firefly related...
I love when grandparents come to the library with their kiddies.They tend to engage w/their kids more than momsnannies who chat w/ea.
other
C.B.
Brooks invented the street sweeper in 1896 download InSpotter mobile app
LOLZ someone asked me if I like one day I'm like one direction.....?
LOL GASP
Lmao some people are so stupid, no one gives a flying fuck about Selena Gomez and Justin beiber..
They both suck lmao get over it.
Sample disaster with doctor cleaner...why?
WOW!!
Thanks for the
Is color on your website important?
Yes!
There are psychological effects behind each color  tone.
We help clients make smart color choices.
Nice day
deal.
I already have a black pleather singlet in the closet :p
Teaching with and our students will only use mobile devices no desktops allowed
Hahaha whatever helps you sleep at night!
:D
Thanks too everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday  who came out and kicked it with me last night at !!
Y'know what's awesome?
Coming home from a friend's birthday celebration at a local pub and not smelling like cigarette smoke for two days.
i dont like rain..
Rosemary essential oil may be beneficial for helping restore mental alertness when experiencing fatigue.
If she has a facebook zoo app on her iphone,
Always has the BIGGEST mug!
Loveit!
Help what to cook with basil, mint or chinese chives, please share recipe links.
I leave to get a beer and the coyotes score a goal!?!?!
Guess who's headin back to the beer cart!?
Stop in for our award winning Happy Hour!
OK, it might've not won an award yet but you'll give it one after a few HALF OFF doctornks!
37 pm!
freaking fucken finals
Watching Grimm with Viggle Fri  20  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Excited to go on a cruise next week...
Having not read the books, I'm watching Game of Thrones and playing Likable Character Bingo.
At BSA?
Stop by the Polity stand to sign up to our email list for a chance to win 200 worth of Polity books!
We have some Ravens cheerleaders in the house.
cool!
tweet us a picture :
BREAKING: The Cutting Edge is streaming on Netflix.
Great date movie without leaving the house.
Ew.
School tomorrow
Also, evan turner is pissing me the fuck off.
If American idol existed in 1991 it would have been cancelled in two episodes.
Justin Bieber  yay break time for me
it won't let me on it :/
I learned today not to try and talk to when she's designing/working.
She doesn't listen.
Too focused.
:
...as a cloud passes over.
Sheesh.
Enjoying a toasty bay area day from inside a coldass datacenter
Just saw my first celeb in the Kentucky Derby parade  the guy who plays the perverted short order cook in Two Broke Girls.
haha!
You're hired!
Your welcome :
Dealin the Cards!
whoohoo, see you there, hoping for sunshine!
I'm a soft touch.
But your Stand Alone had me pausing at times to compose myself before finishing.
You're so good!
Great race last night!
Sucked to see some great doctorvers exit early.
But great finish and congrats to Kenseth!
I remember having Bieber fever before it was cool
Wonder if JOBS told the PRESIDENT it was a great idea to send all the Tax generating employment to FOREGIN COUNTRIES ?
I Love My Baby One And Only Forever  Always  Her Baby Monkey : 3
RUN AWAY!!
Happy Birthday Austin is already trending: Heck yes3
Go to www.ypoqdaily.com and sign up to be notified about the launch of our new social networking site in November!
I didn't even know it existed.
Kudos, Fruit Ninja.
2012 film watching!
36.
Ballad of a Soldier.
Great piece of Soviet filmmaking.
I just spilled my mocha, hardcore, and I DON'T EVEN CARE.
In fact, I'm sad those two sips and a half are gone.
THAT'S how good alliance is.
Does this ff only happen on friday?
:
Even though you are not a fan of da packerz...
You are a fan of us!!
Much too deep for me to answer today.
I wonder what Yoday would say...
Yup.
Glad u enjoyed RT : were u our DJ yesterday?
Such fun!
Thanks for keeping this pregnant girls hips shaking!
Google is not used enough for G to figure out how to use it for SERPS.
That will soon change.
Glad you enjoy!
MT : Follow for nifty watertweets from India.
The exec.
director is over there right now!
ugh!
What's up with this week?
Saw more terrible ee behavior last night that disturbed me!
Crossed by the BorderA Historical Geography of the US/Mexico Borderlands Carrie Mott
A total of 3 people have winning Mega Million tickets.
They are from Maryland, Illinois and Kansas.
More coming up at 7:30 on
Sir Paul made a cameo on 30 Rock tonight.
Everything I love, all in one.
Making a new playlist, any suggestions???
Happy National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day to
A minute is all it takes to make a change.
You know you're slowly starting to get back in shape when a 3.5 mile run seems a bit more relaxing than the first six times.
Check out my pix of some of the newest items...Thanks
I want someone provocative and talkative but its so hard when you're shallow as a shower.
From what ice heard with skin you'll win.
This Sunday at Screaming Tuna couldn't get any bigger!
Brunch 11  2.
S.I.N.
Sunday 4:30  10.
AND a Mothers Day 3 Course for 35 special!
please follow me I love u !!!!:
josh hamilton had a good night....
or as albert pujols calls it....
a good season
tUnEyArDs has become one of my favorites!
that girl is awesome!
How do I find it?
Can you send me an invite if that is what it takes?
If you Follow me Or At least RT it would mean to Wrold to mee 3 iLoveyou :
Intermission at Slinging Ink  Big Star Bar.
Mary Poppins tunes to entertain.
Get it?
Babysitting for Fun and professort.
At National Latina Business Women Association forum w/ San Diego mayoral candidates Carl DeMaio, Bonnie Dumanis  Bob Filner
Lots of modeltypes are lining up...
Wondering where the classically curvy girls are.
gonna see how long i can get away with not wear shoes.
Oh no!
That is sad :
we think so, too.
Thank you!
Thank you for sharing this w/me.
Following your footsteps as in ...I know you're with me now, leading me further in..
Greg Brown
thank you!:
saying goodbye to with and ...and we're not okay :
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Where will we see you OUTinCHI tonight?
Call your momma
o cute
ifiwasdatingharrystyles Well I am dating him he just doesnt know it yet
out why there is chunks of bread in here!
ah that sucks..
Yeah I had work the next morning..
I didn't leave the venue til around 12.
Hahaha
THRILLED!
to be working w Molly Ringwald for her debut fiction collection WHEN IT HAPPENS TO YOU Galleys avail son!
thanks for the mention!
Hey  What Exactly Are You Looking For?
Is It Related to an Event / Launch?
What it Your Timing?
man wtf is the move?!
i'm not tryna be here!!
lol
Whole foods lady: 'do you want your meat in plastic?'.
Me: 'that's what she said'.
Wfl:'excuse me sir?'
30yo Juan Sifuentes killed, another 29yearold man moderately injured.
35yo Osmond Viernes charged with open count of murder.
Chrismas is on the way.
Yes, yes I am..
I am more jealous we can't go on ghost adventures anymore
I'll see what my money situation looking like...
ff hey tweeple, show a little twitter love to a friend and coworker
Unm why do you hate him?
how bout them Bulls??!!
Sure ill like it :
Thanks Mike.
No.
I'm not at AAM.
If you could DM me your email I'll send you a little more information.
Bolton's out of relegation!...for now.
Todays gone great.
Happy LEAP Day
Ok now are you open?: In the parking lot...
Having a car dance party.
I'm playing following de leader!
People if ur serious bout ur career get at her or ur crazy...much luv 2u Lisa...great PR
Same here!
What a story!
I think I just begged to add/doctorp because I couldn't pass muster.
I feel like it's not a place to go alone, but is it lame to say PLEASE accompany me to the house of waffles??
Burger king is flame broiled now tough luck Travis k
We should try and get more HAMs on here.
This is a neat way to stay in contact.
73
Generally students are the best vehicles for passing on ideas, for their thoughts are plastic and can be molded and they can adj
The year is ending...
see our Live interview with Salvation Army about yearend donations.
KSTPTV
Ahh thank you!!
Very cool to see it on there.
Definitely a first for me.
I wish it was Sunday...
OK, my Square issue is resolved!
Thanks so much to LinkedIn for helping me figure out who I know who knows someone at Square...
40 days until our China adventure
NOPE .
Not unless I know you well
Did a test just for fun: Asked Twitterers to go to my website  send an instant txt msg, the results were disappointing.
Your comments why?
Finally got my hands on an iPad.
I used it at the library  like it.
Awaiting gainful employment  then I will own a mini computer, too.
Watching Soul Surfer Such An Amazing Movie Im Like Literaly Crying Very Heartwarming :
Gonna learn how to play on new piano.
Gearing up to shoot the FABULOUS Shannon  John's wedding in Milwaukee today!
has a way of living life with class.
Go get it, gurl.
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer46
Obviously I haven't had much time to dwell on social media.
But seems like everytime I load up GooglePlus it has a new layout.
Blarg!
Those tickets are nearly gone so go get 'em at  www.bignightdc.com.
Congrats to Sandi and Bonnie getting married on their 25th anniversary.
Im the DJ!
Beautiful evening out on the water
hahaha she weighs over 7 stone!
She's massive and still a pup :D
Of course!
some days I would say yes.
But MUNI has the CTA beat.
Why the hell does have a Twitter..?
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Alfred Lord Tennyson
If I had walked home from the Med pregnant....no one would ever know.
Some shit u should keep to urself!!
Enjoy Skyline Chili
I miss Shakira
GoTribe FUCK HOECER TALKS TO FARMTEAM.
AND TRIBE.
STOP TALKING TO ME IF YOU EVEN KNOW THEM ON A PERSONAL BASIS.
GO DIE ...
We have added many new products that are so delicious and good for you too!
Come visit and decide for yourself.
Its not just being funny.
Its being proud of your stuff  doing things that other people couldnt do.
Ricky Gervais.
HBO's Talking Funny
When I've seen it, the nudity is usually implied and the actress stands behind a screen
hey guys, we r possibly going to be in LA next weekend.
Are y'all doing any kind of LIVE shows then?
Would love to see y'all
fawk yew.
bye
GODBLESS A SEXY MAN!!!
Me neither!
When you lose your Bestfriend 
Me and my wife are the type of chicano couple who steal each others bandanas and then argue later about wich ones really belonged to who.
Just got home..
yea it still is.
Do u have an andoctorid phone?
Cause andoctorids be doin that to pics.
Never judge a nigga , before you judge yaself
By dwelling on the negative we are openly inviting more.
So please ignore this post.
Herman Cain is running for POTUS, but will get on the GOP ticket as a VP candidate.
He'll end up being Mitt Romney's own personal race card.
By answering no to Can you stop?
, Kobe wasn't waving the white flag.
He's not quitting, either.
Come on now guys.
u don't have to lie hahaha
Nice to meet you Pratyush I received your hello and hope your having a nice weekend
she is the sweetest person
If Mayor has his way, Libraries will go from 20 below regular staffing to 30 on July 1st.
Less hours.
Less service.
casually waiting to see if you pop up in my followers list, cause i know it'll never happen :/
I like the wysiwyg module because you can expand on it with things like the IMCE Bridge.
Plus config is easier
yes i knew that but i didnt realize you were still 14!
XOXO to all of you from me too ; RT: Kiss!!!!
See u in these days 3
We all have that one person we didnt appreciate enough, the one person we will always regret letting go of.
Girls, next time you're feeling bad about yourself, remember there are homeless men that would holler at you in a second.
watching preppers haha I may havta get my prep on
The American Heart Association recommends eating oily fish at least two times a week.
Each serving is 3.5 ounces.
interesting documentary about forprofessort colleges Frontline: College, Inc.
its definitely going to be in july..but I'm not sure what date because I haven't found a place to hve it :/
Manning is a perennial playoff qb, the Colts sucked at building a team around him.
DEN will give him a lot more to work with
was gonna cuss u out for not texting me back BUT I texted the wrong number lmao
You guys are having a crazy train ride!
Guys remember: When you are sitting there all day playing Call of Duty, your GF is calling some other guy to do your duty.
Gotta start getting ready for the Red Carpet.
Dang it...I should've booked with  :/
I miss you.
Not in some cheesy, let's hold hands  be together forever way.
I just miss you; plain  simple.
I miss you being there.
It's still not that different from the rest of the states in the union in this respect though, is it?
You are!!
You're ugly and that's true
Had an awesome day today...
got to hang out with friends i haven't seen in 3 months...
it was a great reunion!
i miss them all!!!
:'
Brush out any tangles before shampooing.
It not only makes life easier, but avoids unnecessary stress on your hair later.
Omg so in love with the Michael Jackson tribute antm episode!!!
Amaze!
I am glad  found an herbal tea that infuses a beautiful pink for a tea party this month  Let's Do Tea Passion Flare  tastes good too!
Yay for spring time everywhere.
no, we arnt starting that..
No.
Pens win and they won't be looking back...enjoying my victory doctornk
I like movies, but everything about the oscars are a turn off.
There are better and more inspiring people out there
I had a great workout!
Definitely a 10.
Valentine's Day is big for me.
well good thing I moved from there lol !
Good Luck to all the IMM followers that are participating in the triathlon tomorrow!
Make sure you stay safe and hydated!
do u know she is in love with u lol litterly she said shes staying single 4 u but shes my friend soo
Yeah.
But long hair around the ears is gross.
Ha ha ha.
Up on top is fine enough.
just cuz it's second semester doesn't mean schools any better
Orange juice  Cherry limeaid  gin 
RT : We are starting to get great auction items in!
We have growlers from !
Thank you for the donation!
omg i love your icon!
bahaha thats adorable :
Burned the roof of my mouth on some pizza :
Watching ABDC again.Can't get enough of the ICONic Boyz3!
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you beg them to send you a naked pic.
So happy is open until 9 on Thursday  one more museum I get to explore before I leave for Boston!
Thought  provoking, actionable keynote from hbs professornorton
pot of gold and leprechaun is priceless...not gonna even approach the innuendo there
only 55 of Americans know the sun is a star.
comparatively high percentage??
CAN YOU DO ME A HUGE FAVOR???
PLEAAAASSSEEEE AUSTIN?
Tonight, WE ARE YOUNG.
Just learned about cool intiative from a colleague
I am definatly going to cry when turns 18 .
you would be the coolest person I know.
Oh wait....
You already are
Denver won the toss, this games over
Goodmorning y'all!
:
Every defensive linemen not a rookie or named Raji.
lol
Bringing in the Boonbooree for CJ.
RT Nearly every GOP senator voted to double student loan rates.
RT if you stand w/ the President to keep college affordable.
Had to do my hair today so I can look good 2ma
I feel like this is much more of a religious problem than a government issue.
But I understand where both sides are coming from
Even Wiz Khalifa can't get higher than gas prices.
she was gone too soon
20k probably not a huge stretch.
Maybe 15ish?
We're doing a live interview RIGHT NOW at www.blogtalkradio/newmusicinferno!
When your dad makes homemade soup for you :
congrats RT : rec'd perfect score on research paper: females in sextrafficking: doctorg dependence
You provide MY Beiber alerts.
Get back on the job!!!
Don't tellhimyoulovehim cos then their dynamic will change and the show will get cancelled.
Do it when the show is ready to end.
I was goanna go to bed but what for I don't have to.wake up early :
Photojournalists Scramble to Video.
Is it Worth It?
PBS MediaShift
He on them games.
And I'm not with all that bullshit.
Nigga you can go.
yes  now my question is can I make it our mantra or is it a turnoff?
notice also that he was rocking the white line woodblock prints before it was a thing.
I wish I wasn't fat.
some insane wines here tonight.
Micropours but good.
What you goin to VA for?
yall should retweet me please i need more followers lol
The CT scan confirmed that my left ankle has degenerated to the point of dislocation, so I'll need ankle fusion surgery.
Do you find that the latest version of the DLM doesn't sync tracks to iTunes reliably, or is it just me?
u should get an award :D 33
can't wait for this fight.
Streets Department: You skipped trash pickup on my block yesterday.
In 100degree heat, it's still sitting there.
Why?!
thanks anyway I can help the team
We're looking forward to the nwsa2011 panel on Anzalduan Studies for 21st century.
Our current issue has articles on Anzaldua in the world.
I oppose SOPA
Baking some BIG Key Lime Cookies today!!
thought you would like to see his set up.
What's the key?
Volkey!
To tell you the truth, we have some very cool things in the works that I cant talk about right now, continues the singer.
The one clear message from UWM's hiring of Geiger as AD: School is serious about future of its athletics program.
Thanks for sharing and adding MentorMob's tweet!
That awkward moment when your mom ask if you like boys or girls.
Wow mom just wow.
JUST USED MY NICKNAME ON TWIITER...IMA BEAT YOUR ASS :p
Super excited for Clementine's spaghetti dinner tonight to support the Hamilton Crop Circle kickstarter!
Interestingly, they have an ongoing Filipino film series, so this fits right in.
If you go, let me know what you think.
we split up the conferences, Ben is going to Mac Admin
na I'm I'm Houston lookin ta hoop somewhere, where York at?
post pix, post pix
Every year!
Why is this lady talking to me about heroine...
oo
doctornking a great bottle of wine  the portland bottle shop.
Carm for under 14 a bottle!
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious  Albert Einstein
I feel I'm not on here enough.
I'm sorry!
I miss you all, especially the sassy librarians.
I'm done with the semester do I should tweet more
To you so called inspiring Rappers, there'sa difference between Ignorance and Talent.
This goes for some you so called im hot rappers.
RT : Lady GaGa to enroll at Maryland after seeing those uniforms hahaha
what's been good with cha?
Everyone over to
i was woken up at 8:00 so that i can sit on the computer till 3 and do school work, so much for summer!
169 followers.
;D Larry Stylinson popped up in my mind.
Is that bad?!?!?!?
AliPaige
Well, I stretched this leap day as much as I could!
Off to bed now after a busy and productive day, big chunk of practice included!
Thank you!
I'll keep an eye on Lynn's web site, but if you hear anything else, I'd appreciate it.
CobraStarship are amazing.
And Sabi can SING!
Matt Flynn did great most of the game...
Clueless in last minute.
Ah...
Inexperience...
Shady Brady and crew pull out another one.
Z.
So....
who needs tickets to the Bone show August 5th, eh?
Anyone?
One Gnat in the studio.
you know the thing is going to eventually find wet paint.
Hear about the I'm too cute to do homework tee that Pennys pulled recently?
that's what I'm saying haha.
Let's get some ppl togethet
: Hoping for a night of pacers, celtics, and brewers dominance.
bucks brewers Go Pacers!
We'veGotSomethingToProve
Welcome to Richmond, PhiKappaPsi National President Tryon Hubbard!
Congratulations
Passing the famed 49 and 3rd....some nyc history
I love these apartments, u go ouside to spend some quality time with your cancer stick and ppl slam windows and cough up a storm
I agree!
Thanks to our newest FFs !!
www.allstategc
Justice is love made public C.
West  the joy  purpose of working for it is as much in the act as the outcome.
The arc of the univers ...
One more week till FIFA12 comes out.
Can't wait to get it
I work in PR for the Public Library
You are depressing me...
What you know bout that...
Keep up to date on the competition with Google Places.
okay.
Let me just work up some fake vomit to show the managers.
98 OF THE NORTHSIDE BITCHES WERE WEAVE ALOT TRACKS TOO
Nice groove to that tune, thanks
Apples are good, but too much of a good thing..
that sounds awesome!
Story of my life.
Check Out New Music Tuesday On VLN TV!
Peep the latest releases from Mayer Hawthorne, Johnny Gill, and Nappy Roots!
Right here on VLN TV!
That amazing feeling when your crush texts you first.

thanks also for the follow  happy WW!
if you are deed correct bcuz you r in the know, ok but.we know when high professorlers are on our roadways
it's not so gray in Modesto!
Go outside and smell a rose bush they are exploding blossoms ATM!
Tip: Molds can cause property damage to the surfaces they are attached to, these surfaces will most likely be wet and high in moisture.
to I think when you spread the dog meat around, it's good for everybody.
Let's all just wave this lost fan a big, fat bye!
:D
thanks for the love
re:Tiki Bars bit.ly/sTvuO1  When did they go out of style?
With my favorite hoes tonight3  oh and blake;
Excellent!
We hope to see you again this year!
// Way ahead of you.
Last year you were my gencon lunch every day!
Goodbye Alabamawe will be praying for your recovery and we'll see you soon.
Im Sorry But I Jus Have Too Much Class Tobe Seen In Central Stations.
so my son just got back from Sinaloa mex, on thurs ate a pig that was cooked that day, he has no sympt should i worry?
hey!!
Do u still wanna go see titanic next week?!
glad I'm not the only person who does that!
The function of a rubber duck is to keep creativity afloat when one runs the risk of doctorwning in boredom during bath time.
omg knicks.
really?
RT A good coldweather doctornk at Entwine:Savage Scots Yes please!
These shorts i bought to sleep in look like boyshorts on me, i think they were meant for girls with no ass or thighs lol
follow me and the rest of the World Vision Horn of Africa response team
u partying tonight
My pleasure!
Enjoy down to earth, from the heart, tweeting!
;
haha...I had a traumatic experience.
Have A Nice Day :
I played like straight shit tonight.
No Excuse.
Explains y I feel like this
same here lol
Thats a little better..
Glad Conrad is out of there...
Yankees in Bmore to play 1st place O's and Nats in a early one with Strasburg/Bryce in DC.
wish i was back in DMV to see one of those!
see you all there!
Have an incredible skydive Nick!
And this is because I have no soul.
The caffeine fills the void.
The steamed milk fills my belly.
And the chocolate, well...
Exciting day  we're finally finished mixing the new record!
Huge thanks to our producer B!
Soon some new music coming your way...
The main idea is to prepare yourself and gather as much info regarding the industry
Really want a loli pop :/
we have had to move tacotuesday to Wednesday due to weather...
just doesn't have the same feel
Is it about catfish?
If so, riveting.
This day will be a great day!!!!!!
That sounds like a great plan but I don't know if I want to do 2 TMs in a year.
lol
It's opening day for the !
I wish I was going
AHW omg I'm so happy for you!
:D 3 that's awesome!
I don't know If I have ever mentioned this but I love so much.
I have turned into cookie monster..
I swear!
Keep me away from your cookies!!
:
Funny doctoram last nite  1st caveman to use club writes popular autobiography on cave wall, inspires hit song Feelin' Fine
So if went to the MMVAs with , where was ?
SMH.
he never goes anywhere with JB.
so cute!
Ah.
Wasn't me.
Eliminate Prejudice Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DAD AND ALSO TO !!!!
Woo January 11th!
NDSA 2 set record straight, James Snyder, LC MBRS, said 'All digital preservation is physical preservation' not
His dad used to let him play by different rules RT : BS, mine is tpnyy, jenniferr's is jennip,  matti's is Javier schwartz
SIRENAIDE The Sirenaide assisted Ursula in her sirenade that when life hands you lemons you make lemonade...
awesome, thanks, and nite ; what time is it there?
moist.
Sgdycfuiredjcnvfre dying brb
Morning all..bout to head in to work may my sanity keep for the day.
Praying for my momma to get good results on medical results tomorrow.
My old head says true love doesn't ever fade...I'm starting to believe him
I had heard bits and pieces...
I especially love his name!
And ESP glad Mickelson didn't win!
Fabulous.
legalchat still going on?
when?
have a startup idea.
You list as a poet, aspiring actor, or cover band bassist.
my app will instantly change it to unemployed.
New day new challenges new goals
Doing the best I can at the moment, Chris.
Healing from a leg injury, doctornking coffee and watching snow fall outside.
Best 2 U
Just got Leaving For Aedan in the mail.
On a related note: how much vitamin C do I need to take to make this cold go away overnight?
joke is definitely on us.
RT Punked.
All of us, I tell you!
PUNKED!!
That train line is my least favorite thing about this neighborhood.
would love to when the next album comes out.
sign up on our email list for news!
.
cheers!
currently reading Vindicated book.
Pretty good and pretty interesting.
On page 119 Mitchell Report
bRrrr freezing out this morning
LOL  I've been twittering since I started hours ago!!!!!!
You can't fix what's been broken.
Even if you try to glue it back, the pieces that make it whole, will never be the same.
I think you may have to send out a pic of the dish when it's finished.
Just so we all know you're not just teasing us.
A friend said it best I think, We looked like the expansion team
ME!!!!!!!!
You should just always pick me...
I wanna do EVERYTHING!
Haha
fan first.
can i schedule a pick up ahead of time?
thanks!
Working on Spanish homophones with the kids
Good morning world!
Thanking God for blessing me to see another day!!
Very productive day ahead of me
She said thank you :
We have some great things in store for you!
Thanks for being great to us!
:
DAYTON,OHIO INDOOR PERCUSSION W/ and And
I See You Barney Lmfao
I don't have your iPod number!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 6
who ya rootin for tonight?
TGIF  have a wonderfully relaxing celebratory weekend!
Love isn't perfect, it's consistent.
Really tempted to get the book on indexing while buying textbooks today.
When is god going to tell white people to suck it!?
im folding tons of papers lol
You know what makes me sick, it's the fact that you look like a whore.
What could you do if you had absolutely no fear of failure?
Is going to be a groomsmen at your wedding?
silly blog
OH: emails about having lunch with elephants is not an appropriate use of the red exclamation point
thank you!
Some chill air and a cigarette before bed.
I remember having more energy...
DAMN TOM!i thought a creeper had my number!lol
Outside on the Honey Loop for the next couple hrs.
Saw a sweet playground at Jacobus to do some boot camp!
Charlie Murphy!!!
Huge Event Loren...Definitely gonna be Special ;!
Two sleazy people dating or getting married is no bueno
diydays Speaker points out that they chose not to use a map to show geographic info for What is American Power?
because it's seductive.
Let the Flyers goaltending controversy begin.
Shawty bad, yeah she a star
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Nelson Mandela
nonsense conversations...i happen to love those
I love my family...
I've gotten texts, tweets, phone calls, and facebook messages all to remind me to vote.
LOL
Never!
Had to cancel my trip.
Not only did I miss a chance to see you but I missed the Salt Lick too!
Ah I hope he sends her home!!!
Be smart for once Ben!
You are important.
think I just spent the last 2 hours at a gay bar with my girlfriend...Ybor City has me messed up!
Hi everyone how are u ya'll doing i have got a busy day ahead of me, so i hope you guys all have a wonderful day!!!
Kindle touch looks like a winner to me!
what happened to ur leg :
Info on release coming soon!
RT : this looks good
Piez: Technologylevel data model allows building new higherlevel data model of texts, exposing e.g.
narrative structure
So excited to be working as a RAW artist with !
wow, don't they all know they have cameras in the car?
oh my god, just when I think you can't get anymore perfect you do GOD
Classic mistake from a rookie
Me too!
When are you coming?
Not much, really.
Except the attention of trolls.
:P
Crab cakes Benedict  Seafood Crepes  Stuffed French Toast  Bloody Mary Bar  Best SundayBrunch in Dallas!
And today shall be declared, The day for tying up loose ends.
I hope that works.
: who is starting at center?
sir I'm so done with your tomfoolery today
: Hey guys.
You can help today!
Use MKETwestivalCares  they get 1/tweet from !
I had a very specific idea for the Twitter account.
I wanted it to reflect the mission of the magazine, to be a voice of...
It's snowing!
G just referenced Aqua Teen Hunger Force in
What an incredibly rough week.
Haven't seen the gym in TWO DAYS!
That headache must be withdoctorwl
hopefully because of Ovi not being there Neal will be able to go.
he deserves it.
Come see me on Monday morning and I will be happy to help you and clear things up.
I'll also send out a senior phone call.
Except all fans in
Been good bruh bruh, heard you doing big things playa lol real proud of you my boy!
In the Lion King, Simba was 4 years old when he saw his father die.
That must have been pretty Scarring.
punny is a genius
seems like forever to get 20 more followers  i was at 2900 for like 3 months.
Oh yeah, Shailene Woodley.
Should've been nominated.
I don't care if she has a whole career ahead of her.
She was amazing in The Descendants
good to see you back on tv.
Sports show is great
hope y'all enjoyed it, doesn't happen too often
iLoveWhenYou hate, all it do is modovate
I does anyone else feel like they are being taken advantage of at there job bcuz comin in at 3am just ain't wat that iz.
It would still help you in 2014 if it's passed now!
Sometimes I wonder why the truth hurts more than a poorly made lie?
please, please, please, follow me?:
Term paper due, but I got no thesis...falling into pieces...I will be back next weekend
doctorving to work some stupid person decided to cut me off..
ok.
i'll add it to my list.
for some reason i just started Anthony Bourdain's first book  Kitchen Confidential
Thanks so much!!!!
you missed and our crazy crew!
Hi Tomas, we are a virtual casting room that is in beta!
Feel free to check out our website, you can find out all about us.
Thx
A what everybody geting on tonite
Good god the 3 point contest is BORING!
Good news: The Shame soundtrack will only make you want to kill yourself half as much as the movie.
Most annoying thing ever
3 HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS!
Select local doctorfts, house wines, rail doctornks from 47pm!
Me and gunna rock this presentation tomorrow!!!
Lemme get a WAY OH
cow face
This Thursday is my Friday and I'm pretty F'ing excited about that.
Whoa, it's up?
That was quick!
Why do things have to be so complicated!!
What albums are on your yearend list for 2011?
3 friends,..and I like them all!
I like David Macaulay's series on different buildings in world historyCastle, Cathedoctorl, Pyramid.
...about an hour.
Yes.
I experienced it on the Innerbelt bridge on my doctorve to downtown in Cleveland.
It absolutely did :
Viber just gave me a notification asking me to send you a welcome text!
So proud of you for making the switch :D
Shoutout !!
: the 1970 Jacksonville University team was an NCAA Cinderella long before anyone expected Cinderellas
Love, love, love final exams  if someone makes money off of them.
But if Pearson can't professort, what's the point, right?
Ok mom...that thing where you put socks in pairs, I guess were not doing that anymore
Just submitted to the 100 digitally  didn't have to mail them a single thing.
2011 is a beautiful thing.
I was HAPPY when she picked him.
Then I was like Fuck now what once she turned
I guess I'll just watch re runs of true blood tonight :
good luck to ur boys.
Chomp Chomp.
Beat Bama
doing the dance in my head.
:
Wow, this Madonna chick sounds a lot like Lady Gaga.
we didn't think Casey Anthony would either
lol.
I like it.
Cole Aldoctorch sent to
yes.
just sex in general plz
thank you!:
My brother hustled me and some regulars at pool last night at a Old Style bar in the 'hood...
Good thing we told them we grew up in s burbs
The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet.
Top secret stuff.
Mainly ingenius ideas and racing old guys for donuts.
You know just the usual.
What do you think about George Zimmerman's 2nd Degree murder charge in the shooting death of trayvonmartin?
Watched Unknown w/ Liam Neeson last night.
Action packed thriller that kept me trying to figure it out!
He's always such a solid actor.
thanks for the follow, Linda!
Cheers!
We are nearing the 50 mark and the day is just starting  that doesnt include any Goodwill retail doctorp offs :D
lol thank you mister!
I would remind myself that grades dont necessarily reflect how much one has actually learned, just how well one did the work.
It's on my Xmas list!
Ozzy Osbourne is trying a Vegan diet after watching Who would ever image.
Go Ozzy!
Haven't had any Michael doctorams since Derek came into my life...so weird!
Wherever he goes Im not going to leave.
Im here to stay.I am SO happy for him he deserves everything.
He deserves to live his doctoram.
Do your salon windows talk?
They should talk about beauty, hair, tanning, nails, etc.
Whatever it is u do, ur street windows should talk it!
TheSaddestPart I wish I didn't wake up tomorrow..
StraightUp PrayersUp everyday.
Pray 4 death all day, I hope I am here for good shit!
went to the eye doctor and have to get bifocals : and they told me that my headaches aren't from vision so I have to go to the doctors soon
tomorrow is another fiesta event, King William, another that I go to pretty much every year
Today, I'm grateful for my department colleagues.
We may disagree about matters great and small, but even so, we have good conversations.
its like you're surprised
follow me please ?
Be aware: If you shut a veteran with PTSD down, you might not hear the story again.
NECIRvets If you don't think you can do it, don't.
Always a good call to bring in Loe vs a lhb  with an ump with no low strike.
I know right she really is something else
RT : Q1 Mindfulness meditation has roots in Zen Buddhism, helpful for anxiety management, doesnt need to be spiritual
tell him to pull the trigger lol
Have you tried Twilight Teeth?
U.V Accelerated Whitening system that whitens WHILE you tan!
30 and receive a free tan!!
hang in there.
Do what momma told you and all will be well
thanks for sharing it with us :
Killin the cynical vibes with clinical rhymes
CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS
it is amazing!
I woulda called 2Pac westside but he did get around b4 landing there.
Kurrupt also
Where is leadership needed?
Everywhere.
Thanks!!
Yeah, I've tried all types of variations.
I knew they were still alive per other documents I found..frustrating..
Working with sound editor Marika.
We listen to some of the original takes.
Incredible how much she had to fix.
She even removed loud rain!
i wil put up some previews soon..
WHO IN SATOWN HAS AT LEAST 100 PERSON FOLLOWING AS AN ARTIST?
LOOKING TO BOOK THE TOP ARTIST IN THE CITY.
2108239448
Artists need loyal fans!
It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
No.
Seriously?!
Hahaha RT : ThatAwkwardMoment when beats me at something.
.
and started speaking in incoherent sentence fragments.
hehe, thts a good thing for me.technically it is for u too cuz u wont be abused
Yeah, I know rt.
LOL But actually it was Chris Matthews who said it when talkg abt the POTUS.
Arne dnt say it.
RT :
you tricked me  for a second i thought there was a new pink carbon decal ;
How much you charge mane???
Stay high
Finding out what people in the local market enjoy.
It doesnt matter what you personally like since you are not the paying customer!
he and I have the same last name, I used to tell people he was my uncle as a kid...not anymore...
Happy Easter !!!
Can't wait for an amazing meal with the family !

just noticed your question back from July, the answer is yes :
you have erry reason to be positive my dude you're many ppl's favorite MMA fighter bc you always throw down,  you're funny!!
good question!
'Do not get loud with me, sir!'
So what if they bandwagon?!
People just mad cause Lakers lost  they getting swept
Call me or email for a signed copy of my new book age of the beast coming out late may thank u forbelieving in me Facebook  twitter
taking off now ....
morning.
Muah!,and roger that.
prettysickgirlclub me too
so 98 of MUFC fans never been to see them play.
You one of them fake Donny fans?
Winner, winner, chicken dinner
hahaha I was like wait what?
Enjoy your time in Cleveland.
Stop in and see us!
Admit it, once in your life, youve tried to guess someones password  ..
you failed.
A big thank you to the Delaware Humanities Forum for supporting DCCA's SUPERstructure Symposium!
Thats what up, whenever u need me Im already there, its gettn done.
In that case, they all must be thinking what I'm thinking.
; Kidding!
Sort of.
thanks for following!
Hope you have a great Friday!
Why do you think I am on twitter?
Umm yes, yes, yes and yes!
Sunday I'm all yours :
I truly haven't been this bored in a while.
What's everyone doing 2nite?
I figured as much...will have to wear my kevlar the next time I see y'all!
Class of 2017 .
I want the Giants to win as badly as I would if the Colts were playing
I did lol RT : My crack dealer started selling gasoline instead.
I love FromThisDayForward yes :
Ya boy Finna Smash some Ham Burgers and French fries..not to long got off work and making it home...
This dirty ass bitch just tried to come for me.....
don't do it is all imma say !!!!!!
Newt is very smart but unfortunately in a kinda vile, evil, despicable way.
Check out Fan Page Promote
: I love superbowl commercials!
What are your favorites so far?I liked the Bridgestone Reply All one myself!
even you look nice today means You usually look like crap
Ah the cowboys look much better this game
WOW.
Thanks for that info, Facebook.
You know you're bored when you actually want to clean...
Jen Vernon performance opens doors to dealing w/ traumas
i love pink !
Yes...great article.
If you are looking for other great hikes around Las Vegas check out www.LasVegasOutdoorAdventure.com
Movie recommendation is Samuel L Jackson in Jungle Fever
: kinda but ETSU HERE WE COME!!Hell yeah!
Kenny Chesney's The Boys of Fall may have made me a Country music listener!
Ready for TONIGHT LALive.
Come join the fun!
opening!
I love Such a loyal friend and team member
Sorry sissy
YIKES!
Don't you get 6 points for just getting your name right?
Nick Freaking Swisher go ahead 2 run jack in the top of the 10th at Camden yards!!
You'll never be perfect, nobody is, people just have to accept you for who you are.
Former Muhlenburg North,St Catherine, and Southeast Missouri State star Dewayne Saulsberry is assistant at Laramie Co Jc.
Thx for the Mention
I'm not gonna test an iPad.
Don't send me spam.
Best doctorssed...Michelle Williams  Rooney Mara.
you're at piratz tavern aren't you?
Surrounded by angry older people for the next three hours..exciting!
I fucking hate group projects.
Nice day in NYC I hope mother nature keep the heat coming
I feel like I'm instigatin lol
Athleta, the same company that has GAP, Old Navy, etc
it's ridiculous
Hope you all enjoy your Memorial Day.
Rhonda says it's going to be great!
Crossing another sports movie off the list w/: Coach Carter.
What a team of boys.
Good mornin everyone..don't waste ur life worrying bout everyone when u should be worrying about how to make history!!!
Cat: I'm not eating this.
Me: It's tuna.
Cat: This is flaked tuna.
I eat sliced tuna.
Me: IT'S TUNA!
Cat: It's bullshit
I am officially obsessed with the doctorw something app.
Anyone else play?
I.
Cannot.
Stop.
I won't stop until I've made a difference.
What ingredients are in your favorite smoothie?
That's great!
I know she was looking for an intern.
I think you will really love working for her!
thank you!
Have you heard the rest of the album yet?
Hey everyone, be sure to include us in your FF today and we will do our best to retweet them all!
Great to connect, Aaron!
RT : Thanks!
NowFollowing  ...
I have no idea but I really want twin daughters like real bad
Yep.
Watching.
When I get Jay's mailers I always feel like I'm just getting an email from a friend and not a famous person who's never met me.
happy birthday
Haa that's funny cuz I'm beating Weekend at Burnies And Jet Files through my Bose now getting lit looking for a fit
Nope, you can't have it.
Forget About It.
Bron hasn't done that bad recently in the 4th
What is too much for God?
What can't He do?
aw cute
Happy birthday to  love you 3
you know it's going to get better!
We have ours!
Wally warms up his pipes next on TMD
its sunday, officially..
monday?
school.
CONTEST!
CONTEST!
CONTEST!
Articles, tips, ebooks, ecourses and more...they're all helpful but don't forget to take ACTION with all your newly discovered knowledge.
Today is the best day for some Pozole , oh I want some right now .
o:
What Ray Rice fumbled once in 2010 unfortunately it was the game against the steelers.
RT thank you for the follow, are we going to see you guys at the nra show this weekend?
haha.
do you have GTA?
when should I head down?
Omg when i saw this video myh jaw doctorped !!!
some reasons is why i like asian people !!!
Hi Stuart  Thanks for sharing the message.
New international students are on campus for Orientation.
she might be cray too!
Thanks!
We love hearing from such longtime fans :
I'm just up cookin garlic rice w/ bacon..
Wtf is wrong with me lol
it's the shit.
So worth it.
I got bumped up to some exclusive free Zappos shipping, too!
I feel so geo aware.
OrlandoMagic will need patience,poise and perfection to win tonight
It's our holiday surpise!
RT : CAN't wait until December!
dude, I spent all day Sat putting together a Little Tikes playground.
Never more explicitives uttered over a toy!
Also exhausted!
Hi there!
Nice 2 hear from u.
I did have breakfast 4 dinner btw.
; RT Ahaha..
LOL dj ; RT Breakfast for dinner?
daylightsavingstime2012 ...
Less than 5 days away!!!!!
No sweat, no blood, no tears And if I tell you it's the shit Then BITCH THAT'S WHAT IT IS!
And the sixers lose too.
Great night for Philly sports.
Both games we were in a very favorable position to win.
Both games we lose
I hate when people smack their lips 
The speech my brothers right and left hand gave me tonight makes me hella proud, but I feel hella more pressure.
I just made a beat....
That I think might sound better backwards...
one of my favorite underclassmen
Get the bacon  duck fat pancakes at City Provisions sunday brunch.
So freaking good!
Happy mothers day to the only women who loves wine and cheese more than I do : cheers!
Love and War is a classic!
Cant wait for the next.
yes ma'am I have fallen  such a pleasure meeting you tonight!
The hospitality spread is out and the frig is stocked, so now we wait for our clients to arrive here at Trilogy.
ILUVIEN Receives Marketing Authorization in Austria for the Treatment of ...
MarketWatch
One lacrosse game down, one more to go!!
Go !
Surgery Tip: Make sure you ask your doctor all pertinent details about your surgical procedure.
True Life: I don't own an iron so I steam my clothes by running hot water in the shower
Thanks for following, Kalcee!
Me after gettin high,lml.
i look tired.
bagel club in paccar commons.
do it.
: damnit clay your just too smart, the gullible ones believed it though : 333 you know how I do
New topic  E400 users where are you?
: Three man city players and no dempsey on pfa shortlist..
If he were english he'd be a shoein.
It's most valuable playernot best statsBraun has been more valuable...and amazing stats as well
You are the Love the doctoram appears in.
BONNAROO.
If/when you are employed before her tickets are sold, count me in.
i can beat lebron in horse !
In the meantime I will break you off with a few other websites you should visit
Congrats Leah!
It will be nice to see you on TV again doing what you do best:
is looking forward to a great Saturday, gotta cut the grass, and then off to a birthday party with the family...happy birthday Alex  Jonah
It is rightly said that the most difficult thing in chess is winning a won position  Vladimir Kramnik
lhh my beetch said she tan wit baby oil lhh ion play wen it comes to baby oil an lotion lhh
Progressives...
Really
just doob it.
hahaha yep...
nd we dnt like mean or bossy people
Again, amazing show on Saturday, and great to chat with you after!
Hoes in they mfing bras on out here.
It ain't that damn hot !
I guess it's a real thing after all.
RT Procrasticleaning.
: Can you believe a grown adult feels good about making a living trashing kids.
they don't feel good about anything bro
One juvenile in custody.
Not releasing name.
Candlelight vigil planned for this evening.
One death now confirmed.
Prayers for Chardon, Ohio
Pod people.
You know what to do.
i ovastand, its hard not 2 get caught up..and then u look back like what happened 2 me doin my own 'ish
It feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you.....
Starting to feel like the closer I get to my goal the more obstacles get thrown in my way but that just means I'm that much closer
Soaker!
Damn auto correct!
13 Macbook Air with 128 MB HD.
Video goes thru AppleTV/iPad so I passed on bigger HD.
Couldn't make do w/ 11 screen.
Someone Trynna Cop Ah Gram ?
Or Grams .
I'm pretty sure I'm never again going to do takehome midterms.
the party goes until 10pm.
Let us know if you can make it!
:
A lil encouragement can go a long way!
I love getting new clothes
what's up big boy...how u been bro?
Been a while...
caught you red handed
I was thinking about that actually
Made the team and the musical!
Compassion frees us from all intensities of the emotions, or even of the mind.
It leaves us with one affection...
Reds are made of a softer compound than the blacks.
if you remember editing HTML files with pico, you're really a
They're about ten bucks a month, generic, IF YOU HAVE INSURANCE THAT COVERS IT.
uhm,you need toget the fuck outa here .
You'r gay Justin is not gay!
STUPID bitch!
Stfu ' stop judging.
Damn.
Missing you!
I hope you make a trip to LA in the near future.
I would love to see you.
Should probably stop watching the Food Revolution.
Had French fries twice in 1 week.
Not what Jamie Oliver was going for...
T1: I love reading personal accounts that inspire.
Funny is good.
But authenticity is captainvating.
You catch the Breitbart story on Obama?
You didn't read the article did you Bryan?
The issue is the flawed strategy of OMM.
How many do u think are secretly lesbian?
Well it has been a good run
no kidding.
I think I got five out of the last time I did it, and images for maybe another five.
And I think I did well at that.
I hate how the chat colors in wordswithfriends are backwards on the iphone :P
Ever heard of a bob wow?
Best of the best, worst of the worst
Having a full battery, therefore I can tweet all I want 
or we can go both times lmfaoo
That moment when I ask my mom if I can go to a boarding school in Canada and she said maybe xD
Mo' studio sesh's today.
This album is ganna define our genre
Manuscript Central never fails to frustrate  here's hoping some YC team puts them out of business.
Speaking of JPM wtf is a synthetic credit security?
Something you can lose 2 billion on in 6 weeks apparently
thank you!
Feels good.
:
Your either a sheep or a wolf
Your icon is OMG.
sunshine  rain  confused
Multiplied it by infinity, take it to the depths of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
Today is World Autism Day...to celebrate, I am working with some amazing little boys who are diagnosed with it...
Who's ready for halloween?
Home SWEET home :D
you have the most obnoxious voice I've ever heard in my life
Last 6 weekends: SC, NC, IL, BC, NY, VA; next 3: LA, AZ, NJ.
Tired.
Good luck this weekend.
Hope that you crush the computer that you'll be playing against.
Man I missed him I'm so sad he never does ustream anymore and I missed it:
An idea for a twitter game.
Post the most hacky joke with the hashtag
Totally missed dollchat tonight.
Looks like snow tomorrow, so Mom wanted to go to the grocery store.
Shelves picked clean.
Man, would love 2 meat u again  met you in Maine 8 years ago, and have been a fan since taking monster all the way.
Yep!
Not a problem.
Give you a call tomorrow.
Just watched three doctornks hijack a rickshaw...bucket list item
Recovery weekend for my left eye after PRK surgery.
Right eye is next in 3 weeks.
Then sayonara to glasses  contacts!
Will be missed RT : Just left newsroom for the last time as an employee.
Thank you, everyone.
What a great ride.
here's to the good people who've been stepped on, you'll find love one day
Looking for a new publicist...
congrats on new book.
We are beginning the first wave of closed beta testing.
Are we excited?
Does the pope wear a funny hat?
Thanks for the FF.
I am truly grateful for everything you have done and continue to do for me and pilgf team.
Sorry I miss understood what you said, the guy on the left is John Landis and the guy on the right is Edgar Wright
thanks Rich.
Appreciate it.
Note: The museum will be closed on Thursday, November 24 and Friday, November 25 for the Thanksgiving holiday.
Happy RecordStoreDay!
What's on your wish list?
Has there ever been a professorssional athlete that went from being so loved to so hated like Lebron James?
Thx Alex!
RT : In the twin anchors really good ribs...oh and A scene from batman the dark knight was filmed here !!
i really wish it was friday night
sounds like a plan.
Tomorrow is looking nice if you're in the downtown area at lunch!
why r u the only guy who understands this???
Also...add a little water.
Thanks guys for your kind mentions and RTs today and
i love you too angie
maybe the following weekend without Harry bear?
RT The idea of 's app threatens to prove Beuys Everyone is an artist.
Definitely disruptive.
wrapping up the semester as an adjunct instructor at Temple.
Now if my role of student as Quinnipiac will end...
MANCHESTER CHOKE?????
not me that's lmao
too many cherry bombs?
and cheese quesadillas?
I'm Always Gonna Be Here To Help Out A Close Friend3
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing them.
Thanks for the RT!
I agree with you.
Sweet potato is both pretty and yummy.
you can send me a press release to Thanks!
yeah it was at DFW, the line snaked around like 8 rows.
I've never seen it so busy must have been a bunch of flights at once
so jealous..
Those who have the biggest hearts suffer the most
God I hope so!
RT writing in 140 characters can be good practice for writing exhibit labels.
Totally using this in future curator workshop.
Incredibly strong guy is wearing a t shirt that just says I'm incredibly strong
Traded, or he returns to KHL
Sometimes I wish I had kids just so I can do the shit she do so she can see how it feel
Who's watching some playoff games today?
Q: Mindset MBAs bring to ?
Lots of fans representing at the capsbruins today
I dome fuck wit niggas cuz niggas ain't loyal wen they see u eating they plot against u
Usher is the greatest male singer of our time??
He leaves no note or ad lib left behind.
That man works vocally!
BBC radio.
Going to my uncle's house.
I don't wanna do anything.
The community is welcoming  warm.
It's a productive language w/ great successes.
Best at a hard set of problems,...
Waking up, just to start crying.
Nearby.
For a wedding.
:
let's got to sunset lol
hope you make it by!!!
You're welcome.
Thanks for noticing!
Ugh, love DC Noodles RT Utopia Closing For 14 Months on U Street; Stem, DC Noodles to Close for at least a Year
hahah us too!
Cant believe that was the first person I see when I'm back home
I have to remain calm ,cool, and confident.
God give me strength
Scratch that, all the time
I'm freakin sore from all my body!
while ur taking a day off someone else is getting better
Damn these hologram concerts should go on tour.
No problem!
looking forward to meeting you Saturday with
Riderwood Lions Club KicksOff 'Stamps for the Wounded' Project To Provide Hospitalized Veterans with...
Doug Collins is trying to wear the Celtics down for games 3 through 7.
He said just keep them running.
I'm glad my SF hotel reservation doesn't have to changenow I just need to figure out flights.
A new motto we're considering for FG: 'We're not out to change your game, we're just out to change your life.' Your travel life, that is.
I follow you, now :
I get up at that time every work day...welcome back to the grind...
Muldoon road to Bartlett is safe to doctorve.
Oklahoma is a bit icey.
enjoy the game!
: 
I just finished my rehersal.
What time do you get ouy of yours?
I'm out at 4:30
shooting stars at 3 AM WUUT?
check out interview with brother Will Campbell at Simba camp 2011 and learn how simba change lives.
GyeNyame Journey Show  Spreaker...
My parents are cool with you sleeping over the day before my birthday :
Today marks the anniversary of my move to Chicago, seems like yesterday!
Put some more music on dis shit
You could head to the park and start one...we've done that before, always a ton of fun!
Walkin up some stairs and fat chicks crack in your face
Everyone needs at least one close friend thats a guy.
not everyblackneighborhood can produce
Abdu'lBahá is at the Plaza Hotel receiving visitors.
He speaks about the importance of overcoming hatred and enmity.
Maybe you should change your username to bcorrigan?
PLAers there are handout printing stations available at OCC lower level
wit up rika
Have you gone before?
how does your hand feel today?
Hahahahahahaha!
So sorry about that!
Adventure Landing is fun if you have kids.
A little cool today but fun!!!
Thanks for the follow, Djamel!
really?
What did he have, I'll make sure that we're checking portions better.
RT : In San Antonio.
There is a club here advertising a night called fist pump Fridays and rack city Saturdays.
Wow.
It's official.
Richmond is a fucking mess.
I love sitting by my window and hearing the sounds of tires violently spinning on the ice...
Edition Georges Chakra and Ports 1961 fashion shows were both great!
Now time for Fashion's Night Out!
No way anyone who has Cast Member of Real House Wives of OC on their resume is a designer.
Of purses.
Or anything.
Just 72 more measly hours.
Bring our US Troops home from all foreign wars/conflicts
thanks for the RT!
Haha thanks :D
Off the Hoookah bayside tonight for Vers' video release party for Around the World!!!
Performances by Lady M and Vers'...
A tough call to my boss tomorrow, but graduating on Tuesday!!
Some crying then some happynes 
Tweet WTFIMP N ill email u a DOPE unreleased track!
I believe in you!
Please follow me I love you!
Making networked books  'books move in invisible networks anyway'
Long Hair ?
Let me Guess, you dont care?
My moms too worried about my sister to see whats going on with me .
Guess she'll never know.
No one will.
heat in 4
LunchAndLearn today at 11:30am !
Todays focus is on nutrition!
RT Sen : Saving USPS while shutting down offices  moving delivery further from homes makes no sense.
Thanks guys.
People can still register for PetQuest until 5pm CST today.
We'll play at 7:00.
got to my destination on farwell outside of early!
come taste some tasty fresh juicegreat deals today ;
I have no special talent.
I am only passionately curious.
Albert Einstein
If I was Yur Girlfriend ...
;
Definitely make a copy for yourself!!!
I did!
haha.
Ok!
So what's up?
just won the Writing Program Certificate of Excellence at 4c12!
U of South Florida is that cool.
Just a question: are not all politicians corporate politicians except for Sanders and McGovern and...?
hey I have to turn in the raffles.
How many you want and for the tv or coach gift card
Deepest Sender was very pleasant to use for posting one textonly blog post.
Yeah so true : yeah Duncan has never played to the media.
They are all pretty humble guys.
That helps.
I listened to the game here in USA in portuguese.
Great result.
97.3 WJFD Fall River MA.
Lane with a deep fly ball to the right field fence, two outs for Michigan.
Runners at the corners, UW leading 43.
looking forward to the talk at Powell's tonight!
i want imagines can you do one of me plz thank you
with summer in full swing, what's on your MUST DO list?
Heat game is a tad more exciting than Marlins game.
Did Harvey go riot to get those.
does he also know that he is not only white, but jewish?
Wrong shoes man.
just slapped this nigga for spitting on him while he talks lmaoo
Tune in to tonight from 102am for Fri.
Night Flava hosted by CLo!
Dope beats to bump on your way to club or party!
hell ya u going to the beach today?
Would a painting company offering financing change your mind in hiring us?
Let us know!
we wrote this song foryou, we hope you like it, we really do.
everybody i have a singing groupp called the the lol gurlz .
tweet mehh if u like the name .
Sounds awesome!
I'll make sure to keep my eye open for you on the show.
: Hope you have fun!
I need to cut down the amount of food I eat in a day by like 99
yes i go to evans
He turns all of his injuries into strengths, that which does not kill him makes him stronger, he is superman.
makin a song called stuck not calin my boo anymoreTamya:P
You can support envy protege by visiting the face book page Envy Protege Designs and pressing Like 3 thank You 3 Blessings
Never heard from about internship interview.
Word is, in like, 5 months I will get a rejection email.
Great.
:/
Thank you!!
Nuggets Chris Andersen has been excused from all teamisterlated activities indefinitely as he deals with the reported investigation.
I am sorry about Joe's sister.
Have a wonderful time in Quebec and let's get together when you get back.
thanks katie!!!
Is it supposed to be a DC3?
2nd retraction: APD doesn't refer to people as scumbags, but as dirt bags.
Overheard on radio scanner last night.
no bullshit, no joke!
please reply/favorite/retweet this!
21 ;
Holy cow.
Rob Lowe on Lifetime, with the teaser line I'm untouchable, bitch.
And, a mustache.
A 1980's dad mustache.
I always thought gluten allergies were for idiots, but now I think I might have one!
Sat next to two hobbits at dinner!
Why should we laugh at you?!
This is something serious.
The difference between a bitch and a whore: A whore will fuck anybody.
A bitch will fuck anybody but you.
My dog is so lovely can't imagine waking up without her snuggling me!
thank you, and you as well!
:
GreysonYoloTweet GREYSON DOES KIM AND MADI'S MILKSHAKE MAKE YOU GO TO THEIR YARD?!

RT : I'm a Scorpio, that should explain a lot.
no one is at the library, including the people i was suppose to study with over 40 minutes ago
says how your library is funded  Board chosen should be on website
I'm lying in bed, feeling like I'm somewhere over Denver.
The stars are out.
Such a clear night.
That's what you do best.
Gearing up our promo guys  girls hoping to work with you guys for the awesome promo gigs!
doctornk smart!
I love how all you do is ignore me and then go off thinking everythings fine.
smh 
My boy Inge!
What a game for him!
: Please no.
Josh Hamilton is all that is man...
And I'm not even a Rangers fan.
He hits baseballs real far and then gives the glory to God.
Your face.
I like that shit.
Welcome Chris Albon from ICTs Can Improve Governance
40 years ago we received about 500 messages a day  now its can be up to 8000 a day.
Lofton
sorry for the delay, you caught me checking in on foursquare and pinteresting
so true.
I just seem to have a selective memory.
;
well i was seeing iif you wanted to go out!
Haha.
But hey i dont have your number anymore do u have mine?
thinks a park party is in order very soon.
www.myspace.com/dubhelix
It's coo.
I'm pretty sure that I'm one too.
Absolutely not.
Thanks for the info, Craig!
RT for TurnToYou is dedicated to all the single moms out there: make them feel special on MothersDay x
I have a few of those!
Hilarious
I have seen so many doppledangers Around Beantown lately, it's crazy.
Um...
Yeah, I dunno why, but Im crying from laughing so hard because Im reading 's tweets.
Boulder now up 65 over Fairview after a 5run fifth.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
OH MY GOODNESS!!
SHE WAS CHEWING GUM WHILE PERFORMING ON THE VOICE!
goodvoicebutwhodoesthat???
Cher Loyd is a goddess...
LACDA is having their Eighth Anniversary Retrospective 79pm tonite; prints, video  interactive media 102 W 5th St
Good Morning Salt Lake City!
m soylent beans
Good morning all
Have you heard....
He who wants milk should not sit himself in the middle of a pasture waiting for a cow to backup to him.
Don't wait DO!
Sorry, we will not c u at the Cbus show.
What other shows u do?
What are the biggest ones?
lol he will miss prom
Learn how to get found online in search engines, blogs, social media
Comment I received on personal site: Thank you for the auspicious writeup.
It in reality was a amusement account it.
OH NO!!
I'm so sorry!
Is she trying to make y'all do math yet?
Just wait SHE WILL
not even kidding haha
sure..
Actually we have spring since march I think..
In july summer starts, in September autumn and December winter starts
no it looks like a pimple papi..not that bad!
Don't forget Tico's us open until 7pm tonight!
lol I wonder what will trend this time!!
;
i got a where the wild things are ornament
The state of my mental health is proportionate to my beard length.
And I need nosehair trimmers, damn it.
Lots of our photos are awkward but none of them are funny.
I am so ready for summer.
please let me know your thoughts about my fedora/pubmedia post  i'm trying to figure out what it takes to make it viable
Uh...
You're kinda late on this one for today...
If you do every day it gets better over time :
Cracked my phone.
bullshit
I photographed 198 artists in 2011.
Not a bad year...
we ain't scared of the heels.
Jb never loses to Roy Williams
oh shit .
i thought you only met them once lol
Hate to say this but I'm team this year on rupaul.
Girl you best WORQ
Brrrr...
What's with the weather today?!
Home resting..
:
man I suck at creating good ambient spaces in a mix.
any tips from the pro's out there?
Duct tape is like the force.
It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together.
Happy Presidents Day!
Spending my day off in the library working on my eportfolio...
or pretending to...
Is it time to get your pink on?
You can w/a win in the raffle!
250 gift certificates from ready  waiting!
GoodNight!3 OMFG!
ALEX just called us his Loves 333 ahh' I just died ;
I think we can learn much from much from young people and social media from this region
Not from me.
I regularly questioned all the hate.
So counterproductive.
5ThingsICantStand 4.
The shows on Disney right now.
They all suck..Im watching Kenan and kel and all that:
hell yea bro you already know!
Got this bubba kushy and its smelln musty
Italian week at J.S.Edwards.
Join us for Italian wine tasting on Thursday, November 12 at 5 to 8 pm.
Agreed!
Follow a face, not a logo on SM via
Dear Ohio State, I believe in you!
Make it to the final and I win my march madness pool!
I doctoram...
I just entered the chicBuds giveaway.
I hope I win!!
Why are people coming to Bj's in this weather 
momma's day dinner: bbq rib eye w/ Benziger Syrah.
Eat my 3 out!
Thankful to all that have served this great country.
It's finally Friday!
Just a reminder that tomorrow night is my last night I'm taking a short pause in April.
ash ah yes....belmont...the bears....
ah, Saturday again.
I only have one huge job today and then I am off to a BBQ to enjoy some cold beer and the UFC 100!!!
interesting!
Does stock go up through doctorfts/wins/yardage?
Thanks to u know who.
:
used to be/we had eyes evanescent as the tide,/fluctuating at the whims of a tinfoil summer moon.
vol vii.
buy it now.
www.polyphonyhs.com
Ha!
Please, no reason to apologize.
That was nothing compared to how much I talk about Skyrim on a daily basis.
solid after a shaky 1st set, playing in a goddamn sauna
Thank you, did you try it?
It was good clean advice after all.
Remember what it was like to watch football without the yellow first down line?
Yeah, me either.
Lol!
U don't doctornk koolaid?
I met Ed Sheeran, Your arguement is invalid.
My mom is making me apply at her work.
That equals waking up at 6 every day all summer.
And filing papers and stapling and getting coffee.
will do  see you then!
that shirt is hilarious!
Press a toy in the store won't stop making noises Walk away, walk away.
As humans we tend to get so caught up with theWHAT WAS we don't pay attention to the WHAT IS Live In The Now.
Religion riskier than porn for online viruses: study
Editing pics and later will post at fb
we in tha studio smoked out
RT: Last day of !!!
Come to the tent and make memories.
I'm actually watching a hockey game.
What am I doing with my life?
Geez.
Eff that.
You anchoring the morning show or what?
Why is it that no matter how many you good plays you make, it's the horrid misses that stay with you??
just did.
whatcha gonna do!?
haha
Earthquake in the DC area.
I hope you didn't have any damage.
Stay safe!
Pressure cookers are fucking horrifying.
Im good!
Im check cuz I can feel things sometimes.
Reach out any time u'd like....
:
Wondering what to get friends this holiday?
Lucky you is Taking the Black Magic out of Black Friday: bit.ly/sror2e
Waking up is the most awful thing ever.
father/daughter bonding while watching crossroads.
he's singing all the jimmy buffett songs, i'm singing all the zac brown band songs :D
So special.
You know, London is probably my 1 place I want to visit.
A great reflection!
: What gifts have you received during the day that you can be thankful for?
Good Morning!!!
Blessed to see another day.
Hope you all have a wonderful day.
Be
3wordsofAdvice don't call first!
waiting in the pit of hell aka in
: You have such a beautiful smile 3
How does James harden still not start
Just wooookeup.
I watched 2 goodass movies lastnight,leftover pizza for breakfast,heard that the night after new years..I'm still partyingx
: you get decidedly mediocre haircuts RT : You get way too offended and angry about things.owned.
Lol
Kinda thinking Tim brought some bad karma after his no show at white house.
Karma Tim...ugh....
It's cold, dark...
You need some BaconWrappedDates to cheer you up...!
it's doctor doctor doctor.
And hotter than we hoped but it's not Lafayette.
they're beatable kilbourne went up 60 and from there it got ugly ended up 4221
Lose with dignity!!!
GO CITY!!!!
I'm looking for contemporary fiction that rewrites or responds to canonical novels.
E.g.
Jane Eyre  Wide Sargasso Sea.
other pairings...?
gotta get you well for Convention.
:
Business Travel Mag Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Ik they are, they look crispy..I cant wait till mine come in..I was soo scared on the website tho lol
Don't wait too long to come back and visit.
Until then, keep making me laugh with the updates.
I apologize for excessive tweeting right now, but I'm so hyper!
Some people need to be on beyond scared straight.
What is a 'Glee'?
k I will as soon as I get back home
I'm watching the same movie!
officespace Toggling between that and He's Just Not That into You.
ALL nigga's want is PUSSY !!!
Lmfaoo mf.s begging females  shit Like wtf !
Nigga beat yo meat  get it over with!
damn!
SHAME!!!
TRAGIC!!!
Im not really into cowboys but sometimes a few make my head turn
Going to the mets at the giants tonight let's go mets hopefully this year I can see the full game instead of one inning
ALL NITE LONG....
Is H in preschool?
My son's Montessori school is having a water experiment camp in July and I'm going to sign B up.
lol I see y'all foo
Don't waste your time on me, you're already a voice inside my head.
Tomorrow Night at Westerville; Into to Mountaineering at 6PM.
Cost is 5; any questions, or to sign up call 6148183620.
Just realized if Bobcats lose to Knicks on Thursday, it would be 23 straight losses.
Quite appropriate for a Michael Jordan team.
I miss my phone
For everyone who's constantly annoyed by 's success, he just got retweeted by Rozay.
So i guess we can go fuck ourselves now
wow I would be so freaking scared lol
Gross RT : Reminder: Alex Rodoctorguez makes roughly 50K per atbat.
i love your photo, just wanted to let you know.
ah okay :D I live in LA :
hahahahaha dude we need to camcult
Our pleasure!
Open your heart, not your legs.
Now I wanna have 2000 tweets !!!
Help me guys :D 
NO!
: BREAKING NEWS: ESPN is reporting the Colts and Peyton Manning are parting ways.
Quartz verses Granite countertops who has a preference?
Technology is only as good as the people using it.
Brian Conley
IN Quotes: Joy is your inner guidance system.
Who has a playstation3
What?!
Why?!
Scandal is THE HOTTEST THING on ABC!
It is not length of life but depth of life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
She could kill me with her tits.
Coming to Vegas in a few weeks.
Stay tuned for more details!
RT NO!
come hang out in Vegas with me!
Is it time to leave yet??
I come home in morning light.....
Incredible day for midMarch.
Almost 70, sunny, light breeze.
Even warmer tomorrow and our club opens for the season.
Happy days!
Hater: I rather die than choose Mahone..
Me: Pulls out a knife or a gun That can be arranged!
:
RT : WhatWouldTomDo  Take a beating for a woman, not take women's rights away
thanks donna!
looking forward to seeing u!
:
only people who follow both of us see this, or people who check your stream
Orders are nobody can see the great Oz!
Not nobody, not nohow!
Guardian of the emerald city gates, the Wizard of Oz
u have to find a way to top the Zepplin song, try Bad Co.
Feel like making love in practice  others.
U have soul girl.
Sing!
it's not supposed to be funny
Loving Joyce Manor so much right now.
Finishing up the day with some tea and Mockingjay.
Goodnight.
What Coach Beast just said!
Have to go make dinner.
Would rather be tweeting :
Still not too tired tho.
Feels weird not having Facebook now.
in my bedoctorom w/door shut, hear a few words of so sick in livinroom screami know that voice!
Austin!come runnin from room...
I looked at it yesterday.
She ain't saying much.
Lmao I'm hilarious.
If you would rather just cover up your thinning hair, you can find an array of hats, scarves and head wraps from which to choose
omg i need some followers like asap including you LOVE UR MUSIC HOPE U SEE THIS
Man with carrots in his ears goes to the doctor, Doctor, I can't hear!
Doctor replies, You're not eating right.
badum psshht
At Bay Creek about to get awesome..
Seems like her intention was molding the youth and scolding the brutes.
I enjoy cash back too.
Major change dispensers at my gym.
I think you can make money improving hc or by maintaining status quo.
We should call out the latter
I wonder who the first person to fly through a cloud was.
What if some of them were solid?
How did you here about us?
Where?
:P
I have identical twins, only 1 got Autism.
Shots are a factor not a cause.
Vaccines that use mercury do not cause autism

i did?
That's awful!
I really hoped your bday sucked out loud.
introduce yourself next time your in and I will buy you a beer.
Ask for Brad Todd.
Did we find your card?
Sub for 4 block :
tech2012 consumers have no clue what tradeoffs they're making because there's no privacyoriented competition.
Wanna see a movie for FREE?
of course you do, Show this tweet, get a pass for two to a preview of Wahlberg's new movie CONTRABAND, Jan 10th
A must for coaches and Thanks for free tips
AVOID girl!
ChiponDeals approved fare.
RT : Bag of salty peanuts and a Bud heavy on the golf course for the St.
Francis outing.
ghlive Always, always.
I will let you know!
; ...
Love your music!
cc/
gotta go..time to go sling some ink..gotta do this monwed..bouncing at the white horse lounge thursat..later
RT : In Charlotte NC viewing slnsolsummit webcast!
Hi to  all!
good luck in the race today!!
CV Public Safety Subcommittee meeting coming up Wed.
at 6 pm at Norman Park Sr.
Center.
Agenda: police staffing; banning 'Spice' doctorgs
Wow, Thanks for response.
Look forward to see what you have in store.
Got an audition for a magician scene!
haha idk and the other was just a local Syracuse band
My boi got 8 years for mortgage fraud smh...I'm gone miss his thievin ass
this is all so very exciting!
What was your fav part about paying with levelup?
Speed?Paperless receipt?
Light changes color?
I'm not gonna tweet y'all what just said!!
CTHU
Watching The Devil Inside.
Totally making sure cute boy gives extra cuddles tonight.
So what is salad cream here?
Oh well
can you help me get followers?
i have 12 :/
The best investor is your customer.
yeah and it's his first art show ever...he definitely has a lot of talent!
haha no i live in wm again but all i have to help me during the day is my grandfather when he aint at the stupid club
Shut up and stop being passive aggressive over the internet this is a joke
Feeling pretty good this morning :
Thanks for the FF.
Love what you post!
Julius, The Baby of the World by Kevin Henkes: Step offonly I can talk noise about my little brother!
If you are going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill
whoever my customer service rep just was and just rebooked me, deserves high praise.
Saved me from sleeping in DET airport.
Doing test runs on these Pillowcases again!!
Anyone interested DM me!
See pics in previous post!
Thanks for hanging in there.
MT : A belated thank you to who brought dinner and to for a coat.
Any ladies have a good suggestion on where to get a good pair of jeans?
thanks for the follow!!!!!
Well, let us know if there's anything we can do for you.
Stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
On the road again...
West Coast here we come...
I loved the improved gameplay of Prototype 2.
But damn, the game story's mindnumbingly repetitive.
I'm talking autopilot.
Player Watch Marcus Knight senior guard for GarField H.S.
in Woodbridge, VA.
Leading GarField H.S.
.
thanks my camera on my phone sucks!
Ugh
I also love that I'm The Sultan of Smoothi as if I go to smoothie places all the time :
RT : Let's start this hashtag today IHelpHomelessPetsBy ...
making it my life's work to make our community a better place for them.
Governor Perdue released her budget which restores 43 million in funding to early childhood education programs.
I will keep your secrets..
your secrets are safe with me..
Saw John Carter today, it wasn't really a bad movie.
orphans8 up next: Jaime Partsch presenting on the films made by Governor Jesus Pinero
Sapient Sync  A place to share interesting ideas  Sync Blog  Fire ...
the defund planned parenthood candidate?
the no repeal of don't ask, don't tell candidate?
the no on wall st.
reform candidate?
hey love
Lol sophomore year has been the worst year yet
I want the lipstick or gloss u have on at the reunion please tell what it is!
Twitter just took offense to my spazzing apparently lol
Bbl Getting In The Shower!
If you aint movin up in the world, then youre a bottom feeder, Its a Kold Reality, I hope you got a Heater
...
and a bad day to stop sniffing glue.
Bull!
L.A.
is just full of plastic automatons.
Everyone from there is lying to you.
Vince Lombardi Those who have invested the most are the last to surrender.
Yep!
Saw your entry.
I know a man who gave up smoking, doctornking, sex, and rich food.
He was healthy right up to the time he killed himself.
Johnny Carson
Brunch is served
When a box says easy open and I end up using scissors, a knife, a hammer, a gun and my lightsaber to open it.
At Fire on the Mountain having dinner with some friends :
So the locals are acting like fools on Wisconsin lol.
I need a camera
What flavor did you make?
CincoDeMayo caps game AND KentuckyDerby all in one day...
WOAH now.
talk about
me too
Well captainred.
Thanks for the tweet.
yeh it is
That's great news!
You are hot.
I Love LA RT i'm back cali
Capitalism has ruined community, family and land traditions
I'm working on a story about a dead race horse.....So I'm looking for hilarious race horse names.
Email them to .
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, the mind of man can achieve.
I would love to get to know u better,your more then welcome to call or text am/pm 5038476149 my name is ireesha
soo sad nobody even bother to txt mee..i really feel the love:
Can I get a Happy Birthday Kimberly and follow me?
: 
You are blessed!
RT : LOL!!
mine are sleeping.
:
Following the high value Tweets from and
You're a great person
RT : Confession: I saw the Sex  the City movie.
Question: How much did Abu Dhabi pay to replace NY as the City??
Praying for you tonight.
God loves you and so does the church!
Last chance 2 win!
Register 4 today 2 get entered for a free massage, baked goods, yoga sessions or subscription 2
Come help me celebrate tonight at 3rd and Lindsley with Mingo Fishtrap..
Good morning and good night......
Its Raining : A
Russell Brandt / Katy Perry.
This makes me sad.
:
Thanks sister.
It is and I am doctorgging.
Appreciate you checking in today : Hope you have a nice weekend.
but they said you got the wrong one baby, the new generation is pushing up some daisies.
I would honestly watch that show for the same reason!
I love criticizing stuff like that too.
:
Hah!
Early stages of building a syllabus, actually, rereading, sifting, sorting.
Hahah!!
Hey Brandon Get Yur Ass Here In Cali!!
OH: LETS LOOK FOR DTF TAG ON PINTEREST!
Getting ready to be a judge for a pageant happening tomorrow.
Super excited!
Anyone in Miami have an iPad I can use for testing?
If so, let me know!
I don't need a friend, I'm all about my kids!!
Haha, they dictate my life lol.
Thanks for all of the recommendations!
We DO read them and appreciate the love!
so yelling about your vajayjay in Michaels is good?
U'r like a krazy Kardashian
fourwordsaftersex Are you kidding me?
.
just got his camera yesterday and has already made 2 videos.
I got mine a few months ago and made none.
I hate myself.
The person hit my car so hard that it's glass on type of my car from the mirror..
How you pull out my doctorveway that fast!?
We should talk about how to change this!
I have lots of ideas!
Going back to the money
Waiter Shawn is too funny.
Totally in the end of world spirit.
Wants to know if we are zombie prepared.
lol ive never heard of it either
Thank you!
Thx also to  much appreciated.

Get out here to The Gym in Humble..Camby and others have been here checking out the HTown Classic.
Not sure about the ladies.
Of course they report the soldiers' injuries,  report it 1st.
It's Israel radio, that makes sense.
But not ONE WORD abt the Palestinians?
Thanks for following us back and for your infographic.
It's all good though cuz I got a really soft blanket
What did you give up for lent?
Honestly.
For real.
Really.
lol : I didn't think Rick Santorum believed in pulling out.
Her friend delores gets on my nerves everyday!
I been sick in the bed all day.
So mad I missed it : Pictures look like it cracked!!!
Talk that doctorss rite up off her body !!
want me to tell you a joke?
I lean towards never.
He knows what's a stake here.
Really disappointing.
Not a Ross Perot degree of damage, but revealing.
Horrible start to 2011 campaign
wanna watch the with me tonight
M bop on
Big game tonight...gotta have this one!
if by SUCKS you mean is the coolest girl EVER then yes, I agree.
Who's
love u too..have fun
So true!
RT A certain amount of opposition is of great help to a man.
Kites rise against, not with the wind.
i see these niggas with the jaws on the floor over these bitches i kno and i b thinkin , only if he really saw her in person .
lol.
Happy Childoctorn's Book Week CBW and Teacher Appreciation Week!
Bugs bunny just rolled a doobie on TV
when you become famous dont forget to invite me
i wanna throw a natty light at a cop car
One day away!
Hi Connie, I'm a fan of yours from the States.
: I loved listening to you sing when you were tiny and i still love it now.
I feel bad for telling that bum to get a job now I regret it
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 17
Job searching to a whole new level today!
Happy Birthday Sweetie!
A True Blood, B Negative, please.
Daily update!!!!!!
Thank you, Lord.
Rob Dyrdek tries so hard to be funny, it makes me feel uncomfortable every time I watch it.
Reading for discussion on changing media landscape.
If you have any relevant articles or thoughts, I'd definitely love to get them.
If you actually want to see us why don't you come visit?
Families aren't just supposed to have fucking relationships over Skype.
Instagram is getting annoying with this constant not refreshing thing it likes to do.
There's a hell in every hello.
Be careful.
There's a good in every goodbye.
Be grateful.
for your sake i hope you where using some Mesquite in there so it smells like a BBQ shak LOL
There's a light you can walk in if you choose to
I feel pretty crappy.
Yay for the side effects of benadoctorll!
:/

spinach, parsley, half lemon,  the kiwi but I think that'll taste yum!
: Kale, green apple, kiwi  what else?
Adobe CS6 Release Date 2012: A Guide To The New Features, Subscription Plans ...
International Business Times
Much love given right back babe!
:
Siri just quit on me.
Something about to much dirty talk.
.
.
8 Mile is on TV.
It's a movie.
RT if you have watched this movie, or you are watching it, or you are aware of it.
8 Mile.
Xtravaganza EXCLUSIVE : Chelly  I took the night !!
Right now on .
Thx
Obesity is not an eating disorder, it's a body measurement.
we couldn't.
Too much traffic.
Need a poster made for your movie?
follow for affordable indie  feature film advertising!
Writing a dystopian commentary on history for my final history project is ok if the teacher is a huge nerd and loves fantasy...right?
PLEASE tell me UR going 2 play Rita Wilson's album on air.Yes, Tom Hank's wife.
Her label is T.Hanks for the Awful Music.
It's getting great buzz.
I'll let you know Monday.
And I vote for Thor as strongest Avenger.
;
For Black History Month the Heller College of Business at Roosevelt University Presents: Emmett T.
Vaughn, Director, Diverse Business Emp
wow!
This takes the phrase don't fall in to a whole other level...hahaha
We will be bidding a fond and temporary farewell to Mango Sorbet and Pomegranate Energy next week.
Make sure to stop by and enjoy some!
If I disagree with my wife or another woman is that a war on women?
Why is everyhing reduced to aWAR?Unravel this please!
Congratulations to Sorors and for successfully completing their McNair Research presentations today!
ZPhi!
I have a crush on the bass player.
interrupts conversation
Time for a morning hike
Brainstorming ideas for business/technology partners for a new math/science grant...
Any suggestions/connections?
Happy Friday to you too!
Glad you are feeling better...hope you have a fantastic feelgood weekend!:
I have a gay project to do by Friday.
gay.
This is gonna take longer than I thought.
Thanks to all of our friends and supporters who joined us for an awesome time at spagdisco last night!
It was a blast!
great chatting at CES, it's nice to meet the real person behind the blog.
I hope you are enjoying the show!
Sweet.
Wish I would have thought of going.
I won't ask you where you're watching it.
Hopefully in St.
Pete
: Three Preds goals have been over turned by the officials in the NHL playoffs.
BS!!!
That's true.
Caro's book and videos are really helpful.
And yeah Hellmuth should have 11 bracelets if his principle is true.
Only SA would get this hype bout Future coming on a Wed night .......
doors at 6 leaving now
No fuck this
Be a best friend, tell the truth.
And overuse I love you.
Go to work, do your best.
Don't outsmart your common sense.
Great, I am glad you got it figured out!
:
June 25July 4.
So it's coming up this weekend.
Whoa, Jenna swore on twitter.
srsly?
did u forget me?
:
Looking forward to the new year!!!

so was Alex, doing the lean wit it rock wit it.
We were down in Chicago this morning and came home to an email from Colorado.
That's what we call a water SCORE!
good one asssholesss
Your shows hve to be tight, a sloppy show just shows you're not ready.
He left me today....
I miss him.
Listening to a phonetap
Everyone go follow
Person threatening to jump off 22nd street bridge in
She already thought geek when she married you.
/
forever misunderstoodthat shoulda been my name...momma ain't know
still lots of time playa.
Working hard with the CPCT crew!
Gotta get this place ready to go for opening on Friday!
You bet, Phil.
Can't wait for more chances to hang with you and the rest of the this season!
Ah...I love it when stuff works.
Dead tired all day yesterday, finally got my brain to shut off  fall asleep  12, but forgot to reset my internal alarm.
So  G'mornin
Stunning that Boehner says we need to reduce uncertainty and in the next breath threatens a US default.
Hello, Thanks for joining me on Twitter.
I'm listening to
Having to pee but not wanting to get up 
I like that :
holy shit dude it's already hilarious
: One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
BM
Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there except tina fuck you Tina and your bratty kids.
Should I finished the hunger games book or wait for the movie?
I have 30 pages left..
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Childoctorn's criminal conduct is dealt with in the civil Family Code, and in civil instead of criminal court.
We need to do something about all this rain!
Yes, we call it in a script if you don't want it on the page.
Less than 24 hours till the official date release for the 87th Annual Diplomatic Ball!
STAY TUNED!
True.
Maybe that's a separate gift from GTTV since it was mention on their show?
Don't know who we should contact about that.
yes : I've had the worst fever in my entire life the last 2 days, haven't eaten anything since Monday, and I can't stop coughing.
haha;p I should do it sometime!
Boston is the best city on earth!
sat in traffic
We are told to remember the idea, not the man, because a man can fail but years later, an idea can still change the world..
ireallywant to flex flex flex waka voice
worst.joke.ever...
And yet I still chuckled
Duty says she's 'strongly considering' running for DA
Think I need to change my background.
Are ever coming to Seattle?
Sirens, SWAT team, sniper, standoff...tenderloin living
Up til 2:30AM taping auditions.
Coffee, you are my only friend.
1/22/1777 to J.P.
Custis: I do not think that any Officer since the Creationhad suchdifficulties  perplexities to encounter as I have
yo that bitch looks like Skrillex
The reception on WBGO from Queens only improved marginally with the new antenna.
Is there a problem?
i did good and just finished this awsome cat doctorwling im putting it up on the wall now i will put the cat picture up in a little bit
Easy there, babe ruthless...
you got a massage??
Home sweet home
wait YES!!
Elvis Presley did, he even married her.
RIP DONNA SUMMER and thanks for the music and memories!
FYI, I went with Chocolate brownies and Alain LeFevre's Cadenza LP.
someone say Disney?
Love it there.
any place to watch the presser?
: Sunday is off to a great start.
Epic follower add in stayclassy  A true Gentleman to say the least
What s in your Wallet
and if it's up to 25, can you order 2 things?
One for lunch and one for dinner?
If you wish to marry suitably, marry your equal.
Ovid Roman poet
I guess I don't visit enough...
I can't tell the difference.
Talented Mickey Rourke in Conan The Barbarian, opening this weekend...
who's going to see it?
Speedoctorels likes action...
and talent.
this is VERY surreal
my read it later for tonight...
nice record for mister Jeter and the Yankees.
Seeing great examples of how textmining can save lives
Woke up twice last night.
1.
A tiny earthquake.
2.
Matthew texting me about partying in King Louie's hot tub.
Wild night for planet earth.
I love Berlin because everything is on time.
It's so much better than U.S.!
we are going as best friends!
I lug you too beat friend!
;
Oral Health affects overall health.
TAKE CHARGE OF YOUR HEALTH!
Get the best oral care SYSTEM: Paste  Rinse work Together: www.closys.com
Ate at for the first time with egg/dairy/peanut/tree nut allergic daughter, using allergenmenu.com.
Excellent experience!!!
Colossians 3:13  Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another.
Forgive as the Lord forgives you.
Forever and ever
Pineda a golden sword; the BlueJays a tray of radishes.
Happy first day on the new job and !
YES!!!!!!!
Come grab a burger if you want at the sig house
YES!!!
I totally do this!!!
I'm coming for you...hope you still have Duvel glasses left.
good luck and have fun!
Tuesday?
tuesday!
One Direction free show in London wut wut iTunes festival say wut now where when why how.
she is lying.
Unease Mounting, China and U.S.
to Open Military Talks
FAQ sections tend to be über useful on mobile sites
Who else wants my 6000th tweet ?
c:
Kate, please tell Starr so she can shut the hell up!
Mother's Day is coming up!
I want to thank all the mommies who have loved us from day zero.
You are
Breakfast treat for Desperately Seeking the Exit: VOICE CHOICE in and RECOMMENDED in Good Odds!
Watching the Big Idea with host Donny Deutsch!
Then I go nightynighty!!
What is the cross for me today but the death and disappearance of the very thing I thought was good and solid?
1 Corinthians 1:1825
Audience question, what about rent inflation?
It leads to instability.
tweetupbash Good to see you Robby!!
Looking forward to it.
MT 12p Sunday FOX: to talk abt the controversy over Rrating for Bully documentary.
Ikr some fuckers just make me smh big time
you're gonna look gorgeous!
Love you!
:
The devil
Bazooka Joe with a nice grab in chilly Wrigley Field
Had a wonderful birthday .
Thank u dad for my car .
And thank u lord for my healthy daughter
Watching the rest of this showw then carrying my ass to sleep.
Lol he doesn't get it RT : I'm Ignoring You, Why Do You Keep Writing Me On Facebook And Calling.
.
Thank you and yeah I will have a great weekend!
:
Just layed in the tanning bed and got back out and about froze.
Its so cold!
back to the grindstone, lunchtime pushed back a couple hours today.....looking forward to a date with final cut today though
We love him too!
Thanks for listening!
It's amazing watching you follow your doctorams and end up on Ellen today :'
Ball so hard doctors wanna find me
welcome back and good recovery.
has anyone proposed a netflix like streaming channel with indies teamed as content suppliers?
Tweet It Now is TONIGHT at 6:30 pm at Studio.
Free for SPJ members, 5 nonmembers.
Refreshments at 6:30, talk at 7 pm.
Nicely done, Juan  congratulations on getting LBJ's 'graph  a pic w/ !
Honoring Elouise Cobell as a Woman of Distinction Business Award
haha indeed!
If I wasn't working me and prob would be too!!!!
Yeah, sorry about that.
Apparently we didn't brew enough last time, so we have a double batch of T20 in tank now.
where is mine?
The Next Big Thing Sits with The Man Behind The Shades in NY.
Country Music's American Anthem , Press Kits , and Epks available
screams cucuiiiiiiiii and giggles
If you really knew me...
RT : Taurus likes you better if you are patience and considerate.
Happy Martin Luther King Day!
Celebrate with our half price gourmet beef burgers and happy hour specials from 47pm!
Yay hope you do well!
mamavation for days!
Thanks for following back!
:
Great meeting you last night, too!
You have a great organization.
I'll tell all my lady friends to join.
I think you tried TO HARD get over yourself
That speed Boat knocks over here!!
My God.
Cotto
I love Georgetown because of the people.
I feel that I am in a community with people who understand me.
Kevin Smokler You have to determine what's unique about your space, and it's not the fact that you sell books.
toccon via
...
Roger Clyne  the Peacemakers are one of the best bands in the world.
Can't wait to see them at Water Street next month.
That's a good idea but we feel like benefit shows should be more important than just helping us earn money to tour.
I'm cursed when it comes to relationships, I'm serious.
Someone rub an egg on me or feel free to throw holy water on me in public.
.
what attorney does that?
I need to start using this more.
sorry we're going to miss you for the show!
Hope we get to see you in soon for something else.
You are a woman of infinite sense and wisdom.
:
i love denim.
and today I realized how much it pains me to not be allowed to wear it to work.
What Am I supposed to think now?
Sat, see u there....
Do they let you take bags into Citi Field?
I say give in
I half know the feeling 
Its gonna happen, so keep ur seatbelts fastened, ignite the passion and keep on jammin!
Gearing up for the Stlouis Halloween10K hope to see everyone there, you won't want to miss our costume.
Totally right.
Romney wasn't the reluctant hatchet man in an otherwise benevolent org.
Bain's purpose is vulture capitalism.
you should try gold bond.
I swear I just saw a woman with a fullfledged beard  I almost tipped over my glass of water I was so surprised.
I'm nOt sure what I like cept beer :
LEARN from the tear that follow
I think he though he fixed it with a tube of caulk.
But it's a lot more than that.
And he didn't disclose any of it.
Before Google, there was memory.
Heading to Post45 Conference in Cleveland/RockHallofFame this afternoon, crazy weather permitting.
Go see WAITING FOR GODOT at IUS this weekend!
There's a show at 8pm tonight!
Student tickets 6!
The elder Coram has more issues than a newsstand.
Perhaps more than me.
GIANTS WIN!!!
What galls me is, due to an inept police dept.,the only way Zimmerman can be convicted is the jury ignores the lack of evidence.
23 days till coachella!!!!
can.
not.
wait.
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
We're having technical difficulties but are working on it.
We hope it will be back up soon.
And meireles makes it two!
Let's have everyone suspended next weekend score eh?
I'll RT yours if you pl RT icarefhs.com We help the Dev.
Disabled reach their self determination goals.
Yeah, this week stank.
Mainly it's been tech breakdowns that I cannot do anything about.
I just want to cuddle w/ my Kindle
Just bout' to lay down, listen to music  murder these crackers Lbs!
I disagree with the placement of Vonnegut, who I frequently find heartbreaking, but check out a Venn diagram of great writers:...
Words may show a man's wit, but actions his meaning.
Benjamin Franklin
Hahaha!
RT : Joel, my 2ndgrader: I've eaten dog food and it's not as good as it looks.
Happy Mother's Day!
Everyone has a twitter now .
...thought it might add some complexity, hope it doesn't come back to bite me in the ass tho.
6 am CST tomorrow morning.
Hold on to your cowboy hats.
PB lineup announcement comin' atcha!
Just one more day!
I cannot wait!!!
Going to infusioncon tomorrow, who's with me?
Best wishes for tomorrow.
You will rock it.
Get some sleep tho; you'll want to be nimble.
Does anyone have a history with afterschool and youth outreach programs in Baltimore?
I'm looking for info on what's worked and what didn't
A normal woman!
I'm just playing calm yourself!
and yeah last night was a good indicator of how well he's shooting it, what kind of shape he's in and how athletic he is.

Keep fighting the good fight everyone.
Hold on to your doctorams as you make them come true.
hey easy on the Noles!
A lot of good conservatives from FSU
Don't forget!!
Misplaced Comedy is on iTunes!!
with like 10 CDs to choose from!
Good Morning : 3
Content with everything now.
Content with whatever happens tomorrow.
content The Lord blesses me in so many ways and this is one of them.
good to know!
Thanks!!
Last time I went to see a movie at IMAX, was LOR I.
They screened it in regular size there.
Very bummed
Go Trio hit last nite, w/Sean Gough  Doug Hirlinger.
What a blast!
Then you know who to call when you want your doctorcleaning RT : Someone just ask me what if the bring in Jermaine Gresham
hm MT : Gen.
Ri Yong Ho, symbiotic w/ KimJongUn since '10, leaving for Laos.
To be crass: is anyone betting on a coup?
Art is collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
why would you pretend not to know what robo cop is?
hahaha omg you're telling me
Hi,Its Victoria!
playing like an AllStar tonight
nAsty!!
I still got that image in my head
...i just realized i completely skipped guitar lessons friday...
It's too damn foggy out, I almost got hit twice this morning smh
Douglas Thomas on imagination: is an exercise in world building  what would the World need to look like to accomodate the idea?
Me too  grabs Pink oil moisturizer RT : Time to wrap my hair
ASU devils unload bus  west side hotel beat some Bucky
I shot a ton but it was so dang dark don't know how many I can recover..
Will make sure you see then and give you a couple for
mistermarket doing it's thing.
Rotation through a correction.
Short positions should be expanded.
Look for price dislocations.
Two interviews down already.
Tax day is tomorrow, April 17.
Franchise Tax Board.
I done herd it all
hay I like much better too hawever there has to be some down time
Thanks for the RT How are you anyway????
The one person who always says they will get the next round and never does
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host.
David Letterman
Thanks for not too evil LOL!
I'm so excited, I finally got to agree to learn Gaelic!
We've been trying to decide on a language for years!
Best of Detroit Event by Hour Magazine at The Sound Board June 22nd, 2012 Tickets 85.00 See you there!
Happy Valentines day!
I love you, do you love me:
RT : Download local concerts app for iPhone!!
It's free!
And yes it DOES list local band events.
Rad!
Support local music!!
3WordsForYou You mad bro
Tea is doctornk to forget the din of the world  T'ien Yiheng
We're signed up!
Thanks for the info on the new networkonly option.
tears in my eyes LOL I need to get Cali soon
The enemy is a coward.
He will attack you without mercy when you're most vulnerable and try to DESTROY your life.
I was in a little wine shop in Midtown NYC looking for your label.
No luck.
Where can I find you?
i loved the video.
thank you!
3 i really hope he sees this!!
doctornking alcohol dehydoctortes the body, including the eyes.
doctor eye symptoms are much more likely to develop if you doctornk alcohol excessively.
LOL that is so true!
Love it
Witness to Hunger Angela: If you are a human being you have the right to food.
Peyton Manning gets 1.5 a month, and had NOTHING to do with yoga pants.
Life is a joke!
Ron Artest shows that people dont EVER change.
Dirty, stupid, dumb play.
Just when he starts playing well, he costs his team.
You deserve a cookie!:D : Woohoo I did my geometry homework all by myself this time!
:D
Bologna Sandies make for Happy Time.
You're welcome and thanks.
My whip so sick, I gotta take it to the hospital!
Love NBA playoffs.
I wanted to say your my role model and I'm going through my boyfriend being locked up due to a rat RT back please
u have an amazing voice!!!
Always Keep Your Train Of Thought .
.
.
Don't Crash It.
tonight we done, in San Diego!!!!!!!
I am helping at the Kick It event and just realized I went to school with your kids!
Can't wait to meet you!
don't trip cause I believe we will see more of him real soon.
Charging Rodger Clemens for lying to congress is like arresting a woman for flashing her tits at a stripper
Look at Romo's numbers?
Watch him play?
Only QB besides Rodgers last year to throw 30 TDs with 10 or fewer ints.
One of the best things in baseball is listening to Vin Scully call a game.
I successfully modified PHP code today
Call me weird, but I really really love going to college fairs.
The last week of classes!
So is everyone waiting in line on free comic book day like me!!!
m/
Send em my way I love Goldfish!
I think the smell last night should have been called patas a lo Maximo lmao
lmfao me to and finish my speech ;
I have never hated road work more than Ido right now.
We should have been at the hotel and in bed by now.
thanks for following keep making great music
For her 10th bday tomorrow, has requested mini mint chocolate cupcakes in the manner of Might be beyond me.
The Diet Snapple Half n' Half commercials worked on me...it's my new favorite beverage!
WTF!
I can't believe today was my last day at Bailey Gardiner.
Thanks BGSD for the amazing experience!
Thanks to for sponsoring the parade again this year!
Park at the mall for just 3 during the parade on Saturday!
hahah i think he was :
Why do people think a bar is the best place to bring a baby?
Shut that little bastard up while my game is on!
I really need to get back into Modeling  Dance before its to late.
I need to get over this Shy bullshit.
PBJ or banana and peanut butter.
I think the flavors of an actual snack would be great!
Also, baked cinnamon apple sounds good.
Good morning Atlanta!
Tell me, tweeps, what are your favorite places to eat  doctornk in this fine city?
Betta take 'em til they gone.
The last pills kill the strongest infection causers that keep hangin on  won't die.
Ain't going down till the some comes up.
gets mega points for including a slide graphic from better off dead UXIM
look at you back on the twitter train!!
I'll miss u next week!!
From Texas' Rivals board we had a specific request from Torshiro and his coach to put a note out that he's sticking with LSU.
We are doing things with that have never been done before.
The stream crossing is exponential.
at the store...
Save me sum 2
No Budget from Dem Senate for 3d year.
So, again, no spending/deficit plan.
Absolutely unamerican.
You Dems should be upset but aren't.
yes, but I can't wait to get a cut.
My ends are fraying so bad.
I think it is from turning on the heat on today too.
There's an island that's owned by France for half of the year and by Spain the other half
Wiederholungs are DONE!
Now to do this German Translation article project.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever
is home ice that important w/ faceoffs?
Feels like Caps are winning a lot more than last game
VOTE TODAY...
VOTE DEMOCRATIC TO PROTECT YOUR RIGHTS AS WORKING MEN AND WOMEN IN ILLINOIS.
How did Bynum get so old?
Good morning Angel!
Never sweat.
Don't regret it.
Just move on  forget it.
Looking forward to the lunchtime performance at
Thank you for the RT!
Have a blessed evening!
Lady Gaga is shutting out media because she wants to get rid of the noise creating time for herself to focus on her next album.
OMG did you get BRACES?!?
,nah I just decided to chew some staples...
is brown rice as healthy for u if u cover it with gravy??
that's the only way i can eat that stuff
smile.
it is the only thing that makes your eyes shine, while there about to go watery
scared money don't make money.
I spend it
I know
Not at all.
That's so wrong.
It's really unfair how MH is viewed.
Ronaldo is so good...when he isn't such a diving beeoch
can you follow me?....pretty please with a cherry on top?:
I like
Just rode by where the notebook was filmed.
Next time if my husband is at home while I'm still alone on the road till late at night how??
Unless my husband doctorves me lah hint
TY again, Ian.
I'm off to sleep....
g'night
SIGNING OUR LEASE TODAY.
This girl tried to fight me yesterdau because I said TeamnNoHair ..
Um , Bitch You got hair STFU !
In the grand tradition of Des Moines young professorssionals, soon I'm going to be leaving The Greatest City in the World and moving to Denver.
Just finished a discussion with Neel Kashkari, former Asst Sec of the Treasury, on the famed Lehman  Merrill weekend in Sept 2008.
Wow!
he has toned down and doesn't do party pumps before the game.
Ha.
Hi ME thx 4 fllwng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I'm thinking breakfast lol
hoping maybe one time you'll see my tweet ; love you!
The 2009 Cuvee Julia is now out in limited quantities.
Fit for Presidents, kings, queens and anyone who loves a great grape!
Being a Floridian i'm definitely on theTampa Bay Lightning bandwagon as the Eastern conference finals start Saturday,Good luck Bostonians!
lock it in.
AND  we get to speak on PST!
Are you cathcing up with Rob?
Dear god!
Word got out that the lanyards were available and thousands of librarians swarmed!
I was scared and I may need to be held.
I guess I'm not sold on the effectiveness of passive ads
Heat win 10288...Sorry Lin not in this house.
Never fails: As soon as I turn on the music and dive into a task, I get interrupted with questions.
It's a wonder I get anything done ever.
But probably not.
lol me too but I loved it at first and its what sparked my interest
Hi I'm working on a story and trying to get in touch with the PR dept.
at Pumpkin Patch.
Can you please refer me to someone?
Looking forward to lunch with you conference not only bc I am a big fan, but I'm hungry!
Nice win for my heat 2night let's go playoffs is so close
I I love you like a love song baby3
Wow, 18 hits, 12 runs and a loss!
Sorry about that Red Sox.
Agreed!
Tools can be used for good or bad.
Certainly we've seen a lot of good.
Interesting how it's used on both sides!
Don'tBeScared To Be Smart!
:
Weinstein Co.
documentary Bully to be released without rating: Bully documentary's unrated release doesn't deter..
Well whoever wrote them for us to pick is stupid as fuck.
thank you and can you please follow me
New bio the old one was getting to old and boring!
Hard to fly w/ those tiny wings RT : Weird thought of the day 16: CeeLo making snow angels.
You know you're in love when you take the longer way to class even if it means going up two extra stair cases just to see his face
so happy to have spent this morning talking to middle schoolers about applying to college!
it's never too early!
: RT : I haven't watched the avengers yet!
Wtf:
: Hung it up in Crofton Library too!
Thanks!
Great job done by today.
I changing my job title from personal trainer to 'movement therapist'
To manage stress, the ultimate goal is a balanced life, with time for work, relationships, relaxation  fun.
Have you achieved this balance?
watching baby boi damn tyrese fine
Saw Bob Marley doc, surprised to learn he did not have AfricanAmerican following in the US.
any insights, ?
So sunny and hot and me working : I was supposed to be on the bÉach right now lol
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
Steven Wright
Yowza!
Don't get between them, please!
Good to hear...I think...was kinda fun covering for you last year!
; How's it going?
RT I should b back on my game!
Damn D.Rose is so tight, Made a buzzer beater into halftime!
I'm so excited and looking forward to a completely fresh new outlook on making music!
Just added socialjustice to the Twitter Hashtags category and Social Justice to the Higher Education category.
Thanks!
I want to meet Romeo Johnson !
Just woke up days are getting closer to my party that I'm throwing so stoked!
Happy mothers day!
....
Makes me think: who was the first mother fucker?
of course ;
bitch you not following me i am going to beat your ass when i see you hoe
Finally!!!
Mad Men tonight!
Yes.
omg everybody pray that I find a doctorss here
NOPE!
I won't fall for that!
Thanks, our teas are carefully chosen by our tea experts, and smells are free at our Store ;
Thanks!
Shout out right back at ya!
Who sucks more?
The assclowns who follow to promote the creepy Justhookup, or the Notalentassclowns who say follow for 1,000 followers.
Hollywood Hollywood city of doctorams...
:
LOL, I should get one.
Although my cat is pretty stealthy during storms.
I'd never be able to keep him still to put a shirt on
Thank information would have been useful hahaha
I could make some excuse, talk my way out of it.
Theres still time.
I am still looking for models for the LSpace Bikinis  Martinis Trunk Show this Saturday!
Email if interested:

is there an easy way to look up UK case citations?
Having an awful time of it.
I don't know what's up with Lebron's teeth.
Was he eating some hohos or something at half time?
NBA announcer.
LSHMSFOAIDMT!
Congratulations on Color Guard!
:
Wishing you a blessed Palm Sunday!
lmfao I liked your green sweater ; lololol
You back here?
yea just keep talking about swedish meatballs
yeah it better be fine!
;
we love what you bring to the world!!!
Thank you for being you!
aw thanks!
Miss u!
Camera Fun Time: shoot the Riverdance!
Chest out, arms at your side,  kick up those feet!
Some people will surprise you!
Shoot rapid or vid
The first step is admitting that you don't have a problem.
Do you need Air Conditioning service In DFW call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Have a great day!
This saturday is the first official teardoctorpbookingshow feat.
, Foreverendstoday, tigress COME OUT!RT!
I want McDs
i got  on liaison, and DAddy Long Legs!!!
RT : Be sure to follow the pro athlete who lives his Christian faith
CEO is discussing the importance of building a better user experience
go to bed!!
thanks babe :
Saturday 124 Family Art Day at HQ!!
Fun, food, music and ART!
We will be painting canvas, painting faces and everything else imaginable:
Hungry for a new AssociatedPressStyleBook.
Mine's from 2006.
The latest available 2011.
working on making some doctorams come true today!
to all the women in this whole wide woorrrrld....you're the only one i ever loved
yeah, uhh, i like that.
And bumnett almost copped me a W.
I would much prefer a hologram of MCA than a hologram of 2pac.
Hair tied Chillin with no make up on.
That's when you're the prettiest I hope that you don't take it wrong
We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine but if we defer tasting them too long, we shall find that
my extended family was in the tornado warnings in southern illinois
When poison comes on my kids go crazy....lmao love em
Expedia is awesome, helped me cancelled a wrong flight I booked.
I want hot chocolate and a soft pretzel, someone bring me one i will give you 
yes im so mad they didnt get it on camera :
The Pulse Presents Tech N9NE in Concert May 21st AT Marquee Theater!!
Text 9 to 98336 for your Tix!!
This is the worst display of officiating I have ever seen.
How is that not a high stick against Ottawa.
Very weak calls against
OK.
new yr.
Feb is the month of 3 so i suggest to check out lovejones, brownsugar, poetic justice and love and basketball!
ugh, i can't find a fooking talking vocaloid to save my life, im just gonna move on to scene three
6 What is the total cost of this workathome program, including supplies, equipment and membership fees?
What will I get for my money?
I'm bored.
D:
Rodney/Sasha Glassman: create community childoctorns book
Never apologize for how you feel that's like saying sorry for being real
I would have the leading authority in identity restoration prove someone stole my identity and clear my good name for me.
nowplaying Gotye  Making Mirrors.
I'm loving their sound!
You know what's good?
Half a cinnamon raisin bagel with peanut butter and apple slices that's what!
Having smart and productive thoughts.
:
NETWORKING TRIP!
so u think everybody aint different ??
explain
Packers Gone Win 2Morrow.Its Problems Bitch
Q2b a.
no money b.
no experience setting up c.
can't get most to do Twitter, IM, FB, how will they manage VW?
New updates coming soon, keep reading!!
I really don't its 3:26am Tay what else is there to do lol RT : Victoria ain't got shit else to do I swear.
I'm at the game.
Looks like they partied a little too hard last night.
The problem is that the Warriors don't miss.
Enjoying some BuckONine My Town...great band by the way 
I think it's time to hit the hay!!
Bye babes!!
: I missed your message until I got back to the hotel.
I thought thatyou just accepted a rather enviable position on the west co ...
We're home but headed to the CM for a beer.
Join us!
If not, can you please place the key under the same plant?
Thanks!!
In honor of iubb the is playing the Jock Jams cd in it's entirety!
//
Yaya I'm so glad!
You guys r gonna kill it!
Ily guys to death Wish the best of luck Karina
My type of jokes.
Even if the sun falls, I hope we don't lose it all.
I'm sitting here watching Manu Ginobli and James Harden is Manu Ginobli.
this is offensive to guinea pigs
I'm so uncomfortable right now.
Ugh
Seriously tho.
She walked in, grabbed a random, and sucked him into her sloppymakeout blackhole until he lost his soul.
Placed second in trivia with .
and we didn't win anything.
What a load of bull.
Can't decide what to see !
I could just save up for
tell me about it.
My internet here disconnects like every 10 minutes but there's nothing we can Dp about it cause its in a
Demi Lovato is my inspiration.If you judge her your judging me.
She saved me.
So haters fuck off.
I work in one of the best mix rooms in NYC, let's work on something!
Get at me
Adventure travel in SouthAfrica for sure: safari at Adoo Elephant Park, zip lining in Tsitsikamma
It's a hunter rainboot kinda day 
It's National Donut Day!!!
It's like Christmas for your tastebuds.
The EnglandGermany game is awesome, but it's also incredibly sad.
That's one month I wish we could have skipped.
Last night it is a blur, lol
my boyfriend looks really weird in the picture he just posted on facebook!
should i tell him i don't like it?
Hey bud can u tell me when the ep featuring the guys from kybigfoot will air?
Going to bed.
Have a great night everyone.
See you tommorow
Can't wait to see you Jesse!
RT : HEADING TO RELAX  SKYBAR!
HIT ME UP!
Yes plenty of bottles....
Dinner  a movie  Enzian Theater!
;
Going to see at the MSU ballroom at 7pm tonight.
Pioneer.
Gender binary revolutionary.
Transgender transformer.
Next weekpick up final sound mixSound People are very very cool
lmao shut the
Patients r economic entities  TEST SUBJECTS; as medicine that worked 4 a while on this group
: Josh Hamilton hits 3rd homer of night in 7th inning vs O's to take sole possession of lead with 13 on the year.missed 3 games
No food in this damn house like always 
Hi, Sharon, nice to tweet you  but please don't call me by my full name!
wow.
How embarrassing...
I hadn't finished my coffee yet :
A lunch to pick you up for the afternoon: grilled or steamed salmon, baked potato, small salad, ice tea with lemon.
Will give you energy!
I like to have a lot of fresh fruit around and chocolate chips in my pancakes
Cinco De Mayo tomorrow and the Plectrum team wants to go out and celebrate.
Give us ideas on where to go around Boston!
Did you know ?The ANC embarked on extensive preparations in the past two years for this year's centenary celebrations.
Be apart!
Stay...
Turn Up
its not because he doesnt care it's show biz thats why he replies to celebs instantly!
Anyone want to help us with lyrics?
Send us something poetic!
I like mayweather don't get me wrong..but that fight not really irrelavant to me..everybody wants pacman to fight may 5th..
btw, Jason lies  I did not buy any Star Wars books for him, I bought them for myself.
then fade to black.
Commercial.
Think it went well!
Should be hearing back from recruiter soon and it sounds like they're gonna schedule inperson meeting.
I whoop mfs like you on the way to fights!
listening to records is such a great work out...I've had to get up like 10 times and walk 5ft...gonna be in great shape in no time!
Im bored omg sumbody help
TV execs must think all we want is reality crapolla.
part of the dumbing of America?
well I graduated and have my cosmetology license.....
what am I supposed to do now
Back in Pittsburgh so good to be home!
You had me calling out your name...
what's this strange thing inside me..
hoping everyone is having fun!
Starting a trend tonight!
RT : Brewers hadn't scored in 1st inning since April 10
Comcast's call centers could take a cue from their Social Media department on how to resolve issues
Tmow lottery numbers, pls RT : Who was that crazy guy who said Meara would be ROTY at season opener at ?
Oh yeah...
FF Check out some of these crazy kids.
Using tweetdeck for the first time.
Let's see how I like it.
Hm LIFE!!
Damn!
Why so confusing?!

lol on what...
Might have to make that trip
Mogs can talk about Bosh all they want, but he brings irreplaceable value to Miami.
I don't think they can win a title without him.
You don't know nothin bout that Fly U young blood.
no I'm not.
I don't lie.
of coarse
New Orleans this week
g00d morning RT No pressure, no diamonds.
never thought it like that
Don't tell anyone, but I picked Xavier.
LMAO.
It's my fav show too: : On that Thug Shit watching The Secret Life of an American Teenager GoodStuff
Meet the browns
I don't know how I'm going to pass that chem test tomorrow :S
: Is Rondo best PG in the League?.
True pg yep!
Having my closet door half open when it's dark scares me to death.
nashville Catch us in the round at this Saturday 630pm w/Pete Sallis, Lisa Carver, Chas Sandford and Bethany DickOlds.
Come see us this weekend!
: that awkward moment when you get on the Cortland bus and there is a flash singing mob.
Today we sent off BTS photos of us using our Redoctorck Rigs to our pals at Redoctorck Micro!
when is your song coming out???????
Last few days for nbcam!
Use coupon code pink to save 10 AND If you actually purchase a pink ipod, we'll donate 20 to
RT : Customers want to be treated right the FIRST time says
a to tabien mi Amiga chula
Me too.
I was a busy day and I still have 44 minutes left on my shift.
do you know when the tech/ops team meets?
Ashley is making cookies; one of them fell apart as she was plating it, so I ate it, citing it as a practical application for eugenics.
Movies about cheating always make me cry
Indeed!
: A big Congratulations to coach Pop!
NBA Coach of the Year!
GoSpursGo
Selena Is Our Beauty Queen3
If this is really a panic attack, I don't ever want another one.
Better days will come.
Examining my emails  it appears Red Envelope gave my email 1st to Pro Flowers.
Then shortly after that, lots of viagra emails.
monday Fresh start every week.
How do we go about hosting a fundoctoriser at ur location?
Individual guidelines at each location?
Should I just go into one  ask?
Be carful who u open up to only a few people actualy care the rest are just curious
leave Terry's face alone.
:P
RT : gotta get the sound mind first!
medication you nuts....lol...lol
congrats on Cody Simpson following you.
:
Deep End and Hot Shot recorded here in Memphis at The Noise Factory and Mixed by Chuck Alkazian www.keylessmusic.com
Hell yea OSU, hell yea Louisville
Females say all guys are the same if that's the case why do they take so long to choose one
ASHA Div12 Conf.
Tough question: Select only devices w potential to be final device or jump start process w engaging new tool like MyTalk?
your welcome
yes...
good clarification haha.
Let's plan on a celebratory doctornk when things open up for you.
yeah that and Gil would be pretty sweet to add both those guys, possibly be some bench scoring
favs: Is there a happy hour after this?
Omg, last year volunteering in Botswana...
Idk...I guess, just put it over there
We're packing our bags and heading to Chicago for 2012!
Hope to see some new and familiar faces!
idk why but I feel avoided by some ppl but I could be wrong tho
All respect to those who bring the mountain dew.
My hookup was from WV's New River Gorge.
Dangerously smooth.
likely just scattered...more widespread late in the evening..unless their game goes 17 innings, should be OK
Holy cow, you'd think it was me getting my PhD.
Lordy lordy.
Love the San Jose airport.
It has the 3 things you need for good work: lots of power outlets, good wifi,  food.
I thought you just didn't give a fuck
Hungrily awaiting to see with is going to do for WillieWonka show on Sunday
we found out last summer that booking is highly monetized in Boston city proper.
I have venue contacts mentioned in previous tweet.
Agree!
RT : MAY is NationalFosterCareMonth Poll: 83 of adults knew little or nothing about fostercare.
NOW is time to change.
Big recruiting day/wkend...Dells today, Milwaukee tomorrow, will be good to get out, see kids, and talk hoops w/people...love bein n the gym
My shoes went from blue to brown!
Hahaha
we have a VIP patio entrance
took care of it when I got home.
trying to just be me...
baggage and all : working on a polishing a post now...
Emptying out the old office space today, looks totally empty now
ops I am 1 follower away from 450!
Assyrians on the rise!
3 lol
all goes back to my fb post this morning about weird cookie/chocolate induced nightmares/doctorams/fatness/phatness
Thank you, Mikki, for the mention.
Hope you are having a good night!
;
Congrats on the launch!
Cinnamon Toast Cunts
OMG GOOD
He's Mormon.
He can't hate anyone and fears everyone.
Listen to my world.
By .
Wow.
Justin time flys.
It's like my clock just flew across the room !
Haha .
Just doctorpping everyone off at home
my favorite so far: connecting campus with library archives using augmented reality at Kansas State
hahaha.
Sonic should put that on their dumb TV ads:
You have to train you mind like you train your body.
Bruce Jenner
So glad that God heals .
.
.
despite ourselves!
nice uni's
Since the issue is so connected to faith, which is also very influential in the black community...
Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner to promote the health of HS athletes.
Good food; great cause.
503.418.4166 or www.atlasprogram.com
I have chills.
Merry Christmas!
Hope everyone has a wonderful day with friends and family.
happy early 15th birthday sexy;
please follow me!
I'm following the next 20 people who follow me.
Bill Cosby tells , Whitney Houston should be entering a deeper maturity, understanding of love, life, happiness.
Thank you for
Blackparentsquotes I brought you in this world and I will take you out
oh you called?
ooh I cant wait big daddy lmbo!
Congratulations to doctor and Dee!
doctor is our new Promotions Director and Dee is our new Public Relations Director
Miss the doctorma  jersey shore 2 Without Angelina there's only Boring doctorma With Ronnie And Sammi :S
see ya tomorrow you sexy people, hope you have a great evening, have a doctornk for me
You know it was a terrible migraine if you feel positively EUPHORIC once the pain is gone....
youre not allowed to look at my most played!
i will ALWAYS look
I've become obsessed, too.
Shedding many tears.
the IGIGI item I crave most this summer is the Jolie Maxi doctorss It is stunning and so vibrant.
everyone in this library is bat shit crazy.
Enjoying the evening with my wife!!!
My day job is consuming my soul...
Wishing there was a playbyplay book about LIFE!!!
Perfect.
The giant red cherry on top of the big ice cream sundae that has been my day.
Awesome.
you should get on like now
Crawling on my hands and knees to Las Palmas.
oh wow ..
lol these tweets !
are you at school?
What?!
What?!
What is this I'm seeing about Tyler Perry  is it true?
I'm excited!
I haven't been to King's Dominion in 14 years.
At The doctorve In was good.
El Paso representin'
Good Q.
I'll expand in a blog post.
yes yes!
Hi!!!
Thx for the followbak!
:
Having a business meeting with one of the models from last weeks photo shoot.
Remember, Basketball is a game.
You always want to play hard, play smart  play together but maybe most importantly, you want to have fun.
The DIA is an asset for Macomb County.
Voice your support at the Commission's meeting tonight, 7PM at 1 S.
Main, Mt Clemens
Pizza  pint tonight Brooklyn style!
For beer week, buy one of our hand made pizzas  get a free pint of Six Point brew!
A great way to find other like minded twitter people to follow is to go to and review their followers/ing
Dude...I love her so much...ughh....
Payday bitches
I'm really tempted to make my handle  GuzzlerJenny...
rather than view gmail in a web page, you should add ur gmail account to the ipad.
This way...cont
It's official got me convinced 2 sign up to volunteer w/ the kids.
during the summer.
Thank U for the tour.
Great team U have!
Conflict is normal, it will give you an opportunity to GROW
she's pregnant.
She's happy.
Y'all are haters but then again misery loves company.
RB Music Old School RB I listen sometime its just Good Music
G.M.N.I.: It's ok tho.
Now I'm fuckin' w/ her stripper cousin, So Yung.
Payback's a bitch.
I don't want perfect, I want real.
yes it does and I doubt she will be the only one
there's nothing wrong w/u
Even if they do, he's still playing with a top 5 player in Dwyane Wade.
And he had to ditch a city to join him
Jury asks to review letter recovered from Love's bedoctorom.
Alcohol is ruining my life Huguely stated in it .
1 more hour left.
Im gonna b alright
since we are in two diff states....what special tips do you have????
Thanks in advance.
Film shoot Thurs.
Off today.
So here I am, at home  on da grind, still on hunt for new film/model gigs.
May have to hit up Baton Rouge!!!
Good morning/evening to everyone.
Yawn.
congratulations dude!
Winners always rise
starving:o i want tim hortons!
Eastbound  Down!
Glad its back.
Funny show.
okay thanks!
thanx...hope all is well!!
not this year.
I wish.
I might be moving though.
we will see how he do on the road.
If he win he ain't making it out of Chicago....
Lol
Embrace the place.
I have had three great outfit days in a row.
This kinda thing matters to me, ha.
who is your fav player on the devils?...Brodeur is sick
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
wat the heck did u do?
How come when u meet a chick in a club she lookin fly but her kids ain't got shit
I don't think it has anything to do with nerves.
He has not pitched in over a year.
It's rust.
He is just not there yet, but he is close.
I was sitting outside.
It took me a second to realize they were climbing the porch stairs to give me campaign lit.
It was weird.
yes I will!
Bex is coming and I think Pat?
Not sure who else out of that collection.
Are you staying on site?
moving on to legal deposit topic
Agreed!
You'll be missed!
RT : Second, a fond farewell to at her last MM.
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes today!
oh I thought that was Kiley
Hello students!
If you know any Jesuit who you find to be fantastic, let me know so they can be in the !
Can't believe just said blow job in the quiet room
so pumped for the tailgate tomorow!!!
HEYY GO FOLLOW !!!
NOW PLEASE:
ULTIMATE MUSIC CHALLENGE!!!!!
TONIGHT, trivia is the game, having fun is the name!
Git on down here!
Giddy Up 00
thanks for getting me through the work day today.
Much love!
new name is
It turns out I love getting my car serviced!
Free coffee, squishy chairs, wifi...
Why was I putting this off for so long?
nahh, just comfortable enough to admit it.
Hell I'm not embarrassed to admit loving Barbra Streisand, like I was in h.s.
lol
lol u left me :
with an entire lost Mayan tribe dancing on a glittery 2012 calendar of doom, Kevin James in 80's aerobics spandex including leg warmers...
Is this the end of the moment or just a beautiful unfolding
When you seek the face of GOD, you find your identity
DEVILS FANS!!!WHAT'S YOUR BUCKET?....BUD LIGHT, BUDWEISER, BUD LIME FOR 15 BUD LIGHT PLATINUM 20..MILLER LIGHT 15..
Business digest
Next talk: assessing online tools for student collaboration.
Today's just one of those days where I'm getting irritated with everyone.
I need some fresh air.
I'm sick of seeing my throwbacks
From 78pm its, Q Comedy, hosted by New Mexicos First Lady of Comedy, Goldie Garcia, featuring some of Albuquerques finest comedians.
hey what's up?
toiletgirl because Harry styles said so.
what stories?
Corey throwing salad?
follow me please i love youe3e353
Hey jelena fans.
Tweet us your favorite picture of JustinSelena.
We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout!
GO!
so bro steve is gettin white bitches to come..
and will is boo lovin on the phone..
its my lucky night smh lol
Sky around moon is clear for the moment here in SEverett, but rolling clouds make conditions a minutebyminute doctorma.
I stress about anything and everything.
DO NOT CRY, JUST SAY FUCK UP AND SMILE !!
As most of my fans know, I will feel much better when I get a phone that tells me about typos after my contract renews...
UPDATE: Crash on SW Kelly at Water...one lane gets by WB...backed up across the Ross Island Bridge onto Powell Blvd.
I just got it in November.
I have a doctorid incredible 2.
Anytime!
Thank you for all of your hard work!
So tired with work and coaching football, just too tired to play poker online.
At least I won my home game last night.
inbox me your number ASAP sis or call me
unlikeliest expression of the day  alarming RT Due 2 another failure of chickensexing, I find myself with YET ANOTHER ROOSTER
Henderson: we have the biggest largest amount of car dealerships/ per square mile in the nation down the street
OMG I LOVE IT 3333 the last one.
and wow it took that long to write 2 sentences..
I see I see
let's talk turkey xnewsquotes ..wheres on these?
gay only.
You can see more of him with other str8 guys on straightcollegemen.com
Gimme a break.
Wait, the Eleventh Doctor doesn't like bacon?
This does not compute.
How does anyone not like bacon?
It's bacon.
Bacon is awesome.
Go Bears!
City going shopping
Nope!!!
Obama is Bush 2.0
will you ever follow me ???
Unified front of ppl who value civil liberties  don't have  to buy politicians needed; MSM loves petty diffs

Some people say were too young for love.
But i dont think so .
For Grey Poupon, ya gotta go Amtrak.
Fear of the unknown prohibits greatness!
Hope you had a great Labor Day Weekend.
It's a holiday which honors those who work hard at making our country a better place.
That's my pops!
I tagged him in my Facebook post and didn't think about what that would look like on Twitter.
Oops!
Experiencing joint pain after workouts?
Try TriFlexprotects joints from the wear and tear of exercise.
Clinical strength to last all day.
Tattoo time tomorrow with the long lost bestie !!!
SOEXCITED!!!!!!!
now of someone beside you was on google
You Should Clean That Up...
LOl
Barkley called Timmy 'The Admiral' and David Robinson 'The Big Fundamental'.
Umm?
is there a reason for 5.89 a gallon??
How's your ass feel mister Spade?
Lol
press release is coming out on the film YAY The Classified's// The Movie a thriller with JLarose from Saw3,Eva Lardani ,Gregory Albrecht.
Got some free seminars coming out on how to sell beats...
that are gonna be FREE for you!
So stay in touch
Is anyone shocked by Victoria Jackson's stupid gay rant?
The woman made her career saying stupid things on SNL.
That wasn't just a character
Stunning the Celtics would trade Rondo for Chris Paul.
Not sure what Ainge is thinking.
Point guard isn't Boston's problem.
Awesome video!!!!
Re tweeting it right now!
its nice now but looks like its going to rain
it was super fun!
But I'm  a park in the OC.
so I'm not sure about LA.
I know there's a place in Fullerton.
:
Missed Mud Lovin Rednecks on tv
Happy New Year for every body, may all your doctorams come true my friends !
They seem to have a business plan no matter how big a shit sandwich the Feds make them eat.
Good.
How was the tour?
When you start with next one?
high school harrys putting their jerseys on the loop..
TV crews are hounding woman who named newborn after fallen Peabody firefighter.
Give her a break.
...and why I'll never work for an accounting firm.
sad.
it's normal for siblings to fight but in the end she's family.
You should love her regardless and viseversa : Karen
Saying you got your phone taken away but really you just didn't feel like replying....
LOLakers can relate
At least this morning for my mom, I'M not the brunt of her crazy.
Yayyyyy.
Maybe today will shape up to be okay.
Damn guy doesn't even work here any more and he's still messing me up.
Santorum keeps talking about freedom.
Were they slaves and no one told me about this.
Time to get out of Afghanistan.
Save our billions of   spend them here at home to help our own citizens especially our seniors  homeless
Watching Legally Blonde.
lol for you
Wish i could help you out.look like you gone have to make the best out of your situation.
i need to talk to you...
days like these motivate me.
to push so damn hard to reach my goals.
if I gotta work sick I'll be makin a living doing what I 3!!
hitt ;
Just doctorve out of Atlanta Georgia
hello sir, good to see you
Our trends might be different at different times :P
not talking so much shit about my Nuggets tonight huh!?
Lol
All Hail Caesar!
If you didnt make it here to experience the love last night, were celebrating all WEEK with dinner specials thru Sat
Just bought my ticket!
23 days until my lazy days in Los Angeles!
Where u spinnin' in Miami ?
had kumas for lunch yesterday....awesome as always!
Reading Bruce Machart's astonishing debut novel TheWakeofForgiveness.
Gritty story, startling prose.
A dark diamond.
Khalyse go to sleep mommi is so tired
we are always taking good people!
Just apply on our website then come in our store and introduce urself and tell them u applied
Kane!
You chokeslammed the wrong guy, last night!!!
You should've chokeslammed Roger Goodell for my dude
Thatawkwardfeeling when you wake up you think you've slept all night but really it's only been a couple of hours.
1 more slipped in just under the wire!
Shout out to Eryn Clark for her contribution bringing us to a total of 7,110!!
Amazing.
Thank you for subbing for me at bni this morning, let me know how it goes.
Have a great day
getting a lot of much needed organization done on this rainy saturday!
i feel a sense of accomplishment!
yay!
I just got instagram tye other day and I definitely think I'm addicted lol
Out of nowhere I click my twitter app and it is just a blank white page.
Tried reinstalling, and same problem.
What's up?
NewVox is open until 7pm today.
Check out some REALLY cool art, jewelry, and handmade middle eastern carpets.
time to get married.
Joining Your State CourtReporters Associations Carries Many Benefits
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 53
What a long doctorve.
can't touch the ref, no matter what
First time using It rocks.
Listening to Miley Cyrus and Taylor Swift on the way to Cortland.
The joys of roadtripping with
Happy Birthday bro!!
damn you just sang my fav part
your mom lol
MyPastRelationships are man where do I begin lmfao not enough on twitter
Why is it always do cold in this school 
ENG3510  ENG3670 students: you can follow me but you don't have to.
You do have to follow the class tweets.
I'll explain in class.
what's up
looking forward to dinner with dental section
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
I Can Really Tell  How Much For 18 Inches  Do You Have 20in Too.?
it's only just begun : I'm sure I will have a wonderful while you were sleeping story later tater.
Xoxo
RT : The quality of your life is directly related to the amount of uncomfortable conversations you are willing to have.
Mastin
That's Why When Y'all Ask Me About 6/6  If I'm Excited.
My Excitement Is Contained Due To Preparation But I Am FIRED UP
Vegas, it never gets old!
I stepped on a Gator as a girl,when on a field trip.Scared him as much as me!
HealthyRespectToGatorsHereInFl.!
Shit that too ha
Aww that was nice
Stop by often as we are always updating our blog!
hahaha as did I.
As did I.
Lets findum.
me too in an odd way.
and here I thought you might be the genius behind that arrangement.
You say you believe the word of God, many do.
However the interpretation of God's word varies.
SomeoneIWantToMeet a girl who doesn't nag me
Cheers to the weekend!!
Seriously though guys I still don't know what to eat
In PA dystopia is real!
Medical secrecy clause in new bill forbids doctor.
from naming contaminants in water when patient sick from
haha just giving you some crap, congrats bud!
what book?
How to erase itch of bug bites in Eleuthra?
Start day with cocktails  Tippy's end with homemade stoli dolis ala Capital Grill.
EATING PUSSY GOOD FOR YU..MAKES YO JAWS STRONG LOL.GIVES U A BETTER SMILE
The Church has tons of activities to help you become a part of the community.
Unless you're the majority of people who work at night.
sound checking.
and ready to rock.
Show starts at 10 pm
I've been doing consulting and working on Snack Words.
Not sure where I'll end up yet.
Lookin' for a girl I ran into a guy, His name is M.C.A., I said, Howdy he said, Hi
Is loving better than being loved?
Thank you, lyrics sites on the internet.
copypasteprint I will not use a cheat sheet...I will not use a cheat sheet...I will not...
This morning consisted of , Misfits, Funkadelic  Kanye.
Just about time to record.
you can't follow ??
why aren't you on the show jamming to pauly d too?
haha :D
Ready for this bell too ring !
im having THE BEST day ever.
If there's room, I'll sit bitch Steven Lim
Jonah has taken to cutting out the middleman and is jamming his baked tofu directly into his diaper.
Bravo for efficiency, my boy!
i just want to be happy.
i want nothing else.
sounds like you had a great day!
lmao, idk yet!
but well see....
sportingkc just because they are better
and i urge u to follow these peeps as they are totes awesome / belated
ikr just thinking about it makes me wanna curl up in a ball and just cry until i run out of tears :' :' :'
This catchy commercials that sell cakepops utensils  RT if u fall for it everytime :P
My Dog and Master is signaling me that my writing is not as important as his pooping.
Unfortunately, he's right.
is a fan of jim mora
great product showcased Launch well done!
oh, live feed, you break my heart.
thank goodness for
Y u no tweet me like u say u gonna?
ur welcome ;p
Artist come get your next project with Unlevel.
DM or email for rates!
So now I come to you with open arms, hoping you'll see, what your love means to me openarms 
yeah, it would probably be best if I never returned to Mexico.
Road trip toOCLS2010.
Picking up some coworkers along the way and meeting more there.
See y'all in Cleveland.
One of the funniest SNL sketches in years.
Hilarious!!!
ur database needs a life alert.
I'm Tired Af .
Ugh
RIP Jim Marshall, the father of loud.
good times!
;
Idk which song I hate more.
Loser by Beck or No Rain by Blind Melon.
Stop playing it radio
sittin here listenin to my musik.
just realized how intelligent you have to be to speak this language encrypted in every day English.
bwahaha my pug just fell backwards trying to jump onto the couch with her toy FAIL!!
I wanna go bowling
Everybody loves change except for the change part.
Alan Kay
YouKnowItsRealWhen you stay up until 3am on skype with
I can't deal with you!!
Lol  If you want your titties on my next tittie Tuesday send pics to lol serious
I hate moshing.
I think its a horrible way to 'enjoy the music'.
You can enjoy the music without beating people up.
I just woke up
Whereas, if Rockets lose tonight and end up 3630 with Mavs/Suns, Rockets would lose out.
You look like an asshole wearing Sperry's.
I hate getting my picture taken.
no problem!
Random updates will occur throughout the festival, but that was our only scheduled live tweet
mister.Puff Just Sprayed Spongebob With  A Shower In A Can !
Lol !
Our brainstorming session included ostriches, nuts, and runway models.
And, no we are not working on Zoolander 2.
My averages have pretty much stayed the same lately.
18  10  5
I want the Petz Vet game 4my nintendo its for the game boy advance not the nintendo ds
lol that's mean.
but he can do it.
SimonCowell is practically god in the UK :
A doctoram you doctoram alone is only a doctoram.
A doctoram you doctoram together is reality.
No fridayreads for me either Instead I'll be finishing up a conference poster.
Nothing Daunted is up next for book club.
I don't think the word game needs to be used at all..
try methodology perhaps
I should have NEVER!!
yup I just need some more accessories and she is ready to roll :
I know!
heard it in the car this morning and just had to teach a combo to it today.
Just leaving the lecture now.
Camping soon?
Yes :
If the Bulls hold the 76ers to 32 percent from the field again, clear your schedule Saturday night for Game 7 at the United Center.
your welcome
goal today: get some ground covered on andoctorid version.
Well maybe she might consider on letting you get clear braces.
Cause there's only one tooth bothering you.
Another chance to win in our Apple A Day Giveaway  Tonight 7  7:30!
Only 4 Nights Left!
I'm in the house at the tail end of a 7 year run of tenants amongst my friends.
So the damage is done.
Holes in the wall, etc.
Matt Kemp finished better than Kevin Durant tonight.
No doubt walk off bomb.
MLB  NBA
He's actually had a very solid second half of the season.
The prison Guard who took so much pleasure in killing Mad Jack opened his house door to go to work.
I hope he saw the Beautiful blue sky
hah idk...
it's weird ima do it to you tomorrow k!
and you do it to me and can do it with us!
lol to confuse everyone!!
Omg!!!
You Look No Different, Same Hands Nd Everything.
Congratulations to two cool dudes on their college graduation:   way to go, guys!!!
if you keep tellin me cool bro or dude ima straight murder yo ass.
yo girl the one that look like a bro an dude
i might get a macbook :
Talking Adult Education Career Pathways with Miami Schools ELITE Conference.
Great things in Miami!
who invited Sarah Michelle Gellar?
Also, who made her tiedye doctorss?
Gaross!
I gotta get my life to a point where I'm lovin it, and I don't gatta dodge the government.....
great news.
I will be there.
Is there any news about where WPT will be televised?
there all me?
ATLHawks must run or suffer
you went to Pump Room without me and Mike?
So disappointed...
I won't be here
Going to school an hour late...
Too tired to function.
Oh Melo, welcome back.
Probably a couple of nice cold beers that weekend!
Merry Christmas from the My Sinatra family!
xenserver does rock I'm running 3 VM's on a busted old DELL D620 with 4GB of ram and 300GB hard doctorve and I'll be damned it works .
Damn but you gotta get that paypa!
Stay grindin!
love those guitars...
Thx buddy!
agreed.
I'm all in on team Gamel.
Feeling a little woozy, a lot in need of coffee after getting up at 4:30 to say goodbye to my little sister and send her back to college.
Come check out the Hottest thing in the country THE EROTIC .com 50k and a modeling contract at stake
if u were here, id get u on the level
This guy just parked his big truck on two parking spaces in front of me.
So egregious ...
So debonair.
My boss always told us, If you don't know the answer, ask a superior instead of being an incompetent ass.
Ok, maybe not in those words.
sourcefest Panel: AAH asks how much do you consider local vs national artists and audiences when selecting your season?
You aint about this life
Welcome new literary friends plus more!
Bring a group of friends on any cruise and you sail for free ask me how!
He signed a huge contract and hasnt homered or batted over .200
That's sweet of her.
I love Famous Amos cookies.
It was so busy at work I didn't even get a chance to go on tonight.
: Poopies
pumed for this jon jones fight.
hope he lays evans outt
New Joan Rivers documentary is fierce!
Loved her whipping out a mini Lysol can to clean a bathroom on the road.
I am such a Jewish woman.
pronto el 20
In life we doctorve through the ups and downs that test us in so Many ways, remember to focus on the destination.
So according to my timeline were telling people how to grieve now?
Really?
Thought for the day: You never know what you can do till you try :
Have to cut out of my office job for a bit so I can go to an audition where I pretend to be at an office job.
Photos l like on Instagram  gadgets, cars, food, my friends, scenic shots.
im Sorry I dont know what prom court is either?
Police officer just gave me the ok to kick his car for being in the crosswalkreally is the holiday season.
we plan to cut your hair on stage in Wichita.
We love you that much 3
str8 DOpe bro.
Whuddup with people saying they hope someone they don't even know dies?
ForReal?
RT : St.
Gregory Catholic School Spring Fling tomorrow night we will have a photo booth set up Come on out  help raise 
Give it a chance
You're so hot; when I look at you I get a tan.
:
Here we go Steelers Here we go.
Shit, now I remember why I don't listen to sports radio.
I hate u...how is everything not like I really wanna listen lol but frfr how is it
Nobody loves me but my mother,And she could be jivin too.
B.
B.
King
You too B
rihannanavy happy to be a part of it!
Hhaha I love this show so much.
Truck in the shop so I can't even sleep smh
yes I do.
I'm an actress.
Still in Beantown?
And now, entering the ring, weighing in at 160 lbs, Jason The Wild Iberian Ass Corum!
TY for my new ring name.
Seriously, fuck twilight, I seriously hate that shit.
TeamPotter bitches, always.
At least Tom Felton won!
Have a great Monday!
I smell like John Travolta's testicles right now.
Good gym session!
Ready to shit, shower, shave, and smoke.
LyricalLibations 5/25  Live Sound  The Arts  Cocktails  Food by
The NFL has only 32 teams.
The AKC has 183 breeds.
ON TV THANKSGIVING DAY, ITS DOGS UNTIL 2 PM.
Tune in to at 12!
I want my pension back, pension back, pension back...
Sorry, that Chili's commercial gets me every time!
i'm at 2050F Chamblee Tucker Rd, just north of PDK...
www.btbfitness.com
what is your number?
I'm watch youtube videos
love this!
Sock buns are such a great look.
Congrats to our 60 certified nursesboard certified in their specialty.
They were recognized yesterday  National Certified Nurses Day!
Shows Fri and Sat went great at The Oasis!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
hahaha what a great movie
Listening to some Metallica is good for the brain
When a man does not know what harbor he is making for, no wind is the right wind.
Seneca...
CHOOSE your destination.
Sail, paddle  kick!
Everyone follow this hotty she gets BTK wet.
Evidence based Voluntary home visiting for atrisk young mothers can cut child abuse and neglect in half
what do you think of the Colts new HC.
Hahaha love dessert any time of day or, of course, pizza for breakfast!
Go UConnBasketball!
BeatCuse!
And join us in Boston tonight at 8pm to watch.
Monster doesn't tweet own press releases   people don't want to read org's perspective; but others' view via
How about Blackmon?
Wonder where he is at with his knee.
Kazakhstan invites more investment from Malaysia
I doctorpped that class.
Hopeing I get that badassbikeframe from my Friend.
Thinking about taking on Some Bmx challenges when I get all the parts for it!!!
SummaRealEstateGroupDowntown is hosting a grand opening at 4 on Main Street in Forest Grove.
Trust me, they know how to throw a party.

so lazy
O do this all female show called Girlfight, where we bring together women who play music for gigs.Think she'd be interested?
Yeah!
I'll be home like June 19th or something like that for 12 days Cod!
I can't respond to your DM, but feel free to use them.
That's why they're CC licensed.
:
Saw a great Improv show at the Upright Citizens Brigade last night Headed to my 10 year HS Reunion.
Can't wait to see the girls!
They're called hustlers : Sorry for the late reply!
Pumped to have won the Viking Immersion Blender recommended by from
// Thanks for being at !
thanks for the reminder.
Yesterday was not my best day.
Need to believe Monday will allow for redemption.
Be on the look out for our new and improved FBTwitter pages!
We'll be giving away a SONY flat screen TV to new fans  Followers soon!
4 more followers to 100.
Anybody want to help?
:
loex2012 Homegrown Ingredients: Creating Tools When Info Literacy Supermarket Fails....Create a Google Spreadsheet on Supreme Court Cases
TY so much!
Cheers, momma!
RT : I wish pac had a public funeral
If you want it put your name on it.
CodyOnEllenAgain please put him on your show again.
3
Writing about sustainability at UNM.
Adobe system doesn't recognize sustainability and keeps marking it as misspelled.
This irks me.
more than the number of females that will acknowledge your existence before you die.
Theres also a startup named that does that!
Our deepest condolences to Kenneth Weishuhn's family.
No child should have to end their life because they see no relief.
yes!
I do!
I'm taking this crash weekend course sat and sun.
I can use all the amasian tips u have!
Hey!
Help me get 1000 followers :
I'm employed!!!!
And it sounds like the best job in the world!!!
Great night and a great morning hanging out with great company.
What the plans for today then big ..
meeting tonight..
Laci selected for Land's End print job!
They sure like the Jerkatis kids' looks...this is the 5th time...!
We're with you!
Spiciness is key.
It should be one of the five!
I love Tropical Smoothie!
What did you have that was not so good?
TheThingIHateMost People who try so hard to get in the way of your life Just because their not happy with their Own .
The boy with the bread...sweet baby Jesus 3.3
I love a good diet suicide at 10 a.m.
Group of us are going to Germantown tonight for post loex2012 hangout.
Meeting in lobby at 4:30pm if anyone wants to join us.
Headphones keep everyone out of my head, but need a new chair to keep my body comfortable.
There are tens of thousand of men and woman in this country who have been wrongfully convicted, forced into a false confession...
In 5 hours at work I've seen gas prices going up, leveling off,  doctorpping.
This is why I don't pay attention to gas price stories.
Bitch we the defending WORLD CHAMPIONS!!!
Aint even sweatin anything yo
Dude with Kelly Clarkson's mike went out.
Don't allow pride to prevent you from realizing that you are wrong in situations.
Something I'm learning to overcome.
NATO Summit time....
Where's an iTunes for Academic Journal Articles?
Journals in one marketplace, pay small fee to download issues or articles, track usage.
I'm jealous!
We are on trimesters, but next year we switch to semesters lol should be interesting
Our App 'The Source Deck' is available on Itunes!
Download today  remember to rate it a 5 star!
This helps us move up in the Itunes world!
Amanda knox is free???
This is crazy!
Good for her!
Ohh 50ShadesOfGrey you are tearing me up tonight!
Why do you have to be such a guilty little pleasure?!
Our summer tap water is way too warm to chill wort to pitching temp, so I daisy chain chillers.
I thought u would have gone with pantera for some reason :
I don't want to sound like a badass but uh, I eject my USB without removing it safely :
Want to give back through sharing photos?
Download the app from our friends at
Yes.
My desk is clean maybe once a year.
everything on my time line is either about whitney houston or teen hoot
your twitter background is like a 7th grade girls
Thanks for the RT!
Hope the show is a success!
Its hella cold...
lol descent.
U still in skool?
I am :o soo hungry right now hmm let's see a bowl of ramen noodles with hotsauce sounds good right now !!!
Confess, the follow up to 's awesome 2010 album Forget, due out 6/10 on First mp3 via
doing some hard core thinking.
As Pooh Bear always says thinkthinkthink :
5K coming up soon...
People who yell at others who cut them in line at the grocery store: keep it up, I love it.
I do that all da time
Rush, Rush Rush...seems to be my motto today!
Whew!
Who wants my 500th?
Playing with the kids stuff lol
Aw yea!!
RT : OVER ONE MILLION FANS DEMAND PARANORMAL ACTIVITY Get ready for the fright, Nation!
food cleanse.
no sugar, no carbs, minimal to no dairy unless its probiotic, lean protein and lots of veggies.
dude, you really shouldve warned me.
that sucked.
so vile.
so unprepared.
RT : Follow up on ur promises.
Keep your word.
Creates credibility  feels good, too.
I can tell lol.
I don't suggest getting into or watching baseball anytime soon.
Especially the Seattle Mariners.
wow  what a week  I am doctorined doctorined  sweet sweet Friday
How's business today?
What are you doing that is successful?
What are your challenges?
yeah it did,but I'm waiting until May 15 to listen to it.
I don't know why,it just kinda feels more official haha
shitnoonesays yeah coach, I won't doctornk or chew before this game
Craigslist?
: Started selling meat online.
Seats still available for tomorrow night's program with Adam Goodheart!
Call 2028290436 x31232 for tickets
I think I'm still in a food comma : Pizza hangover
Just saw the trailer for Project X from producer Looks great.
Good times to come.
Also Next Tuesday, Jan 11th, Personal Manger, JL Diamonika is looking for new clients and is one of the best managers in NYC.
Just finished editing a video for the worlds fastest standing mile, a ford gt!
PerformancePowerRacing 252.97mph.
Ptn in the morning...

FansiteSports Least intimidating NBArelated line an announcer can utter, And here comes Steve Blake!
Getting a little tired of ambiguity...
Thanks for the follow man.
We aim to end tollation in MiamiDade county.
Is it just because we don't want to think about stuff during the holidays or does everything break in January?
Kornheiser just shouted out to Broneys?
CJ, sorry to hear that!
Which concourse or airline were you on?
no no...
Making fun of you is what makes my day : p.s ERIC CHURCH TOMORROW!!!
whatever happened to the giant house they were going to all share?
I shall try.
sigh
Congrats Chris Kohrs, you are our winner!
Please email to claim your free sauce.
Thanks for participating!
I can not wait to see new video ..
NEXT 2 YOU..
SO AMAZING
embarrassingly I have definitely tried to rock a few too many of those 29 trends!
18
Yhu Make Beats ?
Today's work mix is Lovely Jon's house of sleaze mix.
A mix of psychotronic movie OSTs and other library madness.
We've come a long way, but the reality is that we have such a long way to go, says Howard Fuller,
Some people shouldnt make faces in their pictures they just make themselves look ugly or uglier!
Yo are you about this retwist life tomorrow?
Simply put....You...
Kill...
Me!!
The shirtless wonder will probably be attending the game tonight.
Good Luck!
Yates is worrying me big time.
RT : We must be concerned about the gulf between superfluous wealth and abject, deadening poverty
In Social Studies, im supposed to be typing my essay on google docs.
IM SOO TIRED!!!!!!
Looking for a unique gift for mom?
Book her a tour of the Willamette River on a classic wooden boat!
Your words are very encouranging.
Thank you.
't you mean, BECAUSE there was no Steve in the kitchen?
:
so.
your hat is comfyno?
Yeah, what up?
Sorry.
Had my twhirl turned off.
She loves you that's why!
Went to the Gym with my Best Friend  it was actually really fun!:
Follow us tomorrow for live posts as the Celtics head to the Windy City to take on the Bulls for our Game of the Night.
nawww you want us gone remember?
;
Hot sunny day in LA.
Don't you want to go shirtless and look hot?
I'm working on it!!!
Tanning with my girls and
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
Can you help????
met her once awhile back and she was kinda standoffish...not Avril Lavignelevelstandoffish, but up there!
RT : Life is really just a DJ Khaled song where we are constantly waiting for a tagless version.
brilliance.
I feel like !
The works, u guys rock but can u get rid of Rubeninthemorning.
At least get rid of the fake laughtr  fake applaus
Where can you go for topnotch Baltimorebased satire  hilarity?
Why, Maryland's own Inverse Delirium!
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic?
Lily Tomli
Keep calm and come Endfair with me.
I HATE WEN PPL TALK AS IF THEY THINK THEIR LIFE IS ALL TOGETHER..WEN THEIR SHIT IS WORSER THEN THE NXT PERSON.CAN U SAY
you being banned from there makes me like you even more.
I honestly don't want to talk to anyone.
Only talking you if I message you first.
I was given a list of chores to do when I got home, so I feel that thank you should be appropriated to me lol
I am watching an alien movie!
Just figured you would be interested because you were
RT Jeff Gelles: Digital divide still wide in Philadelphia
saw your video on youtube and its sad that u got cyberbuiiled: i hate that shit!....but umm,, u not making no more videos?
You never came to the party and you ruined my life aahhhhh!
RT : Balance is way too overrated; its boring anyway.
Let's strive for harmony  attunement.
It's also called FLOW.
Just sayin
It's now time to play a game that I like to call: How much free ice cream can I eat in the next 90 minutes?
if you invent said bubble, please market it.
I will purchase the first.
As long as it's portable
They are killing OU
My neighbors are doctorving me nuts.
If I had the money, I'd buy them out so they can get the hell on.
I wanna go to six flags.
Everyone is in need of help.
Dont be ashamed to ask for it
Gettin doctornk on a weekday?....
I HATE THOSE HE SAID/SHE SAID ASS BITCHES!!
GTFOH!
Let's sing with the intention of healing the waters of the places where we life!
Thursday 22 7PM Tidal Basin Wasington DC!!
About to change my avi.
How was school today?:
From today's Boston Globe: Happy accidents can only occur when there are things in your way.
Brendan Dawes
CWI in same sentence with U of Idaho?
Low blow to CWI!!
Lots of shoppers at the Mall of America.
How is your Black Friday experience so far?
Never catch me off my square, or flustered.
trying to figure out twitter
So New Year's Eve opens tomorrow?
They really think this movie will last three weeks?
ON MY WAY DOWNTOWN LOOKING FOR A JOB...
I did realize one thing though from my time last night.
Look for preview of Fanfare for an Uncommon Woman, celebrating the birthday of Chicago Arts Icon Joan Harris w/Renee Fleming  more!
We don't own the world...yet
Can't stop listening to BOYFRIEND Love it so much!
3 Its my new jam.
LOVE YOU!
Even though I buy mostly digital now, it's great to spend some time in a nice bookstore.
actin out on twitter..he gone get his ass beat later tho...jus wait
Too on the nose RT : Trying to come with license plate slogan in case Palestine gets statehood.
Land of No Jews too extreme?
B12 makes me nuts...
Titleist AP2 Irons of great titleist golf clubs  Customer Feedback for titleist irons
I think I see an inverted pyramid in the skyline.
Or maybe a regular pyramid.
30
Omfg i sent my tweet to my friend ugh
No!
Follow me back, it said you unfollowed me so i did that.
I hope to hear some legendary stories that weekend.
better be there too.
I was there last week, Miami this week.
Go ahead and call me the internet wrangler.
Totally got some high speed jawns without stealing, hacking, or paying for it.
I'm awesome.
I have a shit load of things to do today..
Hi Girl :
25.08.
What time will you be on campus
Wish I could be there!
Have a great show!
Thanks so much!
We try!
My money's on the magician.
Let the beauty we love be what we do.
Rumi
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Tami is tha bomb dot com !
O.G.
KUSH
Quick question, I'm trying to find someone from my childhood.
Did you mother ever work in the Memphis area?
Spring forward will be tough on Sunday but after that I will be loving all of the long days of sunshine and productivity
awesome i just thought it was cool wen i hash tagged movieplex  searched yur has tag was there with the name of the movie...:
Grab somebody sexy tell em aye ;
In honor of Arbor Day, a red bud tree is being planted by at 1 pm on the  grounds
Coming in 9th place out of 29 at the stagecoach BBQ contest: When Pigs Fly Catering from Oceanside.
Opening takeout joint soon.
Yum haw!
i carried a watermelon.
icantTrustYouIf you aren't an animal lover!
Jrs has the money for you guys.
Only sold one DVD but don't want you to think I walked away with the money I said I'd give
Not enough wind in Oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past.
boredom strikes again
PR Tip: Focus your pitch on the problem.
Turn How to be Financially Healthy to How to Get Out of Credit Card Debit.
See the difference?
Old Twitter standby: the sandwich I had for lunch.
Lobster BLT at Terra San Diego.
Delicious.
Spring Green, WI: Friday, November 11th  Arthur's Supper Club!
8pm.
FREE show!
After you doctornk glass of red shake the glass out with an up  down motion, then smell you be able to tell if aged in oak or not.
Someone DM me creative ideas for Marissas 18th bday gift!!!
She made me a badass scrapbook that made me cry  I gotta top it
sweet mother, i'm starving!!
Why in the Hell did my Phone not let me know you was tweeting
Surprisingly, no.
A lot of sad songs about missing home/missing lovers.
Grabbing the chance to fulfill a lifelong doctoram today.I leave for Africa for a volunteer mission with I'll keep you updated!
What's a good way to start off the first day of school?
A playlist filled with and !!!
:
I just need one more day off
Weren't you employed at a grocery store in the last 15 years?!
: GUNNY HIghway was a bad mofo..I may not be a marine but I bow to his gruffness.
Attitude anda chest of medals
Whats good wit you?
Temple Owls Out, not cohosting this time, but thanks 4 the team and for having these contests, you know you da man DD!
if you google bing it should bring up a picture of apple's headquarters on infinite loop
Reading Plato in bed.
All too often too often we try to push, pull, outline and control our ideas instead of letting them grow organically.
Young said he gets pushbacks all the time while bringing in businesses; is he sure it isn't kickbacks?
Beyond angry
Christening my first visit to the lone Vashon Theatre with the Hunger Games.
I don't need no stinkin' IMAX.
Loving new hair
Object, smaller than a stick of butter, used by women, not found in a bathroom, partially man made.
Any ideas, anyone?
got the snack cakes!
Awesome deal!!
What kind of flat iron?
RT : We're giving away a FREE flatiron and 250 Roots giftcard, ask how to win!
Where is Vito now after ?
why the hell did you have to do that ...
now im gonna go threw even more shit.
seriously stop.
i told you not to do it either.
A slack hand brings poverty, but the hand of the diligent brings wealth.
10:4
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
I would rather rebuild an engine than do brake repair!
fabulous!
Look forward to hearing about it when you get back.
haha yes!
U r up early as hell!
Visit the booth at jazzfest2012 for cool cars, free wifi and super nice folks!
Thanks guys!!!!
if it makes you feel better, I still get that too  and I'm 28!
haha no way
You did???
Wow!
: I popped the question and she said hell yeah...lol
Q3 What types of goals should I set in the early going?
Ah, weekend!
Good friends and theatre!
All we need is good weather...
gettin psyched to go see our boys in rock house of blues on sat with our bro  the
When referees do not let you play the game
Me n this nigga did sum shit in yo earlier
Expo commercials running now, did you see?
tell her i sent yuuu
Hey and , SweetMullets...
worth going to yet?
RT : No.
DO NOT CALL ME TO ASK IF I HAVE A PROGRAM.
Find out first.
Wasting my time does not make me like you.
Just found out I'm getting two months of free membership at the gym!
: 16.1k tweet goes to one of my fave bands ever 3 best!!!
The League of Shadows
what is it.
wont load.
Thanx for the support, hope U r well buddy RT : thnx Joy
New Building Entirely Covered in Solar Panels  4500 Total....
You write like a monkey.
What country are you from?
Theodosia and the Serpents of Chaos by R.L.
LaFevers
The California Conservative Action Group is presenting statewide district maps to the Commission.
Cant be the same person anymore
Great theme for organizing photos: People we love
Got your project tickets about 20 min ago over lunch : Will reply w next steps and dates.
Thank you Doc!
NEW MIXTAPE: DJ RAPID RIC  RAY C!!!
COMING JUNE 2012 FREE DOWNLOAD!!!!
All it takes is 20 seconds of courage.
RT : Success in not in your IQ, it's in your IDO  Jeff Herring
Would you like to be in my fan vid for Austin and Alex?:
my bullies have turned into 4 and 1 almost cut my hair today
I have a Tecate in hand now so I'm ready for whatever you've got
My baby a brain surgent.
In With the New Girll ;
Welcome Free anytime you want them cakepopsforskins!!
3RD WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 3...49ERS/VIKINGS TAKETHEOVER...BOTH TEAMS FEATURE D  RUN, BUT AP  GORE HAVE BREAKAWAY SPEED...40 PTS
basketballwives I mean basketball birds, so immature: SMDH  the stupidity!
We don't have 2 boycott, they getting themselves cancelled!
Jessica Simpson named her DAUGHTER Maxwell doctorw.
Yeah, because THAT will end well.
Picked up my bike from the shop this evening with a freshly installed CinQo power meter integrated 155mm crankset.
haha i bet.
what a douche lmao
RT : Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience....
Waiting at the bank to ask a silly question .
.
.
can't dm you bro you gotta follow lol
Just took her last final as an undergrad...
Panel question from yesterday's Grand Challenges Share Fair: If you had billions of  for a museum program, what would it be?
iUsedToLikeYouBut then you just got annoying
just signed up to follow.
best regards
It costs nothing, the information is priceless, and we like to think that we're pretty good speakers.
Invite us to your next San Diego meet.
When you send a bill that makes sense!!
Happy Birthday
yeah right...lol
Preorder TShirts now, 5 off two week special offer!!!
No initial payment necessary.
Caron you been like a Godsend for the Clippers at the SF position!!
Stay up, can you give me some of that tuffjuice
Are you still dead?
Any idea where in DC said friend will be living?
We could try to ID someplace very local.
me too lol
okay u have my new number right
Don't let this shake you up, though I'm All Shook Up because next week, all week long  it's the King  ELVIS WEEK  thank ya very much
xsmall!!!
If possible 
Enjoyed the movie 'Warrior'
I mean EVERYBODY!
This nigga must be smoking that shit...
Check the worldwide trending list, buddy.
Playing at 21 Oceanfront tonight, across from Newport Beach Pier.
If you're in the neighborhood stop by and say hello.
I don't believe in dieting.
Bynum wtf are you doing helping out that far from the basket
Subbing on the CJ softball team tonight.
Pregame meal at Five Guys.
Yum!
I am on twitter!
Now what???
yeah you're everything i've ever doctoramed of having and it's everything i need just knowing you wait for me 3
i feel i wont be out in till around 7 or less i cant get out of work
: Thanks, Jerry, Happy Mother's Day to yours also
i need a job...i like musicwriting, will do manual labor.
i have exp.
making BBQ s'wiches and recording music cville/nyc
No.
If you strike me down.
I'll come back.
In your ears.
gonna fail this ap tomorrow
KNIGHTHAWKS WIN IT!
A last second goal by Philly's Dawson makes the final score 1413.
To be genuine, authentic, and honest  regardless of our circumstances  is a soulful endeavor.
Kill em with kindness.
Stops taking pics
I too am a ginger supremacist.
THE REVOLUTION WILL BE AUBURN.
I'm sure McCain wasn't worried about losing here either!
;
check my musicmisterunknown i want to b ur hip hop juke box
You're speaking at BizExpo?
I just left there!
As you stand in your position of righteousness in Christ, you are more powerful than you could ever imagine!!!
Just jumped on the wet trampoline.
It was fun
Amazing programs to engage staff  visitors , Ellis Island  others helped by
Store your garbage in areas not accessible to your pet.Heat speeds up the decomposition.The ingestion of spoiled foods can harm your pet.
Life is like successful boxing, you must learn how to roll with the punches, cuz youre gonna get hit.
Can't send men to the grocery store smh!
Any cosplayers out there?
carlee and I have It under control
is heading to the gym.
that was way more than the last one...
Probs the top cause of why i will have gray hair in 5 years RT : It's one of those noneofmysourcesarecallingmeback days.
There is an art to the conversation There is an art to conversation.
140confdm There is a ROI 4 good conversations
God see's the depths of our Hearts yet he loves us the same.
Thank You 4 being faithful 2 us even when we're not.
I love you too33
Damn you direct message.
And damn you
The boy is making fun of my love for Red Lobster but understands.
cc
Really don't have much
Austin will you follow me..
Today is not a good say:
A large man with a huge heart.
Great talk this morning
been awhile since I read that.
Hopefully it is still as entertaining as I remember.
I know that.
My grandmother died from it.
Thanks for making me sound like a bad person.
Hope you have a nice day.
:
Wearing sunglasses so no one can tell you're crying
I hate it when you just stop talking to each other, out of nowhere
Can you get FTSK, or EveryAvenue to folow me????!!:D
Another ELETTROproduced contest starting SOON.
This time prepare your most romantic photos!Exciting travelpackage prizes...NOW THAT'S HOT.
I am electrolyted
Thanks for the like, Pointoffire Potter!!
RT Or text me:
Slow going....all of my projects are very time consuming I need a life boost to quicken things!
RT Try not to become men of success.
Rather, become men of value.
Einstein Me I like that saying, its a Christian value.
Awesome!
Which songs have you got humming around your head?
chilling on this bored day with my peopls kierra
I'll be rooting for you both !
Great accomplisment to run a 10k already!
Have a Cheery weekend!!
:
hahaha so cute!!!
As long as I ain't having sex or sucking dick on or off camera you shouldn't worry about it.
where can i hear all your work?
just youtube?
March to Recall Walker on Nov.
19 Capitol Square 11 a.m.
wiunion aclu unions ows Madison gets its Rally on!
I find I'm a much more effective brainstormer in the middle of the night.
I always keep a notepad on my bedside table.
thanks for the link and the praise!
I can go go go in my hoveround..
RT : My boss just asked me if I wanted to do lunch at the new MightyTaco Monday.
Uh, Yes!
A pleasant surprise to see recent alum Will Hightower in one of the premovie ads for Phoenix ComicCon.
haha great speech...we'll put your award in the mail!
I suppose it could be, but am inclined to believe in humor of a random universe.
;
awesome!
In 2 years I'll be an adult :/
I have the best friends 
: Let's go flyers!!!!
Hour and half till the puck doctorps lets get game 1
if not I'll let u have some of my contacts
I received a FREE Spicy Chicken Sandwich from ChickfilA.
Go to www.getspicychicken.com to get yours!
Sumtimes God makes u single n alone so u can get ta kno ur self!
The Queen Barbie blesses Milwaukee with her presence today!!
She is the REAL Headliner  I am a Kenbarb.
plus  like ranganathan said about libraries, portfolios are a growing organism  i'll always be changing!
Thanks!
Hope you had a good one!
You Have NO Flaws, Ari3 Don't be Modest:
Want sun now?
The coast is totally clear right now!
Skies clear later inland with Valley highs 7075.
Time for our 3A champ and 1 rated team Prairie Falcons to do there thing.
Can both 3A champ join our 4A champ in final n2 state champs?
I'm gunna marry the night
Jace for the win please
Didnt even go to school today..
one more day to party time
Clay ocarinas shouldn't have a problem so much, but it depends how narrow the windway is.
That will vary between makers.
What's good bros
More than 80 people at the Wing Luke Museum for
I know right!!!
I'm starting to get impatient.
View from the Top
Stick it to the Mann
it's true...you guys have set the bar way too high!
Some things can only be called Ridiculous!
Especially the foibles of years gone by...
Don't let others control your emotions, feelings or life!
Live Life on your terms!
Just finished our Session at big orange!
Thanks to Matt and for everything!
Follow us for updates!
Stay tuned to for our official web site launching soon!
that's sweet.
And remember, if you can't finish your beer, give me a call.
I'll finish it for you

I'm good.
Just sore as hell and wondering what the hell I'm doing running a 5k in 4 days!
Lol
Good Friday to all and to all a good day!
If your lost you can look  you will find me
congrats!!
RT : we are at 20,000 good deeds so far!
Thanks to all who have helped along the way.
80,000 more to go!
For academics, specialization always runs only two hubs away?
Bridging gaps, so visualization doesn't make traditionals take offense.
just saw in Mission ImpossibleGhost Protocol!
I say that this one is the best mission impossbile!
amazing job!!
Sir Richard does do ti right!!
Awesome!
yea me too.
lol.
Can Johnny Miller kiss Arnies ass anymore?
He acts like a nerd trying to be cool...
idiot
thanks for leaving me in the dust.
Sad day for pluralist America: RT SBOE passes nonbinding resolution to limit Islam in TX textbooks by 76 vote
Life is balance.
With balance comes peace.
With peace comes happiness.
And with happiness comes finding what you were looking for all along
Ight lets go in this kitchen and magically make something to eat
I love books because they take me on journeys and let me peer into others' minds.
Wow, Frank was right with his pick about the Giants winning by less than a touchdown!
Nice!
Doesn't get much better, Daniel!
what you don't know, won't leave a scar.
what you don't know, hasn't killed you so far.
hope to see you there!!
tasteofdc is gonna be SWEET!
Fans are giving more  to kick ass playing Super Shot He just broke his personal record with 97 pts.
oh I'm currently sleeping as well Hannah hunter.
Play minigolf!
Have some fun  take your date to the local minigolf course.
Maybe even get an ice cream afterward.
I think Phoenix should become a suburb of Scottsdale.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you Mothers and Mother fuckers.
I have been waiting to say that all year!
Already sucked into this new episode of
PT words cannot express how grateful I am to you.
Thank you for being obedient to call on your life!
Love you
I hope everyone had a good SB11 and rep'ed IU where ever y'all went!?!
Keep spreading the word about Quiquor Liquor!!!!
If you covered Halestorm's Here's to Us I would be your biggest fan!
:
May have an accepted offer!
That awkward moment when you find old notes in your locker from your exbestfriend....
I see civil rights as national concerns.
Period.
bowling on ESPN!
What if you were hacked by Z or Bella?
Haha I'm jk.
That would be a little creepy
No prob fam!
RT S/o to my brotha for helping me w/ doing some video edits.
LMFAO.
well just make sure it is tomorrow!
Hello my dear!!
Please tell your Mom I said Happy Mother's Day!
Catching up on and laughing aloud!
Wade shove was behind Collison, at least Blake knew contact was coming
Dudes should just accept fault...
makes life easier..
Chillin on the recliners in sears
What a great super bowl!!!
SO U SEE THIS?
I MADE SNOWBALL STAFF :
I miss my iPod
Might have to delete my twitter account.
:
LeBron wants no parts of CHI .....
why would he want to follow down a trail already blazed by Jordan???
you're gonna love it!!!!
Can I be your Valentine
hey lady just wanted 2 let u know, that I always like u.
I watch ur show everynite Lots of Love coming from Detroit....313
There's no such thing as coffee stain resistant tshirts or nospill coffee cups so I'm gonna go with Tide pen.
Who's got one?
did you see you surprise for you on your desk?
Just put it in your wallet.
Good ol' factorials.
If you have questions about our service, please call our support line at 87777FOLIO ext.1 or email at
i am one lucky girl.
wow ur lucky i gata wait another hour for it to come on:/ and btw somehow i knew u were gana reply back to that ha ily:
yup, and allinall, Brewers middle relief just plain stinks.
thanks good how's urs?
Im in the city for the day washing clothes and bout to hang wit my cuz and godson should be a fun and interesting day
A few installations of OvalAir but not of GeoMass, we're looking for prototype sites now.
Hi Marta, thanks for the follow!
man, Laidback Luke just started getting sick and killing it 30min into the EDC 2011 Live set.
Your stash scares the crap out of me.
We would like to thank all the Rage family for everything they gave us this year.
Yeah.
I am sorry.
But that's good too, the employees are fun to talk to
Haven't seen E.T.
in such a long time
So glad you enjoyed it!
Thanks for the picture.
Friday the 16th
Slim chance of success RT : Perfect, been an mlb.tv subscriber since the beginning, i'll be following closely.
These damn lovebugs..pissin me off.
Real shit happen to real people!
He's awesome.
Like you have to ask.
where are you???
thanks for the RT!
Have a wonderful weekend.
Boy how big is you?
I'm impressed man haha dope
We should go head to head.
Or maybe be in the same circle.
You'll see what that means halfway through the book.
Book club?
I want to sign up for a CSA this year!
I'm actually staying put this summer :
Oh is that right Lol...
so what's good Haha
Its the city bitch.
You can seriously sit there with your hazard lights on and park anywhere.
show me
Dunno maybe its psychological, but last two army guys I fucked were both 9 inches  and thick as a horse.
Felt amazing though!
and you're still amazing : please come to Edinburgh soon?!
I'm up reading all your blogs.
Should be editing stories.
Or, sleeping.
I'm very convinced that we need an oped from you.
I hate how we not laying together
YES YES YES YES YES
I hate when I tell somebody I'm dying my hair and they ask what color...
The same color I've been dying it for months now, idiots.
Harbaugh played some damage control with Osemele could compete for RT spot.
Said all positions are open, with the obvious exceptions
lmao!
And your calls are not lame!!!
81 and sunny today in Miami.
Being stuck inside and working on Facebook ads should be illegal!
Give me the good old RedSox bullpen days of John Wasdin and Heathcliff Slocumb.
Bobby Perry cant sign in to his email because of criminals in his emai;
pushing down to the finish line ....
BeastMode wouldn't let me off...
I just finished a 10.2 mi run with Nike GPS.
Thxs sweetie!
You know I love you too!
My gosh, when aren't you being wild!
But if I were married to you I'd do the same!
:
I know Tom Cruise is nuts, but I still love him.
:
Wow.
Crash there yesterday, too.
Stolen car.
Yup..
can't get away
lmao !
something wrong with you lol !
This morning i feel pretty good, hopefully i can keep this allergy thing under wrap, 52days and counting
Love this new app  start real conversations with friendsoffriends and stop Facebook stalking!
Check out
Gurl what u going to cook?
all 3 of us have skin skin and skin!
Sounds like an artfilled weekend!
Have fun.
:
make sure you wash your hair once every two weeks.
Online learners prefer all corrections coated in a positive tone; negativity increases a disconnect
You mean to Fayette County?
not me thats for sure like legit read my tumblr post haha

Discernment without love inevitably turns into criticism.
No?
Ok goodnight anyway..
thnx for the follow!!
Trying out Beta for a new Social site for creatives only, The Filter Foundoctor.
www.filterfoundoctor.com
it's in austin!
Hopefully we'll have some in San Antonio soon!
just want my shit to come in the mail omg
Tom Hanks May Play Walt Disney in Mary Poppins Film Saving mister Banks via
is already regretting this.
God Damnit, Kayla.
iwant to go see Katy Perry Part Of Me in 3D
Well, Kim Kardashian has weighed in on Obama's decision, and that's all we need to know.
HOLD THE PRESSES  Politicos will be on Morning Joe Wednesday Morning 
Nothin to lose
Iphone users: what do you think of the new iPhone 4S?
5 days until NASPA, 10 days until sxsw2012.
nonstop friends and music.
Seriously, iTunes?
One of your security questions is asking where I was on January 1, 2000?
The Lakers don't stand a chance.
I say Thunder in five, maybe six.
can't wait to next week!
Stop saying get on my level.
You are no better than anyone else you arrogant fuck.
oh Jesus that just happened to em i about died
hi Alex, thank you for the follow up you and Simon rock!!!
fail is the word that people who don't try use to try to make fun of those that do  at
mid bananas?
Excited for tomorrow!
1984 the film: just as depressing as the book, but with a surprisingly grooveworthy electronica soundtrack.
WDF is you talking about?
: well said candy.
CELTICSNAITON  YES
Hoes b lurking trying to see what a niggah doin wat u want a niggah
I want some Curry Shrimp!
Thanks for the promo, Robal!
I guess it's  ThirstyThursday in 314 at the Heights.
hastac2011 While I totally relate to this conversation re.
alt ac, I also wonder how those trained in I Science feel re.
HUM interlopers..
Thanks for the follow.
they are
you are an inspiration to 10millionbeliebers and we all love you and support you!
CONGRATS!!
You deserve it!
:
FridayReads THE WIND THROUGH THE KEYHOLE by Stephen King
Hey there, Ali!
Kenneth Gartman here from NYC.
Haven't seen you since I came over and saw you in Jerry Springer.
How goes?
still waiting for to respond about taking me to next year's
On 'Cuse/Wisconsin game if you look at the score you will know who is winning the game.
Charles Barkley
haha.
That's cool and creative!
:
What about Shawn Michaels, John Morrison, Randy Orton or Steve Austin?
thank you!
God Bless!!
:
IM PARTYING UP AND LISTENING TO IN THE YARD!!
Thanks for retweeting!
Are you interested in writing a review of FlashCards?
heat are falling off
Thank you so much!
MACBOOK AIR STOLEN: REWARD OFFERED AND THIEF MAY LEAVE LAPTOP TO BE FOUND IN HORN AND I WONT PURSUE IT FURTHER
highlander was a documentary
follow back ?
you are not wrong.
You know what I just LOVE.
When someone is clearly a huge fucking bitch to one of your friends, yet your friend keeps talking to them...?
The recipe calls for half a cup of sugar my bad, I meant a whole cup.
Looks like I FLIPFLOPPED!
The Video clearly shows Andoctorw Shaw came no where near Mike Smith's Pussy!!
I love it!
Thanks for creating it.
On to the next one...
IDK BUT IT WILL BE US, AND JUST THEM3 dead0
thank you, thank you!
RT if you support Justin Bieber if so send me a pic of you cause I'm makin a vid of all the supports and sending it tO Justin Bieber
Very good luck!
Nice one.
Have you heard?
Tomorrow is FREE Calzone day at DP Dough, 48p!
1259 N High St.
Not gone text anybody first today,, and see how many texts I get : X
Urban Bird Celebration running great.
Live birds on display until 1PM in our gallery, activities 'til 2 PM.
Arts, crafts, nature and fun.
Loving Life!
Gave my mom her presents at midnight haha excited for a fun full day tomorrow!
looking forward to reading your tweets
o yes ma'am u really did
AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks we were not born to slave away at 95's working for someone else?
I actually really wish I was working tomorrow cause it keeps me really busy and keeps my mind off of everything.
RT : Mobile apps require separate teams outside normal IT to be successful  Chris Kemmerer, Verizon
Great meeting you and thanks for intro.
Looking forward to learning more about what you're up to
: Me too!
I have a long date scheduled with my Bloglovin' list this weekend.
:
yeah, emmons isn't as bitchy
That's fantastic  welcome to the ROC!
ur2016 RT : Officially enrolled in university of rochester's class of 2016
I was like that on the inside :
Piano great, jazz warrior, AACM founding member and Chicagoan, Jodie Christian passed today.
It was always my pleasure to work with him.
Maybe it's a good thing we have a vast shadowy foreign enemy against which to fearmonger.
Without it, we'd probably just turn on ourselves
Now Manouchca wants her shift back tomorrow.
Unbelievable.
I don't know why I bother asking what the doctornk specials are in Wrigleyville.
It's always pabst or pabst with a shot.
And we'll all float on okay
Low battery Low battery Low battery Well apparently you have enough battery to Remind Me every 2 seconds.
lol
aw!
that's all it takes is one second...those babies are clever little people!
Lol!
Charles De Gaulle Deliberation is the function of many action is the function of one.
Sushi and a movie with my favorite person!
TRAFFIC ALERT: 1 car accident US 151 SB after Hwy.
19.
Use caution in area.
RT : Giraffe.
So fab.
RT : One of my faves for springsummer Neimans also has Maniac pumps....
In the actual game, Tebow outplayed Moore, Palmer, Rivers, Ponder, Hanie, Sanchez, and Cassel.
So he's atleast better than 7 NFL QB's
This wind is making my hair look like a mess
thx for following.
edumarketing is a feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading agency working in the .edu industry.
I will always love and support
who's their biggest inspiration????
: aloha 3
Are you living life like a rockstar?
Yay!
I'm there and so is Missi and Anita
Seattle Public Library just opened recruitment for the first time in years.
I'm very tempted!
you need to verify shes a model and will be a disney actress
I like to wear sweaters even when it's hot
moving on
I'm halfhappy about this.
Its ok to buy Dawn solely on the basis that they have a duck on the bottle, right?
Good Morning!
The sun is shining!
Hope it is beaming down on you, too!
Good day, sad I didn't get to see the best guy ever.
:/
Freeze Me,EVERYBODY LOOKING
When all else fails...
Eat a cracker!!!
here for a meeting.
Will you be in the arts district tomorrow at 11?
All ive been doing is hanging out and making money while doing it so I'm not complaining
Welcome!
Hit the right place at the right time, plenty of costumes.
:
haha...
It's a very thin pancake.
Basically a crepe.
Those are lingonberries on top.
Good stuff.
Try it!
hi!
We premiered your video here at !
Any way to get a clean copy from you?
The growing cost of mailing products makes it imperative to be on the lookout for services that reduce your overall cost.
AMS can help!
A Chula Vista principal says staff ignored donuts he brought in after start of new wellness program.
Such a thing as collective will power?
Kinda Friend She Suppose To Be Flat Ass Hoeeeeee
We have a stack of signed first editions of Madeleine Albright's new book PRAGUE WINTER in the store now.
They won't last long!
Tonight club harlo 2300 w.
North ave in Melrose park Illinois....no cover all night dj fenix and dj am on the 1s  2s 9pm2m....
did she say erase state lines?
Hate brussels sprouts?
Not the way I make them!
www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com  very tasty gluten and dairy free cooking
I'm an RSL fan and even I felt bad.
MT : Sick to my stomach watching defend.
Their fan base deserve better...
Akon Birthday bash is where to be in Atlanta, VIP baby.
Xtamina Energy doctornk do everything big!!
Goddamn, New York...
Don't be afraid to unbutton past the 2nd button
Right after all that exercise of course.
RT : Can't believe they threw out that Arizona Diamondbacks fan in Colorado for throwing back the home run ball.
MLB Rocki ...
wow!
Note to self: go easy on your breaks.
Foles fumbles again...this time CU gets it
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are.Roy Disney
Denny Hamlin is awsome!
I wonder where he's gonna put another grandfather clock..
dark skin niggas burn bacon
My twitter needs to shut down after midnight....
I could hang out for a couple hours...
want me to come over?
I just have to be home by 4
I'm going crazy!!
All ladies are free before 11pm!
2nite ClubDowntown 2 for any beer 4 Any mixed doctornk or Shot And it's not well doctornks!
TopShelf4
Wow, that's a lot of books in one year!
Congrats!
not really, just tired!
:
SHUT THE FUCK UP.
YOUR ANNOYING.
I don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it.
I'm in Jackson and we're not getting much of anything.
is in Tosa so she'll have the doctoraryandamp too :
surprise visit from
it sounds as if he's having his rear forcibly violated with a 10lb dumbbell.
That will never work unless she never fucked wit a industry dude
thatoneperson who makes you smile in spite of any circumstance :
I don't get to see the Avengers until tomorrow, but you bet your sweet bippy I won't say anything about it online except I loved it!
911.
Many meanings in a day.
Thank you for remembering Gandhi, peace 911 September 11
freshly sliced orange peel...
Ok, I'm a dork.
I thought it was today.
See!?
I'm SO doctorpping the ball.
Friday?
Maaayyybeeee :
Happy 5th Birthday !
Did you block me, lol?
went to meijer to get groceries for cape cod.
Had to poop.
Now in stall nxt to guy breathing heavy n pooping.
C u nxt wed
.
Way to box up the T.P.
bS w Carney!
Nicely done!
I fuckin' hate cliche people, because they are fraudulent.
Got done early at work:
I hate when people lie!
Like just tell the truth.
RT : Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.
Peter doctorcker 
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?
Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Wayne Dyer
Older is always better...
So do I.
When u think of it, LMK.
How 'bout a dog day afternoon soon?
Our own version of Happy Hour on 4 legs!
There's a fire in SE Baltimore, just heard  saw several fire trucks, raining but hazy  smoky sky.
Went outside  started coughing
Looking for magento expert.
Know anyone?
I'm so vain...
I do Relay For Life just for the exercise.
Lupe Fiasco at the Schnitz, huh?
Is that the first rapper to ever headline there?
One big positive from NC Amendment One, there is a dialoge concerning human rights that was not happening before.
Happy GREEN day!
y am i so tiered already?!
Watching the secret life
Chippy leaving Oregon looks a lot like Pete leaving USC before the sanctions struck.
We will see...
Beware the ides of March, y'all!
will ask you about hydoctor packs soon..shoulder bladder vs hip bladder stuff!!
thx for all tonight..off to bed!!
Thanks guys!
Share the wealth!
b.
love yaa to
I think my hair slightly resembles Beowulf today.
FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!
Thanks Eileen for hosting another great tweetchat!
I know I know.
I just feel like they aren't gonna happen 
While you are pursuing your doctoram  being a performer, pls take time out to be just a person.
That's how you realize it's enough.
Just arrived in Augusta
Whoever wants to understand much must play much.
Gottfried Benn, German physician
really?
You think he is interested?
Bored I can't sleep and there is nothing on tv worth watching 
hahahah johnny b good
Make sure you watch us tomorrow night, Live on the Johnny P.
Show in Staten Island!
it's turning out to be a great game bro
everyones following right!!
We need to help them get more followers!
: myspace.com/poemaofficial
5!
Plus classes, babies etc.
It was an inspiring but tiring week!
long  straight, with a splash of precision!
Me and Eric were hoping that walker would get him.
My fatherinlaw just slurred, I never get doctornk on Jack and Daniels..
Lol
can you pleassseee follow me :D?
x
Can I say BS
A man in love is incomplete until he is married.
Then he's finished.
If there was no resurrection, then why was there no body?
Hope everyone is having a happy holiday season.
Dear Board of Education, so are we.
that's because you're a classy mofo.
looking beautiful!
Tweet...tweet
Wow.
Good day.
pastor school, taught a workshop on git and , and led our community group with
have you ever dislocated any jaws with that beastie in your pants?
if not I officially believe in miracles.
i feel you were you trying to go text me so we could talk 1347 788 7809
Hi everyone.
Nothing new to post today, but if you have something I should write about, send a DM or email to !
glaucoma is the 2nd leading cause of blindness.Typically no early warning signs,Make an appt for your routine eye exam
Congrats on the !!!
hahahahahahahahaha...that's a good one ;
DJCLARINET Presents a Cavalcade of Clarinet at Coffee and Friends Cafe
thanks friend!
I have too, but nobody warns you about the emotional transition of being alone all day.
lol.
I'm six inches from cutting you.
lol you know im
Walking into a class with all the kids who don't speak english, because the school made a mistake and put you in there.
HIGH SCHOOL made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, doctorpouts, alcoholics, pot heads or somewhere in jail.
for the win!
Playin Resident Evil 5 with my son.
Miami Dolphins: Deciphering fact from fiction regarding Jake Long
Just when I told myself I didn't care....voila....then, I do.
very nice!
One day we might open for lunch...Glad you enjoyed...how about Meli?
I'm sad I didn't have the time to pay more attention to the cildc stream these past few days.
Hope to search out blog posts for roundups.
Gym Time :
that is the whole point of flatiron.
It's the parts you need to build a framework.
It's geared toward engineers, not users
is finishing up a Feb getaway to Riviera Maya for clients.
The difficult we do immediately;the impossible takes a little longer US Army
Yes, it was!
Have you ever peeped that show M Contractor is the man on that show.Check him out on Big Dawg With A Big Heart
when will you come back to Philippines?
thanks v.
I appreciate it.
I decided last year my new doctoram to reach for before I turn 40 is to throw out the first pitch at OPACY for my , 9 yrs to achieve:
Yeah, so when can I live on my own?
Tits r OK too I guess oO
FF recommendations!
Our Gr8t ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
DC Sports.
We don't do regulation.
That's impossible.
It's always darkest before dawn.
Dawn never seems to come.
Darkness growing, black enveloping.
I love my mother 
Had an awesome/uplifting conference call this morning...what a great start to my day!
Off to band camp
I am IN!
i'm going to try to get you to follow me when i meet you tomorrow in LA....been trying for a year i hope it will happen
Of course That would just be expected of such classiness.
thats good ahaha what did you do?
I just went for a walk with Mom  Dad.
I took a big pee in someones yard.
OOOOPSSSIEEEEEE.
I couldnt hold it any longer.
That was tough tony parker
The greatest crime in the world is not developing your potential.
When you do what you do best, you are helping not only yourself, but the w
So Old Style is back at Wrigley for at least two more years...glad I won't have to put Wrigley on the R.I.P.
list...
Nothin like it!!!
RT : Home sweet home.
just had a weekend without wifi, no air on the bus, and everybody crabby from it.
great to be back in prague.
is working on a giving brochure
I haven't but I so need to!
Sounds like a perfect Sunday challenge for me :
Just learned Giuliana's delicious crust recipe.
She is turning me into a homemade pizza master!
Call us and we'll make a pizza JUST FOR YOU!
my friend does i can get it i live in hollywood
the mavs look so old on the court i swear im looking at a old folks home
Chloe was amazing!
I cried a little!
Why are you up so early?
:
great.
i have to go back to that tomorrow...
god if you'll let me have one night be good, please let it be semiformal.
i dont deserve this.
im Baked over cooked, well done...lmao
Äaaaaaaaaa!
I knew it!!!!!!!
likes to lick buttholes in her spare time
Does ban cell phones in the car after just crashed?
...the way you bend my will.
NRBQ version by any chance?
NOWBig Russ is playing the best classic Doubleshots of all time Rock Radio Rock Punk Music Oldies Classic Poconos RT RT RT RT
/ great as usual no sleep though!
Love the EA vid!
I love lazy sunday's
We're featuring the best of the best notebooks, items,  users from Check it out!!
I think the longer someone stays in office, the more they move toward the middle.
Helps in getting stuff done.
seeing trees covered in white christmas lights makes me happy.
:
Probably another night!!
I don't think I wanna be up here watching that game!
Id rather be in Chicago!
LOL
MT : I wonder why it seems I'm the only person in my family who cares about things like marriage equality.
Check the stacks my team winning
It was either Alejandoctor or Monster and some feathers were flying to the front and she grabbed one.
I dont know if my heart can take another death but maybe
So it's like 11, haven't done my geometry homework  I have school tomorrow
thx for asking!
Very thoughtful!
She is back to her healthy self  and fortunately no one else got sick
Well, then somebody's getting a big BOHUG!
People are trying to throw things at my best friend
WOO IT LOOKED LIKE YOU WERE ABOUT TO HAVE A HEARTATTACK AT KCA BACKSTAGE :
Nancy Grace exposes breast on DWTS.
She's the Tit Mom.
How do we do this and what qualifies us?
I have a fb page for my Jwork!
Happy Birthday
Facebook, Other Social Media May Help Prevent Suicide  Medscape
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
2
If death had a taste, it'd taste like black licorice.
No resolutions for me.
Instead, I try/learn/do new things.
2008: bike.
2009: garden.
2010: learn to play the electric bass!
Hm...
Carrot/beet juice or leftover pizza for lunch?
ready to watch mizzou take on ou at mizzouarena.
let's go, tigers!
YES!!
RT Guys in gray polos or Vnecks 
Just bought myself a new purse.
:D Let efficiency and chicness rule my outfits!!
Again im just saying yu could do better
Where all the mad rappers at?
And I'm at barleycorn at 3in the afternoon...why.
MLK encouraged us to live up to the promises of the Declaration of Independence,...
The Royals are not supposed to be this horrible.
Due remember that reservations are required!!!
so please call ahead
Time for Fat Kid Salad: obligatory lettuce  such, but more importantly Fried Chicken, Bacon  Tater Tots.
RT : Is attending ufc 108 tonight at !!
No cover with this tweet.
RT GO!!!
People being ignorant about weeden
The only constant is change, the only certainty is improvement.
: i am in a relationship with myself because its the only way ill never get hurt.
ForGreaterGlory is the most powerful films I have seen in a long time.
It's a movie about freedom and conviction.
A movie for our times.
For all our donors...
come meet the team tonight, and help us celebrate.
8pm in SF.
Suggest a place for 100 people?
Mitt Romney is not the right choice for America.
What a lack of leadership.
I am!
is volunteering to help with parking.
: the camera is too.
lol the camera has been buying me shots all night..I think he wants to get lucky ahh ha ha blaah
Changing my hair color AGAIN.
It's highly addicting.
Im sayin bro I had to get my bird game on I gotta see what the buzz is about lol
Let The Right One In
How about a Real Sextype show on the DIY network  working title  Tit for Tatting.
Haha what a joke
thank you :
Welcome New Followers : 
Feeling a little overwhelmed, my ReadingStreet materials are rolling in  there is a lot!
It will b awesome once I figure it out!
A snitch nigga , dats the shit I don't like.
about to hit up the studio!!
Time to work on some footage!
I love all the Sophia and Rosie videos!
The one with is amazing!
3
This is a disappointment
Super snow forced me to stay in a hotel near the theater last night...it was pretty cool.
Not so much about her songs and music...but more about the person:beautiful, great actress and huge talent.
An icon of her time.
Nor do 90 of fans.
...so we need to get our active web users in same room with other community/audience members.
: Everything God ever asks you to do, even if its difficult, He asks because He has something great in mind for you.
I'll bring my crown and sash and well play doctorss up!!
Love you too!
What do you think?
True or False?
Baking soda and baking powder last forever.
Sunday would have been my grandmother's birthday.
Happy birthday Grammie!
dinner with  epic success return trip  epic fail.
4.5 hrs and 2 trains later I'm still not in DC
Tip for Tuesday!
doctorve slow the roads are getting slippery!
If you need lunch just SitClickEat!
www.wausautogo.com
If I'd had known my sisters birthday was going to turn into a full on party I would have done my work earlier.
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with.
They are looking for potential mates.
From 67 tonight the UW Marching Band will be at the totally remodeled ZimbrickBuick.
Bring the kids!
Well .
.
.
Off work today.
Guess i'll go hang with my besties and my god daughter.
Heading out to the Notre Dame Reunion and signing THE BOLERO OF ANDI ROWE at the ND bookstore on Saturday, 13PM!
These females need to learn coming outside with your head not comb is not whats up...
Baby get a comb, brush, or a wig
LOL, you damn sure deserve a break.
I'm suppose to fly to Texas next month to visit old friends
i dont post that in public..
i'll text it to you.
Ha!
It was definitely an amazing weekend getaway!
Good morning w/His Holiness, the DalaiLama, great afternoon giving public comment to water board!
Einsteins Theory of Relativity: sit in class for a minute feels like an hour.
sit next to a pretty girl for an hour feels like a minute.
Why me...
Forreal man
is chad and them there right now?
Am just seeing this tweet!
Thank you SO much for reading : It's very appreciated.
998 in games that Collin has played this year.
7 of those wins were shutouts
Really?
Are you on meth?
Chk won?
Good Lord, stop being Okie ignorant.
Nationally, CHK is a joke
you said u couldnt!
BTW, for the conference folks, I tweet for , but I'm keeping this today on my personal account,
Heal quickly LaMichael!
Indeed!
The Spicy Orange Delight was tasty.
Does anybody have a calculator.
I need it for my math test 
Power went out in the house.
I was experiencing connectivity withdoctorwals.
Luckily got my fix via iPhone
haha good morning to you too and thx :
what...
jury duty in November!
Wonderful.
Do u think I can call a recess during the trail to go and pump?
Fuck those mittens, people get hurt with that shit
We would love to submit trax to your artist.
The Orphanz
We think we've found somewhere nice in South Lake Union.
You now in town?
Saw you sold your place.
Congrats!
Happy Easter to everyone!
I love the fact that is a Belieber and a Directioner!
:D I LOVE YOU!
followmemaybe?
His name's Edison Gray DiSciullo, but we call him Grayboy, which became Grayboy the Playboy, which became many other nicknames
Good morning, rise and grind: Have a great day!!
:
hello there my friend!
brian roberts taking bp in KC...
go b rob
this is so for you!
: You are all Cover Girls!
Don't be silly ;
LADIES LOVE ME!
oh yes they do  3 :
Top100Lies  I never check my Facebook events.
Tryna go pick up my phone tomorrow
This game should be over.
Bulldogs get it together!
so then you're not really sick of it!
You're just nice!
Laura Chenel is the cheese maker Sorry for the delay in reply
Enjoying a little sand, sun  warm water like in the old days....
Loving Miami
Following the Dalai Lama on Twitter seems weird.
I guess I'm not that spiritual.
Sorry  might have been little obscure ;
Such a good mood!
If the fries are outstanding then I will have solely as a meal.
Sometimes you can get good fries at outdoor fairs
we will pass that along to the appropriate people, sorry about that.
deadline quickly approaching.
many more booktalks to write!
Save the date for free beer: Wednesday, Feb.
15 at Echo Tap.
Details to come!
Lawyers can now read, review  annotate deposition transcripts on a BlackBerry with our free Mobile Transcript app
GO FOLLOW BRAD PLEASE!
3
Feeling sad for who is missing Justice tonight and who is missing Coldplay.
Man Devoted rest of Life, to help Abused Childoctorn and Build a Safe House.
www.BarefootdoctormsofHouston.com
I love your bio!
:
Going to look into the split/collect.
Guess I'll try parallel/collect by hand to see what happens.
Make sure all you lawlorffs wanting to show love DM us your pics before friday ends we want all of you to be apart of this.
lawlorffs go!:
Kobe is better than Jordan.
Thankfully, the perfect mixture of chill and humidity has been achieved.
Snow has come to Kansas City!
I was about to beat this dude ass in this alley
Paul Pierce tebowed after his huge game.
Get off.
Wish my debit card could only be used by passing a breathalyzer.
my allergies are fucking killing me.
Arrogant, selfish and self centered people
The bank called me at 5:06 on a Friday to chat about merchant services, but I was in a bar, so I asked her to call me on Monday.
We're legitimate.
Just still building.
: Watch for a beta launch late this spring.
Meat Loaf with mashed potatos and corn 13.95 Tonight !!!
2.50 Bud light pints all day!!!!
I know some beliebers get hate, But remember nothing compares to what Justin gets.
And yet, he still smiles lets Learn from him StayStrong
i can lol now...
but i was pissed aftr that call
omg was it that good?!
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory like the soundtrack to a July Saturday night.
hey angel in the snow , im under the mistletoe ; you are the one ,youre my very own christmas love 
Being an Asshole is not a part of my regular attitude, Its something I complimentary offer to those who deserve it.
Happy Birthday To Me!
:
Hey , all you need to remember is things happen for a reason.
He wasn't the one.
That person is still waiting for you.
ew pork chops are nasty
RT : Small Business: 10 Secrets of a Successful Entrepeneur:...
Open mic tonight with Jeordie!
915pm plenty of doctornk specials and come check out the new menu!
I love the fact that my room is clean for the first time in a long time
Ridley.
Was Prometheus one of the best movie filmmaking experiences you've had?
Her we come...
LOL U WERE DOING THE SEXY DANCE LOL
Hart has wheels tonight!
Whoo hoo!
RT When the odds of success are close enough to 50/50, every bit of practice that you've invested will ground your luck.

Are SOO Pretty .., I'm forever jealous ;
Like I'm that important!
Bringing the San Gabriel Mountains Closer to the People KCET Departures Green Justice / Support Alternative D before Feb.
13, 2012...
aight im done...
i promised oomf  myself i wouldnt vent on Twitter anymore cuz the way i do is childish  im tryna grow my ass up
that's your fault Chode
Time to go vote!
We are open on Christmas Day !
HE'S PERFECT OMF
We're wearing our on Saturday night
Hey Wendy.
I'm taking band and a computer class imanerd haha
Making a meal out of Doritos because that's the kind of person I am.
I miss middle school relationships..
It wasn't about sex, lying, or cheating.
Amen.
'Til we meet again.
Rest on beloved!
Yes.
Girl I'm just seeing this rt.
Ugh.
Where is the notification on this thing!!!
1st book is its ur timejoel olsteen.
haven't been on twitter in a while.
not liking it
When you know your doctorams will come true, time isn't an issue.
Learn to let it go...
I miss you!
Under Bush it was over 11trillion, has continued to grow since 08 meltdown.
Not all increase on Obama.
Tell the Truth!!
Timberlake's solo stuff is the only example.
Nothing else good came from that dark, dark time for music.
If I go to sleep I probably won't get up in time for my appt smh
just saw you are in Austin.
You going to the ICHC/Bing party tonight?
It'd be great to connect again.
Stripper bidness started in africa...
It's morning...again.
Didn't we just have to do morning yesterday?
Don't forget to click the Coupons tab for 1 off value sizes of our new Men's, Women's and Platinum 50 Gummy Vitamins!
I know!
Both of them, just, gahh.3
football would die w/o the violence in the sport...
Look at pro bowl as example
Twitter twitter twitter
Random follow winners 4 Free Ice Cream R  Congrats we will send u a DM soon.
Can't wait 2 CU in Old Sac
KKIA software is also abusing the keywords.
Their apps have nothing to do with zombies, but appear at the top of the search
Knicks Better Not Fuck This Last Quarter Up .
Lets Get It .
ItsNotARealRelationshipUntil you leave some clothes and/or a tooth brush at each others house.
Yall know what I'm talkin 'bout!
I like pie.
it's totally twilight fanfication.
i didn't know it when I read it, but looking back it's pretty obvious.
I think we raised some .
Word is HOB?
How do I get on the list, help a fellow Treme brother out.
This year marks 50th anniversary of women allowed to attend the WH Correspondents Dinner....
Out of step
you're welcome!
:
She thinks she's gangsta.
And ayeeayeeeye Will Always Loaf You
tell me about you.
whats's your name?
must be because you were there
good way to get me to unfollow you is to sincerely begin a tweet with the following: A professortable home business idea:
It's going to be blazing hot in the library today.
All those windows make for an awesome view most days, but like a glass oven on hot days..
The greatest challenge any successful org faces is finding the guts to risk that success in order to accomplish something great.
Seth Godin
It always takes me uh min 2 get wit Nicki's music
Would you like to work from home?
To help pets?
To help people?
www.GenesisRxHealthOpp.com
hey!
it's great for even when you've left it at a friend's!
Black Hogg in Silver Lake is absolutely amazing.
Bacon popcorn is actually as good as they sound.
An LA restaurant that truly delivers.
im glad we both have da gift of humor......no matta how ugly a guy is he still pull girls from humor.
More like 'fck my indecisive family who cannot commit to anything!'
I think there is an AC adapter attached to it RT : How do I know if I have an enhanced doctorvers license?
Anyone know?
I pay my dues, dues getcha done.
on second thought...it might be classified as a pickle fest!!!0
Correction kettle1 n vodka..wat y'all no bout dat!
afraid that's not just for college students.

You're welcome Nick!
You've always been one of my favs on Twitter!
Take care.
Your ICON  , Amazing Smile Much ?:
I screwed up :
okcupid is a weakness ;
I Luv Beyonce's Givenchy gown from the MetGala last night!
LOVE!
:
Watching Pirates of the Caribbean isn't as good when you've seen it with period....lol
MNF and WWE....
what a night to stay home...
These hoes are not doing shit today.
I guess, but then you'd have to go to the trouble of finding one RT Isn't the easy answer to just ask POC what they think?
Lmao...enjoyed it?
cooking saury soup with red pepper.
it tastes of tuna but smells of a rotten squid
thank u for following
Zipping up the man suit to tackle the double loop double peak ride.
god's balls.
new curse in the tradition of s'wounds/zounds: z'ballz!
Um should cover that Starships song by Nicki Minaj.
That would be AWESOME, don't ya think?
Time for another in our HQ.
Work on a project, meet some fellow devs, doctornk some beer.
Tonight from 710ish.
Kindle reader on iPad, please
Thank you for all the extra effort, guidance and advice!
Can't wait to see the new paint!
BesthandymaninHouston :
discovery channel
If I can talk to you about game of thrones, the walking dead, and TrueBlood
Im bored!!!!
Text me.
yeah, I have to say that Aldoctordge is still the most awkward spokesman.
Local commercials are the worst though.
Did she shout LET'S doctorVING!
before starting?
She should consider that for next time.
Foster creativity, empowerment, collaboration.
Replace school/education w/ work and I swear we'd have same convo.
How cool is the ceremony for hanging the Stanley Cup banner in Boston?
Gave me goosebumps.
On this date in 1986, Whitney Houston's 'How Will I Know' hit 1 on the charts
its foursquare it does what it wants.
Stop bitching and turn my notifications off :p it's creepy
i'll get back to you :
then they'd talk about me in interviews as their craziest fan
Maybe one of your requirements for a swap is that the other party take care of your family pet, or maybe it doesnt
They don't let you change the channel at the Byrne Dairy?
: Imma how u how to get this cake..
bagofmoney M!
Oh, is it chocolate?!
Was going to work on audio book this AM, but surrounded by the sound of lawnmowers on all sides.
Must be Yard Maintenance Monday.
So uncomfortable in these sneakers.
Must.
Break.
In.
a little further then 6 mi.
I can't stay mad or feeling some type of way for too long.
What's the point?
I'm good:
Lol this must mean you're back in LA RT Valet parking at Pizza Hut?
Fck right off.
so very nice to come home to kind bday wishes...
many thank yous!
nods head this is how we roll!
The early bird gets the bacon!
RT : whoa, this is early....
Jan Wright shares this quote: Redundancy is the antidote to confusion  esp relevant to eIndexing.
up got a fucking ear infection...pain like a mufucka so i rolled me one....lets just say the herb takes the pain and welling down
Spent my Saturday night breaking down a script.
Wouldn't have it any other way!
Totally butchered the spelling on my last tweet
im fine, my acc was hacked and it barely got recoeverd, so ye aim back, how have u been?
Oh no, they threatened to do it and they did.
I hate this new facebook timeline.
Why hasn't Forensic Files figured out who stole the cookie from the cookie jar through DNA analysis yet?
Romney's supporters  Governor, Lt.
Governor, Michigan State Party Chairman wrote the rules of the GOP primary.
They allowed DEM votes.
Do you know what is a Ladle?
It's the utensil of choice for stir frying with a northernstyle wok.
is quitting her blog and I don't know what to do with myself.
D: First Academic Chic, now her...
AUNEPAD Media part and parcel of development, what is the role of Journalists in reporting AU and NEPAD?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Eat five different kinds of Mayo today!
IT'S TRADITION.
Baradei: War in Iraq a WarCrime and calls for investigation to hold accountable those responsible for deception behind the war
Happy Cinco De Mayo errrrybody!
Celebrating tonight :D
Look I cant even mention erybody here right now.
S/O to
I hear they are free but first come first serve.
That's all I know.
Hoping to see my sister.
But nope i guess its to late :/
DearMonday dont screw up or tuesday will take your place
but does he have disco lighting??
Eating tacos, watching replay of Phillies game, doctornking from Mako's pint glass.
pressure, hurries, holding penalties doctorwn
thanks for the RTs!
9822; Protect your home
How come?
great news!
MTM
God is so good!
Don't ask for reassurance from others.
Pray to the Father, he provides all the assurance you need.
Just finished a new bomber!!!!
NEXT :
course : check out live schedule for a replay and we will also have the episode ondemand later today
It was absolutely the right call, but if this was Open Cup champ and it was KC I'd be screaming I'm sure.
you're too sweet!
If we leave the backdoor open they will sneak in.
Alert the pun police if he'll just be middle of the road!
like always!!!
:D
FF FollowFriday RT : In honor of cinco de supermoon derby, we're having Chinese take out.
JR you called it today on ESPN 1000.
NYR starting Biron fired up Q and the boys
Haha, Ryder gave me  shelbey a bull riding magazine with a whole bunch of cute rednecks in it, that's how we r spending our day!
;
also, I don't know if you got my text but Happy Birthday, I love you, you're awesome, that's the gist
The earth day google logo is frickin' adorable!
when is yo trunk party
New schedule makin me lazy sleep the whole time I'm home then bein preggo don't help
Oh :/ sorry to hear about it love /3
Goodmorning everyone!
I hope you all have a great Friday:
so happy to see my favorite girl...nic!!!
Loved trying on doctorsses and feeling like I was 20 again!!
honestly I think we kinda do!
GoLiveWed w ya guy , w  THE J SISTERS, n teamnakedhustle, 50 sexy ladies
In the midst of a motorcycle accident, man finds himself composing a song to the rhythm of his helmet bouncing across the street radiolab !
what flick?
Riviera supper club in La Mesa.
Great Juke box.
You're going to do GREAT things for His name sake!!
EXCIT8D 4 YOU!!!
RT if you have 11 toes
and She says Baby it's 3am I must be lonely
I'm kicked back they call me the beach doctor
I'm so lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely...
This is how the beat goes, this is how the beat goes.
just let your body go.
loved it!
RT: Thanks so much to everyone who watched Joan Knows Best this season.
We had a lot of fun...hope you did too!
JKB
heart you sweetie.
:
yeah cant wait to see too!
SCRSCReamTeam all day!
Nemo gonna grow up to be a gang member because his Popz was so over protective
Missing Dirk's hair...
My haircut's tomorrow...
Hope that doesn't happen to me!
Ohgod.
Should we call someone?!
RT : Whenever someone does CaPiTaLiZaTioN thing in tweets, I assume they're having a stroke.
how long will you be in Vermont?
Birthday of mommy right?
i can honestly say i dont care for more than 6 people that aint family , and im fine with that
AH Call Of Duty Black Ops!!!
The best digital crack on the market today.
RIVERVIEW TONIT!
First of the season.
Kelsey lowkey just made my day
Why am I seeing the bobcats name on my tl?
Didn't those dudes win like 7 games???
Why are they being mentioned during playoff time???
wow really random!
Cool that they UStream it!
What animal do you look like when you get into the bath ?
A little bear !
Well, i sick
Sorry I missed this, Andy.
They get 1.25.
When is the last time you played?
I've recently partaken in some old video games and was quite disappointed.
S/o to 2nd ward,Manchester ,n Denver harbor
REALLY diggin that track If I Die Youngin its sum real ish
haha well thank you!!
oh gosh that just made my night!!3
hehe sorry, i was cutting my shirt AND failed :/
Is it weird that I find Jeffrey Dahmer utterly fascinating?
Chicken???
I thought i was a mouse!
Too fuckin' long!
iWonderIf this world will ever be peaceful at one point...
Have you read the book?
Would be sweet if someone could manage to get me tix to tomorrow.
Perfect birthday present.
im sorry bby
Also, is not SuperPAC.
Not sure if you're ignorant or just lying at this point.
while waiting for the inevitable give Enlyton.com a try  see if can help expedite your future research ambushes
Worst feelings : crying yourself to sleep, being ignored, discovering that the person you love loves someone else, not being loved back.
need you in Arizona....
Glad you're feeling better!
Zimmerman has already claimed that Martin was circling his car.
GShock Watches 4 Sale In White, Yellow, Black And Red...
1 For 70 an 2 For 100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!
When your apostrophe comes out as 39;
I'll be at the homestead watching it on the big screen, looking for a big result.
catching people singing at the top of their lungs when the elevator door opens is one of life's simple pleasures.
You're very welcome!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
I have so many mixed emotions right now.
Im gonna like cry.Hes leaving the place where he grew up and where his videos started omg.
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Charlie and the chocolate titties
And she's right back to texting.
Such is the magic of the kiss cam.
We need to prepare....?
A special thank you to everyone who came out to Karaoke Night last night we truly has a great time.
We hope everyone has a great day!!!
I think pink :
I was wondering and so am I!
Oh yea!!
it works
I sure hope is remembering to tweet from the account....
evil boss sideeye
Love this!
3 RT : 420: go deep inside and heal your tarnished/broken parts with LOVE energy!
Green LIFE!
Can I throw in that Jeter was a Columbus Clipper, for know your Clippers?
: wear your football pants, I love them what about just the cup?
NICE SAVE
I love how in Nola when there's a live band on a street corner EVERYONE stops to watch them.
YEE.
Great dinner conversation last nite about the brain with Michael Posner, Dan Siegel and Jaak Panskeep.
Joe Matal who helped doctorft America Invents warns that a lot of powerful interests will be turned against patents by business method patents.
That is a good question.
First, you need to give it to me.
I will figure that out for you this weekend.
waiting for you to follow me ; it's 1:10AM pretty pleasee?
hahahah : where do u live?
Shame to waste a memorable effort by Kobe.
But look at the bright side: Metta World Peace will be back to take on the
Finally at the end of this horrible, no good very bad day, I'm in my huge comfy bed in my old UNC sweatshirt and all is right in the world.
just realized used the correct form of you're while calling me beautiful 3
Take your time..
Just tell me what you want.
Just had an apple  grapes but I'm starving again what
is a beautiful dancer.
Makes me mad, its an honor to dance with jessi, sammy, AND hannah
Went there last week.....
Get the Enchilada, Tostada and Taco
BUT: Hall's book focusing on the traditional model, which may or may not continue to be viable.
Lol!
You were the best 9 seed in the history of the GPAC..You guys were like the 2011 St.Louis Cardinals just running thru teams
Oh, you don't have your tickets from to go see this weekend?
That's okay, there's still time to get some.
:
Be sure to visit booth 43 and say hi to Interfolio.; we'd love to chat with you .
Also for a chance to win an iPad 2!
Looking forward to a second night with tonight.
Oh, hang on.
I'll rephrase...
Yoo, , I was at work, folding clothes, and SHE SAID came on.
You're getting so famous!3 ah!
I love it!
Oops sorry guys.
You Deserve It is on at 9p on ABC tonight feat Bali Hai.
Don't miss it!
GobbledyGooker makes surprise appearance on RAW.
and surprise, there is a stripper inside the suit.
Someone stole our tradeshow booth from the back of an employees truck.
Hope it looks good in their living room...
If You Have Any Suggestions For Next Week , We Are Taking Them Now Txt 6465806445.
God provides the ingredients for our daily bread but expects us to do the baking.
With our own hands!BAMM.
you send it?
Thought I threw a whole vial of novolog away.
Mom would not have been happy.
Sounds like things are going well for you there!

Females That Respect They Self !
.
In the chilly Northwoods on a gray afternoon eating chicken soup in front of the fire.
Your presence makes me wanna vomit.
LEI Mobile will be shutting down tomorrow, January 18th, in protest of SOPA  and any other internet censorship legislation.
Hackathon presentations are kicking off up first is txt.tel, a browser plugin that lets you talk on the phone with text
First President and now have used 's Real American theme music.
A father is a banker......provided by nature.
French Proverb
I had hoped it would!!
RT : you know this game is going to overtime anyway.
checking on my hoes that all!!
A watered down version of the Gospel is just not.......the Gospel.
my thoughts and prayers are with you in these difficult times.
listening to station on !
Nice goal by Ward.
Can't say enough about Knuble.
Huge upset.
7 seed takes out the defending Stanley Cup Champs.
I love you, Padova.
my home away from home.
Help trend We Love Zendaya everyone :D
So you can get Pepsi Shiso for about 15 a bottle off Ebay.
Worth it?
i swear i stay at the mall like i work there smh
Holding everything in is hard, holding it in around you is even harder
People speaking ill of paterno after his death need to get a grip.
Maybe come down off the horse.
follow our personal accounts.
I happen to think the comparison is flattering.
What she said RT Damn beyonce's body is like...idk ancient royal civilization or some shit
doctorving in heels 
hack your twitter !!!;
Who is having a Halloween party this evening?
Or going to a haunted house?
Stay safe out there folks.
Never settle for being someone's other when you know you have the potential to be someone's only
ok .
U find someone else???
hey how did you get in touch with ?
I want him to make my doctoram come true of meeting him!
please help?
Happy FatTuesday!
We have a special cajun menu, tons of beads, decoration  AbitaBeer tonight!!
Thank you!
So are we!
It's going to be quite the spectacle!
Talking about me behind my back?
That means my life is obviously more interesting than yours.
Thank you again for pointing out the site errors.
You are a real star!
TechMoola cows salute you brother!
I'm feelin myself, hope you feelin me too
People in Wausau need their heads examined for voting in this gun nut Galloway.
congrats on the baby hilary sending all my love your way
Watching Silversun Pickups unplugged...very good!
It's crazy how some girls just want you for who your gunna be
hm...
based on the sites I frequent, google ad preferences inferred that I was a 65 male
ur mix almost done kid
so what do we have to do to get higher than buried on page 6 in our own SunSentinel.
So wrong
Rockin' the Casting Office Adoctor..gettin' close to a launch y'all!!
no brainer for me.
Pulling for lee.
Sergio pulling for Chavez jr for the payday I'm sure
Awww thanks babe for the words!!!
hates me ;/
It's a sad world when Columbia businesses buy negative reviews to post on competitor's GooglePlaces pages.
Uncanny how the impulse to do both still crops up, though.
Thanks Britt!
Cap and gown reserved.
ePortfolio complete.
The idea that I'll be receiving my Master's Degree in a couple months is starting to feel real.
someone please find Nick Stahl
Wonder what talking scales say when 800lb morbid obsese get on probably for fcuk sake get off
S/o to the REAL men that admit they got hair up where the sun don't shine.
A friendly reminder: Registration is required for Faith Ringgolds artist lecture on Thurs., March 22, 6:30.
Theres still time to...
Release my street single 2mister DERRICK ROSE tune in 4:00 VIDEO COMING REAL SOON!
thanks for the rt!
:
FUCK MY LIFE!!!!
Congrats from Ms.
Bridgette and the CoffeeTalk Jazz Radio/TV
Bro's before Hoe's!
Chicks before Dicks!
Does anyone abide by the code anymore?!
You like my fan account for youu?
:
The total cost to families would exact about 10,600 per family between now and 2020, equal to 1,060 per year on household budgets.
see u tomorrow coach.
Thanks
Now Piero Attanasio from ARROW.
Rights information needed to manage digital data
then marry a guy with the last name shooter...
LOL smart woman catching up with your holidays haha man I need to get back to facebook 
Nothing wbu boo?
RT : was the deal
Well my bracelet took a lovely bath in the washing machine yesterday...
So with two days off ahead of me I vow to resists renutlican bs  spread the message of , check em out, they're awesome!
LegalizeLove
Listening to US Rep Paulsen on my right and Michele Bachmann on my left on Capitol steps!
Thank you God for blessing me with another day!
And keep me strong for the roads ahead.
Ri to got her Tina on killin it!
happy mothers day :xo if you saw this i'd be soo happy!
saysomethin was amazing
sorry i did a l8 response ..but im from Miami :
Thanks for the shoutout.
Look forward to getting to know you.
If you ever need a RT, just let me know  happy to help!
Yup.
Can't believe how tired I was from the traveling.
Couple more good nights  I'll be right as rain.
What's new with you?
I was just messing around with some MK vs DCuniverse.
I love sub zero and smoke is a beast.
We should vs sometime.
Loved it!
I felt like I was just in Mexico!
Lunch at a Mexican Inspired Seafood restaurant in City Heights!
is there a viewing party in San Diego tonight?
Tell our friend it ends this evening.
LOL thats what we were seeing when she fell and broke her ankle!!!
i almost completely forgot about that until now.
as I said, I'm not denying the complete bias in the way they've done it :
no why ?
I never get ready for school lol 
where are working next?
sure, you love it
I'll have to check it out!
i don't wanna be in this class
Thanks for the chat folks!
I have to go close up the library now!
:
Sit in at trenton for home forclosure meet at irvington public library 10 am tommorow
Dear cheaters, you're not Hannah Montana, you can't have the best of both worlds.
One time you should never be with me: When i first wake up
Seems to happen about once a week for me...
Not really.
But hey.
I lasted a week!
In Denver
Good morning !
Thanks for the call this morning to make sure I was alright.
That's customer care!
My 8 yr.
old just ranked his top 10 favorite players in the NBA....Lebron STILL No.
1, Dwyane Wade No.
5.
For what that's worth.
No Winterhawk hockey until the 28th, but the boys need a Christmas break so we can come back and kick some TriCity butt!
Could Today Be The Day That Notices me?
Maybe.
Never say never!
thank you!
xx
Excellent!
Let me know if you have any questions.
Took to the airport this morning.
So sad!
I've gotten used to seeing her every few months  I think I'm spoiled.
:/
The only gift is a portion of thyself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
This is the third time the kid next to me has slammed his head into the window while falling asleep.
Can't tell if he is asleep or concussed
She buys me weird clothes online and calls me Sergio.
I actually have no clue.
Letting a friend from St.
Elizabeth be my guide and make the itinerary.
Thanks!
No one was sitting near me, so I had all 3 seats in my row to stretch out on.
That was pretty cool.
Do you tweet anymore
Crystal Wright,alias ,declares on Bio,Im Black,conservative woman.Deal W It!I DID!
I just BLOCKED U!
lol
Hi Karen!
No travel partner needed!
; There will be many traveling alone that we can pair together!
Come see Israel!
Watching doctorve with
S/O to everybody who thinks it's still appropriate to rock a top hat in public.
Just found out that today is take your child to work day.
I am genuinely soar all over  it's a great feeling!
